If you have any questions, please contact the following numbers: District Control Room – 7005602113, Police Control Room – 9612946561, Mawkyrwat (R) Ranikor – 8837035641, PWD (R) Nonghyllam – 9436913436, PWD (R) Mawkyrwat – 9863027838 and PWD (R) Mawsaw –
Because we want the future of the country for our children to be good and free.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, General Secretary of the JSU, Samla Emperor Bareh, said that the JSU is like a blood bank because when there are patients who need blood, they phone the leaders for help. Many members of the organization have saved many lives by donating blood without counting the price.
Indian athletes include Amit Magar, Ashu Rawat, Anne Matthias, Nisphul Jose, Manish Rawat, Pinky Rana and Naina Adhikari who are leading rowers from Uttarakhand, Karnataka and Kerala.
At the same time, he said that the UDP leaders wear masks when they come to Sohiong, while at the Secretariat they shri intend to cooperate with the NPP. Synshar Lyngdoh, UDP candidate from Sohiong constituency, East Khasi Hills District, said that the supporters of HDR love and respect HDR. Lyngdoh who is his son, so the people will also be pleased to give their love to him so that he will be the winner of this election.
About 2.10 lakh households have been provided with electricity in Meghalaya under the PM Ujjwala Yojana, about 70,000 households have been constructed under the PM Awas Yojana, about 3.40 lakh households have been provided with water through the Jal Jeevan Mission and about 2.70 lakh households have been provided with electricity. toilets built.
Sniawbhalang handed over the money on Friday in the presence of church leaders, village leaders and residents of Mynsngat.
Ministers and senior officials have been involved in illegal activities for their own benefit.
This information came through the children; Rudolf Eustace Laloo Engida Laloo Luvincent Laloo Evani Laloo Spouses, relatives and friends.
In this regard, Minister Rangbha assured that the people of the state will once again give their full support to the government in the upcoming election
These are the persecutions of our small and medium-sized households during the 75 years of independence.
On the other hand, the Sordar of the village who is also the President of the sport club, congratulated the MDC for donating T.5 lakh to the sport club. Through this donation of the MDC, it has been a great blessing to the sport club and also to the village as a whole.
Even after a long sitting, Kong Lumspah did not allow them to sit alone, until Bah Let left without finishing the story he had told before Bah Shanbor.
It is said that the lamphang shall lodge a complaint immediately; on this act of these menthok.
It was also decided that the General Meeting will be held on Saturday, August 2013 from 11 am at NEHU campus.
The Mawshynrut MLA said that all the departments in the budget have already been opened but there are also departments which are not in the budget which have been opened. The government will do this when it does this, even those who are not in the budget the government is willing to open where it will get money, I don't know how the Cabinet thinks or I don't know if those in power are just “It's not like I'm going to be able to do it,” said Witting.
He said that the Seng will not sit idly by but will demand that the Government should invite the leaders of this group of teachers to the negotiating table to talk with understanding.
Of the 137 deaths in the past 24 hours, 63 were from Maharashtra, 29 from Gujarat, 14 from Delhi and Uttar Pradesh, six from West Bengal, four from Tamil Nadu, two from Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Andhra Pradesh and one in Haryana.
Pangniang said that during the meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs together with him as the Adviser of the area, decided that if there is an attack in Assam, they will stand together as they have done. At the same time, they demanded from the government to provide electricity to the area. It was found that Assam has shut down the electricity supply to these villages. The direct connection with the Assam power line should be completed.
“3.
No one was injured in the incident.
He said that he will ensure that all the employees from various offices of the party will go to every household to ensure that the people will vote for the BJP candidate this time.
Furthermore, there were allegations that the school does not provide properly the Mid-Day Meal to the students and on this they also requested information through RTI from the office of the SDSEO on the manner. CP School implements Mid-Day Meal.
Mitchel said the demand for fish is not less than 20 to 25 tonnes per day in Khasi and Jaintia Hills alone, but the Council is facing difficulties in developing the fish farming industry due to lack of funds. We don't have enough staff and even a Fishery Officer.
It was here that Airikmenlang Shabong realized that she had the talent of wrestling that God had given her and she started working hard and she was able to compete abroad. She has won many medals through the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association.
The HNLC will continue to carry out its activities from time to time and the mistake of the MDA Government is on the assassination of its own spokesperson (Bah Che) and this has angered the HNLC. Man has died but blood will have to be paid back with blood and those involved will not escape from the hands of the HNLC whether they are Ministers or police chiefs.
He said it is a fact that mobile internet is very scarce even in Shillong and not only in the rural areas.
The winners in the men's race were Dasaman Kyndait who finished first in 27:56 minutes, second Dabit Dkhar in 28:15 minutes and third. Teiboklang Biam who finished in 28:33 all three are from Sabahmuswang.
The scheme aims to support the beneficiaries through access to credit, initial employment, training, market assistance, and other means.
The statement said that as the supporters and the people, they have no knowledge of the news by a person who does not identify himself as Wanphai Dkhar and the people of Rambrai themselves do not recognize him.
The Minister of Community and Rural Department, Bah Hamletson Dohling, in his speech, spoke on the progress of the department over the years, especially in terms of the implementation of the MNREGS scheme and the development. The number of Self Help Groups has increased in the past few years.
He said that yesterday, one person came shouting 'Ha U Prah' while the NPP candidate, Kong M Ampareen Lyngdoh was speaking, and another vehicle came shouting 'Ha U Prah' They were taken away by the police.
Amidst the bustle of the Catholic Church, on the 13th of November, they came to take part in the Procession of the Holy Eucharist at the Cathedral, Laitumkhrah.
Acknowledging that the powers of District Councils are protected under the Constitution, the Minister said, “The most important protection of the District Councils or their Courts is through the Provisions of Paras 4 & 5 of the Sixth Schedule and therefore no notification shall exceed it.
It is also shocking to think that Father Stan Swamy died on the day the Bombay High Court was hearing his bail application.
He made his football debut when he was selected for the U-15 and U-18 teams of Aizawl FC in the Hero Youth League.
Sanijaijai Khyriem won the title of Miss Fusion Queen, Rida Maia the title of Eco Queen and Miss Remika Dkhar the title of Miss Congeniality.
As true leaders we should love and follow in the footsteps of Mahatma Gandhi, but not only to love Gandhi's head (money) and not to put wealth in your hands by the nation.
He said that the government has not yet shown any sign on the demand of the VPP. While the VPP MLA from Mawryngkneng, Bah Heavingstone Kharpran, said that the party will consider if the government does not listen to the demand. The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has been arrested.
He said that there is no shared responsibility in this government but it is run alone by the Prime Minister.
He said that this will be for the purpose of getting wages and in this regard, the state government has already sent this request to the central government in Delhi.
Because the soul of man is precious in the sight of God, not wealth.
Dr Rochelle P Walensky, director of the CDC, said those who have been fully vaccinated can spread the Delta variant to the nose and throat, where the infection will be higher. exactly, as well as those who have not been injected at all.
For what shall it profit a man, if he shall gain the whole world, and lose himself, or be cast away?
“At present, the owners of this land are the Municipal Board, and if they want to talk about it, they should first send a complaint to the Municipal Board and maybe it would be better to send a letter to them. “I don't know why they are flooding but all those who live here are flooding not only this one community,” she said.
The Association has started an indefinite strike from the 17th of this month at 6 pm.
Only those who are blind understand the truth.
Recently, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) leaders demanded that the Government should allocate 200 sq. meters of land and allocate T.20 lakh for the construction of houses in the European Ward for 342 households. They live in Mawlong Market.
The market, which has been built by the District Council, has not benefited the shopkeepers, due to the fact that the construction of the shops is not adequate and many of the shops are empty on market days. many were still sitting on the floor.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister was able to hand over the pata to 100 households who are entitled to receive these pata according to their request and demand to own the land.
On 11.5.2023, Karbi residents of Khanduli village were attacking two farmers in Khanduli village. The residents of Khanduli village also chased away and arrested another Karbi farmer named Albertson Timung. u right part of the head.
This also depends on your individual body condition.
The tournament was organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongkhlaw Circle.
The news was released through Amaq, the militants' news agency.
The SP has warned the people involved in this incident to intimidate and intimidate the people especially women and children, which has affected the minds of the people, to punish them if found and appealed to the people “I don't want to believe anything, but I want to make sure that there is no misconception among the people,” he added.
Minister Duh also spoke about the year 2023 being celebrated as the International Millet Year and the Government's efforts to export Shri Anna to markets in other countries.
In another match, Rangdajied FC beat Laban 10-0
The DCIC, Jowai has organized the 35th District Level Industrial Exhibition for two days which started on 7th June.
It is reported that the explosion was caused by a strong bottle.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 26: The family members of Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh Nonglait, together with the family of Lyngdoh Nonglait, at the celebration to commemorate the second death anniversary of Maieid Hoping Lyngdoh Nonglait. Mawkyllei, Mawkyllei, honored more than 1000 volunteers who fought along with Maieid Hoping to fight for the Hills State.
Stoding also alleged that NPP candidate Samlin Malniang has alleged that religious leaders forget to pray when they are hungry and that is why they are only explainers and not doers.
He said the party is ready to give ticket to Bah Bindo if he contests from East Shillong which is currently led by Dr. MM Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of the Congress party who has been suspended.
Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary of the NBAJAC, said that the load shedding is in force from 9:00 PM to 12:00 AM in Narpuh, but MeCEL has taken advantage of it by turning off the electricity beyond the time announced by the NBAJAC. per day in the area.
The boy, because he listened to the praise of the people, became proud.
Last month, the District Council Affairs Department of the state sent back to the Governor with the explanations he had requested earlier on the Bill.
But in us, we have to choose whom we will choose.
The funding for this will be through the Special Capital Investment for Urban of the Government of India.
Kriti, who won the National Award for 'Mimi', said that Alia is an inspiration to many youngsters and praised the films starring Alia which have also attracted her. .
“There is another rumor that the BJP will not win from the constituencies in Shillong.
I cannot confirm this decision because it is a very big task,” said Ampareen in reply to a question by the UDP leader from Mookaiaw, Bah Nujorki Sungoh.
The misuse of IAY funds was discovered by the PPM through an RTI request from the BDO Umling.
As it is the part of the Church to ordain and empower the High Priests; Fr Alfred made the jubanlak by promising to follow the guidelines issued by the State Religious Affairs and to work together with the Church and the people of God.
The owners of the tea plantations who were British had a plan on how to produce slaves inside the tea plantation.
The strong spirit of Robert Kharjahrin of the UDP since he became the leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council has been a great opportunity to win.
When contacted by the Leader of the Opposition in the KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, he said that he had no knowledge of the intention of the two Congress MDCs to join the NPP. He will see when that time comes if those MDCs have left to join another party.
It was seen through the video that the man was helped by the people by throwing him with a seij and he escaped from the tragic incident.
To our beloved ruler; Who truly loved his country, Who empowered them by God; From the heart, to build the country.
Dawki/Pyrdiwah: While conducting a border inspection on the India-Bangladesh border in Dawki area, an inspection team led by Bah HS Shylla CEM of KHADC found that the BSF troops have blocked the road. They also drove away two Khasi women who were trying to enter Pyrdiwah village and these women turned away from the road they were walking to turn back to Bangladesh.
It is true that political thinkers and political scientists have struggled to introduce new good governance methods but they cannot be improved, because it is human governance.
The government 's delay in increasing their salaries has put the teachers in a difficult situation to provide for their families and other needs on an income of T.6000 tyngka The All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) has requested all SSA teachers in East and West Jaintia Hills and 12,481 SSA teachers in the state to support the rally. “We will rally on the 19th of this month to join hands for the success of the Peace Rally,” said Bah Aris C. Rymbai President of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA).
So death could not hold him in the grave.
In the first tie, Meghalaya didn't have an answer to Mumbai's talented players, including Tushar Deshpande (3/8), who recently played for Chennai Super Kings in the IPL. Anish Charak and Akash K Choudhury scored 23 runs each and were the only two to reach the 100-run mark for Meghalaya – Charak 20 while Choudhury scored
He said that there should be no confusion on this issue as the government will not allow the mining of uranium as expressed by the people of the state.
They demanded an investigation into allegations of corruption in the purchase of fighter jets from the French company Rafale.
Shillong, June 19: Bah Pynshngain N Syiem's ​​statement that he will wait for the decision of the UDP MDCs to leave the PDF shows that he does not understand the power of the party, said the General. UDP Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
The MTD said the Council has already passed the Village Administration Bill
Bah Pynshai Mawrie, resident of Mawlai Phudmuri, who is the coach and founder of the Pynshai School of Martial Arts at Laban Square Shillong, has passed away. He has been the leader of the Asian Kickboxing Championship for the 2022 Asian Kickboxing Championship.
But it was the moment of his pride that he drove out the sky.
The political upheaval in KHADC has come after the mid-term MDC elections especially the victory of Bah HS Shylla of Nongkrem from the UDP. Bah Pynshngain has been suspended from the Congress but he is still a Congress member.
Greenwell expressed the hope that more people like Father Anthony will come forward to help end this disease.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12 : Arunachal Pradesh has won three gold medals on the opening day of the Taekwondo Championships held at the Assam Rifles Indoor Stadium in Laitkor.
Those who have been severely affected in these days, are the clothes makers, shopkeepers, mystery workers, electricians and these have had to close their shops, due to the fierce competition. through e-commerce and this has resulted in a decline in the income and income of these small workers.
So it really grew.
“Furthermore, the association stands with the family members of the victim.
Speaking at the meeting, u Sniawbha promised to contribute up to Rs 5 lakh from the government scheme for the construction of a Community Hall cum Indoor Hall. It is expected to spend up to 45 lakh.
In the Under-15 (Double), Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh and Aureliana Estepang Passah beat Roviancy Neza Chullai and Dana Angelika Phyllei of Che's Ster HSS 21-9, 21-1 In the Under-17 category, Joselinadaia Passah and Aureliana Estepapang Passah beat Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh of NLHSS 21-10, 21-8 In the Under-17 Boys (Double), Lechan Suchiang and Sunidabiang Langstang of Lamuroo SS Shangpung beat Aefa Dkhar 21-14, 21-1 In the U-17 Boys (Single), Dathrang P.Shullai beat Leminelson Suchiang 21-14, 23-25, 22-2
The Peoples Democratic Front (PDF) which was newly formed ahead of the 2018 elections (by Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem who joined the NPP and later the Congress) is now in a state of shock. The MLAs who are currently in the party are no longer willing to contest on the party ticket in 2023 as they have been involved in the plots of the National People's Party (NPP) They will come back to power in 2023 and if they win, they will still sit in the seats in the Secretariat.
The Congress party had demanded a CBI inquiry into the incident but its MP said the investigation authority appointed by the government was sufficient to investigate the case.
Another silver medal went to Mukesh Tamang and Navidisha.
The leaders who are willing to point out the corruption are the ones who really want the country to grow, and they are the ones who really want the country to grow.
In 2014, after the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banned the coal mining in Meghalaya, I was worried and said what will these people who earn their living from coal mining eat, and Especially we have only one brother and sister at home. I am worried about myself, I ask only questions, whether my mother can still support us in school.
Why did you say that?
The Athletics athletes who won the Meghalaya Games 2022 did not receive their medals on the final day of the Meghalaya Games 2022 and had to leave home empty-handed. they can no longer provide on the day of distribution due to time constraints.
The injured were rushed to Bhoirymbog CHC for treatment while one of the seriously injured died on arrival at the hospital.
On the other hand, the Soil and Water Conservation Department should not only know how to dig and plant trees and invest T.10 crore, but should ensure that the trees planted will see the future of the trees. and in particular, that the water sources should flow freely from these 303 Watershed Areas.
The decision was taken at a meeting held last month with the participation of the Union of Village Authorities of Bri Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), KHADC and the government.
It is learned that about 30, 40 people who used to be with Sohan D Shira, former GNLA leader, are still on their way to parts of Garo Hills, because they don't want to kill themselves and no one can. also to catch them.
How foolish it is for the mother's shymprong to give birth to her children who are left behind.
When asked, Prestone said that the CAA has been in force since 2014 before the Amendment but so far, no one has applied for citizenship of Meghalaya after it was passed into law. Citizenship Amendment Act.
The wife of the Additional Sessions Judge, who was shot dead by a security guard, died while undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The 1 called the 0, "Bah Zero, come and stand behind me"
Jowai, Jymmang 31: The Seiñ Raij Raliang has welcomed the donation of antiquities by three brothers including Lambok Singh Lyngdoh, Queenvida Lyngdoh and Daplinda Lyngdoh.
“Then the dead in Christ shall rise, first”.1 Thessalonians 4:15-1
Chyne said the party is deeply saddened by the incident in Mukroh but the party has handed over to the party leader and the government leader what is best for them to do. do.
Kerala has the highest number of cases with 17,466, followed by Maharashtra with 6,843, Mizoram with 2,307, Andhra Pradesh with 2,252 and Odisha with 1,8 .
Similarly, nightclubs or discotheques are the same but those who wish to extend the time will have to pay a special fee.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Khrawbor Shylla congratulated the Sports Club for organizing such programs every year and said, “I am pleased to see that the youngsters have enjoyed this event. month with active participation in various sports"
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that many people have come to the Council's land in the forest at Arodonga in West Khasi Hills. .
Is it true that these are the last days as the Bible says?
The incident occurred at 2.30 PM and no casualties were reported.
Charles Pyngrope said the AITC already has many qualified people and there will be other MDCs and MLAs who will join the TMC before .
Banteilang Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 39th minute for Langsning, which was assisted by Kynsaibor Lhuid. 0.
After three years at Barcelona, ​​Fabregas returned to the Premier League in 2014 to join Chelsea, where he made less than 200 appearances.
He also admitted that in his constituency, Pynursla Constituency, he distributes the MLA scheme only to those who support him and to those who do not.
He said that as the number of cases has increased, countries across Asia have also fought their best to fight against the disease by controlling and intensifying vaccination programmes. vaccines for all the residents of the village so that we can fight against this terrible disease.
Due to changes in international relations and inflation, fertilizer prices have increased worldwide in recent years.
Therefore, for the sake of the safety of the people, the union has urged the management of the Jio Company, to take action in the immediate implementation of the tower which has been erected in the village, so that “It will benefit the people living in the area,” he added.
Leaders and members of the KSU together with the people and the police who came to guard the rally, tried to arrest these suspected Karbi but these paid Karbi escaped.
It was like a range.
Last year, there were 44,357 deaths in such shootings in the United States, of which about half were suicides.
The four selected were Eva Wayne Marbaniang (50kg), Mellina Basaiawmoit (52kg), Tredicia Lamare (54kg) and Riteeka Sarki (57kg).
On this occasion, a discussion was held on the status of slasha in Meghalaya and Taiwan and the differences in the cultivation of slasha and the yields and income from slasha cultivation such as Greentea. and Whitetea Orthodox and others which are the most effective and healthy herbs.
U bb makdoh is one of those people who don't like others and he himself walks out of the car without passing up.
On the defeat in the MLA election by the VPP candidate, Bah Pyniaid said that his defeat is because he doesn't know who the opponent is. easier to deal with.
At the same time, speaking on the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), Cabral said that the people have different opinions on the UCC, but many are not as they have thought.
In a statement, the State President Mahila Congress, Kong Joplyn S.Shylla, said, “This sudden announcement of the curfew without considering the problems affected by many people, without any basis is something that is wrong. it is not appropriate for such a rule"
This happened in Orissa on 23 July 1999 during the tenure of PM Atul Bihari Vajpayee.
Referring to the BJP's allegations of corruption against the MDA government, Dr Ao said, “We have received complaints but unfortunately we have not received any documents to prove.
He said that in the 18th hearing on 6th June, five judges of the Supreme Court had decided that until the final decision, all banks and companies should extension of their term for the benefit of the people and this extension is indefinite but until the hearing and final decision.
After a long legal battle in the Delhi High Court, the passport was issued to Mehbooba.
In the second match, Umbhahdakha beat Pammanik 2-0
He said that the celebration of Christmas is to bring the fruits of helping others and to respect others without condemning anyone who has shortcomings or mistakes.
With the help of several people, Sr.
Research completed to date has shed further light on groundwater dynamics and management practices.
This was confirmed by the Director of Health Services (MI), Dr Aman War on Tuesday and said he tested positive on Saturday.
The EJNC has demanded that the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills should stop the construction of the factory and demanded that a public hearing be held before the construction of any factory in the district. If you don't have the construction of the factory, you will not be able to do anything.
Others present were Kynsailin Snaitang, District Program Manager, DRDA, Tennyson Kharmujai, Junior Engineer, BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Rila Kharlyngdoh, Block. Project Manager of NRLM and others.
He said that from 2013-14 to 2017, 162 transformers were defective in East Jaintia Hills, 140 in West Jaintia Hills, 352 in East Khasi Hills, 142 in West Khasi Hills, 295 in Ribhoi, 106 in South West Khasi and 74 in South Garo. , East Garo Hills 78, West Garo Hills 294, North Garo Hills 86 and South West Garo Hills
“On the absence of female policemen, the minister said that we will send an inquiry into this matter, but in fact we do not expect them to violate,” he said.
Schools should not be closed on that day, said the Joint Director.
The State Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023 has come to an end with five teams qualifying for the semi finals in the men's and women's categories.
Regarding the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra, he said, “I have seen in the media that the MDC of Sohra (Bah Titos W Chyne who is also the CEM of KHADC) has said that the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra has already received funds, but it is not so and the file is still pending and we have not received the funds to implement”.
They have to take medicine to children or sick children at their homes, they have to weigh 5 to 6 kilos times for newborns under six and a half months, they have to take poor women to clinics to be examined, then have to be taken to clinics when pregnant women go into labor.
Khliehriat, June 19: Members of the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPLF) East Jaintia Hills District, under the leadership of Bah Kyrshan Blah, today visited Sonapyrdi area to find that there is still heavy traffic jam. The union urges the Meghalaya government and the National Highway Authority of India to take immediate action to resolve this issue.
“A nation that doesn't have stories is a dead nation', but if we look at this nation, it has stories from generation to generation,” said the Dolloi. Writing books will help to develop the brain and as human beings we should feed the brain through reading books.
About T.800 crore has already been spent and almost all the works have progressed and we want to see that the works will start in all these houses”.
The Lamphang's statement came after James K Sangma sought clarification from the Lamphang on the issue of no confidence in the government to be taken to the House.
Mebanshanskhem Kurkalang of St. Peter's High School Mawjrong was named the Best Goalkeeper of the Above-16 (Boys).
Police said that Nongsiej from Mawlai village has joined the HNLC since
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that besides what the Home Minister has said, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government as a whole is saddened to see such incidents and especially the problems faced by the people of Meghalaya. The farmers have been forced to sell their produce on the streets, but he appealed to the people to stay for a while.
In agriculture, you don't need a degree but you need intelligence, determination to do any agricultural work and for this reason it employs everyone except the rich.
On the occasion, NGOs including SURE, Young Minds Collective (YMC), Bharat Scouts and Guide, Union of Waheh Shnongs and private individuals were also honoured. .
India's FIFA World Cup qualifier against Kuwait on Friday announced his retirement from international football after India prepared for the FIFA World Cup qualifier against Kuwait on Friday. and July.
“India has won the Asian Champions Trophy 2023, which was held in Chennai from 3rd to 12th July.
Nongpoh: A group of robbers have robbed a cigarette store of Madan Mohan Obhrai & CO WSP of ITC Limited in 15mer Byrnihat village. bring up to 255 boxes of cigarettes.
On the other hand, Bah John Lyngdoh, President of KSU, Nongpoh Circle, after handing over the foreigner to the Wildlife Department, requested the Wildlife Department to investigate thoroughly and take action according to the rules and regulations. The law, because what makes the organization different is that no foreigner has such books on animals and also witnessed the discovery of animal skins such as the Cobra, the wings of various birds. different etc. are wonderful tools.
“We have found out who did this and we are waiting for the report from Delhi because they know who is involved and where it started,” said Mawrie.
Jowai, July 27: As part of the 14th National Voters Day, the Deputy Commissioner of Election Branch, West Jaintia Hills District today celebrated the 14th National Voters Day. The distribution of Voter ID Cards to all new voters of the district at a meeting held at the Election Branch, Jowai on the theme “Nothing like voting, I vote for sure”.
The resolution has been pending in the cupboard of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) for more than two years.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has announced that the talks for the resolution of the boundary in the remaining seven areas including Khanduli-Psiar may start this month. .
Now the North East means 'New-Engine' of India's development and the North before the Congress is 'Non-Existent'
The closing ceremony of the Ranikor Block Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2023 was attended by D.Syngkon, District Sports Officer, E.Syiemlieh, PTI, District Sports Office. Officer, Medical and Health Officers of Ranikor CHC, teachers of 12 schools and spectators.
The Deputy Commissioner appealed to the village leaders, political parties and residents to cooperate with the district authorities as usual to ensure a successful election.
The people of Ri Bhoi District today welcomed Bah Lapang after his return from Delhi and said that he will join the party which has the same views as him and which still allows him to work. .
Speaking on the occasion, he said that there are many benefits that the garment manufacturers should receive from the government including Transport Subsidy and also the production of ksai, rong and others. They can benefit from the Handloom and the Yarb Passbook.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 23: The farmers have been increasingly being harassed and oppressed until they have had to shake their heads due to the drop in the price of their agricultural products.
Bah Khyriem said the KSU, as it has always opposed, will continue to oppose the proposal to build a railway line and the mining of uranium in the state.
When asked, the Prime Minister said that the direct confirmation of them cannot be done for the government as there should be a selection of the candidates.
Khliehriat jymmang 27: A landslide has caused severe damage to the National Highway-6 at Sonapyrdi, near the tunnel, this morning at about 6 pm. because of the slap.
The RSS has also been illegal in the Congress government.
The cultivation of Kait, sohpieng, sohkynphor, sohmrit, tympew and others is still very low.
He encouraged the parents to ensure that their children read every day at home, and to ensure that there is no obstacle. interrupt when they’re in between readings or they’ll have the perfect spot.
Bengaluru: Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) has signed a deal with Bytedance, the company that owns Tiktok, to operate TikTok in India, according to reports. .
In an interview with the HSPDP, he said that the HSPDP in Ri-Bhoi will not be able to create a world at all after the departure of the former leaders.
Boaz married Ruth, and from him and Ruth became father Obed, and Obed became the father of Jesse, and Jesse became the father of David.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Thousands of students from various schools and colleges in Shillong on Tuesday took part in the Hynniewtrep Youth's March. The Hynniewtrep Youth's Council (HYC) Central Body.
Therefore, the entry of foreigners into the rural areas and markets has been reported in the newspapers from time to time. and they went and offered the goods.
In the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, there is no Act or Rule for the 18 Elaka Dolloi and one Sirdarship.
Tata Motors CVBU division celebrates this day every year on 23rd March to commemorate the first customer of a car. The car is manufactured by Tata Motors.
Shangpliang is one of the four to seven candidates for the Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
When a person resigns, the EC cannot be dissolved because he resigns alone and as of now he is only a citizen because his resignation has already been accepted.
Jowai: Evergreen Sports Club Mukhla beat Lum Pariat 4-1 in the 9th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. Frankinson Bang scored in the 8th and 52nd minutes, Hauniwanpaya Bang in the 19th minute and Meker Pyrtuh in the 66th minute.
If we win both the seats, we are sure that they will get ministerial posts in the central government.
Previously, the leaders of Ri Bhoi were BB Lyngdoh MLA and Sing Shullai MDC from Shillong but the first MLA/MDC from Ri Bhoi was Justly Rynshon.
Parents who have received education can provide for their needs in online classes, but there are other families who cannot afford because even food is enough to survive.
BJP Sohra The BJP in Sohra, which has been divided into two factions in the past few days, has now reached a unity.
The union has raised a question to the CFO of JHADC whether if the CFO of JHADC has received this authorization from the company why doesn't he send it to the Executive of the Council or the CEM of JHADC, so that the JHADC can get a seat. judge or do what is right.
“Through the establishment of the Meghalaya Village Tourism Promotion and Development Co-operative Society, it is the responsibility of all departments to work together to fill these gaps. Because here, the roads are not enough. There is a lack of fish, vegetables, flowers, agriculture, sports and others,” said Kong Chuchiang.
He congratulated all those who have participated, the association who have come forward to take this step of the scheme and to complete this project on time, hoping that they will can market the fish they catch.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dolrich BG Monin, Project Director, DRDA and Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills, congratulated the association for organizing this tournament for the chess players as well as the chess players. The FIDE Rated Tournament was attended by the parents of the participants.
We request all diocesan teams to celebrate this as Black Day by wearing black dresses or black ribbons,” said the ICYM. countries usually leave for about 10 or 12 years;
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Staising Kharbteng in his visit to the family in the presence of some of those who took part in the donation, said that it is through the suggestion of the women to do something to help the family. families who have suffered the damage to their homes, especially those who have lost precious lives.
Ribokstar was speaking to reporters after a meeting with the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem.
Speaking on the government's delay in issuing a decision on the resolution passed by the Legislative Assembly to implement the Inner Line Permit, Tudu said, “When I come back, I will I will give a clear answer or I can inform through the party leaders and I can also give my opinion to the government.
The ceremony was inaugurated by the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District Bikram D Marak in the presence of the Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Station S. Manner, office bearers of WJBA and others.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, said that the HYC's RTI request from the Planning Department is on the appointment of the state government. Roy said the National People's Party (NPP) under the leadership of MLA elections in the two councils – MEDC and MREGC The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, upon assuming office in October this year, has appointed 21 MLAs, former MLAs and employees of various political parties to serve as Chairman, Co-Chairman, Vice-Chairman, Deputy Chairman, and members of various Boards, Councils, Committees and Commissions.
ME Production has acquired this News Channel to improve the quality of daily news in Khasi and English along with sports specials, entertainment and programmes. [read page 7] discussion entitled Plaque! From Matïong which have been broadcast to the public and to be broadcast through cable operators from 9 pm every day.
“It was a thoughtless attack and the use of weapons which led to the death of this man,” he said.
KSU Saphai Unit Officers: President: Balawan Suchiang Vice President: Teibormi Sten General Secretary: Riki Syntem Assistant General Secretary: Iurilia Niang Education Secretary: Lastborn Rabon Assistant Education Secretary: Melita Langbang Finance Secretary: Shimti Publicy Secretary Suchiang Publicity Secretary: Pynshailang Suchiang Organizing Secretary: Phrang Dhar Assistant Organizing Secretary: Bresding Paslein Sport Secretary: Meker Suchiang Assistant Sport Secretary Nicky Suchiang And 11 members.
The CM also informed that the vacant land will also be used for the construction of public places such as restaurants, parking lots and other facilities which can be used by the villagers and you are the one who is right.
Mawkyrwat, July 16: A woman has died after her house collapsed in Jashiar village, South West Khasi Hills District. of a sudden collapse of the ground.
Regarding the findings of the District Council after the inspection, Bah Shylla said that the signboard which has lost many places is due to the state government.
The year 2023 will be history and memories.
Thus within the last 45 days (1335 days) it is not the anointing of Jesus Christ to reign 1000 years to anoint the Most Holy One" Daniel 9:2
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Right to Education (RTE) will not bring adequate education to Meghalaya, according to the participants of a competition organized by the Youth Hostel Association of India (YHAI). Meghalaya chapter, which was held today.
“However, in the state, we know that the leaders who win elections do not win elections in the name of the political party, but win according to the will of the people,” he said. .
Regarding the closure of the government school in Sohiong , the Sub - Divisional Education Officer , LM Iangngap , has called a meeting of the Sordar Shnongs to arrange for the smooth running of the school in which the chiefs went to take part.
You can prevent and prevent germs from entering your body by washing your hands thoroughly with soap and water after going outside and before cooking, eating or drinking, and by washing fruits and vegetables thoroughly before cooking or eating, and by wearing shoes or slippers.
In this statement, the party strongly condemns and expresses its deep sorrow for this negligence of the authorities, from the MDA Government led by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as well as the The NHAI department is responsible for these roads.
She accused the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is the President of the NPP, of stealing the money of the people of Meghalaya to send to other states and the people don't need any more witnesses on this.
Speaking in Parliament on Tuesday, Prime Minister Narendra Modi declared this day a memorable day and urged the Opposition to pass the Bill.
Vijay Thangavel scored the first goal in the 48th minute to give Chennaiyin three points.
Other foods you should eat that can help improve hydration are milk, butter and yogurt.
So far, about 15 schools have registered to provide education through the CR School.
ML 10 C 2409 purchased from Industrial & Farm Equipment, Authorize Dealer Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd.
According to the Bible, Joel 2:10 says, “Before this, the earth shook, the heavens shook, the sun and the moon did not stand still. and the stars shall give no light.
Mariahom Kharkrang said, “Kong Passah has entertained the audience with traditional songs.
On the other hand, Lambor Suchen, Skill Development Officer, said that the project has been implemented by the Ministry of Border Areas and the office of the SDO Amlarem, DC and Skill Development.
He said that the special session will also include the allocation of salaries to the MDCs, as well as the expenditure on the Legislative Department and the Education Department.
“Ma Bishar Plain, one of the residents of Jowai, suggested the establishment of a Grievance Committee and Task Force Committees to discuss the development works of Jowai.
In a statement sent by Hercules Suting, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi, he said that the HYC has received complaints from the residents of many villages like Umshew Umtngam, Birsiej, Sohphoh, Mawrathud, Tyrso and other villages. Ingsaw, Umlaitteng, Umlatara and other neighboring villages, which were affected by the heavy rainfall and also the release of the Umiam Dam which was released twice in November and November.
The Shiv Sena leader has offered a reward of Rs 1 crore for the beheading of three people arrested on charges of killing Kamlesh Tiwari in Lucknow.
However, no one was injured in the incident except for the loss of property worth lakhs of rupees.
Amkoi Agro & Eco Friendly Tourism Promotion Society Ltd, Amkoi has provided training to the youth of Amkoi village to promote tourism and avoid child marriage among others.
Regarding the border market, the KSU and FKJGP have accused the border market of being necessary for the people, but the people from the six villages have not been allowed to participate in the border market. containment areas and affects the general public.
Nongpoh: U Paiem Ainam Syiem, Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, in the presence of Ken Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, on Saturday, visited a place within the Raid Marwet. to announce to the public that a village has emerged under the Raid and is known as Umbri.
After examining these actions of yours, it has become clear that they are against the principles of our party.
On the opening day, there were 150 dancers and on Sunday, 266 dancers came to take part in the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
The ANVC, GNLA and others are operating in backward and difficult to reach areas.
To this day, these same church leaders who claim to be teachers of the law of God, spread corruption and continue to collude with the rulers/political leaders to oppress and use misuse power for personal gain.
She said that the ways to prevent the spread of diabetes are to drink 2 liters of water a day, avoid eating beef, avoid dairy products, stop drinking alcohol and stop smoking cigarettes or alcohol.
Jowai, Nailur 21: Shillong Cricket Association (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football will be played against Ri-Bhoi DCA today. The tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The question is, we have always supported the leaders who claim to have responsibility and love for the country and the nation, but the fruits they produce are not really encouraging. many? I think it is difficult to know the characteristics of the people we elect, but one of the duties we need to do is to look for them before we elect them and it is not really difficult if we work and take a little responsibility on our part in this regard, rather than just choosing or following the wind.
He said the MP should also take it to Parliament to advocate for the amendment of the Constitutional Schedule Tribe (Schedule Caste) 1950 to enrich the tribe.
“Shi lakh, we have just collected money from our father, we have come to give it to them, we will see...” said the para. allow such as this.
“The issue at Pyrdiwah has also been resolved by two parliaments, the Parliament of India and the Parliament of Bangladesh,” he said.
Character – it also means the actors of the drama (drama) whose participants are called the PURANs and the characters. Character also means the characters.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Peter S Dkhar, said that such a workshop will help and benefit the students, teachers and youth in the city to He said the workshop will help to solve the problems and people who are facing this crime.
However, this will take time as it requires a lot of money, research and safety for the people while doing this work,” he said. go ahead or not".
The scholarship was divided into three categories, 40 children in the first category received T50,000 each, 20 children in the second category received T30,000 thousand. T15,000 each. There were also 15 talented students from different schools from Shillong, Jowai and Khliehriat. He said that the distribution of scholarships is an encouragement to the students to continue their studies and at the same time it is a contribution to improve education in the district.
He said that after 3 years, if these trees grow, the people who plant them will receive T.
Such as Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus, Neptune and Pluto, as well as the Moon and the Sun and many other celestial bodies.
Diya Sinha and Rajesh Barman of Raid Laban College came second with a cash prize of Rs 4000 and a trophy.
Regarding the cost of employment, he said that it will not affect too much as the recognition as full time employees is not at the same time but only for those who have reached the age of 15 years.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital and doctors announced that Brar was alive.
“One thing I want to say, some people as soon as they distribute pigs tomorrow they sell them.
However, as harvest time approaches, the sky should be clearer and the nights should be colder.
Do the villagers not want this place to attract people? Do they want tourists to avoid this place? It is here that we say that the community should be wise and respectful of their land.
Shillong: On Friday, 13th November 2023, taxi drivers held a protest to urge the district authorities to immediately stop the implementation of odd/even numbers. earn from parts of the road from Kachari, Police Bazar and Motphran.
In another development, the KSU Lumshnong Unit, according to a statement issued by its General Secretary, has said that it fully supports the curfew and road blockade of 17 villages under the Dorbar Dong Namchiang. Narpuh Elaka, East Jaintia Hills District from 4th July to 7th July 2013 on the silence of the Government to repair the highway.
The two political parties, which worked together under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) in the 2018 MLA elections, have won only six MLAs while the UDP has won only six MLAs. The HSPDP has won only two MLAs. The UDP candidates from Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President and Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary, have lost all the seats. the candidates of the Congress Party.
The problem with this type of treatment is that the recovery from the disease cannot last long.
Under the PRIME programme, many entrepreneurs have benefited greatly throughout their careers.
The union also urges the department to think about the construction of electricity bills and at the same time urges the meter readers to verify the consumption of electricity bills. The electricity bill should not be estimated without checking the meter, as during the inspection of the meter, it was found that the electricity bill has increased significantly after the meter has been repaired. meters.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Bhaichung Bhutia Football School (MBBFS) will offer football training to youngsters from the 4th of this month at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
When you wake up each day, make it a point to do something new, something you enjoy, something that makes you happy and comfortable.
The State Government said that 50 students from the Agriculture University, 10 from the Food Technology Institute, 25 members and activists of Shillong Lajong and others. .
India gained independence on 15 August
Shillong, Lber 16: The House of Representatives today passed a hearing on the allegation of corruption in the prisons department.
Ask for clarification from God and don't be deceived or convinced only by those holy promises before the election and don't be fooled by those gifts which are just like food for little children.
The Deccan Herald in its issue of 3.8.2023 has shown how these members have been trained. Even the Superintendent of Police Darrang District has admitted that two persons known as Bijoy have been arrested. Ghosh and Gopal Boro who taught at the ground floor of Maharishi Vidhya Mandir School in Mangaldoi.
The life span of man passes from one year to another.
Bangladeshi intelligence officials said they had spoken to Indian police and decided to investigate these days on a sign in Bengali saying 'Shigroi Asche Inshallah' man U Blei, I'll come soon)'
He said that private individuals should be encouraged to take up this job, not only cooperative societies.
Roma reached the final after beating Leverkusen 1-0 in the first leg, with Edoardo Bove scoring the first goal. Rome will not reach the final.
Shillong, July 16: The New Shillong Township Development Agency (NSTDA) has not yet been fully operational, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said.
Thus, these ideas were proclaimed to be associated with his name.
These projects will improve transportation to Itanagar and boost income in the area.
The Dorbar has taken this decision to close the village on that day at a meeting held on Monday which was attended by the residents of the village, in order to enable the residents of the village to attend the Dorbah. You are the Bri of Hynniewtrep.
When asked about the prime ministerial candidate, the MPCC Working President said, “The post of prime minister will depend on the winners and only the candidate who wins, the party will sit down and decide whom to elect as minister. Chief”.
However, we see that their flags are raised only before the election and immediately afterwards they are destroyed until another election.
Meanwhile, Robertjune Kharjahrin said that according to the law, there is no Panchayat within the Schedule Area. filed an FIR against them.
Shyamkanu Mahanta, Chief Organizer of the North East India Festival, said, “The information received so far is very good.
They questioned what this means by auctioning all the buildings and property of the government to the private sector.
This means that most of the MLAs were elected by the farmers and the government came into being because they were elected by the farmers.
Phyrnai Kyndait and Kordor S Mannar were the winners of the Fit India Freedom Run 3.0 organized by the District Sport Officer in collaboration with the DC East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
Therefore, the union urges the relevant authorities and the leader to turn to this issue which is essential for the safety in all areas, especially for the school children.
Why did the ambulance number ML 01 7874 of Mawsynram CHC which is new and registered in June 2019 under the Director, National Health Mission (NHM) of the State Government? It has been lost or can no longer be used to transport patients and why if so, can't the employees immediately take action to inform the office so that it can be used again.
Civility also scored the second goal in the 36th minute.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The North East Indian People's Federation (NEIPF) in a statement issued a statement strongly condemned the killing of Manipur youth Kawilungbuo. Chawang, 28, from Delhi, who works at a BPO in Gurgaon in recent days.
Spain's Codina scored the first goal for Switzerland in the 11th minute.
I have directed the food safety inspector to take action and conduct the necessary investigations.
It was signed on 13 March 2020 by five Founding Nations – Australia, Canada, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, UAE, UK and the United States.
Expecting that what they promise will be done exactly or that they will implement it as they have made, but this happiness of the people is only temporary and often does not happen as they expected.
Between midnight of October 9 and 10, the smuggler crossed the International Border and entered parts of the country at Tirath Border Post.
Shillong, Lber 10: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, has called on all the insurgent groups in the state to come to the negotiating table for the sake of peace and stability in the state.
He said that he has prioritized the improvement of roads in his constituency.
:The joy of the farmers to harvest and harvest the fruits of their hard work especially the rice farmers is in the month of November when the rice fields are filled with farmers to gather and gather their crops. the fruit of your labor all the year.
They are the most resistant to this disease.
She wears a blue frock, a green curtain and maroon slippers.
The Local Organizing Committee (LOC) of the 132nd Durand Cup Football Tournament has announced that the tournament will start on 3rd November 2023 and end on 3rd November
The court upheld the previous order prohibiting the state government authorities and others from issuing permission to erect buildings within 50 meters of the High-water Mark of Umïam. obtain permission of the court.
Explaining about the hard work of the District authorities and health workers, Kong RM Kurbah, said that so far, the health workers have conducted random tests for 541 people. 201 in Nongpoh, 167 in Umsning, 167 in Umsning and 173 in Bhoirymbong. COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has strongly condemned the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr. Donkupar Roy, MLA of Shella and Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. He said that Dr. Don's statement that the Indian government does not want to mine uranium is just a political statement to win the UDP candidate from Nongkrem in the mid-term MDC elections.
The union has also received information that this person who also wants the post of CMD has stolen the office documents of Bah AGW Kharkongor in order to destroy the post of Kharkangor as CMD and to spread rumors. in your name.
“Our politics is not a politics of destruction, because we understand that our politics is the image of God and not because we believe it is the image of man, but we believe it is the image of God,” said Ardent.
If anyone does not understand this, repent.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal occupation of foreigners in Mahadev Khola.
The Government of Meghalaya has been implementing this job allocation scheme since 1972 and until now.
He said that in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, the National People's Party (NPP) has been rejected because it has won only 8 out of 36 constituencies.
The highest turnout was recorded in Ranikor with 80.55 percent.
Thus, the appointment of Syiem or Nongsynshar is elected and confirmed.
Police have launched a thorough search operation to track down the kidnappers and arrest those involved.
Pastor Nongbsap in his speech from the Word of God said that if this third issue disappears and dies from us; All these things will die together which means that if we don't have love in us we don't have the truth and freedom because love is connected with the heart and the soul from the beginning. from home to life together and he said that if we don't have love we will be like a Shaw Shaw.
In another source, it was reported that the Chairman of JHADC may have refused to conduct the Budget Session on Tuesday morning and handed over the post to the Deputy Chairman. and Hoppingstone Bareh.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) has paid special tribute to two retired teachers, former President ED Nongsiang and former Vice President Babu Ranjit Singh Marbaniang.
“Since the beginning of the peace talks, the meetings with the HNLC leaders have been held in Meghalaya, and through the safe passage, the senior leaders of the HNLC as the Secretary of the party have been able to I don't want to come or go, I don't want to stay in Meghalaya.
There are up to 100 pickup trucks released for use in the transportation of livestock.
The district authorities led by Magistrate Bah MA Challam, DSP AJ Sangma together with a police team, on Tuesday rushed to the scene to disperse the angry crowd. He said that the residents who were angry with the KAAC did not listen to the district authorities and went to destroy the signboard at 3 pm. In the evening of this day, the people of Assam also came out to protest.
At least 10 civilians have been killed while 82 others, including 22 Indian soldiers, are still missing after heavy rains flooded the Lhonak River in North Sikkim. severe flooding in the Teesta river.
He added that if we can do it in a proper and complete manner, it will be a blessing to the people to promote the arrival of these birds in the state. Many nature lovers and animal lovers will come and that too we need to improve until this place is recognized as a world tourist destination and also that this place will enter the world tourist map. , he added further.
lakh Garo will get 1188 police posts. 22 lakh Khasi and Jaintia will get 1187...Why is the Khasi so stupid?
UP School and JM Sun Head Teacher Umsning LP School Umsning Besides these teachers, the office of DSEO and SDSEO also distributed awards to the students of SSLC and HSSLC who have brought honor to the district.
On the same day, the state government through the Sports Department also donated money to various sports associations as part of their preparation for the tournament.
The elections were held for only 59 Assembly constituencies, in which the NPP won 26 seats.
It is learned that the big snakes are now in the kitchens of the Syiem and this is a serious threat to the household, food and drink.
Besides, Kong Dorothy said that the reason why people or women call for childbirth is because they know that it is difficult and poor women are still afraid and hesitant to go to the school. health care facilities.
The Assam Police team led by the officer incharge of Mokoilum has stopped the construction of the school and has also taken the names of the residents who stand on the grounds that Psiar belongs to Meghalaya.
Captain Anikita Sharma and Dubleen Nengnong were also announced as the Vice Captains.
All alcoholic beverages harm the health of the body, but smoking cigarettes is more harmful than other alcoholic beverages and is like inviting illness or even death.
As a linguist who has spent more than 20 years in Shillong, he finds that the Khasi language belongs to the oldest Austro-Asiatic family in the Monkhmer family.
This has revealed the backwardness and lack of knowledge of driving rules from commercial taxis as well as those who have learned about driving rules, which has caused many problems to the people.
Regarding the complaint under Section 120(b) of Laitumkhrah Case No. 134/27D which was registered on 28th July 2017 before the election under Section 120(b) 419/420/465/ /201 IPC and 66(d) of the IT Act for illegally operating a Fake Call Center on the premises of SS Net Com.
"“This allegation by the INC candidate has not only affected our dignity and honor but also the NPP candidate as well as the INC candidate. “Our longryngieng in front of the voters not only in Mawlai Constituency but in the state as a whole,” said the three in the complaint.
The KHNAM Leader also expressed the hope that next year, the Expert Committee will produce something and the Chief Secretary said that the Committee will invite everyone to discuss the issue. issue related to the Reservation Policy.
HNYM leaders on Tuesday said that Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh after meeting with her, said that she will visit the hospital on July
So far, 1400 villages have received 100 percent water supply in rural areas through the JJM. According to Bah Tongkhar, T.1,600 has been promised for the implementation of the JJM. JJM scheme in this state.
Shillong: The President of India has appointed Bah Hamarson Thangkhiew as the new Chief Justice of Meghalaya.
Along the way they were filled with joy and happiness until they reached the water.
Although many clubs have tried to sign him, the family and the Rynjah clan have decided to send Samborlang to the Minerva Football Academy at Punjab.
There are about 524 houses in Navi Mumbai that have been affected.
Germany is the country that planted this seed and it has been followed by others until today,” he concluded.
“We have also suggested to the Chairman not to ring video during the interview as this will allow the candidates to express themselves if they do not agree with the result.
Shillong, June 20: U Bithar Stone R Marak of the 4th MLP Battalion of Meghalaya has been arrested along with four others. They were arrested by the Assam Police from Patharkushi.
Police sources said that about three robbers, one of whom threw petrol on Das while the other burnt him.
At the same time, the Sports Club through the Inter-Dong Committee has honored Chesterpaul Lyngdoh who is one of the young players of Mawlangwir Sports Club and who is also a prominent player. not only in Meghalaya but in India as a whole.
The youngster will make his debut for the club on July 1,
The collapse of the Umpasu Bridge at Sunapyrdi village, near Sunapur, East Jaintia Hills District has increased with the passing of the days and this has disrupted the traffic on the National Highway , which includes many states.
“It is clear even when passing along the highway that there is newly mined coal, which has been spread on both sides of the road for tens of kilometers.
The training was completed by the trainees who were divided into different groups.
Nongpoh, March 16: The Deputy Commissioner (Ex), Ri-Bhoi District, has informed that all IMFL Retail Shops, Bars, Hotels, Bonded Warehouses, Bottling Units, Breweries, Distilleries, Country made Spirit shops, Outstills, Canteens and others others within the border of Ri Bhoi District will be closed on 23rd and 24th March 2023 as part of the celebration of Maha Navami and Dashami.
When he entered the Principal's room, he greeted him.
“The candidate we have given is not a coal trader or contractor but he is one who has given up his job because he wants to serve the people,” said the President.
and some of them threw away their little children.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shakliar Warjri, MLA of the constituency, said that he has a desire as a leader to do something for the constituency and this will be a happy day to lay the foundation stone for the construction of the The first stadium in the district.
If they hadn't received the blessings from the BJP leaders in Assam and Delhi, how could they have dared to offer bniat hati in advance when the hati was still in the 'lawbah' lawsan.
He informed the team that 11,432.00 kilometers of roads have been constructed with NEC funding in the North East.
To follow the accusations of others, to call the Prime Minister 'Prime Minister', will not enrich the language.
On the other hand, the Group said that after investigation, it has received clear information that these drugs are duplicate medicines or Non-Essential Drugs. Even the doctors are reluctant to issue prescriptions to the patients and it is for this reason that they have to spread the prescription without finding it without searching for the right places when they have finished without it. They cannot be returned to Manufacturing Companies or used by sick people.
Nongpoh: The Village Organization (VO) of 8 SHG's in Nar-Aang village, on Saturday, held a special celebration on the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the village organization. of the VO, in order to serve and bring about economic development in the village.
Shillong, Nailar 4: U Marki Mulieh MDC, has lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya against the illegal appointment of 79 employees of the Executive Committee of Jaintia District Council. Junior Engineer Grade-I, Grade-III and Grade-IV without public advertisement in the newspapers.
Bettin Marak, Rangbah Shnong of Nongspung A, said that the village is surprised and sad that for more than 40 years, no one has come to visit the shopkeepers. The KHADC has ordered the demolition of the shops of the residents, which may have something behind it.
Education is important and is a tool that cannot be destroyed by anyone and only education can shape a child to become the beneficiaries of society, said Ma Nujorki.
who loveth money, who loveth money.
Speaking on the occasion, FKJGP Rambrai Circle President Jistarland Lyngkhoi said that as young leaders, we should remember the great deeds of Syiem Tirot Singh.
By the end of the nomination day on 7th October, only Thomas, who has been an MLA for two terms and previously an MP of the Rajya Sabha, had come forward to file his nomination papers for the seat. election to elect a new Lamphang.
They also established a religion (Nia ba-im) in a way that protects the identity of the people and puts the Thawlang of the Iawbei, the counting of the kur, the counting of the kha and to know where the blood of the mother lives, and so on. It goes smoothly from one time to another.
In fact, they said that the age of the dam is 100 years and if it were not for the severe flooding it should have been completed by 2065 but due to the flooding it has dropped to
There are two remote pass port sizes.
Shillong, March 30: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Pooja Pandey has issued an order ban ban the mining of shyiap near the river in the entire district.
She also explained the symptoms of TB that should be taken for prevention such as fever for more than two months, fever, weight loss, loss of appetite and symptoms. you shall ring or breathe.
These products have been developed after thorough scientific research, and the ingredients and methods have been tested by pediatricians and dermatologists.
He reminded that at that time there were very few such cases because the HNLC had given a strong warning to those who committed such crimes by imprisoning them.
Nandeshwar, who was ill at the BSF camp, was admitted to the Civil Hospital on the 12th of this month, but was shifted to NEIGHRIMS on the 13th of this month and was tested positive. , on the 4th of November, where he was confirmed positive for covid
“In fact, there have been no complaints since the Hima Mylliem has issued this order but there are still a few kilos of cotton. no," he said.
These Sengs also expressed their determination to stand firmly for the rights and welfare of the Jaidbynriew they lead.
“I have received information that many people from Meghalaya who live on the border have registered their land in Assam despite having land titles from the Hima,” he said in reply to a question by the MLA. HSPDP candidate Bah KP Panngiang in the House on Tuesday.
He said that this Bill will help to improve the special section in education as at present there are no policies or laws in this regard but the Job Reservation Ploicy has been followed. If you have any complaint to the Court, this rule of education will be suspended.
“Now that I have just taken over this throne, we will have to meet with you from time to time, I will not say anything yet, we will speak later,” he said. do not submit all the documents relating to this matter.
Sarma also said that a Muslim can marry only one wife and not up to three and when they divorce, it should be according to the rules of law and not from there. he just said 'Talaq'.
In a statement, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger, said that two of the three men shot and beat the 18-year-old while another don bad this child.
Shillong, November 1: Prof Streamlet Dkhar, Dr Anita Panda, Dr Bikika Laloo, Mini Mon Laloo, SS Sweety Diengdoh, Alfidarie Khar Syntiew and Ibilian Syn Rem, Khasi intellectuals, have attended the ceremony. to the 11th AIPC International Congress held in Pataya and Bangkok from 24-29 July
The High Court has alleged that in fact, the coal in the state may be completely exhausted until the state government's plan can be implemented.
The Raid Nongumlong was headed by the Basan Nongneng Daloi, which included Ministers N Shanpru, Pa Tor and Nongneng Lyngdoh.
And that's why it's been modified.
Senior MPCC leaders including Dr. DD Lapang and Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma have called for a discussion and hearing on the allegation against the CEM of JHADC. The Congress party has violated the Constitution.
It's not like that.
He also alleged that the NPP-led government does not care about the local people, while the kharmetor who live in the motor area, the government has promised to build houses for them, not only to build houses, but also to build houses. they gave money for them.
“We have been able to do better in the implementation of various schemes of the central and state governments through cooperation, evaluation, determination and transparency in the processes,” he said.
This year Yash has been offered five new films and Ramayana is one of them.
“Reports say that many of the Assamese have gone to work in Andhra Pradesh, Delhi, Karnataka and Maharashtra,” the report said. , that it will make a final decision on the matter.
Speaking to reporters, the Lyngdoh of Muluk Lawkhla in Nongspung Hima, Bah Rosliland Jyrwa, admitted that those who complained to the Syiem were exploiters but there was nothing wrong with the Hima.
I have also said in the Legislative Assembly that this matter is still under the jurisdiction of the State Government”.
But she changed her mind and accepted it as usual.
It is necessary to increase the revenue collection for the Meghalaya Electric Vehicle Policy, 2021, which has amended the Assam Act No.IX of as adapted and amended by Meghalaya) Amendment Bill, 2021.
“According to the President of the Union, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, at least 300 employees of MCCL have been living without salary for months and the government has been providing assistance once every three months. .
Babu Birbor said the reason for leaving alone is that he does not want to disturb others, where they have left seven times in a row and that there has been a discussion at the table with the government, but unfortunately He decided to protest alone. Although he had no intention of speaking at the government table, he said he did not want to stay at home to see the government. The suffering of the children, however, to wait for death in front of the Secretariat.
“When there is a lot of goods, the demand is low and when there is a low demand, the price goes down but if there is a shortage of goods, the price goes up,” he said.
In East Garo Hills, nine persons have been confirmed positive after testing positive at Rongjeng market.
There are still many villages and townships in our country, where these kinds of writings do not reach, and when they reach, they do not read them.
The Executive Committee of the Jaiaw Pyllon Dorbar Shnong Lum Pyllon in the presence of the leaders of the Jaiaw Pyllon Dorbar Shnong held a meeting with the participation of Bah Ardent on the 24th of this month at the Conference Hall of Jaiaw Pyllon. the Pyllon Mountain.
The Photjaud Rangthong Village Church has now turned 72 years old since its inception in 1947, has 72 Christian families and about 450 Christian members.
This Whatsapp group was created by former Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and former Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, Bah Hispreachering Son Shylla on 3rd June,
“The incident at Kopli Dam is due to illegal coal mining in Meghalaya and Assam and if the government does not do anything, then there is a threat to the lives of the people. employees of the said electricity department".
On the part of JMB, JMB Chairman F War, JMB Executive Officer S Amse and JMB Assistant Engineer H Passah were present.
Many of the indigenous people earn their living by this activity to support their families and to meet the needs of the people when they build houses. as well as many constructions of the government in various departments.
The Minister also launched the Sex Sorted Semen AI Program and the project for the development of Local Non-Descript Cattle by breeding cows and Ongole cows. It is located in the state of Andhra Pradesh.
SHILLONG The 5th Inter Dong League of Nongtalang Mission Youth Club, Nongtalang, on Tuesday, 8th November, 2022 ended with the final match between Nongtalang Mission Youth Club. Nongtalang Khlachympa B.In the final match, no one could score until the end of the minute but in the end these teams had to end the match through Nongtalang Mission Youth Club beat Nongtalang Khlachympa B 8-7 in the penalty shootout.
"You say they are not good people who are afraid to steal and take land, especially us who live on the border, we are suffering," said the husband.
“When I called once, they said they had reached Mawkyrwat, when I called again, they said they had reached Mawkyrwat but it is sad that when I called again, they didn't even take their mobile,” he said.
Therefore, the following words are proposed:Surjingmut: means the sound of one's thought- OpinionSurmyllung: means the sound of one's thought- Poetry, LyricsSwar-ri or Suwari: means the sound of one's opinion. Background, backdropSpying: EspionageSymbud Myntri Rangbah: Deputy Chief Minister Deputy SpeakerSynroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: Synroptien: you have written a sentence that has not been written before- Editing, EditorTemsurlang: you have not written a sentence. OrchestraTher'tien thersur: the meaning of broadcasting- RadioThersur therdur: the meaning of broadcasting the sound in the air- BroadcastThewthik: the meaning of broadcasting - FocusThewborshit thewborkhriat: means the temperature or coldness of the environment or anything else- TemperatureThoh Khyrwang: means thewborshit thewborkhriat: Visual ArtContemporary Art, Modern ArtWriter: Author, WriterWriterWriter: means the style of art that is appropriate to the art. ArchitectureAccounting: means statistics- Statistics Foundation: means building for social use- ExamineThynron: means writing for the purpose of understanding- ExamineThynron: means Parched'Tienkaplang: means a collection of words that carry a thought- PhraseTienmyllung: means words or phrases created by the mind- PoetryTipthuh: means to know and understand things- RealiseThirnia: means DiscussionThrangtip: means curious to know something- Curiosity Ministry: means the Ministry of Public Funds, Pisajylla: means the collection of public funds for the implementation of society, country or state- Exchequer/TreasuryGolden umpyrdong: means sanctified water- Water Nectar: ​​means clean water- JellyWai ConclusionWeibriew: means to be alone and away from the crowd- IntrovertOi-na-shispah: means part of a hundred- PercentWerlang: means the convener- ConvenorIn addition to those who are creative, there are also There are no languages ​​that already exist in various villages, but there are no languages ​​to include in the Khasi language.
Sohphlang is a well-known plant in Nongthliew, Smit, Umtyngngar and other areas.
The Bangladesh troops made the remarks at a meeting held at Kadamtala, the BSF North Bengal Frontier Headquarters.
The Minister said that at the recent meeting of the MDA, some MLAs had given the same suggestion.
Speaking to media on the arrest of HNYF members in Umpling and Nongrah, HNYF President Blessed Dkhar said that the police arrested the 9 Four members of the party did not pass through the Dorbar Shnongs and came in a manner like thieves by taking pictures and without respecting even their relatives.
On this basis, I would like to point out that the President of India cannot simply remove the Khasi-Jaintia Hills from the Preamble of the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation, 1873 as announced by the Chief Minister in the Special Session. The application of Article 372 (2) violates the Constitution of India, that is, clause (3) of Article 372 prohibits the application of Article 372 (20) after Article 372 (2) came into force within three years of the commencement of the Constitution of India in
We have seen from time to time the behavior of the people of Assam and KAAC to fight in the areas where there is still a border dispute.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has also directed to deploy personnel from the Agriculture Department to inspect the condition of these villages and warned those who violate the rules and regulations. who are strong.
In a letter sent to the director, the UDP said that this has caused problems because some of the children live in areas without internet.
This reporter visited Sohra Civil Sub-Division where two constituencies have to register their names, Sohra and Shella constituencies. 6 candidates have already registered.
After reading a brief history of the school by Bah S Nongspung, former Secretary, followed by the opening ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the school by the chief guest.
The party won only 11 seats and lost from Tura to the BJP which is the hometown of (LP) Sangma its founder and the seat of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the MP from Tura to the Lok Sabha. .
There are also words that are not used in the same way that have been explained according to the requirements of the literature.
Because when you wear good character, blessings will flow from the right and left because everyone can put their trust," said the mother. "That's what you say," the father agreed. who more? Another thing is that he will continue to work with you,” suggested the mother. “Why does that create trouble?” The mother asked her intelligence. “It doesn't create, but you have to do it, mother,” replied the father. “Your work or our work will not succeed. When we get an employee who works honestly, tells the truth and doesn't cheat.
“On the other hand, we strongly condemn the arrival of the 11th Gorkha Regiment because there is no intention for them to come and we question where they got the order to come to this place,” he said.
The mother drowned while swimming in the Umngi River on 5th November 2015, near Phlangwanbroi village, South West Khasi Hills District.
“As far as we know, they are still in the party,” said Dr Jemino.
The two-day tournament was held at the JN Indoor Stadium, Polo Ground and was organized by the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) with the support of the State Government.
In a letter signed by President Enrico D Pasi and General Secretary Dalangki Suiam, the buyers said that the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills have not benefited the indigenous people but have caused losses to the dewbilat factories. government.
Many national and international competitions have also been held at the venue.
Ri-bhoi District Cricket Association (EGH) won the MCA U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 on Saturday.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court today said it would be in the interest of all to hand over to the CBI to investigate the continuation of coal mining. beaiñ in the state.
“In this age when the land is becoming scarce and crowded, the action of the Pynshongkhla VEC is a great example for others,” he said. in which the stakeholders have a collaborative effort to bring about economic development and welfare of the villagers".
Jebuni said: “He has been a Wahadadar for about 27 years and he knows well that Respondent No.1, Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy, is a Khasi from War Shella and that the Khasi from War Shella do not don “Type.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the state government has not yet received a letter from the central government. Students have been released to take this examination.
In the evening, 5,000 new cases were reported, bringing the total number of cases to more than 4 lakh.
Speaking on the occasion, DE Pariat recalled the specialness of this day and urged the members to take responsibility in doing good deeds for the society of the country and the nation. .
The number of cases is reported to be increasing every day in Brazil.
On the other hand, the Union of Four Villages will continue to oppose according to the letters written to the Special Officer dated 14/4/2015, 8/7/2014 and 2/9/2 In this letter they will testify that they will continue to stand up and demand against the sale of tongdoh in this river.
He said that in the report of the GSI, it has been stated that a new bridge can be built farther away from the existing dam.
The General Secretary of FKJGP, Bah Shanlang Diengdoh, was the chief guest in the presence of the President, Bluetisha Nongbet. and other members of this Association or group of people with disabilities from Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to the media, these candidates expressed their confidence as candidates and who are confident that they will reach the goal of victory in this election.
In one of his speeches, Prestone said that the MLAs in the opposition cannot do anything for their constituency with T.1 crore per annum which is the share of each MLA. MLAs and MDCs cannot do anything with only T.30 lakh per annum which is the share of each MDC. The government has planned to introduce T.3 tyngka this year but nothing has been implemented yet.
“For the sake of the country, we will prepare the sword and the stieh in the shape of a khulom to fight to the court to protect the land of Hynniewtrep.
Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune are farther away from the Sun and are much stronger than our Earth.
He said that the allegation that has emerged now is that the affairs of the state are being run by officers; This is because the people who have been entrusted with power by the people have no knowledge.
From contract workers to security guards, private teachers and others are allowed to be harassed by employers.
However, the Minister of DCA, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is a Congress MDC and MLA, was not present at the meeting.
Only those who are the leaders of the household, or the others, take advantage.
They also said that the Congress party has not yet failed in the state as other parties have threatened but has also nominated candidates from all 60 constituencies of Meghalaya with new faces. in the 2023 elections.
Speeches were also delivered by the MLA of Sohra, Bah T.Chyne, who reminded that for three years now, Sohra has not received a single small scheme from the MP who won the election in .
West Garo Hills has the highest number of cases with 85 cases, followed by East Khasi Hills with 63 cases and 18 cases from Ri Bhoi.
At the same time, Shillong received 58.0mm of rainfall while Umiam received 46.0mm.
They say that eating this fruit warms the body.
Media reports said ISIS has now strengthened its operations by alliances with Iraqi jihadis and last month killed up to 500 people alone. and he took the city of Ramadi.
From the house of the couple, police seized 10 boxes of soap containing 140.02 grams of heroin and necessary documents.
At present, the Test series between India and England is drawn 1-1 with three matches left, with the third Test to be played in Rajkot on Friday, 15th June.
Ronald S Sangma is a retired MCS officer of the Meghalaya government.
He said that according to the SDO of MEeCL office, Pynursla, the power outage for the area is from 9 AM to 12 PM and from 7PM to 8PM. Most of the lights were turned off from 9AM and turned on at 12 PM, then at 1PM and turned off until 3PM. Evanfield said it was turned off again at 5PM and turned off at 7PM.
The ban will be in force for 15 days until action is taken to resolve the issue.
Zenith Sangma, who is also Vice President of the All India Trinamool Congress, Meghalaya Unit, was accompanied by members of the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress.
“We have expressed our dissatisfaction with this action of the MTDC and we don't want this action of the various offices or at MTDC or anywhere else to extend the service of the people who have retired from the MTDC. HYC General Secretary Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said in an interview with the media.
He said that political violence has increased in Sikkim since the Sikkim Krantikari Morcha (SKM) came to power in 2019 and this has led to the death of Sikkim. This is a great problem for the residents of this state.
The number of new cases has risen to 2,619, an increase of 8 percent from the previous 24 hours, when there were 2,433 cases.
The body of Rishanlang Swer was found from the river at about 7-8 pm and the funeral service was held on Friday.
Although the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has denied this, the truth of what Dr Celestine has said is something that we have to ask as citizens.
“Suddenly, the government has taken away this right from the Church, which is using the Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872 properly and this is a burden on Christian children, especially those who are in the Constitution of the State, who are only members of the households.
The three foreigners were identified as Satyander Saurav, 29, Srinjoy Mukherjee, 31 and Sauman Das, from this shot.
He also congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Shohshrieh for taking the initiative to recognize the government employees and said that it is through their hard work that they will be able to reach the goal of victory and reap the harvest. sweet.
On the occasion, officers from the Labor Department of Ribhoi District gave a public explanation on the Child Labor Act and a street play was performed by the students of Martin Luther Christian University. Shillong on the issue of illegal employment of children.
The employees of GVK EMRI-108 under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) have started an indefinite strike since the 18th of this month and it is still ongoing.
“Even in a marriage, there may be divorce after 7 years and here the term is only five years, so I don't think there is a place for that divorce,” he said.
Ki doh : You don't have a lot of tyrosine.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtynger, said that after receiving a complaint from the Deputy Commissioner, they have registered a complaint at Sardar Police Station. Case number 159(7) 2020.
Where else do the political parties have the intention to give tickets without being able to control and convince the parties who do not respect the discipline of the party?
This has required a review of the strength of the Sixth Schedule to what extent it has been able to maintain the ownership of land as it has been seen that the Banemi Act of the government is stronger than the Sixth Schedule.
However, the Congress is also strong and so is the UDP because it has the support of MLA Bah Jemino Mawthoh.
On the other hand, the Department of Horticulture has acknowledged that the production of sohniamtra in recent years has declined significantly due to the lack of sohniamtra planting and other diseases.
At the same time, the Asst Commissioner said that there are many food shops, such as tea shops, restaurants which the department has found during its regular inspections around Shillong.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya during the tenure of Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has passed a resolution requesting the Government of India to exempt the implementation of the MMDR Act in the State by which applies Paragraph 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
However, getting the right prices for their produce remains a major challenge for many farmers due to the curfew and the impact on the economy in the region and the country.
He said the AITC has not yet gained the trust of the people of Meghalaya.
This time, the winners of the Grand Finale of the India Talent Fight will be announced on TV.
I also suggest that there should be special programs on culture for children across the country so that they can love and respect each other,” he said during his visit to the Museum in Israel. He said that the government has sent children to visit the museum so that they can understand the plight of the Jews.
In case the market-price of a commodity rises, the government releases some portion of this commodity from the buffer stock to fill the markets and bring its market-price back down.
We welcome and we are ready to respond and we have not hesitated but if they start we are not blind and deaf,” said the statement.
BLT Director Jitendra Dkhar together with Agnes Kharshiing (Social Activities) and Hasina Kharbih (NGO IMPULSE) on 22nd July 2019 came to clarify the allegation of Venetta Kharsyntiew and lodged a complaint. Theodore Moallem has been arrested for allegedly raping Venetta Kharsyntiew.
With these victories, Sib Singh HSS and St Peter's HSS, will now prepare for the State Level, which will be held soon in Shillong.
RMS: On behalf of our community, we would like to thank you for your encouragement to Batei.
Dr War said that the testing of those who have been quarantined at home will be resumed after 10 days.
“The traffic jam in Khyndailad and Motphran is not due to local taxis, but because there are many private vehicles as the city also has an area of ​​10 square kilometers,” he said.
However, when our women learn to keep their culture in marriage, remember that other nations don't know how to count us because they know that we are standing on our own foundation.
Psalm 148 .
Apart from the Speaker and the Deputy Chairman , there were only 13 ruling MDCs in the House while the opposition MDCs left the House immediately .
He said that the party should not be angry with them but has overinflated them and should put the vendors elsewhere to avoid the inconvenience of the people.
Many things I have learned from Bah Sumar about journalism and one thing I have understood well from him is that all journalists can be journalists, but not all reporters need to be journalists ( all journalists can be reporters, but not all reporters are required to be journalists).
On the other hand, the Minister promised to the KSU that he will take action and soon he will send the engineers of the department to inspect these roads.
Speaking to reporters, an elderly man who witnessed the incident, said that at first he didn't think because he thought it was just a landslide. The heavy rainfall at night but what surprised him most was when he went to the garden he found that almost all the plants even the outside equipment such as cars were covered with snow. He said that this kind of colorful writing has caused him to worry that it will affect his health or the lack of water.
In a statement, the President of the BJP Pynursla Mandal, Bah J. Lyngdoh, has urged the BJP supporters to work hard to win the election.
Besides, he is also a smart and stingy person to visit the Dorbar Shnongs to meet with the leaders for the smooth running of the Khaddar administration. he was released on 7 October
After this, (L) Rev. Fr.Mathew Das will be buried at St Jude's Prayer Tower, Kajalgaon from 2 pm, while the bodies of three Sisters will be buried at the cemetery. of St. Paul's Pastoral Center, Ranggia from 10 am.
The most common cause of COVID-19 is mucormycosis; aspergillosis and candida.
In the first phase, KHADC has received T.15 crore, GHADC T.13.60 crore and JHADC T.5.10 crore.
HM Shangpliang is a man who has worked hard to elect VH Pala as MP, but when Pala was appointed as President of the MPCC, he learned that the The party will not give you a ticket from Mawsynram.
During the programme, the Chief Guest also launched a Music Video on TB which contains news related to preaching and explanation on the prevention and treatment of TB.
A source from the National Investigation Agency said that they have received information that some people have been suspected of involvement in conspiracy with foreign insurgents. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in his speech, spoke about many issues related to the environment including the damage caused by many reasons including the rapid growth of the environment. He also stressed on the fact that environmental protection is not a one-day job but requires the cooperation and hard work of all the people in everyday life. day through your works.
"“So far there have been only six foreign runners, all from Kenya and runners from all over India.
“It doesn't mean that the NPP is also the TMC but I want everyone from any party to come and support me as the NPP candidate to win a glorious victory”.
Mr. Glistering Dhar, MCS, Assistant Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District Shillong will serve as Assistant Commissioner, Pynursla (Civil) SubDivision, Pynursla.
They said that the VIP gallery will benefit the village, especially the youth, as they are now free from building siej and covering with tyrpal when there are sports events in the village. you field.
The church invites all the youths from the press bytery who are here and those who are new to Shillong to attend this meeting which will be a welcome to those who are new.
From children to adults, they came together to clean up the streets of the village and all the streams including the Lynter, Pynlang, Pomdngiem and Jordan rivers.
However, this is another attempt by the KHADC to surprise the foreigners and I am confident that it will bring about a change to revive the trade of heritage as the KHADC has agreed that the jobs of the Khasi will be removed. This is the hope of the unemployed youth to regain their income from foreigners as the Council has encouraged and supported them. to support them.
The torch will be carried around 75 cities within 40 days before the final to be held at Mahabalipuram near Chennai.
According to reports, the President of HANM Women, Kong Bety Jyrwa, on Tuesday evening at 2:15 pm, she received a complaint from a man named Bah Khlain Rangdakhew while they were on their way. Vash Ali Restaurant on Thana Road, along with his wife and son, suddenly found a shniuh and a knife in the food.
However, the union is surprised to see that the department has also ordered the shops to give red color to those who sell beef and white to those who sell pork. to hide the meat through the iit iong so that tourist authorities cannot see it.
EM. If there are really students who have surrendered, the government should think again and take a security deposit according to the price of the seat. that the money of the people should not be wasted.
Agartala, July 9: Within two months, Tripura will receive a lot of rice, which is very low in transportation cost, because the foodgrains of the state will be transported by ship. which was traveling from Bangladesh to Agartala.
Aashish also played well and scored 34 runs for the team in the first innings.
Shillong: Thangbuli Circle and Nongtalang Circle have reached the final of the 7th Amlarem Constituency Cup sponsored by the local MLA of the constituency, Lahkmen Rymbui.
According to the KSU leaders, there are about 50 or 60 students who have passed from this school but they have faced difficulties when they go to look for jobs because no one recognizes this school. place of study.
The purpose of this tournament is to select the best players to represent the State in the National Championship and Pro Fight to be held by the United Muay Thai Association of India from 25th to 30th June. -mang at Lakshimibai National Institute of Physical Education in Sonapur, Assam.
“If the government led by Conrad K Sangma approves this proposal to help the Congress party work together, through the inclusion of Congress MLAs in various committees to look after the issue, I hope that these activities will bring good to the people of the State”.
The residents also requested MeECL not to count the electricity bill for the month of April.
Other children who passed with her at that time were Babu Mondon Bareh, Satonmen Blah, Dwelsimon and Sanimon, the mother of Aida Lyngwa.
The purpose of this scheme is to support self-employment and self-sufficiency.
“We cannot say the truth after winning the election this year that there has been a complaint from other parties on this issue but we have decided in this CEC and if we think only for ourselves, MLA, we have been able to join the NPP without bringing the entire PDF but we respect all the members and on our part whatever we do we will express them and today we have taken “I have decided to join the NPP party,” he added.
The injured were initially taken to Bhoirymbong CHC for treatment, but as the injuries worsened, they were shifted to Civil Hospital Shillong, from Bhoirymbong CHC. the role of more effective access to healthcare.
During the meeting, the members of the Dorbar Shnong of Nongtalang also handed over a letter to the Minister to express their views on the use of the weighbridge to weigh the coal produced from Sohkha village before being transported to Bangladesh.
Fatima Dkhar of Nangbah Parish won the women's category and Claminus Biam of Barato Parish won the men's category.
Members of the AASU from Jorhat, visited Nagajanka, where the people of Nagaland, have set up camp in the Dissoi Valley Reserve Forest, on 10th November Jorhat Forest Division and this has led to clashes between the two border states.
Shillong, June 16: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has urged the Nepalis to leave the country immediately.
Rangbah Kur and residents, along with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, were present at this visit in order to create opportunities for the preservation and improvement of this ancestral burial ground. There were 12 tribes, such as Shadap, Makdoh, Sten, Masharing, Saring, and other tribes.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan was the Chief Guest and was attended by the leaders of the group as well as religious leaders including Bishop P.Lyngdoh, Father Richard Majaw, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh, Naba Bhattacharjee, Dr. Omarlin Kyndiah and others.
According to a statement issued by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the water level in the Umïam Dam has been rising due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days and months. While climbing, they had to release the water through the high bridge at Umïam.
Thank you to all the Ministers in various departments of the State Government who have spoken in Khasi.
He gave the example of the teachings of Jesus, Mother Teresa who taught without hesitation in their lives.
The speakers also expressed their gratitude that Ma Vincent Pala as MP in these four terms has been able to stand for Meghalaya especially for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat through his ability to negotiate with Shillong PS to request for various development projects to improve the villages in Shillong PS who need a person who is able to speak and work in Parliament to continue and come back as MP from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
The HNLC insists that the Hindu government has violated the standstill agreement which should have lasted for about two years.
All these events reveal the hand of God so that people may know the power of His hand. by U Blei himself.
When asked how many shyiap workers have been affected by the government's order, he said that there are about 5000 shyiap workers except for others who have been affected such as shops which have been closed. now.
North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, who belongs to the Voice of the People Party (VPP), has given the Meghalaya government until 12th June to evacuate the residents of Harijan Colony.
Speaking to media after the blood donation, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni said that the purpose of the blood donation is to celebrate World Blood Donors Day and especially to give lives to people. those who are sick and need blood urgently.
The FKJGP has distributed these food items to these villages as a sign of support to the families who have been affected by the fight against COVID-1
In this article I will get to the basics now.
If anyone does not distribute or sells more than the stipulated price, please immediately send a complaint to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem Civil Sub-Division by providing their names and the town so that penalties can be taken.
When asked, she said, “We demand that the Government should not protect us by setting the wages and implementing the Welfare Board.
He said that this is only the first job if the government does not take action against this they will take other stronger measures because this is the life and death of the future of the youth. .
There have been 60,974 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) has taken four resolutions including the demand from the Central Government to introduce an Official Bill to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. The Constitution of the country in the next session of Parliament.
We will not rest and we will continue to monitor this issue,” said Bah Khongsya.
However, the goal is to fall into the middle of the first century and to explain and expose the foundations on which the Church or the New Society stood in that age.
The seized trees are worth T.22 lakh.
Gurjit Singh said that the State Government should identify a recognized place for the resettlement of the Harijans or Mawlong Market.
The MPUF has been on hunger strike to protest against the dismissal of the DC and the district authorities have gone on hunger strike.
Dr War said that as he is a member of the health department and he knows and understands that his actions can cause harm to others especially to children, children and women. people who have lost their lives.
A group of farmer leaders from various groups in the past few days have announced that the Dalal will continue to inspect the illegally built houses during the protest known as ' morcha' from 5th July to protest against water supply problems and environmental pollution.
During the meeting, they agreed to take measures to protect Mawphlang from destruction such as quarrying and others.
According to the testimony of passengers, the woman suffered severe head injuries and was unconscious.
However, when the post-mortem was conducted at Nongpoh Civil Hospital the next day, it was found that the bullet entered the left side of the skull and came out of the middle of the head from behind. .
THESE ARE SOME OF THE THINGS YOU NEED TO DO AFTER RECOVERING FROM COVID-1
Lakshwadeep has only two victims, he said.
The reason why the Supreme Court in the case “Indra Sawhney vs Union of India” has ruled that the word “adequate representation” does not necessarily mean that reservation must be based on paid that by this time, the share of SCs was 15% and STs 7.5% which is a total of 22.5%.
England, Scotland and Wales have lost 887 lives today, bringing the death toll to 7,9
According to Bah Allan West, Chairman of the CSC, the site is located at Mawkyrdup, which is located on a hilly area on the road to Kshaid Daiñthlen. including the equipment and other requirements have been handed over to skilled and experienced persons along with the preparation of the requirements or Detailed Project Report (DPR) to be sent to the authorities. who should contribute funds for this Centre.
No gatherings are allowed and the authorities have been directed to arrange for the entry and exit of their religious groups.
The Laitlyting Lyngkyrdem Youth Football Team has qualified for the final of the IV UUP Invitation Football Tournament 2023 after beating Iewduh SC 1-0 The meeting was held at UUP SC Urksew.
The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that his party has put forward two demands before the Government and that is the implementation of it and if that is not the case it should not be accepted. to the MRSSA Amended Bill
When we look at Meghalaya, we see that this tourism industry is very promising as our neighboring states like Sikkim, Assam and West Bengal have grown more and more. It is no longer difficult for foreign or domestic tourists to reach our state.
He also promised that if the Congress gets to power in Meghalaya, all these problems will end.
Mary GT Sangma MPS, 2nd Commandant of MLP Battalion, has been appointed as Commander of 6th MLP Battalion.
More than 5,000 people have been rescued in the past six days during the rescue operation. joining the rest of the state due to continued flooding.
The decision of the meeting, before leaving separately, was that the Seng Saiñ Hima within the MDA should discuss separately to discuss this issue (to nominate only one candidate). MP) and the outcome of this meeting, will be taken to the general meeting of the MDA members. The reason for this is that many of the MDA members who attended the meeting on 29/10/2 They said that they cannot say or criticize anything on this issue, because they should have consulted and thought carefully with their respective parties and they will bring a decision after 10 months. In politics, the parties themselves want to be more visible to the party and the people and when the elections come, their spirit, dik dik, wants to stand for their own. those of candidates.
Banteidor Lyngdoh or Paidang is a former member of the HNLC who was arrested but did not return to the party after his release from jail.
Brightstarwel said this while talking to reporters at the Civil Hospital Shillong, where he came to condole with the relatives of Larisa Ïawrot who are waiting for the post mortem.
“The story is very long, and I will tell you one thing, we have already filed the affidavit three times and at that time the Meghalaya High Court (ha the previous order) stated that you must implement the Roster System from
Nongstoin, Lber 19: The KSU Porkhadoh Area Unit led by President Westerbose Diengngan and members of the KSU Maweit Area Unit led by Caldinus Riangshiang and members of both the units, led by Samla Caldinus Riangshiang and members of both the units, led by Samla Westerbose Diengngan. to protect foreigners who come to work in the Transportation.
Hek said that in the areas under Dangar PHC, there are 5 cases, 3 cases have recovered and 2 cases are in isolation at home.
Of course, we need infrastructure, but most of the time they (Government) are quick to work on it because perhaps that is where it is easier to get food.
" (Abridged from the book Re-Claiming the Bible for a Non-Religious World, by Shelby Spong).
The meeting was conducted by KSU President Chanbor War.
The MDCs to contest from the NPP include two women executive members of KHADC, Grace Kharpuri from Shella and Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong from Nongpoh.
Police also recovered 35 boxes, a mobile phone and T.6,310/- from him.
The Pharisees were ambitious not helpful, not merciful.
The treatment of hernia has been successful and has brought joy to all the relatives of the child and the joy of the doctors and staff of the hospital that they have reaped the fruits of victory.
However, due to the lack of position of the players behind Mawlangsu SC, Tyllilang scored four more goals in the second half of the final. Tyllilang A scored 5-2 goals in the second half.
When this happens, who is responsible and the clear answer is that those who kill are responsible and not those who are accused.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Sikkim, Prem Singh Tamang on Friday inaugurated the North East Food Show (NEFS) at Polo Ground, Shillong. In the presence of the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh and the Minister of Tourism, Sikkim, Bidu Singh Panth.
From Ashuganj, it will be transported to Tripura by road,” said the Tripura government official.
The awareness meeting was conducted by Niwanka L.Shylla Zonal Supervisor of the LWS Project of SURE. The Headmaster of the School HK Singh expressed his gratitude to SURE for conducting this public awareness campaign inside the school and hoped that the students will benefit greatly from this programme.
This sudden death has shocked again as the people of Garo Hills have gone to work without any protective measures.
The information has been sent to the Dolloi of Amwi District, a copy to the Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, the Superintendent of Police WJHD, the BDO of Thadlaskeiñ Block WJHD, the Executive Engineer PHE, Jowai. MEECL, Jowai, Revenue Officer and Land Record and Settlement Officer of JHADC, Local MDC and all the Heads of Departments of JHADC. required documentation.
On this occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya said that he has informed the Union Minister who has visited Shillong in recent days, that the people of this state have shown well in the border security and as well as in the field of football.
Therefore, there will be political parties who, when they know that their MLAs will not win, will have to contest with others to contest against other political parties in 2023,” said Dr Mukul.
Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC Umsning, who is also the EM of KHADC, Shillong, was the chief guest and opened the training to the farmers from 19 villages of the district.
Replying to a question by the Opposition Member of Parliament, Bah Celestine Lyngdoh, who wanted to know about the condition of the roads constructed by the PWD, Prestone said: He said that the construction of rural roads under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana scheme, the PWD follows the guidelines of the Rural Road Manual, 2002 (SP-20) of the Indian Road Congress.
Clifford Marak's wife Kalpana D Sangma has confirmed that four or five candidates will contest from the constituency. is one of the candidates who will contest the election.
He said the doctor was tested positive on 29th November and was immediately taken to the Corona Care Center from his residence.
From the Traditional Religion The meeting was led by Bah Devistone Swer, General Secretary of Seng Khihlang and other members.
The employees of Meghalaya Cements Limited (Topcem) with the support of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh have demanded that the company should immediately withdraw. Within 24 hours, two foreign workers who incited the police to bomb the people at a public hearing in Thangskai.
In 2011, the FSI released a report showing that Meghalaya has lost up to 45 sq.km of forest area.
The teachers of the Meghalaya SSA Schools Association (MSSASA) have expressed their strong opposition to the Minister of Education, Ma Rymbui, who has warned that the government will take strict action against the Managing Committees. If this happens, the teachers do not immediately return to their schools.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Income Tax Department said that in fact, the Khasi and Garo people living in the state have many rich people who should have paid the Income Tax. There is a law that exempts them, but they are only subject to the Sale Tax.
This was announced by the IG of Police, Davis R. Marak, in the presence of the DGP.
Lumiawmuchai has 7 points, Sohmynting 2 points and Sabahmuswang 1 point.
It is only after hearing the views of the political parties, civil society and all stakeholders that the goal of taking a consensus decision will be reached.
In the semi final, Lajong beat SAIL, Bokaro 4-0
“This final draft has not been based on our wishes or suggestions,” said the employees, who said there are about 2,000 of these employees in Meghalaya.
The committee said that the coal is now clean and therefore, the coal from the coal mines will not be sufficient and therefore, on this issue, the coal will be found by the coal mines. coal content per cubic meter x 0.88, which converted the measurement to dry coal.
Jha was arrested on 22nd June this year from his village in Bihar after he was found to have given fake syrnod to students of CMJ University.
Shillong, July 28: “The statement by Lok Sabha MP Bah Vincent Pala through the media that the Seng Bhalang are the pillars of development in the state is unfounded.
The MLA who is a servant of the people should take action on this demand so that there will be no more such differences of opinion within the district and the area as a whole.
The body was found by his wife from Chellenga Dhalai District, Tripura.
The State has witnessed that in the past 24 hours, only one new case has been confirmed.
He said that 3 lakh shelters have been constructed under the Swachh Bharat Mission (Grameen), nearly 2 lakh households have been allocated under the PM Awas Yojana and about 1.88 lakh households are in rural areas. .
Khliehriat, July 13: U Bah Arkijuh Dkhar, from East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed his concern over the non-change in the fare in East Jaintia Hills District which has been increased since the time of covid-1 , on this occasion, the youth has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District.
Choudhary scored 1/48 runs.
Through this training, the traffic police of Nongpoh Police Station, have trained not only these children, but also the adults, by saying that equally when they intend to work From one side of the road to the other, they shall not use the Zebra Crossing Line or the places where the line is designated for use by persons who intend to cross the road.
Two goals were scored by Ibatyngkai Nongsiej (16 & 41), Ineshabanbet Diengdoh (8 & 28) and Anisha D. Sangma (37 & 50).
The seizure came after the confession of the suspects who were arrested and led the police to conduct a raid on the house.
In GHADC, the employees have not received their salaries for many years and this has angered them.
At the meeting to elect the new leaders of the party, the party members elected Henry T Nongrum as President Rayonald Kharkamni as Working President, Stoinly Syngkli as Working President and Konin as Working President. Ingti was appointed as Vice President, Bishar Tmung, Elphost Shadap and Perly Ronghang as General Secretaries.
“There we will be able to express our views and give our opinions.
The Word of God says – “And you, being dead in your sins and the uncircumcision of your flesh, hath he quickened together with him, having forgiven us all our trespasses; having blotted out the bond written in ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us: that stood opposed to us).
Besides demanding the release of salaries, the MSSASA leaders demanded that the Government should increase the salaries of Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) teachers and suggested allocating more funds for the SSA schools in Meghalaya.
The death toll has risen to 2,66,207 with 3,890, the health ministry said.
The case was lodged by Vinay Kumar, Assistant Commandant Coy Comdr D Coy, 30 Bn BSF, on 10th October 2018, when he arrested a Bangladeshi, who was walking near IB, near Mawpud No. 1275 and this is Ranjeet Namosudro (26).
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 29: Sohphlang is one of the crops that the people of West Khasi Hills and the residents of the village used to cultivate in the past years but these days the cultivation of sohphlang has started to decrease. good.
He said that the non-release of PMAY money to the beneficiaries just because it has Modi's picture on the allegation that the BJP is trying to win votes is an unfounded allegation and misinformation. They have wrongly informed the beneficiaries that Modi has violated their rights and only if they vote for the NPP will the money be released.
The JHADC has passed the Bill to increase the salaries of the MDCs of the Council on 28th November this year but it is still pending without the approval of the Governor.
He said that there are some works that this Seng has done which are better than the work of other Sengs which have been in existence for a long time.
On the part of the president of the Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri, Bah Hambert Rani, he congratulated all the participants, office bearers and all those involved in the successful and smooth running of the Winter Games
In an unexpected incident on the 7th of this month, a man has lost his life after his vehicle caught fire on the Wahiajer-road. Dandelion.
Indeed, hospitals, whether large or small, need improvement especially in the care of poor mothers and newborns.
They shall store flammable materials in a separate container and build stairs or shelters with non-combustible materials.
Not only the Producer's Group scheme, many of them said that even the YESS Scheme, which was launched by the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, many of them have applied but have not received it.
According to the decision of the General Floor at the meeting, the new Leaders were elected for the term 2021-2
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the State Government will consider the order of the High Court and take the necessary measures.
Jagatsing Engti, who has served three terms as MLA from Bokajan Constituency, has served in the constituency from 1996-2
"After he missed the last two Tests, the board stated "that there are unavoidable reasons and he needs to be with his family.
(d) Many leaders teach falsely even baptism.
Furthermore, in this age of communication has become increasingly easier through the advent of mobile phones – It is through the invention of John F. Mitchell and Martin Cooper (1973) that the present generation has become easier to communicate with. choose the fruit of these types of mobile phones.
In Gujarat, the BJP has claimed to be the home state of Modi and Amit Shah.
Hindu religious leader Jagadguru Paramhans Acharya Maharaj has demanded that India be declared a Hindu country on March 2, the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
urupang.com will follow this news.
There are no traditional religions, which, when they do or decide to do anything, ask for permission from God.
Speaking on the occasion, Fenela, who has been invited by the Assam government to be a member of the Boundary Commission to settle the border with Meghalaya, said, “I don't want to join the party by merely thinking but I want to “If it works, I can think of joining the BJP”.
She is a mother who cares for and protects her children.
Earlier, the Additional Chief Secretary, Bah Barkos P. Warjri said that those who have completed the training will have the skills to serve the people of the state.
Prestone said that the power now depends on the decision of the HNLC and the government is now waiting for their decision to move forward with the peace talks.
About 30 children of an ashram school in Bhandara district of eastern Maharashtra have been taken to hospital after they were suspected of suffering from food poisoning, a police chief said today. day.
The Seng said it also understands that all the waste from the production of the new plant will cause more pollution than what is happening now where the water wells are no longer suitable for use.
Other speakers were ML Pyrtuh, General Secretary Village and Ebormi Langshiang.
BJP MDC from Tura Bernard N Marak said that making Tura the capital of the state during the rainy season was promised 50 years ago when the state was independent. it has also joined the peace pact signed with the Central Government 12 years ago.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 35 kgs per household at the price of T.3 per kilo.
After the arrest, the Union on 27th November announced that it will ban the supply of oil to the state.
When asked whether he will contest from Shillong, Hek said he cannot decide on this issue as it all depends on the decision of the leaders in Delhi to take the final decision.
The union is surprised how the council without calling a tender has awarded this job to people who may not have any connection with the leaders.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities, Bah RL Blah, said that the lock-up of the houses by the Metor drivers during the survey by the Municipal shows that they are persons residing illegally in the area.
Riphi O Shylla scored a hat-trick for 7 Wasa United to win the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA). WJDSA).
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Sohra Youth Federation (SYF) on Tuesday expressed its strong opposition to the NGT's ban on coal mining. region.
“They don't have time and that's why even the programs of the CPA have been shortened and it has been ordered that the programs will start after 12:25 pm,” he said.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen to 1,035 in a day, with the death toll rising to
Shillong, Jymmang 9: The Division Bench of the Supreme Court has ordered the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to expedite the process of banning coal mining in the state. .
According to the FIR lodged by the sister of Princy Sohthiang, her brother was returning from his workplace in Mawshabuit and walking on foot from Them ïew Mawlong.
The Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong today donated 100,000 rupees to the Chief Minister Relief Fund for the fight against COVID-1 .
Shillong, Nailar 21 : The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) has launched its efforts to identify the talents of children in the field of cricket. to showcase their sporting talents.
This is a book containing articles and contributions from all parts of the A-WEB group. A-WEB is the largest group of election monitoring groups around the world.
There is no exact calculation of how to use government funds.
Umrasong scored 5-4 on penalties in the aggregate.
There are 10 schools, Lawse Govt.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The MPDA Act (MPDA) has been at the forefront of the investigation after the arrest of a person.
However, it was said that this was only the journey of the ship and it happened suddenly on that day after the ceasefire of the Chinese military in the past few days.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 11: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, has declared a Dry Day across the South West. Khasi Hills District on the 15th of July, 2023 in connection with the celebration of Independence Day.
It is learned that after doing so, he was in a state of depression and had no intention of committing suicide.
In these days, the level of literacy, which we call education, is terrible.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary of Mynkrem Village Council, Bah Hesperly Khyriem, said that the office of DI School Jowai has not conducted the examination for the post of Asst LP Teacher in the village. Mynkrem Gov't LP School.
Speaking on politics, he said that the opposition parties have often said before the last elections that the Congress will not come to power but has been able to rule alone.
Ardent said.
“If the government cannot release the money, the time will come when people will not trust us anymore,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Juniorika Lyngdoh, daughter of (late) Mawlynnai Nongbri and (late) Meris Lyngdoh Nongum, received her PhD from North-Eastern Hill University on the subject of "Design and Analysis of Bio-inspired Secure for Self Organizing Networks" under the supervision of Professor Dr. Hemanta Kumar Kalita (Supervisor) and Professor Dr. Md.I Hussain (Joint Supervisor).
Regarding the marketing of sohsaw, former sordar of Mawkamoit, Bah Grossful Parïong, said that in these days when the sohsaw harvesting season has started, farmers can produce about two to three Mahindra pickups. every day and the price reaches 40 to 45 tyngka per kilo from Mawkamoit.
On the other hand, the Association has urged that these paia should be removed immediately as it is a narrow road and has dismissed the three mothers who used to sell in this area. .
Shillong, Naitung 18: U Bah Leston Wanswett, candidate from Shella constituency, will contest the 2018 MLA election from the Congress party.
The office bearers of the Mihmyntdu Unit are President Samla Heimonmiki Ryngkhlem, Vice President Samla Dabiangki Sumer, General Secretary Samla Evangelist Shylla, Assistant Secretary Samla Idari Kynjai Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Samla Idari Kynjai Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Samla Pynyoolad Samla. Armiki Kapasan, Asst.Education Secretary Samla Ewan Phawa, Sport Secretary Samla Budmiki Chyrmang, Asst.Sport Secretary Samla Rangkit bok Chyrmang, Disciplinary Secretary: Hamram Lyngdoh, Asst Disciplinary Secretary: Sumar Dkhar, Information Secretary: Embok Kyndait, Asst:information Secretary Samla. Dayoo Lhuid with 20 members.
The CM said that about 80 to 85 percent of the employees in these two hotels are locals.
Other speakers on the occasion were Emeral Langte, Thanbor, Cornilius Nongbri, Working President of UDP Ranikor Circle, C. Syiemlieh from the office of BDO Ranikor C&RD Block, Bah Alfon. Kharryja and from the Minister of Village Council, Bah Iktiar Langte.
He said that now it has been seen that as Christians, they have been beaten in Jharkhand by cow lovers and many Dalits and Muslims have been killed on the grounds of religious discrimination.
However, the BJP leaders in Delhi had another idea.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Girls' Wing in a statement expressed its deep sorrow and anger over the murder of 19-year-old Shailina Kharrymba on Friday. 41/2 miles to the robbers.
‘No communalism at the cost of quality administration’.
According to Rupang, it was learned that there was a plan to hold the meeting, but it was planned to hold it after the opening ceremony of the school building and not before.
It has been seen that there is such a building every year at this place, which is located near the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
In the first innings, Laban Bengali Boys Higher School scored 132/4 wickets in 15 overs.
Water is also one of the most important resources in agriculture and to produce many crops or plants that will feed us human beings, which are part of our human needs on Earth. .
Rymbai goalkeeper Christopher Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the group after 10 minutes, through Bansuklang Bina. The feet of Nengnong were covered without anything.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Phrangsngi Tyrsa, Secretary of the village, in the presence of the Aganwadi woman, they said that in fact, all the food items distributed by the ICDS staff, have been distributed by the ICDS staff. should be placed at the center so that the nurse and Aganwadi can easily distribute it to the children.
The feeling of childhood is indescribable.
Shillong, November 6: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has decided to hold a strike on 9th November at the Soso Tham Auditorium to demand the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). ).
Meanwhile, the RBI has advised banks to stop the use of the current T.2,0
Meanwhile, the Deputy Director of MBoSE, Bah M Marbaniang, said that on Monday, he received a tip from the Principal of St. Dominic High School, Fr Majaw.
There were 31 Diploma Engineering candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 419 candidates remained unemployed as of 31st November
When you come to the border, don't say I'm a lawyer, don't say I'm a lawyer! Kuli and tyllai phasi had already killed, and as soon as they died, their lives were over.
For example, if a child is admitted to Science and Mathematics, he or she can take only these subjects without having to take all the subjects as in the past. want to tackle all the subjects again also depends on them.
Educational institutions and teachers themselves have been in doubt how to provide education to the students.
The deadline for receiving the names of voters for those who have reached the age of 18 years is on 1st July
The order from the DC's office said that the night curfew will not apply to government employees, police and army, health workers, pharmacies, grocery stores, department employees. MeECL, NEEPCO, Power Grid, FCI, PWD, PHE and Shillong Municipal Board, food distributors, petrol pumps and journalists.
Speeches were delivered by CORP President Bandari Ryntathiang, JSM President Leningstar Rymbai, EJNC President Sambormi Lyngdoh and others. Ma Daloi, wife of Kong Melinda Dkhar, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on
Shillong, July 8: The Rangbah Shnong of Saw Mer, Pynthor, Shillong, today held a public meeting at 9 pm in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Sawmer, Bah M Shabong, the Assistant Rangbah Shnong. ,Secretary Village, Rangbah Dong, residents of Pynthor Village and Bah Hamlet Dohling.
Lamphrang Blah MDC Mawphlang-Diengiei has been elected as the new Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
This means that December is the second month and November is the first month of the Khasi Almanac or the last month of October.
After the incident, the operation of Pawan Hans was suspended until 2013, when Pawan Hans resumed operating in the state of Arunachal Pradesh.
However, it is because of such rulers that the rule of law has turned bad and destroyed in every village, township and kingdom in these days.
She suggested to the department to provide assistance especially to those children who have dropped out of school.
Qualified teachers who have passed D.el.
The JYF also questioned where these factories get coal to mine coal despite the fact that the mining and transportation of coal in the State is still banned.
Speaking to reporters at the State Central Library, Shillong, where the Sohniamtra Market Festival was held, War said, “Meghalaya is famous for the production of Sohniamtra. produced in this state, it differs from other sohniamtra around the world in terms of taste, cleanliness, beauty and other places, they cannot compete”.
Shillong: With the aim of curbing the illegal mobile phone market and mobile phone theft, to protect the welfare of the people and to facilitate the law enforcement agencies; The DoT has implemented the Central Equipment Identity Registry (CE IR) which is linked to the IMEI (International Mobile Equipment Number) database of all mobile service providers.
We are also very pleased with the presence of Bahrit Labourstarwel Nongrum, one of the residents of Sohshira, and Bah Payastone Hynniewta, Secretary of the Sohshira Association, who gave very encouraging speeches. to all those who were present on that day.
Bahnah was also very brave to talk to Riia because she was very friendly.
Jowai, Nailur 09: The North East Adventist University (NEAV) Khliehtrshi West Jaintia Hills today celebrated the World Physiotherapy Day under the theme 'Osteoarthritis. The event was attended by Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, Vice Chancellor Dr Paul Bhaggien, HOD Physiotherapy Department Dr Junita Kyndait (PT), officers, staff and students.
The villages in Nartiang District are Larnai, Sohphoh, Thadjamusem, Nongkharai, Bamkamar, Iongshiwit, Murathud, Nongdhar, Nongkyllep. Bamkhne, Moorap, Moobakhon, Mookjat, Nongmoulieh, Sehlama, Ksehrynshang, Kremlawit, Mynsngat, Moodop, Moopliang, Kdohkule and Nartiang.
She said that this exhibition is also an important platform for farmers and other groups involved in the production of agricultural products to showcase their Sohniamtra in the city. Bangalore.
On the opposition to the government's proposal to allocate 3 acres of land near the RP Chest Hospital for the construction of a shelter for these Kharmetor, Sniawbha said, “Of course there is opposition and as the government we will not oppose what is proposed. the people did not want it.
The Border Security Force (BSF) has been deployed to prevent insurgents from entering the North East from Bangladesh.
“I don't promise jobs, footpaths, roads, water supply and any promises that can't be given, but I will stand firm on the basis of being a leader in the District Council to serve the country and the nation. “, said Panborlang Ryntathiang, HSPDP candidate from Mawlai, at a meeting held on Thursday.
“They didn't tell me, Hep, that you came home at night,” asked Lydia.
Mevis Dunn Lyngdoh, former MLA and Minister of Assam and Omil Harris Rease, Members of the Constituent Assembly of India, have met with the Members of the Constituent Assembly of India. November 1949 in New Delhi.
Israeli troops said they had launched 20 raids in parts of Gaza since midnight on Saturday.
In his speech, Bah Hek expressed his delight to witness the fulfillment of his good intention with the team to provide this health center to the state and the states of the North East. There is a wide range of treatments available at the major hospitals in India and the treatment is adequate and will benefit the people who come for treatment at this hospital.
Bihar Minister Sanjay Kumar said the bodies were flooded from Uttar Pradesh and died four or five days ago.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of Byrnihat Circle, Bah Noah Khongstid.
“Until October 2021, the government has not deposited Rs 0-79 crore to the NSDL. According to the rules, the state government has to pay interest on the money that has not been deposited to the NSDL,” she said. As of October 31, 2020, there are 13,242 government employees under the National Pension Scheme and of these 12,776 have received Permanent Retirement Account Number (PRAN).
“If there is any negligence, then, there should be a very swift investigation.
The state government has given the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) until 10th June to submit its reply.
We have to do this.
All this is the inability of the Government to resolve,” said Bah Glanding.
) SuklinSyiem, Prof.P.S.Dkhar, General Secretary Prof.H.Syiem, Joint Secretary Prof.T.S.Rajee, Prof.Louis Pyngrope, Treasurer Prof.Swapan Kr.
:The employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) who have not received their salaries for a long time will soon receive assistance from the state government on the decision to release their salaries. up to five months and amounting to Rs.50 crore.
Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Giri Prasad, said that after receiving a tip on the incident, police and doctors were immediately sent to investigate the incident. They found both of them lying lyngktar on the floor of the house in the middle of the blood.
“The MDA government led by the NPP and the BJP has not responded to the people of Meghalaya on the increase in unemployment among the youth in the state.
Lamare SC beat Ri Bhoi United SC 1-0 in the final match played at New Nongstoiñ Stadium on Tuesday. Donlad Diengdoh of Lamare SC scored the first goal of the match. Ri Bhoi United scored the first goal of the match after a penalty kick by the goalkeeper of Lamare SC. Neitho Chalieu was sent off for receiving a red card in the 20th minute.
The residents of Garo Hills have expressed their surprise that the area continues to suffer from power outages despite the fact that the State has received adequate rainfall and almost all the rivers and wells have been flooded. filled with shlei.
This is clear and I don't think even they can deny this fact," he added.
Likewise, when we get our own state, we must follow the example of Manipur (Kuki) that no Schedule Tribe will be allowed to enter our Hynniew Trep state and we must not. To allow them to contest elections from the Bri u Hynniew Trep, those who are not the children of Hynniew Trep when they live and work in the Bri u Hynniew Trep should not be owners or masters. only our tenants and employees.
In this regard, it was said that 99.8% of the DNA in the child comes from two parents, while the majority comes from one donor.
And I said unto him, Explain unto me, what is the lie? Then he told me that hypocrisy is the character or evil desire that is in the heart and life of a person.
People with this disease, who don't care about even the slightest thing, find eternal sorrow and lifelong sorrow in them.
(That will happen in the 1000 years of the new world).
The American singer has said that he is a strong opponent of injections, even though he himself contracted the disease last June and said that the covid injection is the mark of the beast.
The purpose of these Cooperative Societies is to improve the income of farmers in the rural areas.
He said that the UDP Mawkyrwat Circle is still strong and there has been no dissolution of the Women's Wing and Youth Wing as agreed by the group of Bah Medal Singh.
“If you ignore the advice of your parents, it's like killing yourself,” said another older employee.
The match tomorrow 15th will be between Moosalyngkat SC and Wahiajer SC at 2 pm.
She also urged the parents to be the guardians and nurturers for the proper upbringing of their children.
The President of HYC War Jaintia, Yoodahun Shylla, has praised the VDP Muktapur village for the seizure and arrest of suspected smugglers. They don't have the courage to do these illegal things.
In the years that followed, when he was no longer with the KSU, he formed a group known as the Democratic Hills Movement to fight for the rights of the youth and the indigenous people.
DC East Jaintia Hills, Bah FM Dopth was the chief guest.
They also wrote to the government to correct this mistake for the safety of the people especially those who have bridges.
However, as a young man who has a feeling, I will tell you that even if I am told, I don't feel anything when I tell the truth.
Leaders of the MPUF East Jaintia Hills District together with the Borkhat Village Authority have inspected many parts of the road on the 3rd of this month.
There are those who think that they are righteous.
The DGP made this known while attending and delivering a speech at the Y20 Summit held near Guwahati.
India's GDP grew by only 5.0 percent between June and July, the slowest since 2013, as sales and government spending fell sharply.
The reason is their unbelief.
Pratap also escaped from the abduction by the robbers after he escaped even after they tied his hand.
I don't know what to do... Why can't I go to class until late at night...?” said the mother again.
They didn't get enough food, didn't sleep well and had to sleep all in the same room.
As a common man but a regular reader, after reading a little bit of this book, I found that there were parts of it which touched my mind.
It is worth mentioning that yesterday, the National Defense Force held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai Pyllun.
On this occasion, the police have already taken the names of the booksellers and will send the report to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi for further action.
She was selected for this award for her ability to plant trees on the entire grounds of the school without spending anything to avoid the pum pum and ktieh.
When we go to the market, we feel close to each other and we feel like drinking water"
India on Tuesday launched a surprise attack on a rebel camp in Pakistan by crossing the Line of Control (LoC) in retaliation for the killing of 18 soldiers in Pakistan. Uri, Jammu & Kashmir in the past few days.
It was also written that the new country now has its own flag and it said, “By the will of God” this flag will soon fly to Israel. Ansar Udeen, a supporter of ISIS. The newly elected members of Iraq's Parliament today met, but failed to elect a new prime minister, although world leaders and the country's top religious leaders have called on new members to urgently elect a prime minister over violence in the country that has killed 2,000 people .
The Public Diplomacy Officer of the United States, Courtney J Woods, recently invited Bah Ferdinand Lyngdoh Marshillong, Joint Secretary of the National Association of the Deaf India New Delhi.
KSU EJHDU Assistant General Secretary Samla Pynshai Kupar Dkhar also presented a short story of Woh Tep Kyndait Khlawait from Tuber area. In the presence of parents, elders and office bearers of Wapung Shnong.
If the past shows that the feeling of one nation existed even among the many Khasi Himas, to lose it in this age would be tantamount to being ingkhong-shyllangmat.
The group would like to congratulate Silverstar Khongnoh, Pyndap Khongmalai and Pynshngain Khongnoh.
On the other hand, Congress leader Sudip Roy Barman said the demand was illegal and alleged that they wanted to divide the political party.
The event was led by Sambormi Lyngdoh, President of the West Jaintia Hills Wushu Association. The Wushu Association has congratulated all the leading players from the District for their hard work and wishes all the players to continue their careers not only at the State Level but also at the National Level. Level and International Level.
“We are ready to contest the election, if necessary to make an agreement with other allies and if not to contest alone,” said Madhav, who visited the city on Saturday. I have had talks with some parties but it is still ongoing.
Speeches were also delivered by HANM Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Lin Nongkhlaw, HANM Vice President Dawonmi Dkhar and KHNAM Spokesperson Lewis Dohtdong. Earlier, the HYC had planned to hold a meeting at the place where Bah Adelbert Nongrum and his colleagues were protesting, but the district authorities did not allow them and they had to leave for Laban Square.
He said that if the state government wants to do this, it should take a decision to send it back to the central government to do whatever is necessary to give a state to the Garo, Khasi and Jaintia. .
In the recent dorbar synrai, the Minister of District Council Affairs (DCA), Prestone Tynsong, said that the Act is in force and has authority. MLAs can contest for the post of MDC on the grounds that the office of the Governor and the Election Commission of India have confirmed that the post of MDC does not fall under the office of revenue. .
Although Nujorki could not set up a Police Out Post at Psiar, recently the people and village leaders agreed to set up a battalion camp at Tihwieh.
Nagaland scored 106 runs in the first innings.
This is a clear word like the sun and the moon but people are misleading it.
In the 3rd Division, Mawpat beat Kharang 2-2
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Former Nongshken MLA Khan Khong Dkhar has applied for the UDP ticket to contest from Pynursla constituency in the 2018 elections.
In the other semifinal, Dadra and Nagar Haveli beat Arunachal Pradesh 5-0
Khih suffers from the razor; He went to the place where he was writing.
In a statement sent by the Waheh Shnong Ladmukhla, Ma Ebormi Lyngdoh, the Dorbar Shnong welcomes all those who will attend the Bacardi NH7 Festival on the 1st-2nd November.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the group from Borato village had cut down trees including kait, niamtra and even diengkseh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The fourth quarter final of the SSA 3rd Division Football League 2023 which was played at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium, Polo today ended with Mylliem Lum SC beating The winner will continue to qualify for the semi final.
On the damage to crops due to the floods, Hillary said, “Farmers have suffered many times during the floods but there has never been any assistance from MeECL or Disaster Management”.
As part of the promotion of tourism in the state, the Government of Meghalaya is preparing to hold various festivals starting from 12th March.
“If this continues, it shows the hypocrisy of the government and the law enforcement agencies to arrest and detain members of the party and on the part of the party, we cannot accept such a behaviour. deceit and anger.
Shillong, March 03: Chief Election Commissioner Rajiv Kumar together with Election Commissioner Anup Chandra Pandey today inaugurated the 10th Annual Voter Information Program at the Matdata Junction. The meeting was held at Akashvani Rang Bhavan, New Delhi.
Lyngdoh said that as we understand that even after 10 days of curfew there will be no decrease in cases, because according to scientists and doctors it will take until the third month of The government should think and prepare ways and means to help the people.
He said that the entire NH-6 road is maintained by NHAI, the 7km road of Jowai Bypass is maintained by the PWD Roads department and thus the road is now in poor condition which causes heavy vehicles to travel. Other smaller vehicles have to leave the longer road through Jowai than the Bypass.
Bah Ardent was speaking at a meeting with the Mawlai Village Authority.
The residents of the village said that when their MLA James PK Sangma was the Minister of Electricity, they had already sent a letter to him. “There are only promises to improve and assistance of 50,000 tyngka for the improvement of the transformer, but until now it has not been built,” said the officials. resident of the village.
This block demand is not new but has been in place since 2012 but has not been fulfilled.
In that desire for votes, the speeches are slow and of no benefit to the listeners.
It is seen that the closeness of Bah Prestone with the UDP leaders especially the leading leaders from the UDP Pynursla circle, as well as the UDP leaders from the Central Body has caused doubts among the people of Pynursla constituency.
Rymbui said the state government has not yet received any reply from the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
Shillong, Nailur 08: The teachers of the All Meghalaya Upper Primary and Secondary Deficit Pattern Schools (AMUPSDPTA) on Tuesday demanded that the government should completely replace them. 13 schools which did not enter full deficit in 1989 so that teachers and staff in these schools can receive the same benefits as full deficit teachers.
He was born and raised in Nongrim Nongladaw and was sent to Little Flower Higher Secondary School, Mawbri.
Replying to the protest of the teachers, Prestone said that the government has called for talks with the teachers for a long time even though it was not called by the Ministers because the officers are also the orders of the government. to talk to them.
The funeral service for Kong Diltis will be held today (28/07/2021) at 2:00 pm at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
For those who have reached the age of 18 years, they can also register on the electoral roll.
Speaking on the occasion, Mary Lynrah as the chief guest expressed her gratitude to the Bharti Foundation for its close relationship with the government with the desire to improve and develop the Bharti Foundation. schools have been selected to participate in the programme.
He said that the Prime Minister has said that the factories and the JAC should resolve the issue immediately.
Speaking to reporters, he said that his determination to work for the welfare of his family is his greatest inspiration.
Speaking to reporters, Bindo said he does not understand why the Chief Minister has ordered so much, even though this is a case that needs to be resolved temporarily. Police involved in the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
“The creation of a corpus fund will make it easier for MeECL to take when necessary so that it can operate in a profitable manner,” said the Chief Minister. wai the meeting of the Cabinet.
The KSU invites those who wish to register or receive the forms to visit the official website of the KSU at www.khastudentsunion.com and the deadline for registration or submission of forms. will be available on 23 June 2022.
The Act clearly states that a non-Garo can never become a Garo, even if he changes his name or changes his caste, just because he was born a Garo.
Christians have a precious part.
Speaking to media after the meeting, he said that the speakers on the occasion will be Dr. LS Gassah, retired teacher. from NEHU, and Muktiar Robert June Kharjahrin.
According to the order, in relation to grocery shops selling in villages outside the containment zones/areas, it is on Tuesdays and Thursdays instead of Mondays and Tuesdays.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle, today 25th July, 2021, has sent a letter to the State Government to continue the construction of the Umshyrpi Highway on the Shillong-Dawki road. Highway).
Shillong: There are 59 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today. Of these, 54 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from BSF and 48 cases from civilians, 4 cases from East Jaintia Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
Adhikari requested the President of the HSP to accept his resignation letter from both the post of General Secretary and his membership of the party as soon as possible.
New Delhi: Various government-owned banks have been robbed of Rs 95,700 crore in the past six months, Parliament today said.
Regarding this, the FKJGP on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to take action on this issue. affecting the health of the residents.
New Delhi: Several mobile phones were stolen on the day of the cremation of Arun Jaitley on Sunday. Som Prakash, Minister in charge of Industries, Government of India.
A motorcycle belonging to Bah Kloilan Mylliem was stolen on the night of 2nd October 2021 from the place where he used to park near his residence in Laimer shiteng.
Furthermore, according to the video released by the police, we heard a conversation between HNLC leader Sanbor Pala who encouraged him to do something that the HNLC did not say clearly. I don't want to do it because I'm afraid of being caught by my fellow citizens.
“This is exactly the case with our youth who are in the political parties who don't have any job, while they don't lack money.
The JSM-Ladrym has expressed its concern regarding the foreigners from Assam, Nagaland and Tripura who intend to return home, where they stay at hotels. Ladrymbai and that they have violated the rules and regulations laid down by the state government and by not following the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Through an expenditure of more than Rs 5 lakh crore in the last nine and a half years, the Government of India has contributed significantly to the region in terms of financial security.
Answering a question whether Chiru's decision to resign is due to the demand of one of the political parties which has lodged a complaint in the form of a letter to the Minister in charge of the department. On the other hand, John said that the MSOA has received a copy of the letter, which was submitted by the HyTO in November. Last year, John said that when the HITO leaders went to hand over a copy of the letter to the MSOA, the office bearers of the MSOA were also present. and after this, there have been meetings, where the demand that foreigners should be removed or not allowed to become leading officers, has not been taken at all.
“Why didn't they call the 108? Why didn't the doctor send them to Ialong Hospital when they didn't even give a referral letter?” said Bah Laloo. to the government authorities to demand punishment by dismissing or revoking their doctoral certificates for violating the oath they have taken to serve the people as doctors.
Regarding the award ceremony, the speakers on the occasion, praised the MLA and the Award Committee, for such an award ceremony, which encourages the students to they will learn better in higher education.
According to a statement, the Indian Army, military and paramilitary troops have been patrolling the border areas of Bishnupur and Churachandpur districts immediately after the incident.
“We want to start something new with the new government on MUDA, we will end the conflict with the old government,” said CEM of KHADC Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Three others include Emmanuel Suchen, also known as Shwa, of Lumshnong; Mr. Bobby Marwein, who lives in Iceland, Bangladesh; and Mr. Saiñkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary and resident of Nunchera, Bangladesh.
However, when it comes to an important task like the Covid-19 vaccine, people have given their trust to 'Made in India' vaccines.
“Several firefighters arrived at the scene and it took several hours to extinguish the smoke and the fire as well,” police said.
After the ceremony from Lumkyndong, the remaining part of the ceremony was held at Madan Bakknia Pyrthat where the children of Raij Jwai together with the elders of Raij Chyrmang, Raij Tuber and Raij Ialong came to participate. low wages and following government regulations.
The Army is also preparing to arrange coaching classes for the youth of Meghalaya who will sit for the Common Entrance Examination.
Whether they include my name or not, we will support any candidate.
At present, it is social media that spreads news every minute to everyone.
The place is remote and nobody goes there,” he said.
Speaking to media, TW Chyne said, “At the UDA meeting held today, it was decided not to accept any amendment to the Constitution. our custom".
It is worth mentioning that at a recent meeting at Umtyrnga, the Longsan Mansan of the Nongwah Mawtamur Sohiong Lyngdohship, admitted that the Hima has been established since ancient times, on the 21st of July. 1851, but after a while it disappeared, but it was restored on 14 Sep 2019 and 18 Feb
He demanded that the government should take a final decision as soon as possible to evacuate these people.
The government is led by the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP and independent MLAs.
The award ceremony was conducted by Salman Khan and Maniesh Paul. Besides Gangubai Kathia, other award winners include Badhaai Do.
The villagers and market have been informed that the Behdieñkhlam ritual has started and that it is no longer permissible to take the remains of the deceased outside the ryngkaw (outside Jowai) and also to take them outside the ryngkaw.
In many places, the soil is shroiñ and pra suk during the rainy season and for this reason all the water that flows during the rainy season is dirty and dirty. .
The Government has also directed all those who arrive at Bethany Hospital after or after 6th June 2020 to quarantine at home until 4th June
In the morning, although some shops were closed in parts of Khyndailad, vehicles did not move and stopped as usual, so the curfew of the CSWO (I) was broken. Now.
“This is an abuse of power by the police who are afraid to arrest the big ones while arresting only the small ones,” she said.
He added that he has also had discussions to work with the former MLA of Jirang, Bah Wallambok Mylliem.
The search for langkñia became a terrible lympung.
However, since you have published the rules on how to research the ethnic identity and you have also issued a call to the youth, teachers, researchers and others to come forward to do so. this work.
Shillong: There is a discussion whether the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will nominate a candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella constituency. All political parties in the MDA government have requested that they support the candidate of the MDA government in the public election on the 22nd of this month. of Dr. Donkupar Roy, who passed away.
BBS College and schools as well as the North Shillong Development Society will join hands at Sein Jaintia Hall, Shillong.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Organizing Secretary of AYWO Silkam Marak.
I'm an mdc udp, I'm working hard for udp.
“When inquired, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare said that the State Government will invite other companies to start the construction of the Shillong Medical College.
Conrad expressed his gratitude to all those who came to take part in this meeting.
He said in fact this part of the road is maintained by the RO Station in Guwahati of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI).
“He said that 35 villages in Mawphlang do not have roads yet, Mawphlang is lagging behind compared to other neighboring constituencies.
In this match, Churchill Brothers played well and scored many goals against Lajong.
The Pomshutia Super League was also opened on the same day where seven groups were selected to compete in the Pomshutia Super League as part of the encouragement to the youth of the village. I was welcomed by Bah Hilarius Peter Pyngrope, Finance Secretary of the club.
Babu Deningroy said that the last salary increase of ad-hoc teachers by the government was in 2016 but since that year there has been no salary increase while the prices of goods in the market have increased. has risen.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said in a tweet that the new cases are from 11 districts of Assam and include 30 cases from Baksa. , 20 from Barpeta, 15 from Kamrup and 9 from Kokrajhar district, 6 from Jorhat, 2 from Golaghat and 2 from Nagaon.
He spoke on three areas which are also the appeals to the people of this constituency namely “to listen to the good, to see the good and to speak the good”. for he hopes that victory will come this time.
The trailer can be watched at the following link. The short film will be released in the coming days as part of the film is about a mother with four children.
Shillong, November 4: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday appointed its District Election Committee headed by Bah H. Lyngkhoi as Chairman and Bah GG Bung Snaitang. as the General Secretary.
The speaker on Saturday at 6.30 pm will be Rev RG Laloo.
Chairman of GHADC Boston Marak has resigned from his post on the 7th of this month with the intention of contesting for the post of CEM. Purohit rejected the government's proposal to abolish the Administrator's rule.
At the Annual Sports Meet 2022, the teachers were divided into four groups, Blue House, Green House, Red House and Yellow House. of the students was indeed a very exciting game.
Shillong, Nailur 1: The Laittyra Youth Association (LAY) is deeply saddened by the murder of Bah Syrpailut Khonglam on 26th Nailur, 2014 at the office of Bah Syrpailut Khonglam at the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Iooksi Branch. .
The President of the BJP said that the party has become stronger and stronger with the participation of many leaders and has a strong hope to lead the government in the country. to 2018.
According to reports, China has vowed not to sell any weapons to Russia or Ukraine while the fighting between them continues.
She said she has written to the government's law department to send these cases to the special court as the POCSO has been in operation since
On the allegation by the opposition, Prestone said the opposition should think carefully before saying anything on this issue as the Ministry of Home Affairs has done its best in relation to the this part.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Police on Tuesday arrested a drug dealer identified as Aiyesha Khatoon alias Pahari from ISBT, Mawiong. .
Your state is from Assam.
Love is the greatest in Paul's theological thought: “...besides faith and hope, love is the greatest.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that in the past years, we have witnessed the response to the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. and the congregation shall be in darkness.
The winners of the consolation prizes were Shubham Sarkar, 11, from Little Star School, Sobin Mangar, 10, from Oxford Secondary. Raymond Langstang, 12 years old, from Khatsoo Ripnar, Miency Kanai, 12 years old, from Khatsoo Ripnar, Kyrkhulang Rymbai, 10 years old, from Living Hope LP School Moolang, Mandaroi Pale, 12 years old Chiehruphi, Lamkishame Dkhar, 9 years old, from Ladrymbai, Nihi Freddy War, 11 years old, from Latyrke, Tyrshainmiki Phawa, 12 years old, from Nongsyntoin U.P.School, Beyonce Dkhar, 12 years old, from JNV Rymbai.
The government should pay to the mother of Mawtawar because the death of the child in the womb is a delay in treating her, and because the government has not provided the necessities of the hospital, it is the right of the mother to receive it. payment.
Besides the marijuana, two mobile phones and a Maruti Sx4 were seized from them.
At the same time, it demanded that all those involved in this crime should be punished and that the law should not be biased.
However, due to lack of sufficient consultancies, the Ministry has ordered to call another tender vide; Letter dated 19.03.2019.
“I don't know whether it is the fault of the sender or whether he is right or wrong, but I am pleased that there are writers to the AICC of our High Command. Anyone can send a letter to the High Command,” said Lapang.
The Company's greatest achievement was its acquisition in 1765 from the Mogul Emperor of the rule of Bengal, Bihar and Orissa.
You are also more likely to avoid excessive foods such as soybeans, lentils, rynsun, lentils and lentils.
Regarding the complaint of some meter meter readers, by counting the bill incorrectly, he said that in human nature there is always a mistake in finding the bill. You can report any errors or omissions to your office.
There was also an explanation and consultation with the village authorities that they cannot do such an act which is against the Constitution of India which is freedom of faith.
Before handing over the lists to the Election Agents, a short speech was delivered by Bah Diengdoh, who explained that the release of the lists of lists is in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India, after the BLOs. They have completed the collection of names from each village and submitted them to the District Election Branch of the District, for processing and inclusion in the electoral roll.
Bah Bony Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Director of the Society in charge of the tourist spot, said that in order to attract more tourists to the tourist spot, there are still many needs to be met such as There are footpaths for tourists to enjoy, because if they stay overnight they have to spend time walking to the top of Mawthadraishan.
Shillong: The Boxing Federation of India (BFI) has elected Larry Kharpran Sun, Secretary of the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) as one of the chairman of the 18th Asian Games which will be held in Palembang, Jakarta. , Indonesia.
It is not yet clear how many people will lose their citizenship in Assam, but through the NRC it is clear that tens of lakhs or even crores of people will lose their citizenship in Assam.
The public awareness campaign was inaugurated by the Member of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah David Nongrum, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation.
Therefore, they appealed and encouraged the youth of the community, the district, the state and the country as a whole that if they have the desire to do anything they should be who are dedicated, hardworking with discipline in everything.
In the final, both the teams played hard from the start, but failed to score.
He said that after the investigation, those involved in the corruption will be brought to justice.
The GSU said that while the Government has not filled the reservation quota for Garo in the past years, there should be no question to discuss the Reservation Policy.
Finally, the Seng strongly warns others not to touch women and children and if the Seng receives information, it will punish severely.
He said that at the same time, they will be taught how to set up entrepreneurship, how to get loans from banks and also how to get FSSAI Certificate.
New Jersey will celebrate Bruce Springsteen Day in November with Governor Phil Murphy announcing that the 23rd of November, which is also Bruce Springsteen's birthday, will be celebrated as Bruce. Spring steen Day.
Shillong: Residents of urban and rural areas have suffered severely due to a traffic jam.
“Everything is like sent by God, I don't know anything about this competition and one day I read the newspaper and I saw that there is such a competition and that day I saw that “It's the last day to register, I immediately went to register,” he said and explained that after registering, he had to go to various auditions to enter the categories. in front.
In a statement released on Tuesday, the Israeli Defense Ministry said it was investigating the announcement by Hamas in connection with the Israeli bombing of the area. the hostage population in Gaza.
The state government has also urged all the rebel groups to take the initiative to come forward and receive the benefits that the government is prepared to provide for them.
The High Court on Friday refused to grant bail to a man accused of raping two women in Ampati.
We have appointed a lab technician, attendants and counselors for the blood bank,” the government said.
As the EC no longer has a meeting, the meeting will be held on the 22nd of this month to elect a new CEM.
Earlier, there were 28.61 lakh beneficiaries who received assistance under this scheme.
Bindaskhem has been arrested by Pynursla PS and further investigation is underway.
In the second leg, Mechwaki Dkhar scored the first goal for Pateinki Sabah in the 6th minute.
Himalaya has received the approval from the government to retire on the 18th of this month, after he asked the VRS to contest the election from Mawsynram in the upcoming elections.
If this news is true, the NPP will now be in a difficult situation to choose a candidate between the two former MLAs, Himalaya M Shangpliang who recently joined George B Lyngdoh.
In a different incident, a nurse, who has worked hard for a while to treat Corona patients, wants to get younger as soon as the Corona virus disappears in China.
The European Cup kicks off in Rome on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the union has requested and demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should immediately delete the names of foreigners who do not claim to be the owners of Moolamanoh Village.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the Association has no knowledge of the flag raising by the HYC members. There is a question from the district authorities about the issue of auto rickshaws and it is a problem for the leaders if they do not get information for any reason.
Those who have seen and witnessed this, how the connection between these ten voices has touched their hearts.
When asked whether he has asked his wife, children or relatives about Bah Blanding, “I have already asked them, they are surprised where he is, we have tried to call him many times but His phone is switched off,” said Pangniang. “We have asked all our relatives but they don't have any information.
According to sources, the robber was involved in the kidnapping of the child while she was on her way home after leaving school. i went into a forest to do evil.
In the match between Um-lynsha Youth SSC and Jalyiah United Sports Club, the match ended in a draw after no goal was scored until the end.
Since Lampard's appointment, owners including Boehly and Behdad Eghbali have said the former Chelsea midfielder has been brought in as interim manager until he can bring in ship manager.
“We don't get involved in politics, but we go to meetings where they call us to work together for the same issue,” said Bah Kharshiing.
If Bah Dango really does from the NPP and the UDP supports him, it is already certain that the NPP will be able to achieve the goal of victory in the bye MDC election from this constituency.
They wrote articles in English saying “Modi down down,” “All the pain no real gain,” “What about black money abroad? Has Modi forgotten?”.
It was discussed at the meeting that the current water supply system has been in operation since 1978, but it has not been able to supply water to other new areas including Mawpat. The cost of implementation of the new project is estimated at T.193.47 crore and is expected to be completed by October
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-Bhoi District today honored one of the greatest football players of Ri-Bhoi District, Samla Stephan Ranee from Ri-Bhoi District. and the Ri-Bhoi team which was also the winner of the 5th Meghalaya Games which was held recently in Tura.
Up to three categories or events with prize money: Team events T.500/-, Men's single T.100, Women's single T.100, Veteran's single T. .100, Junior's for men and women (Free) no entry fee and Mens Doubles will be T.200 tyngka.
The meeting was attended by teachers from East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi, West and South West Districts, Jaintia Hills and office bearers of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA).
He said that the raids have started in the past two months by the Traffic Police of the district and will continue in the coming days.
The public should be vigilant against these scams as the robbers are thieves to rob money and their trick is to kidnap people to release them after paying the money.
Our leader Abhishek Banerjee has directed us to provide assistance to the injured and the family members of the deceased.
?" The young man asked again, "I live in Jaiaw..." Rida replied, "Are you the son of the one who died recently..." The young man asked, "Yes, do you know my father?" who.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today announced that the state government will build three Mini Secretariats in Jowai, Tura and Pynursla and after that more Mini Secretariats will be built across the district. of the state.
Now, when they are still receiving money, everyone is rich, but when they are poor, they don't even dare to come out in front of the house.
The award was presented at the 3rd Achievers Awards Night 2024 held on July 1 by the NECDC in Shillong.
“I have received complaints from the public that the holding of the festivals is a disgrace and disgrace because of the widespread consumption of alcohol and dozens of immoral behaviours,” said Ardent.
Debolina Dev was rushed to Shillong Civil Hospital for treatment.
The final of the Upper Division and Lower Division will be played on the 15th of this month at 12 noon.
At present, Meghalaya and other North Eastern states are facing the problem of infiltration of mynder and this will be a threat to the indigenous people.
The awards were presented to the winners by the Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management and Acting Vice-President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Matsiewdor War Nongbri as the chief guest. , Assistant Director Sports Department Bah Paia War Nongbri, District Sports Officers and others.
In fact, the AICC has not authorized Mukul Sangma to remove government ministers in the past, but it is learned that this time, the political situation has changed. it has been necessary to authorize the Prime Minister to do whatever is necessary.
Ronnie said that if the Governor's Rule comes or the Administrator's Rule, who else can protect, preserve the customs and traditions, the land rights of the Khasi people? However, Bah Ronnie forgot that the Khasi people had rejected the NPP and elected other parties instead of it in the recent MLA elections.
“The founder of GreenNE Origins, Ayoshee Beriwal, is one of the entrepreneurs in the state. many foods from natural plants such as shynrai, sying, ngap, various kinds of snails, cardamom, tea spices and others.
The Peace Committee comprising the Karbi Amhi Border Peace Committee (KABPC) and the Khanduli Area Border Peace Committee (KABPC) led by Augustine Hanse and Womless Langshiang, Chairman of the Peace Committee, also decided to to invite 3 leaders from each affected village especially those in the Shillong-Mynriang area including Mookhim, Mooriap, Mooknor, Madan Myni, Laher, Khynde Liar, Umsalait, Umju Bandeiñ and Moorap.
He also urged the beneficiaries of government schemes to link their Aadhar number to their bank account for easy delivery of payments.
Furthermore, reports say that these tunnels are very strong and cannot be destroyed by dropping a bomb from above, but need to be entered.
Then the protest site turned into a place of singing and praising God,” said the VPP leader. The Seng's demand for the Reservation Policy is to appoint an Expert Committee.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The world renowned Khasi-Pnar writer, Kong Janice Pariat, has received the Yuva Puraskar Award. Sahitya Akademi, 2013 for her book "Boats on Land" which was released in March
Dr. Kharlukhi was the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai from 1981 to
The Khasi language should be discussed by the Garo MP and it is understood that they do not want the Khasi to rise too much.
Police have conducted a thorough investigation and search operation to arrest the drug traffickers.
“We will not sit idly by and we will crack down on foreigners who want to enter the state from today and demand from the government to implement the ILP to protect the jaidbynriew from foreigners,” said Leningstar. Rymbai President of JSM. CoMSO has organized rallies across the state.
In Shillong, the Urban IEC Van today conducted two programs at Don Bosco Square and Police Bazar.
The special speech on the second day will be delivered by the Union Minister in charge of Railways, Communications, Electronics and Information Technology, Ashwini Vaishnaw, while the Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting, Dr. L Murugan will deliver the keynote address. give the concluding remarks.
He said that the fees from the Judiciary have already been collected according to the new rates stipulated in the Court Fees Rules, 2019 approved by the Governor. now you are in the middle of a work that will be completed soon.
Shortly after, he said that Marylis Mawrie from the village has donated two of her lodges, Palecia and Mawrie Lodge, for the village to use free of charge, except for the bill light and LPG fee. who work in this health center.
Many took part in the discussion, where they stressed the need to protect the rights of the Mizos.
Shillong: The Hills Farmers Union (HFU), led by Commander Shangpliang President and Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, General Secretary, on Tuesday expressed its gratitude to the Ministry of Horticulture and the Agriculture Marketing Board of the Ministry of Agriculture. Mylliem Constituency MLA Hamlet Dohling, who took note of the demand of the union to open the jhur and soh market at Upper Shillong 5mer.
Shillong, March 11 : Meghalaya beat Jammu & Kashmir by five wickets in the opening match of the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy T20 Tournament in Mohali today.
It has received T.1.3 lakh in three phases – T.52,000 in the first phase, T.58,500 in the second phase and T.19,500 in the third phase.
The UDP has also announced that it will include Anthony Khongwang (Pynursla), Rakkam Ch Marak (Bajengdoba), Badhok Nongmalieh (Jirang), Sunshine Makri (Umsning), Polestar Nongsiej (Pynursla). Nongstoin), Subroto G Marak (Mendipathar), Andreash G Momin (Rongjeng), Ronald Rikman Sangma (Salmanpara), Kennethson R Sangma (Dalu) and Ashahel D Shira (Rajabala).
Whether the exchange is voluntary or forced to participate.
Lakhon Laloo, sergeant At Arms Rtn.
If the children do not ask questions, it is because they do not understand the teachers.
He was inaugurated on 12/8/1947 at Ashoka Hall by Lord Mountbatten, Governor General of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the KSU Umsning Circle and the RBYWO has angry with the Executive Member in charge of the Trade Department of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah James Sylliang. The Government of Meghalaya has issued a license to plot-1 of the company located at Tdoh Umsiang, Mawhati Constituency.
And in my experience, I see that if the BJP Alliance (NDA) comes back, there is a great threat to the whole of India.
Shillong, November 3: The Meghalaya State Skills Development Society (MSSDS) has invited youth, parents and village leaders to a meeting to benefit the youth, “The future begins here”. The meeting will be held at Madan Kurlanga, Bhoi Rymbong on the 4th November at 10 pm.
The news report said that the child has been taken away by her family.
In the RTI report, the facts show that MB Rymbai distributed the grant to his relatives.
You will receive an electronic receipt through the Uber app.
He also did not have a PRC but a PPRC which is valid for 12 months.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Democratic Alliance (HITO) Jaintia Hills District today launched a flex strike on the garbage dump in Jowai town as a sign of informing the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government about the failure of the Meghalaya government. of this government to take action on their promise to develop a new Meghalaya.
“Before we implement this order, we will have to check who is driving whether they are commercial vehicles or private vehicles,” said the DC. The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T. Lyngwa, on July 2, has directed the meat farmers in these areas not to slaughter cows with Lumpy Skin Disease.
Kakade said the BJP has forgotten all the development works and said, “I see that we have forgotten the development works that Prime Minister Narendra Modi promised before the Lok elections. Conference 2014.
In such circumstances, how can they fight, they have only the job of having children,” he said.
They should take advantage of the subsidy schemes provided by the government through the District Commerce and Industries office and make proper use of these schemes for the business they intend to set up.
On this day, the elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie will start the ritual at Lum Sohpetbneng Gate, Umiam-khwan, GS Road at 7:30 pm and at the altar of incense, in the clearing of Lum at 11 pm and followed by the distribution of rice, gold and silver water to all the guests.
Egenstar Kurkalang, who is the Muktiar, said, “He left the BJP because his supporters suggested him to leave the party.
The family members of the victim said that they want a fair trial and that is why the family members of the child have lodged a complaint with the police. Khanapara Police Station, with the intention of revealing the names of all the suspects, who were involved in the kidnapping and murder of the child, but when they could not go to Khanapara yesterday. Besides the family members, Rikomoni Marak, one of the Garo Longkmie, said that there are people who have been suspected of involvement in the kidnapping. They include Darius Marak, who is currently in jail, Rohit K. Sangma, Robinson M. Arengh, Sonu M. Arengh, Abnell K. Marak, Nathil. K. Momin and Harkinson R. Marak, who are still on the run, but the police have not done anything, even though they have sufficient evidence of their involvement in the murder.
In his speech, he reminded the students of the admonition of the Father of the Nation, Mahatma Gandhi on the importance of cleanliness and to be careful when using any household items.
According to one of the ASHA workers in Jorgin, just to get the salary, we have to spend a lot of time and money to fill up the forms and the travel expenses to send them.
Besides the VPP MLAs and senior leaders from Shillong, Bah T.Lyngdoh, former HSPDP Leader, Bah Golden Nonglong, former Congress Leader, and others were also present. and other leaders of Nongstoiñ area, who have joined the VPP party, including women and youth.
The union today through the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ribhoi District has demanded that the State Pollution Control Board should look into these factories in the area. Byrnihat urged them to do something about this so that the people living in this area can get clean air.
Before the shad, the Sordar of the village, Bah Skhembor Khongji Rem, said that the rituals of suit, shor, puja and pukon were performed by the 'Saw Tymmen' who are the tree trunks.
There is a commitment, cooperation and unity between NEHU, the State Government and the teachers for the benefit of the students to ensure that the implementation of the policy is in accordance with the purpose ? According to the report, the Academic Council of NEHU has not taken a decision to implement it from
Erwin K Sutnga on Saturday said the Supreme Court has fixed a date for the hearing of their case on the demarcation of Assam-Meghalaya after 20th July.
How can the residents of Mawlong area flee their homes, when they are the ones who are trying to evict them? Under the MPPEUO Act, the government can easily evict all those who stand and sell goods. in the streets that stir up the people.
