When inquired by the police, they said that they have arrested the jhur trucks in the area on the orders of the Deputy Commissioner of Mawiongrim. East Khasi Hills District.
As soon as he was elected as Vice President, Prime Minister Narendra Modi met Dhankar.
Deepika and Katrina have agreed to act in the film and both of them have no desire to act together after ending their feud.
This is something that the government or the Autonomous District Councils should think carefully about.
Many people from the community leaders, various political parties, the police department, journalists from Assam and others came to pay their last respects to the journalist. with flowers as a sign of farewell.
A case has been registered against them and they have been taken to Jowai District Court for further investigation.
There is no longer that familiarity that drives the ‘bloodthirsty’ to do what they do.
Another salt that is similar to this and which can be found in India is potassium nitrate.
However, after receiving information that the residents have been waiting for a long time at KHADC, the CEM of KHADC has come to the scene and urged the residents not to close the market, as it will affect the income of the market. but if they wish to attend, they may come in the evening to listen to the outcome of the meeting.
In fact, MPCC President DD Lapang and former Chief Minister SC Marakruh have left for Delhi with their followers including government ministers.
Although we have seen that from time to time the Khada system has been divided, it does not mean that we are different from each other. work.
The HNLC said that Bah Rymbui's claim that there are many channels is a lie when even the ILP which has been passed in the Assembly cannot be created by the MDA government.
The Opposition Leader of the AITC and former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday said that he will look into the legal notice filed against him by Henry Lalremsanga. Chairman of 2B's Group of Companies.
Well, if they work hard, there is no problem for them to compete with other swimmers from other parts of India.
These ICCCs serve as business hubs in cities where technology is used to conduct business.
He also demanded that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare should not turn to the youth of the district if there are vacancies in the district as many of the students have completed their studies. but they have to stay at home without work.
“At the request of the Magistrates, the Commissioner and Secretary Transports has requested us to discuss this issue within his office before the union takes any decision,” he said. said Mr. Nonglight.
People who love their nation also see that there is a difference in the marriage of many.
Shillong: Laitmynring village on the Shillong-Dawki highway, before reaching Pynursla, has many natural attractions, which can attract tourists.
The meeting was conducted by Hamkom Khynriam and he admitted that the attendance of the people has reached 25 thousand people.
Reliable sources said that the reception for these MDCs from various parties including those in the Ruling and Opposition will start from Tuesday this month.
According to the leaders of the Union, the arrangements should be made in each village and in public places such as the market or Khyndailad. markhap and these places.
He loves wealth and not God.
The training was conducted by the Executive Magistrate Bah Tosanbha Marweiñ who is also the Extra Assistant Commissioner (EAC) in charge of Elections, Revenue and Establishment Department.
The teams that have qualified for the quarter finals of the 1st Division of the EJHDFA are Rymbai Synrang SC, Khliehriat West FC, Wahiajer NYSSC, Rangad SC and Ladrymbai-B SC. The teams that have been promoted from the 1st Division to the 2nd Division next season include Lumputhoi SC and Rymbai. Shillong, March 10: The True North swimming team has won the most medals in the 16th State Aquatic Championship organized by the True North Swimming Championship. Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) on Saturday at Crinoline Swimming Pool, Shillong.
Matthew 24:7.
The MDC was welcomed by the office bearers and members of the Seng Teilang Kynthei Laban along with the mothers who used to send their children home along with the youth of the village.
Meanwhile, in the state, the disease is more common in Ri-Bhoi District and West Khasi Hills as they are hot areas.
Ms Laloo paid tribute to coaches like Bah Torak Kharpran and Roshni Bhusal, who are now coaches to train the country's athletes.
However, while the management of Raidmynsaw UP School was preparing for the opening ceremony of the school and while they were waiting for the Chief Guest Dr. Donkupar Roy along with the Chief Guest Secretary Bah KP Pangniang MLA of the area, The UDP meeting is also going on.
:The song “Mawlynnai” is a Khasi song, sung by Khasi singers, including Wanbha Khongsit and Benjamin Kharrymba.
Up to 300 goals have been scored in four tournaments in the state which has been attended by clubs from recognized associations from almost all districts of the state. the state which started on January 12th.
In the ongoing Budget Dorbar, we have seen many MLAs, especially from the opposition, who have taken an active part in the Dorbar whether it is during the question hour or in the raising of issues.
“I would like to remind you that my resignation from the PDF was taken by the decision of the Executive Committee of more than 100 members from all over the Nongkrem Constituency which was held on the evening of 24th March 2017 at the office. Laitkor, that is, that it is not my personal decision and that this decision will be confirmed at the general meeting to be held on the 6th November, 2017 at Lad Nongkrem at 7.00 pm,” said the statement.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of the Seng, Bah Kharlessbon Nongbri, said that the donation of private land by the Government of Meghalaya to Assam is unacceptable. .
In our days, there was no such light in the Government church"(v) “The power of renewal was at work in England also.
Shillong: Former UDP MLA from Shillong West, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his decision to contest the MDC election is due to the lack of leaders in the District Council.
The state has been led by Mizo MNF MLA Zoramthanga as the Chief Minister since
The Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWWA) has sent its last greetings and best wishes to all the five wrestlers before they leave for the tournament. they shall gather themselves together against him.
The union urges the MeECL to complete this work as soon as possible and not to remain silent lest any tragic incident happen to the residents at an unexpected time.
Shillong, June 19: The Umiam Hazard Area Collective Forum is a collective organization formed by the elders, women, youth and village headmen, raids and others.
Meanwhile, the Dubi Diya building has been included in the list after 13 people were found to be infected with Covid-1
Now, the villagers, this is the first time in the history of Meghalaya that we will get more than 1 lakh PMAY houses for the poor households in the villages.
There are 6,560 confirmed cases in the UK, an increase of 967 from a day ago.
Shillong: While the special session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly was underway, the Leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle, Donbok Kharlyngdoh, has been arrested. State Central Library Shillong.
As a singer and a scholar, Bah RG Lyngdoh has always been close to the workers.
He said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council Service Amendment Rules 2023 will also be introduced in the dorbar to amend the age of entry of any employees to 37 years old. with the State Government.
Shutosh, although summoned, did not attend the meeting and this shows that he does not respect the KHADC and does not respect the Hima Mylliem.
The ceremony lasted about 20 minutes and was attended only by players, family and close friends.
Meanwhile, Bah Rit, who used to drive a commercial vehicle, said that the deterioration of the road has also caused accidents, as the drivers have had to avoid the snow.
She said that this lack of unity among the shopkeepers has affected the sale and purchase.
In KHADC and JHADC, there are 30 members, of whom 29 are elected by the people while one is appointed by the government.
Shillong, June 28: U Bah VGK Kynta, one of the senior lawyers of the state, on Tuesday said that the relocation of the Harijans living in Them Ïewmawlong to other places is only possible by appealing to the government. Civil Suit because the land was under its jurisdiction.
In this regard, the opposition has strongly criticized the inadequate working methods of the Council which has too low revenue and said that if this is the case, how can it pay salaries to the Council? employees?.
The SMS came from an Aircel number from Shillong – +919856930587. After receiving information that it was a number from Shillong, the police were informed and immediately searched for it. to the person who uses this number here in Shillong.
Sports Secretary – Asmi Phawa.
This case is no longer in the hands of the government because from time to time the lawyer on the part of the government has led to protect the government and to demand the implementation of the roster system. without turning back to previous years to bring about the fair administration of Reservation or Employment.
However, he said that the Reservation Policy is not a topic to discuss whether it is yesterday, today or tomorrow, because the discussion is first on the Roster.
However, the Jaidbynriew and the state as a whole have to face the challenges and challenges of the forty nations as the days go by.
Shillong, July 15 : U MLA of Mairang, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh today announced that his office will distribute the awards to the students from Mairang constituency who have achieved their goals. passed well this year.
After the meeting and greetings by Samla Mayborn, the teachers especially the mothers gave a warm greeting to Samla Mayborn by hugging and greeting him.
The Ambassador and the two Thai leaders were welcomed by the Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University, Prof. Prabha Shankar Shukla.
She urged the participants to eat well the various wild fruits that can be obtained from their local areas and to reduce the consumption of expensive foods and GMO foods. and the support of members within the families is essential to achieve the goal of this campaign.
One of the most important parts of the development is to put the responsibility on the District Council to take action on this as well, not just to be a platform to promote political leaders.
This is the best part especially for teenage women because on social media you will meet 30 kinds of people who will come into your life.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 184 people have been newly infected with the virus and 1990 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The music was composed by Ram Suchiang and the Khasi tyngshop and porom, including Wiki Lawriniang and Darikyntilang Lyngkhoi, took part in the song.
“However, as civil society organizations, we should not give up but we should fight until we get our own Electoral Roll in GHADC within this year.
Of the deaths, six were from East Khasi Hills, two from West Khasi Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
More than 58,500 complaints (73% of the total received were for illegal erection of posters and banners.
In a short meeting, u Wailadmiki informed the residents of the village that this vehicle will help them in times of illness as it will help them to reach the health centers in time.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) and Thma U Rangli (TUR) today met with the Director General of Police (DGP). R. Chandranathan to express his concern over the harassment of market vendors by some police and citizens while they are selling around Shillong.
However, he said that the implementation of other projects under the Smart City Project is progressing.
Harry Kane scored for England from the penalty spot in the 54th minute, Aurelien Tchouameni in the 17th minute and Oliver Giroud in the 78th minute. .
Nongpoh, November 10: The Elaka Nongpoh Sirdarship on Saturday took part in the Raid Nongpoh Sirdarship. Linus Lyngdoh has been confirmed as the full Lyngdoh of the Raid Nongpoh Sirdarship in Ri Bhoi District.
However, as they descended, thousands of crowds from different towns arrived first and waited for Jesus by the sea, and commentators explain that the crowd was about 50,0 .
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma today received his Honorary Degree from Sharda University, Noida, Uttar Pradesh.
Although he is a unique person who is fluent in language and friendly, the good news is that he has been re-elected to lead Meghalaya and India to Turkey.
FIFA Assistant Referee Riiohlang Dhar has been appointed as the Match Official or Referee for the Asian Football Confederation (AFC) Women's Asian Cup 2022 – Qualifiers from 1st November 23 November 2021.
Speaking to reporters after taking oath, Bah Hek, who will share the post of Minister in the MDA 2 government for two and a half years, with Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA from South Shillong.
The distribution of this copy of the CAA is a sign of protest against the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act in the Northeast.
The Khasi people first settled in these areas from the foothills of Mount Makashang to the shores of the Bay of Bengal.
The party also expects many other projects related to the development and improvement of the city of Jowai to come.
Thangkhiew is the first Khasi judge to be elected to the High Court.
“According to the MoU signed, the Survey of India will lay the boundary and after that the entire soskular will be confirmed,” he said.
In Motphran, the KSU has raised two flags at the entrance to the leaders' seat. The President Rangbah of the KSU, Samla Daniel Khyriem, said that These four flags are the signs of the beginning of the war, in which the KSU will continue to fight for the issues that affect the nation.
The 10-day program was inaugurated by the Director of NEIGRIHMS on the 1st June who led the swearing-in ceremony of Swachhta to all the participants and said that the cleanliness of the garbage is the responsibility of the students. responsibility of each person.
After this incident, their father disappeared.
There was also criticism of the government, although the government's action was right.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today launched the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament which will be held at two venues, one at Umbuda-Ribhoi District and the other at Salpara. , North Garo Hills with the participation of 10 associations under the jurisdiction of the MCA. In the match today, the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (MCA) from Group A South West Khasi Hills DCA took five wickets.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has refused to make Aadhaar compulsory in the state and in the North East, as it is an area that still needs to be discussed. detailed those who are native and those who have just arrived.
Lapdiang Nongsiej and her group performed a welcome song, PHL Group performed a song on the theme, “Even gold is useless”. Special presentation by Baiamonlang Marbaniang of Nativity Higher Secondary School.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) today met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma to discuss the demand for the promotion of 844 teachers. teachers in Adhoc Upper Primary Schools shaka Deficit System.
Tura has also become the first city among the eight cities in Meghalaya.
The United States on Tuesday strongly warned North Korea of ​​its intention to support Russia in its war in Ukraine.
He said that the Council will implement the Resource Recovery Center (RRC) in every village as it will not only bring about cleanliness but will also provide employment to many youth.
Gangtok's Lepcha Folk-Western Fusion Band SOFIYUM has performed at the SOFIYUM Music Festival in Gangtok. hip hop by Sudarshan Rai, who sang the lyrics of the song which disseminates information about the foundation of Durex TBBT which is the strong foundation on which this company stands and these are to talk about consent, equality, inclusiveness, information dissemination, and child and youth protection.
The Minister promised to deal with such incidents and said, “I request the members to send the information.
“All the rules are taken; Many policemen have been deployed to ensure that there will be no incident”.
Shillong: The youth and children of Mawphanain village in Kynshi Mawphanain village, this morning, went down to clean up the village.
The accident, which appeared to be terrible, but no casualties were reported, except for those who sustained minor injuries, who were rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Syiem of Myriaw Hima has urged the people, Rangbah Shnongs and Sordars not to attend the Hima Dorbar convened by a private person.
“I left my day job and came to this job by trying to make only Mawbynna and there was a friend (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) who made a sword, a stieh, he told me to make it. "You are the Ryngkap, the Pansngiat," said Rangbah Romeo.
I hope they will do this,” said Sheikh Abdul Ahad, Joint Secretary to Bangladesh at the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The complaint named Mahadevaswamy, Ambika and her husband, Mahesh and Doddiah, another assistant, as involved in the murder.
Charity is one of the types of work that is based on the mind and the desire of a person to give help to others without expecting anything in return.
“Therefore, my agent has nothing to do with the breaking of the EVM at 11:30 AM because he was not at PIC Nartiang since 10:30 AM,” he said. Ma Phyllut, surprisingly, was arrested by the complainant, who was injured.
Fear crept into her soul.
The IAY scheme, which has been allocated 3 percent by the central government for the disabled, has also been implemented without any benefit and the people in power have given 30 reasons why. go for help.
Bah Syllanus Mallai and his friends, when they found out about this, expressed their deep sorrow, over the withdrawal of money by the bank, for the purpose of getting the slips. and which is also an event, which has never happened before.
The service was held at Umru Village through the Umru Presbyterian Church under the supervision of the Tyrso Presbyterian Church.
However, it is unfortunate that this district EJHD has been illegally abandoned by the state government.
Besides, the union has demanded to set up a Health Sub Center in Jyllep village as there has been an agreement between the Government and the land owners but what remains now is the allocation of funds from the Government. build the building.
Shillong: UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh today slammed other political parties for trying to stop his meetings and campaigning in the constituency. Speaking at a meeting at Krang village yesterday, u Bah Metbah said that there are people who want to stop him from coming to meet people to enter the house, to “If others come, why don't I come?” he asked.
At present, the farmers have decided to inform the MDA Government led by Conrad K. Sangma as the Prime Minister that the farmers have decided to suspend the harvest in these days. , tympew and other agricultural products will be marketed at reasonable prices so that the farmers can benefit more from agriculture in War Jaintia.
The FKJGP said that in its meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, he said that he has tried many times to talk to the NHAI but the NHAI has not listened to the DC's statement. He also wants to see the development of the district and promised to take action and talk to the NHAI and if the NHAI does not take action the DC will take the necessary action.
Prime Minister Duh has shocked and encouraged the world by announcing India's preparations to fight climate change through the Panchamrit Action Plan which aims to transform India into a country of climate change. carbon emissions before
Shillong, March 12 : The state is now preparing to hold the 11th International Tourism Mart from 21st to 23rd November.
Therefore, the union urges the state government not only to exempt but also to get the ILP without violating the 6th Scheduled.
On the other hand, the Sengbhalang will hold a Non-Cooperation Movement in East and West Jaintia Hills as a sign of condolence over the shooting death of 7 persons in which 5 persons lost their lives.
Believe it or not, my people are only afraid of the police baton, not the plague.
At the same time, he expressed concern over the incidents in various parts of the country against the people of this region.
Don’t wait until drugs destroy our children and youth who are the future of the state.
The oxygen plant at Jowai MCH has been prepared and commissioned within 48 hours and the 300 LPM oxygen plant at Khliehriat will be commissioned in the next 10 days.
Two BSF personnel and a Home Guard who accompanied the group were also injured.
He directed the district authorities to ensure that the people do not starve.
On the other hand, Congress leaders including Rockybul Hussain said the party strongly opposes the NDA government led by Narendra Modi on the challenge to the powers of the RBI. to abolish 500 and 1000 notes and ban on withdrawal of money are our demands submitted to the RBI,” Hussain said.
However, our neglect of agriculture, which provides food and support to our nation, is one of the main reasons for our backwardness compared to other nations of the world, and even and the peoples of this country of India.
These children were identified as Ibalincy Mylliemumlong, 8 years old, Lumlang, 6 years old and Iaiieitlang, 2 years old.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who is also in charge of the Urban Development Department, said, “We have already submitted the blueprint on the We have given you until June 10, 2023 to respond.
David Neres scored for Ajax in the 46th minute while Christiano Ronaldo scored for Juventus in the 45th minute.
“Development is not only for New Delhi, but for every citizen of the country,” Sinha said.
The BJP leader said that at present the BJP has 13 chief ministers in 13 states of India and compared to other states ruled by a party affiliated with the BJP. “In 2018, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya will also be from the BJP,” said the BJP leader who came to inspect the party. at Shella constituency.
Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, Bah GD Kharwanlang, said that on receiving information about the incident, the Nongstoin Police Station rushed to the scene to find the suspect. public information.
The AICC general secretary said that in the last elections in Delhi, the BJP in its election manifesto, had described the people of this region as refugees.
The SRS also wants this project to be implemented soon and for the health workers from the institute in the state to start their work.
The virus has now spread to 210 countries after beginning in China in November
Dr. Mukul arrived at Iewduh at 10:45 pm and came through the road from Anjalee area and started walking from Basa Sohsaw or Dielang Market.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) Biolin Pyrtuh said that as land vendors, they agree to ban the traffic in the middle of the market. At the same time, she said that the land vendors do not agree with the Government's plan to evict the land vendors from this road. where they used to earn their living every day.
It was about 11 o'clock but they didn't arrive.
Regarding the allegation by the Garo and Naga people, Christina Mukhim and Kaikha Saprina, have gone to rob the land of other people, from the The two women demanded that the accused should come forward and explain with proper documents, but not to make unfounded accusations or to spread falsehoods.
Furthermore, it was reported that once it fell to the ground, it could no longer work and had no effect and was thrown in the dump because it had only a few sensors and a small battery.
So far, 173 cases have been reported in Tripura, 142 in Assam, 111 in Uttarakhand, 101 in Chhattisgarh, 92 in Himachal Pradesh and 46 in Goa.
During the march, it was seen that several people had thrown stones at a house in the area.
Nongpoh: A house in Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong village, has collapsed and been completely destroyed, after it was hit by a pyrthad at 7 pm this morning.
These non-tribals who have received trading licenses have trading land in Byndihati-1, Chiehruphi-7, Caroline Colony-1, Dawki-3, Dkhiah East-32, Dkhiah West-6, Ialong-2, Iawmusiang. - 59, Khliehriat-17, Khliehriat East-78, Khliehriat West-116, Ladrymbai-11, Ladrymbai B-158, Ladrymbai Datsimpein-102, Ladrymbai Dongwah-85, Ladrymbai Khliehdupon,That-6,dud-128,Lamynboh-1 -3, Mihmyntdu B-1, Mission Compound Jowai-1, Mookhep-1, Mookyrdup-1, Moolamylliang-6, Moopala-5, Muktapur-1, Musiang Lamare-7, Mynkre-25, Nartiang-2, New Hill– 32, Nongsning-10, Ratacherra-1, S.J.Road Jowai-1, Sookilo-21, Sunapur-1, Sutnga-1, Thadlaskein-1, Thangskai-45, Tongseng-9, Tympang Club-7, Umkiang-33, Umlaper -4, Ummulong-2, Wahiajer-1, Wapungskur-1, 7mer (Pasyih)-17, 8mer (Phramer)-43 and 118 Trading Licenses which can be traded in many villages from one License.
There are 13 recoveries from the disease.
In connection with this incident, the police are conducting an investigation and hope to arrest those involved in the crime soon.
At least 40 Thais have been killed and 19 others wounded in the fighting between Hamas and Israel.
On this day, the village was filled with the beating of the ksing and nakra and the sound of the tangburi of the traditional musicians of this area.
“Sylvanus Lamare.
This initiative is to improve the quality of education and provide quality education opportunities to the students across the state.
However, Krang managed to score through Kyrpanglang Mawlong in the 49th minute and Kynjohbor Thangmaw in the 59th minute.
(ii) Those who will collect advertisements should be intelligent and able to communicate with people in government or private offices.
The Dorbar began with a 10 minute silence in memory of those who passed away during the past two years (2013-15) and a prayer by Pastor Pat. Boone Single.
Tura, Nailar 30: A child named Eman Mann of Bangalkata village of Chibinang district has drowned in the Rongsai Valley Dam.
The residents of Balat village said that the incident happens every year during the rainy season.
New Delhi, Naitung 10: The Finance Minister of India has allocated Rs 1,000 crore for the construction of a railway line in the North East.
It was noticed that these footpaths have been sold again by some vendors, which has caused the passengers especially the school children to walk in the middle of the road.
Looking at the respondents, there are many who support Bah Prestone and many who do not.
He said that at that time there were no gates in Mawiong, in West Khasi Hills all gates were closed, as well as in Kynshi and Mairang.
The training was attended by the Dolloi, Darrang Elaka, Pyrwa Lymba who was the chief guest, Waheh Shnong of Darrang, Ma N Ryngksai.
Shillong, July 9: Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the best way to fight insurgency is to get the support of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The State Government through the Department of Arts and Culture on Thursday announced the allocation of 5000 square feet of land at the Tribal Research Institute, Mawlai Iewrynghep to the Khasi Author Society (KAS). and your office.
This part of the public awareness campaign was also telecast in a program of Doordarshan Central Shillong with I Pro.
Replying to the PDF's allegation, Ardent said that the ARPA's failure to look after and treat KHV is because it does not want to interfere while the investigation by the EC of ARPA is ongoing. He said that a committee of inquiry has been set up after receiving comments from RTI that there was a serious corruption in the organization of the Monolith Festival.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has rejected the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to amend the Reservation Policy. Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who organized the protest, was arrested indefinitely.
The house where the bomb was seized was previously taken over by the GSI office and now the office has been closed down and handed over to other people.
I don't know exactly where he will stand now,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The elderly, the women, the youth and especially the children do not know what will happen tomorrow for them, even if they will eat even a single troh of food.
Besides the students of Byrnihat schools, the health workers and the public, the District Tuberculosis Officer, Ri Bhoi, Dr. E. Kalwing, State Coordinator, Tracy Kharkamni, Medical Officer, Byrnihat PHC, Dr. Pritom Marak and others.
Referring to the public meeting convened by some civil society organizations, Conrad said the truth is that the Dorbar Shnong has not given permission to them to hold the meeting. activities are purely personal.
Reports said that the arrested man was the ex-boyfriend of the girl and there was a fight between them.
“The Congress in its complaint said that in the videos and photographs circulated on social media, it was clear that the Chairperson walked alongside the candidate on Jowai Road.
“They are involved in looting the state, to destroy their own strength,” said the TMC leader while urging the Union Minister, Amit Shah, to take action on the case. you called it the “Meghalaya Land Scam”.
She turned off the light and went to her bedroom.
On the other hand, the JSU has urged the residents of the village to come forward to help their fellow citizens by donating their precious blood to the new blood bank in in the Jaintia Hills.
The training program was sponsored by the Department of Science and Technology (DST), New Delhi under the leadership of Prof. H. Kayang, Department of Botany, North Eastern Hill University, Shillong. About 50 male and female farmers of this village.
I went back to the village, and I didn't want to.
When Hiram's mother and colleague left work, they walked together until they reached Barik Point to wait for a taxi.
The last dorbar was very short and this is the same, if it is in this way it would be appropriate to discuss the issues on the streets and not in the Iingdorbar,” he said.
In terms of soybeans, our War Jaintia area is good at producing many soybeans especially sohniamtra and others.
She said that after discussions with the Ministry of Education and the NTA, it has been decided to allow those students who have failed to write the CUET examination in these days due to the examination centers outside the state.
The Seng also asked the following questions; “Who will take responsibility if there are any tragic incidents if there is no light in the rooms?
Shillong, July 20: Meghalaya on Saturday celebrated its 52nd Independence Day at the District Auditorium and Library in Tura.
Revelation 19:2
To reach all areas, the NHA has launched the Ayushman App for the issuance of Ayushman Cards.
When inquiring about this, Rupang has spoken to many elders, including village leaders and residents in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, June 27: The Jaintia National Union (JNU) has found that there are many illegal logging factories in Jaintia Hills which are still operating.
Parents are not in a hurry to form a family, if any of the children are of a different temperament and way of thinking.
They said that this project will be a blessing to the women who have completed the training programs so that they can stand on their own feet as the government supports through the MSRLS to the women in the SHGs. The Aide et Action project is a program to train women to continue and carry out their jobs and especially to stand on their own feet.
“As it is their custom, the Delhi government has been lying and cheating in order to mislead the people.
Meghalaya Government is now ready to hold Municipal Elections to receive funds from JNNURM Scheme? This is not the MP Area Development Scheme, MLA Area Development Scheme or MDC Scheme which cannot be used forever.
He added that when your husband needs to fight, don't blame yourself, by showing that you are in a weak body.
According to Bah Kyntiewshaphrang, the party has already met with the minister earlier to give his opinion on this, but he has not taken any action.
Regarding forms, tickets and other information, those who wish to take part or watch, please call 9615336553,
City goalkeeper Ederson saved Spur's Rodrigo Bentancur's attempt, while opponent Guglielmo Vicario saved City's Phil Foden's attempt. get to shutter from a distance.
Thank you, my parents, for showing me the way to earn money at this age.
Besides, the union demanded that the work should be handed over to qualified outsourcing agencies from the state and not from outside the state.
It was also found that the dealer has been hiding the rice since this month on the grounds that the DC (Supply) has not ordered her to distribute the rice to those who fall under the This is the AAY list because the beneficiaries of AAY have not submitted their Aadhar Card and others.
The main reasons why HANM, WW, Sengkmie and the people have protested to force the state government to build this road is because they have not seen a road for more than 24 years. If they want to come to Shillong, they have to use the Assam road, where they are often harassed by the Assam police, just because the state government does not have its own road, for the people. in this area.
The total cost of water supply will not be less than 20,000 tyngka if the households have water supply nearby.
KSU War Jaintia Circle on Friday inspected the health centers in Amlarem Sub Division. Although the preparation of the health centers has progressed, the KSU is concerned that if the disease strikes, it will spread. The Jaintia War is over.
The supervision of the Deputy Commissioners will provide assistance to the committee to work effectively with its members to set a date for consultation and visit in consultation with the committee authorities of Assam.
Besides four goals from Rumi Lyngdoh in the 23rd, 48th, 69th and 81st minutes, Winson Swer also scored in the 85th minute.
“So, it’s very important for us to work together to support each other in this transition.
It is learned that about six men, wearing masks, came into the ground floor of the house under construction and bombed three foreign workers, two of whom were killed. One person died at NEIGRIHMS and the injured were rushed to hospital.
It is the duty and responsibility of the ECI and the CEO of the State to ensure that the elections will be held in a smooth manner in which the people will have the opportunity to vote. of MPs to the Lok Sabha without coercion, intimidation, extortion, and other evils.
So the anticipation of playing overseas came to an end.
Therefore, we expect that after the end of the Dorbar Synrai of both the states in November, we will visit together and fix the date.
Nine schools and sports clubs from the West Jaintia Hills District have participated in the event. R.C Eve Secondary School, Mihmyntdu Secondary School, Women's Dongmihsngi Sports Club, Q.C Springside Higher Secondary School, H.K Singh Memorial Secondary School, Wasa United, West Jaintia Judo Association, and R.C Eve Lower Primary School, Mihmyntdu.
As a sign of sorrow and grief over the murder of Kong Mitelda L Marshillong in Riangpoit Thymmai, the residents of Riangpoit and surrounding villages on 21st June gathered for a march to protest against the murder of Kong Mitelda L Marshillong. to protest against the incident and to demand justice for the woman.
In East Jaintia Hills District, 1266 cases have been confirmed positive, while in West Jaintia Hills District, 908 cases have been tested negative.
The reason why the staff of the hospital have to stay in private houses is because the government has not provided them with accommodation even though the area is sufficient to build the houses for them. Doctors, nurses and staff will stay.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul congratulated the Army for conducting this training to prevent natural disasters and the state government is pleased to take part in this training. you are right.
In fact, selfishness is self defeating.
Once again, I urge the entire community to stand against the government's attempt to waste the money of the people in unnecessary areas.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) together with the community have rescued two cowboys from the hands of a group of Karbi kidnappers in Khanduli area, West Jaintia Hills.
The death toll of soldiers and civilians was terrible and according to statistics the death toll was between 13 and 15 per 1000 people.
What is more surprising is that the elderly man is not in a strong body and he has not been given oxygen to breathe at the time of his death. He said that he breathed from the lyer during his shooting and most of the time he said that he breathed in the morning and evening before going to bed.
(iii) The third pillar is strong love: Young man, do not rush into marriage if your love is not strong.
The previous government, after much opposition especially from the people of Narpuh Elaka, moved the block to Lumshnong and canceled the notice.
Star Cement, located on an area of ​​200 hectares in Lumshnong, is one of the leading dewbilat factories in the North East.
At the same time, the State Government has also decided to implement the Revised Scale for more than 32 teachers of Shillong Polytechnic and others after their transfer to the Directorate of Higher and Technical Education.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) has organized a traditional food cooking competition in four villages in Black Amlarem, Thadlaskeñ and Laskeñ blocks of West Jaintia Hills. from these villages they came to fight for the title.
“In my opinion, the best thing is to go to the court to give a decision so that we can clarify this issue,” said the former MLA.
He also announced the allocation of Rs 3 crore for the construction of a proper office of the Block which has been in operation since the time of Assam.
If the bording is turned off and ask the authorities, the answer is that the main line is tripped and if it doesn't work at all, if you ask again, they will answer that it is the hour of load shading.
His words are indeed helpful to cover the bitter soul of such an incident when God has taken away the heart (mother) of the household.
He said that we have already lodged a complaint with Paiem Balajied Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC and also with the relevant authorities to lodge a complaint against the Sordar but nothing has been done yet. there is no response from their side".
He said that recently, under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, he met with the Minister of Education in New Delhi, where the Minister promised to send officers to come and discuss the issue. and state government officials soon to understand the situation in the state.
“We thank God who has enlightened us that we have found our son and we will bury him according to the religious customs,” said the mother of the boy.
Surprisingly, according to Bah Ronie, the district administration of Ri-Bhoi has not been ready to comply with the order of the PAC. Ri-Bhoi, it appears that it doesn't want to give an answer and shows the wrong attitude,” said Bah Ronie.
She also won the titles of Miss Personality and Miss Catwalk.
Strongly alleging that his arrest is a conspiracy of non-native police chiefs, Bah Gabriel alleged that many of the Investigating Officers (IOs) are not indigenous.
Jevelin Shadap won the Man of the Match and Most Sixes.
However, the Khasi culture has changed completely.
Deibormame Tongper scored three goals and was named player of the match while Nakul Ajay scored the other goal.
Eve believed, and took of the fruit, and did eat, and gave also unto her husband with her; and he did eat.
The greatest way to express our uniqueness as a nation, it can be said that the clearest and most obvious answer, is in the form of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, which expresses the covenant between mankind and You are the Creator.
Jesus forgave the woman who cried out to her father.
The Meghalaya High Court has directed the State Government to restrict the movement of trucks from the Damsite Bridge as the bridge is old and can no longer support the heavy load.
However, if planted properly and fertilized, it can yield up to 800 to 1000 mon per acre.
The High Level Committee on ILP, headed by the Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Bindo M Lanong, in which the Chief Secretary of the State is also a member, government employees and civil society groups. The decision of the HLC has been rejected by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, accusing the HLC of implementing the ILP. economic development, tourism and other reforms of the state.
Nangkiew Irat had the best chance in the 36th minute when Abhishek Verma took the lead but his attempt went wide before the break. Rangdajied FC have scored a goal after Ieitlang, who got the ball and took the lead, managed to pass the opponent's defender and only then released the ball by throwing it into the net. Vanlalhruata couldn't save the ball that went into the net.
The Pa'iem said that these days, there are many foreign scholars who come to teach the people of this area and then they leave. , that they are the ones who teach the tribes to preserve their customs and traditions, but on this subject, he said, “But we have been taught from the beginning and now it is only that we I can't put it in my writings.
At the same time, he alleged that it cannot be clear that there are some law enforcement officers or police involved in this case.
Where are the friends and relatives whom they love so much, Who will sit next to them and cry? Who will comfort them and relieve their anxiety? Who will tie the bell? Who will be admitted to church? There is no time to pray, There is no time to pray, There is no time to do as you used to do, For no one can hold the hands of death.
Therefore, with the division of the District Council in Shillong, a new CEM will not be elected, as the current CEM is from Jowai.
However, because of their strong will and strong lyngkor on their shoulders, they have been able to fight against the raieh raidam to steer the ships and now they have become very skilled in this game.
“If these frontliners have to spend their own money to treat themselves from the disease or to provide for their own needs in the slungs, after they recover, will the Government send them? How do you know that you are face to face?"
“This money should have been used within 12 months to set up the DTL at the Pasteur Institute, Shillong,” the report said.
He also praised the ability and hard work of the government employees, who have been entrusted with the responsibility of registering and checking all the requirements related to this task, until they have been able to publish the list of voters within the District.
Hek said that he has also spoken to the Deputy Manager regarding the use of vehicles to leave the city or to leave the city to Mawiong. He said that there are those who take advantage of the demand to pay 1000 or 1200 rupees from Mawiong in the city and this will defame the state and therefore the BJP does not want such a thing. will happen.
Leading national and international companies have started their operations from the Shillong Technology Park.
At least 18 people have been killed and seven others injured in the collapse of a well in Malad at 2 am this morning.
The vehicle fled from Nongsing Naka and drove away from Nongsing Naka, which threatened the ANTF personnel as well as the police at Naka in Ningsning. The vehicle was seized near Khliehriat PS and after a search, 57 hidden song were recovered.
Drug enforcement continues to be a top priority for the Police Department.
When you elected me as MLA I will fulfill my duties and I don't understand why you have to gather the people only within 3 months of winning MLA while during the tenure of Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma didn't. do something," he said.
This assistance is small, but it is a big job, because when the refugees are desperate, the civil society organizations are able to enter the villages to provide assistance.
Eiladki added their second goal in the 71st minute.
The children of the Sein Raij Jowai have gathered to celebrate with traditional costumes and traditional music.
In order to increase the benefits of TV viewers, the Government has urged all privately operated TV satellite channels to try to broadcast these information in Hindi and other languages. original spirit.
On the other hand, Bah Banteidor said that farming without the use of fertilizers should also encourage the farmers and the farmers should not use too much fertilizers.
But the Word of God teaches that all glory and honor and power belong to the Son of God, the Lord Jesus Christ.
According to the findings of the union leaders, the cost of the 6-year-old patient is 22,000 tyngka, and the family has to pay 12,000 tyngka from their own funds.
“We are working hard to look at the financial assistance to see if we can expand the schemes to cover more colleges in the districts, sub-divisions and blocks because we feel it is needed from the ground up,” he said.
There have been 169 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
Farhan Akhtar has praised the Rajasthan government for its Film Tourism Promotion Policy. parts of the country as well as those abroad.
According to a survey, the total value of sohphan smuggled in Garo Hills is T.118 crore. The sohphan smuggled in East Garo Hills is worth more than T.118 crore. 434 klut pat in the whole of Garo Hills in 10 years.
Furthermore, most of the deaths of covid-19 patients are the health workers and the police who have to bury the bodies.
The Samaritan woman said to him, “Come, see a man who told me all the things I ever did. Is this really the Christ?” The Samaritans said, “Now and we believe, not because of thy saying: for we know that this is indeed the Christ, the Savior of the world.
However, Thomas Jones I did not fail in his attempt which brought back a GREAT BLESSING TO US AS THE KHASI NATION. U PREW is the knowledge of us as a nation.
“Since the 1960s, this factory has been a source of income for the people of Sohra area. of the people and bring an unsafe and uncertain future to the people of this area,” said the Seng Kynthei.
Regarding the allegation by Kong Pelcy Snaitang that there was a conspiracy to condemn Danggo, the president of the NPYF said that the conversation was on a WhatsApp Group, and it was on the issue of He said that the NPP is a Garo party, and this statement was made on 5th August 2022, he added that this allegation is only because they don't have any reason to “These leaders who have left the NPP know clearly that I will not leave the NPP, and their fear is that if the NPP nominates a candidate now, it will be a threat to Bah Danggo. “, said Bah Nongrem, recalling the MDC by-election in
The distribution of rice is 1 kilo per month including AAY and PHH cards. The distribution of rice is 5 kg per head only for those who do not have AAY and PHH Ration Cards. If they find that the dealers do not supply the kilos of rice or ask for money, they should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District for punishment. to them according to the laws laid down by the Government.
After the inspection,the committee reported that because the Sewage Treatment Plant of the school was not functioning, all the wastes materials from the school remained disposed in the Mawphlang Dam which is actually the source of water supply to Shillong itself.
The Mairang MDC's speech has shocked the Congress MDCs who have criticized the ruling party and the government especially the UDP which is part of the BJP-led North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA). Mairang also accused the UDP in the government of being like a rongser and should order the government to implement the ILP and if the government does not do so, it should leave.
Meanwhile, the DC of East Jaintia Hills said that experts from Coal India Limited will come tomorrow morning to inspect the condition of the coal mine and to provide assistance to the workers who have been trapped inside. doesn't.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Shama Mahamad said that the BJP-led Central Government has introduced the 125th Constitution Amendment Bill 2021, which means that the The seventh article has been passed to protect the identity of the rich in Meghalaya.
He said that according to the information received through RTI, it was found that the government has not conducted any surveys from the students, parents and teachers regarding this. you don't have to worry about it.
“The road show will start at 11:30 pm from the State Central Library to Khyndai Lad and here he will deliver a speech and after the speech he will return by helicopter to Upper Shillong,” said Ernest. .
Furthermore, the government has already signed a memorandum of understanding (MoA) with Athena Pvt.
“If the Government of India accepts the decision of the State Legislative Assembly to implement the ILP in the State, the Government will make rules whereby tourists will not be affected,” he said.
Many Khasi don't understand how to speak.
Speaking on the reasons for the no confidence motion, Teinwel said that the statements brought in the no confidence motion are not grounded.
“This government has not been able to satisfy the people as it has promised to the people of the state and now it will be up to the people to decide how this government should act,” he added.
God's Word tells us that the devil speaks.
Speaking to reporters, Bah B.Nongmalieh, Treasurer of AMTPCA, said that the purpose of the AMTPCA is to prevent the influx of foreigners into the state. who have destroyed all the wealth of the state and at the same time to open up opportunities for the youth of the state.
Besides, Bah Dkhar said that although the government has not allowed Hynniewtrep to renew its license, which has prompted the Hynniewtrep authorities to take the matter to court.
Shillong, July 05: The 50th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Umktieh under the leadership of Parish Mawbri was inaugurated on Friday by the Lyngdohsad of Shillong, Most Rev. Dominic. Jala SDB, DD.Before the Holy Mass, the Grotto was blessed by the Lyngdohsad who was the chief guest. years of the village church in that village.
Those who attended the exhibition had the opportunity to see the exhibition of products from Meghalaya.
He said that in 10 years about 2000 jobs and about 65,000 thousand youths looking for jobs every year and it is a huge number and if the opportunities cannot be created, it will be difficult for them.
He said that the MDA government has set a priority goal to improve the sports skills of the youth through financial assistance so that they can improve their skills and also to provide sports facilities. .
“This map shows that all the areas not claimed by Assam are within Meghalaya.
Zee TV chief Subhash Chandra, nominated by the BJP, has been defeated.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
On the other hand, the recently resigned MLA of Shillong East, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has congratulated Bah Hamlet for being able to give an accurate account to the voters on his performance in these elections. five years.
they shall speak well in the Legislative Assembly, for the good of all.
Shillong, July 25: The State President of the BJP Meghalaya, Wankitbok Pohshna, on Tuesday rejected the statement of the President of the MPCC, Bah Vincent H. Pala. Sabha from Shillong said it is surprising that the Congress is teaching the BJP about freedom of worship.
“To pyntiew sha Hep,” he ordered his sister. “To Bah,” she said. While Peter was drinking, he asked his mother to ask him how much it costs to make a sati synjat.
Under this programme, the Government aims to assist farmers who are the source of income in the rural areas by setting up Producer Groups (PGs).
This Village Organisation, although young in age, is ready to provide assistance as much as it can.
Speaking to media on 5th July, Dr Mukul said that the allegation by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong that Dr Mukul Sangma does not want ILP, but when he is involved in the ILP, government, any decision taken is with the consent of all the Cabinet.
For the first time, the Government of India on Tuesday granted citizenship to 14 persons under the Citizenship (Amendment) Rules, 2024 after the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act.
The leaders of the Nongshat Nongkhein Sengbah under the leadership of Bah Pran Jala, and others, have done what they should have done on their return to the Khasi religion.
Upon the incident in Mukroh, the city was in turmoil and various groups came out to condemn, gathering, raising flags and to other districts as well as this brutal act of the Assam police to shut down. kill the souls of men without thinking.
It may be recalled that the KSU has sent letters to the relevant departments and to the desk of the Minister of Home Affairs since last year.
If we compare India and America, we will find that we are still very far behind.
He created humans again and gave them the great responsibility to care for and preserve creation from generation to generation (Genesis 1-2).
The festival ended with fireworks and lights at the Law Kyntang Mawphlang.
At the same time, she sent her condolences to the family members of the deceased.
Shillong, July 30: The Area Manager of MeECL, Bah Benjamin V. Lyngdoh, has lodged a complaint with the Sadar Police Station that on the 26th of July, unidentified robbers have broken into the Pump House. It is located in Chandmari, Golf Link, Shillong.
“Yes, I am very proud of our village that the Rangbah Shnong has been involved in such a crime...” said a member of the Dorbar Shnong.
JOWAI: The Deputy Chairman of the JHADC, Ailad Bhoi, on Tuesday said, “I violate the order of the Meghalaya High Court which has ordered me to conduct the Dorbar convened by the Chairman. Council.
“We have never faced such a problem in the state and the reason is because there are no qualified people in charge of this department which every candidate does in the elections which is the most important thing when they win. “No one has taken action against this and as of now, the raikhoh seems to have ended,” he said.
"It's enough to play against the clubs taken over by Sergio Lobera, Stuart Baxter and Miguel Angel Portugal," Juan added.
In order to take advantage of this, the mission has strengthened fisheries issues in the state, such as land and to increase fish production, roads and other facilities, and create fish production and ability to build a population.
Speaking on the election, he said that if the people continue to vote with their hearts, there will be a great danger. “If we are still thinking like that, there is no point in talking about those issues.
Some may say that the hope of a new heaven and a new earth is imaginary and unrealistic or a "utopia"
While the two groups were fighting inside the police station, several people gathered outside, set fire to a police gypsy, a tourist taxi and a motorcycle parked inside the police station.
Thus, even young children suffer from diseases that affect especially the stomach.
We still remember that day when all the MLAs agreed on this.
Nongpoh, November 16: The Hynniewtrep National Achik Movement (HANM) Women Wing (HANM) has staged a hunger strike to protest against the government's failure to listen and implement the demands of the Hynniewtrep National Achik Movement (HANM). u road 13 Mer-Killing, Ri Bhoi, today the strike by the women leaders of the party has reached three days and some of the leaders have started to lose their strength due to the No food or drink from the 14th of this month.
After learning that Rida had received Panah, her relatives started thinking about the shop in the market.
The United States, England, Italy...now blame China for Coronavirus while Meghalaya blame Winestore.
The NPP intends to field its own candidates in all the Parliamentary Constituencies of the North East.
Speeches were also delivered by Anjali Bhawra, Secretary DEPwD, MSJ&E, Union Government, Sampath Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Social Welfare, SB Marak (MCS). , Nachiketa Rout, Director, NIEPMD, Chennai, Dr. Roshan Bijlee, Director, CRC- Kozhikode & Nodal Officer of CRC – Shillong.
The total prize money will be Rs.1,80,000/- (One hundred thousand rupees) and the entry fee will be Rs.1000/- (One thousand rupees) once.
The narrow road leads to heaven and the crooked road leads to hell.
Marvelene's Inn is owned by the son of Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh, Nathaniel Osbert Rymmai, who recently lost the mid-term MDC election from Sohiong-Nongspung.
Bah Lapang told Madam Sonia about the need to strengthen the work of the NECCC, which is one of the most important needs. Regarding the political situation in the state, Sonia Gandhi has sought a clear report from Bah. Lapang, on the political situation in the state and also wanted him to unite the situation of the Congress party in the state.
“I didn't want to hire a PSO even though they sent me because I didn't feel the need,” said SK Sunn.
He said that his appearance is to serve the people because the district council is to protect the customs and traditions of the land and should not discuss schemes.
The meeting with the management of Civil Hospital Nongpoh was after receiving complaints from the residents who expressed their concern about the power outage at the hospital. They have to live in the dark as the management of the hospital has not been able to provide the generator.
According to Krishna, “Meghalaya is a blessed state with such a beautiful natural environment.
“There are those who have applied for tickets but we have prepared the ticket before we issue the ticket. Those who apply for the ticket have to sign the approval of the ticket. ," he said.
He said that the union itself will not hesitate to come forward to hear their protest due to the silence of the NEHU authorities even after the union has already announced in the past few days.
It helps to lay a solid foundation for literature.
“The import of chickens from outside the state poses a threat to the health and safety of the consumers, as there is no step to check the health of the chickens imported from outside the state,” he said. The VPP has urged the Government to take immediate action and take strict measures to curb the import of cattle and other animals from abroad for consumption. that it shall not be for the benefit of the wildlife farmers of the State or by setting a price for the benefit of the wildlife farmers of this State.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of MTD, Dr. Marco Mitri, said that the Center will provide medical treatment and assistance to the youth of Mawlai who have come to Mawlai. she is willing with the intention of leaving their sins.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Michael Pakynteiñ, resident of Shillong West Constituency, has lodged a complaint with the Chief Secretary, KS Kropha against the UDP MLA Paul Lyngdoh. The complaint alleged that Paul Lyngdoh has misused public money worth T.55,80,000 tyngka.
Dura Kalakgre village is located at the foot of the Nokrek Biosphere Reserve, 40 km from Tura.
He said that harassment and intimidation will lead to differences of opinion and could disrupt the peace talks.
Nangbah village has two candidates from the same village, BJP and PDF besides UDP, TMC and Congress.
The 17-year-old had already shot several bullets at the 15-year-old when her brother went to enter her room.
When asked where they met and how many hours they talked to Bah Ardent, “Yes, he just came from my clinic and entered for a while, we talked for only about 5 minutes. “It's not a real conversation, it's just a friendly conversation like an old friend and that conversation is not secret but it's public,” said Dr. Pariong. The time when Bah Ardent came was also a time when there were many people who came to take medicine and he was very busy.
“I understand the concerns of the people of East Jaintia Hills regarding the opposition to the import of coal from Assam and the government is fighting as much as it can to educate the people and I urge the people to cooperate with the government so that it will not. “Go ahead,” said Conrad K Sangma.
“All the children of Hynniewtrep stop displaying banners to show any group but we will stand together,” said Shem Rynniaw.
He said that this research will be of benefit to the District Council in that it can use these books of these children who research to make laws related to the jaitbynriew.
“I completed my three-year term.
During the programme, Vijaya Rahatkar released a video expressing the birthday greetings of all the leaders of 70 countries in the world.
This is not the truth.
Besides, regarding the spread of rnga not only in these areas, but in the district as a whole, it cannot be said that it is true, because the state government has violated the order issued by the The Supreme Court of the country has made it clear that the government, civil society and school children have been fighting for the preservation of the environment every year and month. jyo, it's just a joke and a trick of someone else's.
Shillong, Lber 09 :U Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Friday evening distributed meat to all the Ministers of the new government, the MDA 2.0 government led by the NPP. The Minister has appointed 10 departments including Cabinet Affairs, Platyngka, Forest & Environment, Home (Political), Planning Department, Mining & Geology, Election, Personnel & AR Department, Program Implementation & Evaluation Department, Information Technology and Communication Department and other departments that he has not given to other Ministers.
The misery of life in the 19th century in England forced even young children to work as day laborers to support and provide for food, clothing and other basic household needs. no shame.
Therefore, in order for God to be pleased with us, we need to repent.
Also present at the meeting were Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, Superintendent of Police, Dr PN Chyne, Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Kong JM Umdor, Asst Commissioner of Sohra Civil Sub-Division; Bah PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Finely L Pariat, Organizing Secretary, Sohra Run and General Secretary of MSOA among others.
The program started on Tuesday when BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin first submitted his remarks.
The first time I heard about the Teapot Dome Scandal in the United States.
Members and leaders of the Khasi Students Union Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Vice President Phanuel Tongper, after receiving information about the murder of this woman, met with the family members and residents. village to learn more about the incident.
He said that from now on, any government department inviting applications for recruitment will have to specify how many Khasi and how many Garo have been allocated for the vacancy.
The rally started from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai at 8 pm and was laid by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, RS Manner.
Kentli Tangsang, Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, together with Melajied Khongbuh, Assistant Publicity of KSU Nongtyngur Unit and Hillstar Ïawbor, Assistant Publicity of KSU Nongtyngur Unit. The Chairman of the Raid Lyngkhat on the 1st of March 2023, visited the Kynjat Lyngkhat Stadium which is one of the most famous sports grounds near Bangladesh.
God was pleased to proclaim this message to the shepherds so that the world would believe in that miracle, because the shepherds were simple living and knew nothing but the truth. .
In the men's play off, Mawshynrut Block beat Rambrai Block 8-0 in the first leg of the match at NDSA Nongpyndeng Stadium. In the men's category, the team has qualified for the semi final.
The vehicle carrying the unidentified man fled the scene after the incident.
Therefore, to support the livelihood and income of the land vendors, the Government of India has announced and allocated special loans through banks that the land vendors can take to support and increase their income.
Speaking at the meeting, Daniel Khyriem said that the KSU does not leave behind its fellow citizens outside the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The Congress, on the other hand, which opposes the CAB, has 46 members and needs the support of its allies, such as the Trinamool Congress, DMK, NCP and other parties. the world.
During the march, the members chanted slogans like “We want justice” and “Justice delayed, justice denied”.
Thank you B Arnes Syntem, Secretary.
When people or vehicles enter and leave, they turn with their lyngkdong and one hand with their backs, which means to enter and leave.
He added that the approval to take over is the point at which they will start moving forward to dig. He said that everything will go according to the plan they have, with the use of the the powers of this age as they have planned.
The desire of many is because they have tired of those leaders who are merchants who have come to buy their rights with deceptions and promises that are not as they know them. the issues of the people but only before the elections.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong, cannot fail to strongly condemn the people who were involved in the destruction of the cemetery belonging to the Seng Khasi Mawlaingut.
When asked about the decline of morality, Father Richard said that perhaps following what they see from other nations has degraded our human morality.
Those who are older or more closely associated with the company receive bills exactly every month while those who are younger receive bills for years.
Those who do not wear masks will have to dig a grave for those who have died from the corona virus and this is the incident that is happening these days in Indonesia.
Gaurav Jain, Executive Vice President, South Asia, Reckitt said, “This partnership is very meaningful as it allows us to participate with many young people as well as young people in the North Eastern region, and contribute to the long-term goal of a healthier and more sustainable tomorrow".
The committee will comprise five members from both the states and will be announced by the states respectively.
We have already met with the Prime Minister and he has directed us to meet with the officers and he has promised that we are the teachers who have been appointed as Sanction Post in Deficit Schools and we are entitled to receive the allowance. “However, the promise is still pending and the officers have not been able to do anything and we are still waiting for the approval,” said the President of MRDTA.
Shillong: Today, 30th June 2022, the Sohra Syiemship Youth Voluntary Association was established.
The Rangbah Shnong of Phramer and members of the KSU Jowai Circle including the President, Mr. Ioannis Suchiang, Gen.
Although the State Government should not hesitate to ignore other districts which need adequate garbage dumps as the expenditure of the residents has increased significantly as the months and years have passed.
He said that the government will improve the implementation of this project by helping those who are self-employed to purchase vehicles so that tourists can drive these vehicles as at present Speaking on the BJP's demand for resignation, MR said that there is a shortage of vehicles for tourists in the state who cannot get the vehicle they want. “I have not received any writing on this issue and what the BJP leaders say is also said as private individuals,” he said.
Over time, the race to show the majority has become more interesting because the more majority candidate has more hope.
Recently, the BJP MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, said that Bah Hek's claim that he had gone to drink with TMC MLAs to join the BJP is without any information. organization, and probably his private business alone.
During the inspection, it was seen that all the leaders of these four parties, including Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU, Bah Welbirt Rani, President of the FKJGP, Bah Sadon K.Blah, General Secretary of the HNYF and Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF. place, in order to prevent any disturbance.
They demanded that the PF should be given to the members, so that they can know the amount of money before depositing it into their accounts as usual.
He also expressed his regret over the disappearance of MIPRL which was one of the organizations that led the protest a few days after the shooting death of the two. face of the protest" he said.
“Who will take responsibility if any tragic incident happens to children? Why the Police have to take such a step is a question that we as the citizens of the State have to know and understand,” said the HYC. Shillong, March 6 : Ka The Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) strongly condemns the RSS, Bajrang Dal and VHP's violence against the youth who attended the convention held at Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh on 3rd March
Therefore, where is the growth and the prosperity, because the winner will think first of himself rather than of the region in his own kingdom.
On 13th March 2021, it sent a letter to the District Medical and Health Officer West Khasi Hills, saying that if the proposal to build the CHC cannot be implemented, the DM & HO and the His office will be pleased to confirm, so that the soskular which includes the map and the area of ​​the land can be cancelled.
“This government wants to abolish the District Councils even though they are empowered by the Constitution to stand firm to protect the rights of the minorities and ethnic minorities,” said Shullai.
After the woman was rescued from the water, the 'seiñ iong' was still in the area because it was eating the small fish that the fishermen had put on the rock, and the young man managed to kill them. he gave it to the spirit of the bseiñ.
The election for the Sohiong Assembly Constituency has been postponed due to the death of one of the candidates for Sohiong, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who is the candidate of the United Democratic Party.
Gideon Mukhim 6', 50' and Sumarlangki Suting 68' scored the three goals.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with KHUBLEI Germany, today inaugurated a new school with 8 karma classes at Tome Memorial Hr.Sec School Mooralong, Jowai.
Mairang, June 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mairang Circle, has urged all schools, colleges, government offices and banks in the Eastern West Khasi Hills District, to take part in the celebration of the Peace Day. They were organized by the Seng Khasi Eastern Khasi Hills District.
Chairman of the Seng, Bah ON Marbaniang and Secretary of the Seng, said that after the public awareness campaign in collaboration with the Veterinary and Animal Husbandry Department, The union explains to all the doctors of the department that they should not be afraid to eat cow meat because the union has done what the department has ordered. do.
Daisy Kharsahnoh (7), Lateidaka Mukhim (13), Labuhti Khongsngi (25) and Ginialarissa Diengdoh (33) scored the goals.
The Minister said that they also intend to conduct a survey of the shopkeepers and to conduct applications in accordance with the rules and also to identify the places where the shopkeepers can be located. shopkeepers and those who cannot.
On the same day, sugarcane was also distributed to those who should have received it through the Public Distribution Scheme (PDS).
Shillong, Nailar 29: The Civil Society Women's Organization (CSWO) on Monday filed a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court to quash the decision of the Governor of Meghalaya to suspend the arrest. In the complaint, the CSWO has demanded that the Prevention of Disqualification (Amendment) Act should be repealed. , 2015 and to declare that Entry 9 of the Act, 1972, which was previously in this Act, is wrong and has been passed by the Governor beyond his authority.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that there are some villages where the people working at NEIGRIHMS hospital have not been allowed to enter their villages after returning from work.
Shillong, June 11: Meghalaya has now freed five districts from the outbreak of Covid-19 with all the active cases recovered.
Expressing their dissatisfaction with the Umsning Police Outpost, the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, immediately after the meeting, went to the Umsning Police Outpost, with the intention of asking for The Incharge of the OP, but because he is not there, they could not meet him.
In addition to her participation in India, Freida and Sharon Stone will be honored at the New York Women in Film and Television (NY WIFT) Muse Awards this year.
“This drought has been going on for more than 10 months since we started classes.
In this regard, a case has been registered under Madanrting PS Case No.97(09)2023 U/S 21(c)/29 NDPS Act and the struggle is now underway to arrest the perpetrators. I didn't, I went chess.
Referring to the MP election, Dr. Myrboh said that the campaign goes hand in hand with public awareness.
Heimon Dkhar (51, 78) and Soki Dkhar (56) scored the goals for Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu 3-2
Shillong Traffic Police have searched two wheeler drivers to find those who do not have a license and to arrest those who drive recklessly and speed on the road.
The Seng is also surprised to learn that this woman has not received any assistance from the government except for the medical bill of 20,500 tyngka. suffering from this longkmie.
It is a public participation in cleaning.
Thus we are the inheritance that saw the return of the children of Israel to their land (Israel).
“The CEC has re-empowered the Core Committee of the UDP to do whatever is necessary and to listen to the opinions of the CEC members. “We have to discuss, analyze and look carefully from all sides, as well as to give the best advice for our people, the Garo people, and for other people who have been divided into this State,” he said. he said.
Besides meeting with the residents, the Minister also visited the homes of those who have lost their loved ones in the floods.
Shillong, March 30: Mylliem MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew on Tuesday said that since 2014, she has not received any scheme to distribute to the people because the state government has not released the money.
The UDP won 17 seats while the HSPDP won 10 seats and 9 seats were contested.
Sakwang Sports Club beat Marshilong Sports Club 1-0, Kerlin Secondary School beat Bethel 2-0 and Three Broder beat Bethel 2-1 Mawbrei Lower Primary School beat Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat 4-0 and St Vianney's English School beat Mawlangwir Sports Club 1-0
Meanwhile, the dispute was between Mukul Sangma and Ma Vincent Pala, who has been acknowledged as one of the supporters of Bah PN Syiem, CEM of the state. KHADC.It is learned that in the past few days, during his visit to Shillong, Ma Vincent, had met with Bah PN Syiem, where he had a discussion on the bill against the army of Ma Vincent. Mukul Sangma and it is understood that it was through the support of Ma Pala that the CEM KHADC decided to resign from the post of MLA or MDC as well.
Therefore, the truth is that the ethnic parties will not unite and will be able to stir up trouble or join those who form the government just to get a piece of bread, without being willing to share or the group. If you are stronger than the UDP, you will be stronger than the UDP.
“The first priority of the Government is to provide roads to various villages,” he added.
He also congratulated the Minister of Urban Affairs Sniawbhalang Dhar, the Union of Village Headmen of Jaintia Hills and the CEO of the Jowai Municipal Board.
On the other hand, the Seiñ Raij Mukhla hopes that through the completion of this last lehñiam, it will bring prosperity and development in all aspects.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Lyngdoh encouraged the people to be smart and stingy to go hunting, as it is one of the parts that can bring health to the person, at the same time. The time has come for people to have a spirit of love for the environment and the environment.
The union also urges the new MLA of the constituency, Bah Methodius Dkhar, to take action on this important issue for the sake of the health of the people.
In the incident, the Meghalaya Police Battalion, which was covered with siej and tyrpa, collapsed.
Sanjay Sawkuta took six wickets for 25 runs while Gaurav Narleng took two wickets for 14 runs.
The Minister also had the opportunity to meet with the residents and directed the officers to develop a scheme to re-implement this Unit for the purpose of providing training to the residents and other necessities.
Before the end of the first minute, Sambor Kharsahnoh (89) scored one goal to strengthen Lajong's chances of winning the day.
The program was conducted by Samla Leningrad Tariang, General Secretary of KSU WJHDU. Speech was delivered by Samla Leiki Richard Tyngkan, General Secretary of KSU Kupli Area Circle. He said that the KSU is one of the organizations that works together with the village leaders in any good work in the community.
Regarding the presence of illegal residents in Iewduh, the CEM said that the District Council will seek clarification from the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima as no one is allowed to stay in Iewduh.
The cow and the beast shall eat grass, their young ones shall lie down together, the lion shall eat grass like the ox, the children shall play in the hole of the seinpuh, the child who has been left behind shall put his hand in the hole of the seinpuh. They shall not hurt nor destroy in all my holy mountain: for the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD.Isaiah 11:6-1
“When I turn to this issue of health promotion, I understand that it should not be provided only in urban areas and forget about rural areas or leave rural areas. Through modern tele-consultation clinics in the rural areas so that the people do not have to walk for many hours to get assistance but only by talking has been benefited and such clinics have been opened. Drones have been deployed to deliver medicines to 80,000 clinics and to deliver medicines quickly to such places.
We have seen with our own eyes that if the soul leaves, the body is useless.
Pynshngaiñ recalled that when he decided to contest from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency, all his people went to support Bah Alvin which led to his victory.
The award was received by Prof. Pranvir Singh, Pro VC, AdtU at a function held at NEDFI Auditorium, Dispur, Guwahati.
U Bah Shylla, has been an MLA twice and an MDC for many times, from Nongkrem, but whether he is an MLA or not, he is the one whose name is always in the newspapers. newsmaker and he is also good at reading all the newspapers, which other politicians don't do and for several years now, he has become good at writing, in which he writes many religious articles. and then the articles, which affect the society and as I said above, I found that the writings of Bah Shylla, are those that people like to read, especially in this age of social media.
During that 1,000 years, there will be no more death or death.
After a thorough discussion on the welfare of the Kur and how to manage the Kur, the Sengkur Pyllun elected the office bearers of the Kur Pyllun including Helping Phawa as President, Deijuh Siangshai as Vice President, Sannio. Siangshai as General Secretary and Kermi Phawa as Joint Secretary.
I went to the room where Halbert was.
They will never be able to express their feelings outside their homes, because they will feel that no one is listening even at home.
Shillong, June 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma today said that the state will not be able to resolve the border dispute with Assam if it goes smoothly according to the documents and maps. and the border of the Hima (historical facts).
He said that these are just the political schemes of those BJP leaders to cover up or it may be himself (Ao) because of these allegations from time to time against the BJP leaders. “The NPP welcomes the decision of the BJP to withdraw from the MDA government. Because the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and I as the The Symbud Myntri Rangbah stands on the ground that if the BJP wants to leave, it will leave because it has been defeated and it is too late for them to be in government”.
The methods of working and working also differ from one another and here and there they are similar.
“The vaccination will take time to complete. We cannot give him this vaccine at the same time and this vaccination can last up to 6 months or more or a year. Meghalaya should not be stingy and should follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare,” he said.
She said that she has no other plans but will explain when the time comes.
He urged the ASHAs to go to every household and explain to the parents of the children as many parents still need to be explained about this method of treatment.
He said the Central Government has allocated T.180 crore for the upgradation of the airport in Meghalaya.
Even Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who has spent time and energy campaigning, has not escaped criticism and criticism.
He has received an A grade from All India Radio and Doordarshan.
In the village, one household should respect another.
The rice is for the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) program of the Government of Meghalaya.
“Any violation will be dealt with strictly according to the rules of law,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
The program was attended by health officials from the Directorate of Health Services (DHS), NHM-Meghalaya, including health officials, students and members. employee of IIPH-Shillong.
To contest the MDC election, a candidate must deposit a security deposit of 5000 tyngka and the salary of those who win the election is 10 lakh 50 thousand if they are only MDCs according to the new salary. approved by the Governor.
“This incident should not be interpreted as racism.
“We don't want to lag behind but to rise along with other villages in Shillong,” said Bah Khongwir.
There have been complaints against the owners of the factories at the police station in Bara Hindu.
On the other hand, the doctors and nurses said that the PHC needs a new dewbilat building as the tin building is too old.
KJBWA President Generous Warlarpih said in a statement that these three persons include an employee of KHADC who pretended to be a meat farmer.
Until now, we have not seen the Information & Public Relations Department, Shillong, issue a statement expressing its condolences on the tragic incident. .
Whether you are weak or weak, hold on to your dignity because strength does not depend on your wealth but on your courage.
The incident happened at around 3 pm while they were playing football.
The time we have to play is a blessing.
Police have launched an investigation into the incident, said GK Iangrai, Assistant Inspector General of Police (A) .
To assist the youth to receive proper education in schools and colleges and to organize training in schools and colleges from time to time so that the youth can understand and avoid these to be dressed in the shrip of marriage at an early age and to avoid violating the laws of marriage.
“You can imagine the difference in the remaining funds and NEEPCO and NTPC are also in short supply.
“The good quality of tympew has made the villagers turn to this industry and especially because the price of tympew is not low but it is profitable for the farmers,” he said.
Shillong: After two months of construction and maintenance, the Tourism Promoters Trekking Society, Wahkhen has decided to reopen the bamboo trekking route to Mawryngkhang. Wahkhen village from 10th November 2022 onwards, so that tourists from all over India and also from other countries of the world will have the opportunity to visit and view this single largest monument. rock) who was also known as the king of rocks from ancient times.
However, the most important thing is to have a fair, accountable, transparent governance, in which the rulers as well as the citizens work fairly, act fairly and eat only from the water.
“When we read the provisions of the two Acts, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act 2007 and the Administration of Mylliem Syiemship Act , Rules, 2015 It is surprising that there is no explanation on the role of women and youth organizations in these two Mylliem Act 2007 and Rule 2015 while in many villages in the Hima Mylliem women have In the last few years we have seen many problems due to the struggle for the post of Rangbah Shnong in which we have seen the raising of the flag of opposition from time to time. office Dorbar Syiem Mylliem Hima in Mawkhar and also inside the Khasi Hills District Council grounds until the protest broke out to break down the KHADC gate,” he said. The MDCs of Mylliem Hima to listen carefully to the children of the Hima Mylliem to think carefully to come forward and contribute to the traditional Khadar system.
The rainfall in the last 24 hours in Sohra – 171.2, Mawkyrwat – 147.0, Mawsynram – 118.2, Ratacherra – 85.4, Pynursla – 79.0 and Tura –
The welcome and honor came after India beat Pakistan 3-0 in the tournament and the youngster Lionel Daryl Rymmei was the best scorer in the tournament, which was attended by Bangladesh, Bhutan, Maldives, Nepal and Pakistan.
Four others seriously injured were identified as Shalari Kharbani and Koderli Thongni of Sadew, Rangstar Kurbah of Lyngkhoi and Farizul Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi of Lyngkhoi. , said the SDPO, Bah IO Swer.
Buses carrying people also slammed into the Polo area from morning till night to complete their idol worship.
Because of the low revenue from the loan, the Department of Housing in January 2000 directed the Board to stop issuing loans for the construction of new houses and to reduce expenditure on its activities.
In a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, the village has informed that it will clean up the market and urged the district authorities to support this initiative of the Dorbar Shnong for the sake of cleanliness.
Nongpoh: U Michael Warjri, who was arrested by the Assam Police in connection with the incident at New Balakhwa, has been released from Guwahati Central Jail, Lokhra. He was released on bail by the Guwahati High Court.
Therefore, as one of the students who are still studying, I strongly request through this short letter, that the government as much as possible to think of us students who are suffering terribly, indeed the The truth is that if you have a battery in your mobile or computer, you will feel that it is not enough.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: In preparation for the upcoming elections, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PPP) Mawthadraisan Constituency on Tuesday held a meeting with the supporters of Parïong Rim Zone at Nongshilong. thousands of people flocked to the event.
Referring to the draw, the surprising thing here is that the draw of the clubs playing in the SPL of SSA is that Mawlai, who are the last team, have been included in the draw. Langsning FC, especially in this tournament, is that the winner of the groups will qualify for the semifinals.
This has forced us to come and talk to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take immediate action,” said Laitphar.
On the 11th of November, the second semifinal will be played between Wahiajer and Nangbah Iawmusiang at 1:30 pm.
However, before going to Lano's house, he went into Kongthei's house.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Nagaland by 140 runs in the U-19 Women's One Day League Plate Group match played in Dehradun on Saturday.
“Ka seng urges the state government especially the Minister in charge of Forest Conservation and Environmental Protection, to take action as soon as possible on this issue. “So that the purpose of preserving or protecting the forests will be meaningful in the eyes of the people,” he said.
The garbage collectors said that they found the body of a newborn baby after they were trying to clean up the garbage when they started taking some garbage bags from the residents.
Dr. Saralin, the TMC candidate, said that if she comes to power, the people of Mawhati will be ready to elect her as the leader. Mawhati, Market Complex, Model School and also to develop the Tyrso-Umru area for the arrival of the Amur Falcon from overseas.
Now, the question of the contribution of 0.7 percent or 0.7 per cent of the income of rich countries and the tariff on exports from developing countries to factories producing goods or services in rich countries, which will bring benefits and prosperity to backward countries.
The tournament was inaugurated by the General Secretary of FKJGP, Dundee Cliff Khongsit in the presence of the President of FKJGP, Bah Welbirth Rani, President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle, Bah Marbud Dkhar, who is also the Chief. Organizer, members of FKJGP, Mawlai, teachers and students.
In the second half, Nongrim Hills through S Sohtun scored the second goal in the 60th minute to win 2-1
Explaining this, Paiem Thwelson said that at the Dorbar Pyllung of the Bakhraw of Mylliem Hima which was held yesterday, the opposition ministers came out because of their desire to show beat the crowd and opposed the King.
The Community Hall is located in the Phan Light Hall.
Kochi, March 29 : Today at 9.40 pm, he has joined the NPP to contest the MP election. Two people were killed and several others injured when an IED exploded inside the Jehovah's Witnesses Church in Kalamassery, Kerala. .
It was witnessed that the dumper trucks and employees of the JMB at midnight on Friday and this morning on Thursday cleaned these garbage using a puh shilum to clean the garbage.
Ardent was speaking at a meeting of the VPP in Mawkyrwat on the day of the addition of members for Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Constituencies.
He said that according to information, in Bhutan, teachers are paid more than employees, but in this state, it is the opposite.
As the people we must understand and we must also be wise to choose and look for leaders.
The affected areas of Aknonggre, Gadarugre and Daddenggre in South Tura have been flooded but people have no place to escape as even schools have been flooded.
The bill was introduced by Kirodi Lal Meena, BJP MP from Rajasthan.
Jindal has been criticized for his tweet against the Prophet Mohammad on July 1,
Radhakrishnan's father, Servapalli Veeraswami and mother, Sitamma, came from a poor family where the father earned a low salary.
Speech was delivered by Bah Dapmon Khonglah of Nongmynsong Dorbar who praised the police for doing this work.
Lalduhoma was sworn in as the ninth Chief Minister of Mizoram on Thursday along with 11 Government Ministers.
They called the police at 2 pm but when the police arrived they could not do anything and until 5 pm they were taken to the police station and called their relatives but until 9:30 pm. Their relatives did not come out and a civil society organization was called to help them.
Jowai, Jymmang 16: The new Chairman of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB), Lasooki Lakiang today said that the Municipal Department in consultation with the CEO has decided to appoint a ways and means on how to reduce waste generation by separating them from perishable and non-perishable.
Nongstoiñ: Theft and robbery incidents have increased rapidly in Nongstoiñ this month alone. Police have arrested several persons from the city of Nongstoiñ. complaints from the people regarding theft incidents and so far most of the theft incidents in Nongstoin are schools.
His contribution to cricket will be remembered in Mumbai,” the MCA said on Tuesday.
The shortage of fertilizer is no longer a new issue for the farmers, every year they face the same problem and the government is not able to provide fertilizer on time.
Where do you get the cure for corona? Can you prove it? If you don't prove it, you should be punished.
The rules and regulations of the Ri-Bhoi District authorities have not been implemented at all as trucks with heavy loads have been passing through the Dwarksuid road despite the snowfall.
Sardar Jan Mohammad Khan Khujli, 50 years old, welcomed his 60th son, Haji Khushhal Khan, who was born in just got it recently in the past few days.
The Rangbah Shnongs and other officers informed the Governor about the lack of mobile connectivity in the border areas and requested him to expedite the Shillong-Dawki road project.
The program was conducted by Chibormi Siangshai.
As a nation, we are proud that as the days go by, the Students Union of the State, has taken the lead by erecting statues of the heroes of the nation, such as Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, u Kiang Nangbah, whom we believe will continue to save or preserve and also to preserve many of the heroes of the nation, who have stood to protect not only by the war, but even those who stood up to fight by preserving the traditional faith, then in literature, song, dance, music and traditional music.
The Seng Kur Warjri also announced the contribution of the former Khliehduh Bah DL Warjri, who passed away last year and now Bah George Warjri has taken over the post of Chief Minister together with his team. work.
In South Garo Hills, there are 8 cases in Siju cluster.
A total of 1175 dancers including 618 male and 557 female dancers have participated in the Weiking Festival.
Hering Shangphliang is the first coach from the state to receive the AFC Pro license.
Zenithsky, who was summoned to the House after the Privilege Committee found him guilty of violating the rank of MLA, said: “I apologize to South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma and the Member of the Privilege Committee,” Zenithsky said inside the House.
The FKJGP also supports the KSU of South West Khasi Hills District for leading and moving forward together with the Village Youth Wing and the Village Authorities of Mawkyrwat area. The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare Department, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on the occasion of the drug trafficking in South West Khasi Hills District.
What should I do or think about when I am at the injection site? 12.
He said that many people have applied for tickets from the party but the party has not yet decided who will win them from both the constituencies.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong, today said that the fifth test conducted on a person admitted to the Civil Hospital for Covid-19, has tested positive for Covid-1 The result was negative, but to confirm the complete recovery of the person, he will have to be tested again after 24 hours.
Besides the T.15 lakh fine that Bah Julius will have to pay, the government will have to pay another T.5 lakh to the child.
Explaining about the harassment, the Rhongkum Village Leader said that the victims include the people from Amlympiang, Amdoh, Rhongkum, Amsku, Kyrweng and Mutakpur. , in which he said that the BSF troops were attacked when they were returning from the market where the people had come to pay for their goods.
On the other hand, the President of AMC&SA, Bah BL Nonglait, said that the problem of the local contractors is that the MDA government is trying to change the working methods in various departments. a turnkey system.
The greatest threat to any nation in this world is the forgetfulness or ignorance of the ancestors of the sword, the heroes who fought to save their nation from the attacks. foreign rule and at the same time from eternal slavery.
The Dorbar Shnong Chutwakhu today announced to close the Iaw Chyiap market for 36 hours as a sign of support for the closure. of Tympang Village Council, Jowai.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of the house of Kong Simple Jones Pakynteiñ at Yiengkieng Myntdu, Jowai Elaka. The meeting was attended by the residents and land owners. you're right.
In the first half, Mawnianglah Youth SC and Risa Colony SC drew 1-1 each at 4:45 pm.
According to police sources, the incident happened at around 9:30 pm last night at a shop of her brother in Chiehruphi near Topcem Cement.
According to the report of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, two persons have been infected with the disease from Dong Rymbai Wapung Shnong last month and they had contact with the first case.
He said that to protect the vulnerable, he will seek all these through the law so that there will be no discrimination and so that those who are entitled to receive assistance will receive it.
- Map 31-10-2013.
Meanwhile, Government Boys Higher Secondary School won the Under-16 Boys category after Ïoh-i-Ksan Lyngdoh won two gold medals in the 100m and Shotput.
Now the decision is up to them,” said Prestone.
Furthermore, a meeting was held on 28th March 2015 to approve the establishment of the University at Kyrdemkulai.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister also briefed the Union Home Minister on the development works and the scheme from the Ministry of Social Justice which is pending for approval. the Union cabinet.
How long will we the people wait for this? Shouldn't we decide to bring about change in 2023? The time has come for us the people to take responsibility and shape our own future.
We the people have to listen.
Thus, divorce will have a profound effect on the wife and children.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today announced on Twitter that the Central Government has approved the allocation of T.43.70 crore for the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem road. The 14.900 km section of the NH-40E has now been turned into the NH-2
Khliehriat, July 16: Police of East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of Additional Superintendent of Police, Bah Banraplang Jyrwa, MPS today raided Jalapher village. Bri-Sumer investigated and in the evening they entered a cow pen and found four people and also found many carton boxes placed inside the house and inside the cow pen. These cartons contained a lot of explosives, so the police seized up to 40 boxes of paper containing explosives and the four people in the cowshed were arrested. catch them.
Pastor Iaringhorn has written 28 books, 26 in Khasi and 2 in English.
If this is true, the people will vote for the parties that get the government.
Therefore, the education of children is no longer adequate and accurate.
there is a time for everything.
He said that for the indigenous people of Meghalaya, there is a special 5 percent or 7 percent for those from the backward areas.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah also congratulated the work of Dr Donkupar Roy (late) who has been able to develop the Shella area and the people living in it.
This question is taken from the Gospel of Matthew 4:4 and we remember that before Jesus began to fight and perform miracles, He was led into the wilderness to be tempted.
On the Tenancy Act, Paul said Assam has seven tenancy laws but there are about 5 million Bangladeshis.
In the incident, the house of Long Nonglamin was robbed by only one person who covered his face and it is suspected that this person is known to the family.
However, they cannot yet set up fire brigades, but if the public cooperates, they should take action themselves, so that it will not catch fire because in these days when the trees and shrubs have burned well, the fire has burned. meh hi.
They said that they had met with Bah PN Syiem, CEM, KHADC on the 24th of this month, where the CEM promised to call the officers to resolve this issue. They said that the CEM has been given a day's notice to resolve the issue.
The United Nations has expressed its strong condemnation of the incident and said that the perpetrators should be punished according to the rules of law.
He added that if this has not been done, the Meghalaya government should act immediately and summon the Assam police to appear before the Meghalaya authorities.
When the Spirit of God no longer fights with man, destruction and misery will overtake him (man) at any unexpected moment.
The newspapers have shown that those workers who came on foot from Ri-Bhoi and who slept comfortably in 6 inch rben beds and received beautiful blankets, besides food.
Two other schools which have set up these labs include Divine Words Secondary School, Lumshnong and Latyrke Secondary School.
Speaking to media after the inspection, the CEM said that his visit was to inspect the jyntei and the basa in the Ïew die lang. He said that regarding the number of foreigners selling land, he has directed the Syiem and the Hima Mylliem to collect a census of the number of foreigners selling land. and to submit to the council within 10 days so that the council can do its part to remove especially those who do not have documents.
“I have said from time to time that the election in this state is very different because when the people decide to vote they vote for a candidate whom they love and recognise, who can serve, who has a relationship with them and especially who they feel close to.
He said that through this information, it was found that the Revenue & Disaster Management has already paid up to T.6 crore 66 lakh to the victims of COVID-1
You block the internet, you block freedom and school children can no longer read.
This is “" Read the book “2
About T.190 crore has been spent for the development of skills development opportunities for the people in the region and the development of Government Training Centers which were established between 2014 and The new Skill Development Institute has been established.
Therefore, 360 days x 3 years = 1080 days.
In his speech, he urged the youth of the area to avoid drugs and alcoholic beverages which work hard to destroy the nation and destroy the families and society not only in the area. city ​​but has reached even the rural areas.
The Chief Guest also expressed his gratitude to the author, who has worked hard and has been able to bring out the things that God has done in a clear writing style.
Is there anyone in the world who is stupider than me?” The words of that friend shocked me.
The MLP beat Nongdaju SC by 5 goals to 3 goals in the first leg of the second leg at the New Stadium. Nonstop.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger on Friday said that several members of HANM had visited Miracle Spring View Guest House in Mawdiangdiang on the morning of the 3rd of this month. and warned the visitors of the Guest House.
In the past few days, the temperature has increased in the state where the Meteorological Department has issued warnings regarding the rise in temperature. throughout the state of Odisha.
Langsning's players after the goal, fought hard and went straight to the end of the goal and scored many times.
Women who are well and under 30 years of age" expressed the mother's thoughts. "Then shall we consider the age of the child or the character of the person?" “I don't know, but this will be a surprise to me and you,” said the mother, who was happy to answer the father's question. “It's still tyngkhuh, but how long will it last?” said the father with a wiat rymmuin.
Pangniang said that on this issue, the party will continue to monitor and demand and put forward in the election campaign to raise awareness among the people of the state.
The Draft North East Water Management Authority prepared by Jalshakti, Government of India, which has sought the opinion of the State Government to improve the water supply of the rivers, was discussed and a committee headed by the Chief Secretary was set up. There were also other departments to advise the Government of India.
She said that she had already known that the baby inside her womb had died since she went to get medicine at the private health centre. The victim was taken to Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Prestone, the President of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit, Samla Laitphar Syngkrem, said that Prestone immediately ordered the DC to West Jaintia Hills to investigate and convene a meeting and immediately remove the illegal BSF personnel from Amlarem market.
The National People's Party (NPP) has announced its candidate for the upcoming elections. Santa Mary Shylla from 16-East Shillong Constituency, 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong (MDC) from 9-Nongpoh Constituency, Dr Jasmine Lyngdoh from 21 - Nongthymmai Constituency Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait from Mawthadrishan Constituency 31 and Grace Mary Kharpuri from Shella Constituency
For those who wish to donate to become a member of Nikshay Mitra or to support TB patients, individuals or groups can register on the Nikshay Mitra portal, or email or contact the District TB Officer or phone at
The meeting was also attended by the National General Secretary of the NPP, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and others.
In Gujarat, the home of Modi and Amit Shah, the people have accepted the Uniform Civil Code and want to start from Gujarat. In February 2023, there will be a general election for the North Eastern States including Meghalaya which was once considered as a Christian state of India.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has decided to continue its strike after failing to end the discussion on the roster system called by the government in Shillong on Thursday.
Shillong, Lber 7: While on his way to Mawtajuh-Khad-Ar Shnong, when he reached the entrance to Kshaid (12 Shnong), this reporter saw that there was an earthquake. The road to Kshaid Village which has to pass through War-War Village has been blocked by rocks, small stones and collapsed soil.
Both of them arrived at the MSOA office on the afternoon of 22nd November, 2023 to meet with Finely L Pariat (Organizing Secretary) and John F Kharshiing Co-Chairman of the 2nd Sohra International. Half Marathon 2023.
On the other hand, Bah Kharkongor said that these two constituencies are the ones where the people who come to vote with enthusiasm, and the number of voters who come to vote are too high. He said that most of the voters were from Jaintia and Garo Hills.
Even in these months of corona, we have seen many Khasi who accuse the Lyngngam without any reason of saying, “lyngngam bam byin”.
He said the minister has been demanded to take action to ensure that the sub-centre will operate from the building which the government has already built before Christmas.
If it is evil to do good, there is no need to say that Christians do wrong,” he said.
Therefore, the people request the government authorities to look into the matter.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation into the incident.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Umdamli Village, Umsning District, has declared the village as a Containment Zone due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-1 , or a place where people have been warned not to enter or leave the village, from the 27th to the 7th of next month.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Birbor Riangtem, Leader of the Union, said that since the government has awarded the contract to a contractor to improve and clean the road, the people of the area have been kmen he catdei.
Other sources said that at 4 pm today, police have arrested the President of KSU Mawlai Circle, Biangbor Paliar, who is also the Organizing Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle. He was arrested from Mawlai together with a member of KSU Mawlai Circle.
All these Maoists are residents of Kistaram, Sukma and have been working within the party for the past 4 to 5 years.
According to the Chairman of JACATAM, the Minister of HRD was surprised to learn of the insults of teachers in the state because the central government invests a lot of money in the state government.
Tomorrow, the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister's Secretary and Cabinet Ministers will leave for Mukroh to visit the homes of those who were shot dead and hand over the checks to these families.
Larger villages with many villages can also award prizes to the cleanest villages.
However, there are members of the state and political parties who are threatening that if the issue of reservation goes to the Supreme Court, the reservation in the state will be reduced to 50%.
There are people in the experiences of families in the sorrows that come in life instead of sympathizing, they speak evil, they tell bad stories, they don't sympathize, they speak evil, they tell bad stories to others.
Shillong, July 21: Nongkrem MDC Ardent Basaiawmoit on Saturday slammed the PDF leaders for refusing to come forward to explain the Village Administration Bill (VAB) at the Bus Stand. Representative.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, said, “Due to the bad weather conditions caused by Cyclone Remal, as predicted by the IMC, it will bring heavy rain and strong winds. in our District, it is important to put first the safety and welfare of students, teachers and staff of schools".
When asked whether there has been any pressure on him to join the AITC, Prestone said, “I don't need it but other MLAs are trying to persuade me.
Meghalaya women's team: Anastesia Shullai, Anjana Kumari, Awesaina S Marak, Carieyoka Lyngdoh, Dejianna M Sangma, Diya Biswa, Habandarisha Shangpliang, Jennyfer Fancon, Joannah Pyngrope, Lini Mandakini Ksoo, Mania Sangma, Mendy Ronta Adryna, Mawlong, Mawlong Steffenie Sohshang, Zoya TasneemStandby: Evanrihun Sohshang, Bijimme Ch Momin, Lawanjanai SynnahSupport staff: Rupashree Sharma (head coach), Bhakupar Mylliemngap (assistant coach), Sweetie Marboh (trainer), Jakrimbal D Arengh (phymanarbir Khasio), Pynarbir Khasio Meghalaya's matches are: vs Assam, 17th November vs Jammu & Kashmir, 19th November vs Nagaland, 21st November vs Delhi, 23rd November vs Karnataka, 25th November.
God had promised her many promises even though she did not know Jesus as their Messiah until today that they could not accept it because their spiritual eyes were blinded.
Kate, who was very excited, was shocked when England lost.
The operation, which was conducted at a London hospital on Great Ormond Street, took 50 hours to complete and another 100 staff were involved.
Royal Challengers Bangalore have announced the appointment of Kedar Jadhav as David Willey's replacement for the Indian Premier League (IPL). The remaining games of the team in this year's tournament.
At the same time, the union urges the contractors not to bring in foreigners in relation to the jobs that Khasi can still do or to provide documents such as work permit or labor license. According to the 1979 Interstate Migrant Workmen Act, they may be criminals who have come to settle in our state and threaten the nation.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the HYC, Samla Roykupar Synrem, said that the distribution of the HYC should explain to the public the losses that we as a jaidbynriew have suffered due to the signing of the MoU. The 2011 report, even after it has included many of the villages under the jurisdiction of the Hima Khasi, is not included in the report.
Jowai, Nailar 21: Ka Shnong Lapa-ngap has been facing problems since ancient times especially in terms of the condition of the road.
Uruguay and Venezuela have three points each, followed by Paraguay, Peru and Chile with 10 points each.
but after the amendment of the Sixth Schedule in 1972, that power was transferred to the President of the country and not to the Governor.
Therefore, the family members and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to immediately collect the body from the morgue of the hospital before handing it over to the Shillong Municipal Board for further investigation. which is necessary.
So any nation that attacks Jerusalem will be destroyed, because God has spoken.
Also present at the meeting were the party's Shillong Parliamentary Seat candidate Vincent H Pala, Opposition Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh, RBDCC President Charles Marngar, Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang and other leading leaders of the Congress Party.
“It is not difficult to win 100 percent, but it will take some time to reach this goal,” said Dr Laloo.
In recent months, the state has witnessed a mass protest by the Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan teachers who have suffered from the Government's non-payment of salaries for months.
The story of Great Escape tells the story of Bernard Jordan, a World War II soldier who at the age of 89 stole from a hospital to take part in the celebration of anniversary of D-Day.
With twelve fingers we draw, write and visualize the present and the future.
Shilong: U Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary of Hima Nongspung, in an interview with Rupang today, said that the damage caused by the attack on the 7th of June this year has reached 100,0 lakh tyngka, because the house costs 70 lakh tyngka, one car costs 400,000 tyngka, two computers cost 50,000 tyngka, two laptops cost 30,000 tyngka, the solar light does not 9,000 tyngka, LPG Gas 5,000 tyngka and clothes and other items that cannot be counted.
Do not leave a fire in the fireplace or burning lights without extinguishing them before going to bed. and the ringing of electrical wires shall not pass through the storage area.
There are two parts, which we shall discuss at this time:- Beloved of the Lord, let us know this truth, that God is the same yesterday, today and forever.
In this area, the temperature is very high and the people are facing health problems.
This is something that cannot be done.
If the Government of Meghalaya doesn't do anything like this, without thinking carefully about the schools, education in the state will continue to deteriorate. According to a report from the Government of India, the country's economy has reached its peak.
In the past 24 hours, the BSF has seized 33,000 kilograms of sugar smuggled to Bangladesh through the border areas of Meghalaya (South Garo Hills), India and Bangladesh.
Shillong: There have been 79 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 235 recoveries have been made, the highest number of recoveries in a single day.
But that time ended when the Gentile rule over them was ended, and of that, the Word of God speaks.
Speech was also delivered by the Chief Secretary, Carmel Suchiang Range Officer, who said that it is necessary to preserve the trees and that it is not allowed to burn the forests or cut down the trees.
In fact, according to information, there were those who wanted to join other parties but they had to wait because they have not yet released the MLA scheme which is still halfway through.
My friend said, 'Let's go and drink inside the shop.
LP School which provides education up to Class-IV. Students pass every year from this school but many of them cannot continue their studies because they cannot afford to go to other villages or schools. around.
In the 1998 election, he was defeated by Bah RA Lyngdoh of the United Democratic Party (UDP) but in 1999 he was elected as an MDC on the Congress ticket from Sohiong. Nongspung Constituency.
I should be very grateful to Chief Minister Conrad, just for this.
There are two parts of the race which include a 42km full race and a 21km half race as well as a 10 km race.
Lajong will enter the match with 19 points and are fifth in the table with five wins, four draws and two defeats.
The sky on Sunday evening was blue in Bulgaria and the picture spread quickly around the world.
He said the police are trying to find out how he escaped from jail using a bed sheet.
“Before forming the government in 2018, we had already had an agreement with the late Dr. Donkupar Roy and we want to continue and respect that, and in 2019 we have a joint candidate which the UDP has nominated.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has not released any information on the rainfall and showed that there was 0.2mm of rainfall in Shillong, 1.2mm in Umiam and 1.2mm in Umiam. pat, no rainfall at all, until 2.30 pm.
He said that this time when he wins again, the first job that has been given to him should be to repair all the damage that the MLA who won in 2018 has brought to Sohiong. .
U Bah Shangpliang said that hundreds of private individuals have come to him to seek assistance in their needs and they are happy that once they come to him, only once they speak to him. get what they want.
The Mumbai attacks, which lasted from 26th to 29th November, 2008, are memorable in how Pakistani terrorists entered the country to attack innocent people. shoot openly what they see.
Saiñdur Mihmyntdu scored the third goal in the 41st minute through Chibor Phawa.
He said all 14 were together and no one got away.
Not for 1000 years.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday inaugurated the Dalu Civil Sub-Division in the presence of MLA Brening A Sangma. , as part of the long-standing demand of the people of the area as a whole.
The union said that the people who should benefit from the Chief Minister Social Assistance Program (CMSAP) implemented by the Social Welfare Department of the State Government through the CDPO office in Mawsynram Village.
“The Meghalaya government should take note of the KSA's claims on the border demarcation issue because they say they will change it like what happened in Manipur.
The 10 women candidates nominated by the Congress party include Jhanika Siangshai from Khliehriat, Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh, Bethleen Dkhar from West Shillong and Venetia Pearl. Mawlong from South Shillong, Banidashisha Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Lakyntiew Sohkhlet from Sohra, Pynhunlang Nongrum from Mawkynrew, Deborah C Marak from Williamnagar and Uttora G Sangma from Ampati.
“The HNLC which has been fighting for 35 years against the government is the Hynniewtrep Nationalism or the love for the Hynniewtrep people to protect the people whether it is under the Constitution of India or not. However, we need to get recognition as a nation,” said Bah Manbhalang.
Nongpoh, November 29 : The Ri-Bhoi Artist Group today launched the two day Ri-Bhoi Cultural and Food Festival held at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium. .
It is money that corrupts and destroys politics.
However, as the days go by, it has been seen that there are people who don't care about the vote anymore, but have turned it into a ticket to get money from any candidate who uses it by giving money to the people. There are also those who don't want to take money but don't want to vote because they feel that if they vote they don't get any benefit which is only for the benefit of someone else, but they don't think far ahead. This stingy counting has also led to the fact that some people do not want to vote.
When we are filled with love, we look after and care for others more than ourselves and do things beyond our needs.
At the General Meeting, it was also decided that all the leaders and supporters of the UDP should take responsibility to strengthen the party, as the party's main goal is to reach power and as well as to get power after the 2018 elections, he added.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Twitter said that T.169,72,91.678 crore has been released to 61,116 thousand students in the state.
When they returned to the house of Bah Shanbor, they were very happy that they had earned 10 lakh tyngka without working hard but only with the right words that they had won against the enemies.
Shillong, July 24: U Damutlang Marboh of Nongrah, who lost his left leg in a car accident, was received by a shopkeeper on the afternoon of July 24, khutia pearls to earn a living and support his family.
The Cabinet meeting will also be held at the cow farm in Agar Malwa on 22nd November.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : A motorcycle parked near the road in Jhalupara has caught fire this morning.
“I have been in the HSPDP until the end of five years, I have been in the ruling party, I have been in the opposition but I am in the party and it is now that the five years have passed that I have left,” he said. said Teilinia Thanksgiving.
Leaders of the Muster Roll including Dameki Paswet as President, Radadeisar Passah, L Pariat as Secretary and others have met the DC to submit a petition to express their views. their problem.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India (CAG) has revealed that the cess amount of T.1,193.30 crore from 2017-2018 to 2021-22 has not passed through the cess. The cess collected by the DMR has been deposited in three nationalized banks including SBI, Axis Bank and HDFC Bank.
In the second half, Rangdajied scored the third goal through Dibormi Kassar in the 53rd minute.
The judiciary is good and responsible and the villagers live in peace and happiness.
This is according to a report presented by the Directorate of Social Welfare at the two-day review meeting on the implementation of various schemes held at the Convention Centre.
The most shocking thing that this reporter saw was that as soon as the seven coffins were removed from the cemetery, a loud cry was heard in the area where it was seen that all the people were crying. from the children, the mothers, the fathers who had carried the coffins, the people flowed and wept bitterly.
Rupang has also learned that the government has not given any clear figure when it gives the share of KHADC , for example , the production of coal has not given a clear figure of how much it produces an unknown amount of money was delivered and this did not only happen to coal but to other products as well.
We don't have the right to complain about this traffic jam, which is because of this traffic jam, which is too much for the roads, and from the beginning of the day we have to cover the roads that are only about 10-12 feet, just like we have our own residential plot of 1600-2000 sq feet.
Shillong, July 2: U Mukul Sangma today denied that he had written against DD Lapang and Vincent Pala in a letter sent to the leader of the party. Congress party, Sonia Gandhi.
The Commissioner of Food Safety has banned the import of fish for 15 days from the 8th of this month after the test found that the fish contained formalin. the health of the people.
He also thanked the leaders and members of the Ephphatha Society as well as the President of the Kyrmen Foundation, Bah Forness Dkhar and the Secretary, Kong Semi Khongthiang. He is ready to help the people who are in dire need of assistance. He wished them to work better for the betterment of the community.
The Minister said that the people should understand that if they neglect the environment now, the time will come when the environment will also give them a change.
Srinivasa Rao, Director, ICAR-National Academy of Agricultural Research Management, Hyderabad.
However, today the MBOSE has announced the results of these 9 students and all of them have passed. The KSU and the village authorities have congratulated these students for their efforts. work hard in their higher education so that they can reach their goals in life.
Speaking at the confirmation ceremony, Bah Polestar Nongsiej said that he did not expect the people to take responsibility to attend the ceremony, as he is still the first to contest the election. .
“No one dares to walk on the road during the rainy season with their hands during the rainy season with the pum pum and it has caused a lot of trouble to the people, until there is a traffic jam,” said the Seng.
On the other hand, u Robinus Syngkon as the TMC candidate asked for the full support of the people of Raliang Constituency by voting for the two flowers (TMC) and his strong hope after the election. The vote will provide the best service to the people.
Is the inability to have a humble spirit to submit to oneself or accept the leadership of others when one sees that they have received the trust of many churches when one is not able or does not have such an opportunity the main cause of division? and there shall be no division among us.
After the election, the men and women congratulated Samla Ronald and Samla Comforward and also welcomed Samla Ronald and the Chairman of the Interim Committee in charge of the Village, Bah Bredist Lyngdoh Nonglait. you are blessed.
In other words, he was a man of perfect life, but in the conversation with Jesus it was found that he was a man of poverty in life and thus Jesus struck him and threw him away. try to reshape his life so that he can experience a meaningful life.
The Government of India has launched Operation Kaveri and used Navy ships and Indian Air Force aircraft to rescue and evacuate stranded Indians. in Sudan.
The total number of cases in Bangladesh has risen to 63,026 and the death toll to
The Chief Officer said that the number of cows in the State is about 9 lakh and up to 60% of the number of cows for slaughter in the State comes from outside the State.
Those who witnessed the final match included Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah Rocky Marwein, Rangbah Shnong Umsning Porper-B and many other dignitaries. region.
One of the survivors, Pranav Vignesh, said he shouted loudly to signal before the incident.
Through the National Tuberculosis Elimination Programme, the DTC on Thursday conducted a training on tuberculosis at H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School, Shillong where students and teachers were invited to participate in the training. They received training on how to recognize the early signs of the disease and how to prevent and treat it.
East Bengal FC scored the first goal in the 8th minute through Laldanmawia Ralte, who scored three more goals in the 27th minute. at 61 minutes.
In this regard, the VPP would like to express its gratitude to all those who have taken part in this struggle of the Hynniewtrep people led by the party,” said Dr Batskhem Myrboh, spokesperson of the VPP. Blei through a news release.
Fortunately, the bsein did not bite at all and thus the incident did not reach Kumar.
[please watch the youtube channel]
Here it will make us not rise and remain as we were first until the end.
The decisions taken at the meeting were to elect two leaders from the North East to be Executive Members of the SNSBH, to convene another meeting of all the villages in the North East to discuss the issue. for the establishment of the Union of Village Authorities of the Region which has been entrusted to the conveners to do whatever is necessary.
On 12th June, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma, said that the state government will introduce laws to ban the attempts to cure through magic in the name of medicine. by the healings of those believers to convert the nations.
“The residents of these affected villages have been living in temporary shelters and have asked for assistance from the Government and the relevant authorities.
Many civilians were injured in the bomb blast by these foreigners and some were injured in the shooting and shooting in the area. this place is not clean; However, among the seriously injured was a Naga youth, who lives in Nongpoh. She had come to the market in Shillong with her family to buy food. However, while she was walking through the footpath to go down to the brut shop where the khar die market juti was selling, she was tied with a stick from her head.
“Meghalaya is blessed with the most beautiful nature. In Shillong we visited Sohra, Dawki and the cleanest village in Asia, Mawlynnong.
Singhania took 10 wickets including 4 in the first innings and 6 in the second innings to lead Meghalaya to victory by 425 runs.
“The violence of the police in Thangskai, EJH and in this incident in Shillong shows the weakness of the state police in not being able to curb even a small protest,” he said. The VPP also demands that punishment be taken against those police chiefs involved in this incident for taking a decision that led to the violence of the police and other violations of the rules. including the use of obscene language against the public without discrimination.
Thorpe on Tuesday confessed that she had been assaulted and insulted by a member of the Legislative Assembly in the past few days.
“Mama, why are you sick?” asked Peter in a soft voice. “Yes, I don't feel strong,” he replied. "Take that when I ask," said Peter. "Take that bah bah," said the man and followed Peter to the shop.
The neo-liberal era teaches us to think for ourselves, to be selfish, to accumulate wealth and to ignore the spirit of life.
Israeli troops on Monday launched airstrikes on Iranian rebel positions in southern Syria near the border with Israel.
Shillong, Naitung 14 : Mawlai SC beat Ryntih SC 5-0 in the derby match of the SPL Premier League 2021-22 on Friday at the Third Ground, Polo. Shillong.
They wanted the leaders of the state to raise their issues in the Legislative Assembly because, although they or the workers are facing issues, the government until today Speaking to media, Bah Shanborlang Diengdieh, president of the MCCL, said that the employees of the MCCL are like the sick want to have a cure.
Trophies and certificates are not included.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in the presence of President Lambokstar Marngar, General Secretary Donald V Thabah and leaders of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday visited Mukroh in Mukroh. to visit and encourage the families of those refugees who were shot dead by the Assam Police.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The Jowai Coordination Committee for Reservation Policy (JCCRP) comprising the JSU, JYF, JSM and East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has been appointed. The Union of Village Authorities of Jowai and the Union of Village Authorities of Jaintia Hills today decided to take to the streets to demand that the government should improve the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
At 2 pm, Mookbu played against Madanrtiang.
The incidents that have occurred are that the parking lot is not enough and they have to park openly just because they cannot run quickly to work on time or even to go to school.
Thousands of police officers have reportedly fled Ramadi to return home as ISIS militants have increasingly invaded the area.
“Mukul Sangma is afraid of Saleng and that is why he removed his ticket in the 2013 MLA elections, even though he was a government minister at that time”.
When they arrived at the scene, they found a ksew which had been burnt and which had been killed more than a human being. These people were from the house of Hrangthan Juala and his family members. your hasem.
This Integrated Course will open the door for students who wish to study BEd to become teachers and this degree will include BA & BEd, BSc & BEd or BEd BCom at the same time.
“Nalin Kohli has destroyed the BJP in the state because he has been influenced by other people from outside because they are afraid that the BJP has risen in the state. “It's a shame,” said Bah Khlursing, who is the former president of the BJP.
“Time is still on our side and we need to work well on the ground and not forget our promises,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Hymmiewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday expressed its surprise that the reply of the Minister of Electricity in the Legislative Assembly is inconsistent with what the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said. has received information through RTI regarding the price of Smart Meter.
It has also prohibited other types of work that land owners can still do that foreigners are not allowed to do.
“In West Khasi Hills, Dominic Myrthong is a person who has a relationship with Bah Gigur Myrthong.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, has rejected the claim of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong that he has promised to release Upper Shillong from the boundary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA). ) during the month of July as reported in the media.
In the year 2015-16, the Meghalaya government has implemented only 40% of the agriculture related schemes to assist farmers in the state, out of which T.686.59 crore has been allocated for agriculture. The state government has implemented only T.356.00 crore and the question is where does the unimplemented money go?
The tournament was inaugurated by Dr. Eureka FP Lyngdoh, Principal of Sankardev College in the presence of Dr. Sukjai Swer, Convener of the Sports Committee, members of the Sports Committee and others.
Percent: percentage – percentage is the number or percentage of a percentage.
Shillong, March 05: Since the past, when the District Council (KHADC) used to send for the publication of advertisements in the Meghalaya Gazette, the Publishing Department of the State has done so without any complaint from the government. In the recent amendment of the Land Development and Building Regulation, 2015′′ which was published in Part-IV of the Gazette of Meghalaya (Extra-ordinary) on 25th July, government sought excuses, saying that the rules were not followed properly and it was illegal.
Jowai, Naiwieng 10: The District Legal Services Authority, West Jaintia Hills District on the orders of the National and State Legal Services Authority will hold a Lok Adalat for all cases at the office of the Deputy. Commissioner Jowai on 12th November, 2016 from 10.00 Am onwards.
After the reporter went back to Jhalupara to inquire again on the morning of the second day, 19th November 2022, from these people who were sleeping and eating on the road in the evening, to talk to some people who don't speak Khasi.
The Meghalaya High Court in an order issued on 31st July has ordered the Assam government to pay compensation of T.2 lakh each to the families of the four. for a period of three months which ended on 21st November
It is also learned that in Delhi, if residents or people do not collect ration for about three months, their ration cards may be confiscated.
To conclude this article, I have a little advice to my friends, that before you comment on anyone, read, listen and think many times until you understand and grasp the idea so that you shall be delivered from the judgment.
What is the reason? Violence against women and children happens every hour.
He alleged that the authorities have violated the Act by going to harass the land vendors even though there is a law.
The first half match had to be canceled due to rain, and the second half match could not continue.
MA Challam, Additional District Magistrate, has been appointed to conduct the post mortem on the bodies of the four prisoners who were bombed to death in Shangpung on Tuesday.
The new cases include EGH: 17 (Others), EJH: 13 (Others), EKH: 204 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force —13, Others-191), NGH: 05 (Others), RBD : 49 (Others), SGH: 05 (Others), SWGH: 36 (Others), SWKH: 24 (Others), WGH: 102 (Others), WJH: 34 (Others) and WKH: 08 (Others).
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle under the leadership of Samla Ewanmi Phawa, Vice President in the presence of several members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jowai Circle on Tuesday held a meeting at 7mer, West Jaintia Hills. The district has not allowed any group of foreigners to reside in the area.
1989 was a memorable year for me.
For candidates who intend to hold a meeting inside the village, they must follow these rules and regulations and must first obtain permission from the village. that at any time.
As citizens we need to understand that the time demands for social change, governance, clear thinking and to achieve that we need to eradicate poverty and backwardness so that that the people of the country shall be free from being misled by any deception.
I thank God and congratulate these leaders for their courage to call for this prayer and to use the government's media department to announce it publicly.
Shillong: U Bah Rapborlang Nongrum, President of the KSU Mawlai Circle, on Tuesday denied that the voice of the people of Mawlai has been lost. KnongMawlai still needs more support for their demands.
Hearing the case of State of Meghalaya vs Shri Brightstarwell Marbaniang & Ors, the bench of two judges, Chief Justice Sanjib Banarjee and Justice W Diengdoh, The Chief Justice of the High Court of Meghalaya has said that the government has changed the rule regarding the government aided category of college teachers. The government's amendment to the rule should ban teachers who take part in politics and is directly against those teachers who are in the opposition to the government.
The law of God is righteousness and righteousness.
Nongpoh, March 31: In support of the request of the Chiefs of the Hima 12 Lyngdoh Nongpoh Sirdarship Elaka and the Raid Nongkyrla in Ri Bhoi District, who expressed their opposition to the violence of the government The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, regarding the proposal to build a check post on 19th March. the truth about this place.
He said that as of now, the Survey of India will have to inspect the land to resolve the boundary and after that it will go to Parliament. This issue should be resolved immediately so that this demarcation will benefit all the residents of the state.
The former Secretary of the Managing Committee, Bah Bashemphang, in reply to a question by the media, said that the MC disappeared in 2010 and the school was closed in October this year. However, according to the RTI received by the Association, although the MC has been missing since 2010, the Secretary is still paying the Mid Day Meal to the children until June and October. He said he had last received the Mid Day Meal last year.
When raising children or building new houses, they start building and complete within the month of June and the timber for the houses to be used is cut and provided in November.
While walking on the road, Riia reminded again, “Bahnah, I'm going to come home when I have time...” “Hooid to... Thank you...We'll meet again...” Bahnah turned and came on the road. taxi stand and until Bahnah got into the taxi she went on her way.
Those who use explosives in the crematorium must obtain a clearance or permission from the District Magistrate.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) was held on November 08, 2021 at New Hope Restaurant, Bariki, Shillong.
Rajasthan Royals' schedule for the tournament is: 19 June – vs Lucknow Super Giants (7:30 p.m.).
Does this have any impact on the environment? Unlike throwing the nut on the ground, this will be less sweet and there will be no swelling or irritation to the eyes because the garbage will be inside the coal mine.
There are 20 metric tonnes of Sohniamtra produced from all over the villages in Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills.
However, he said that the production of electricity is lower than stage-3 and 4 due to the poor condition of the power plants.
Six persons have been arrested including Youdishthra Bham from Assam, Ashish Arya from Guwahati, Assam, Khrawbok Rongrin from Shallang, Hopeful Nongtdu from Shallang. Rymbai Synrang, Yaman Bansal, Beltola, Guwahati, Assam and Eras Dkhar, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills.
Damepaia Shylla scored in the 5th and 37th minutes and Fourki Chyrmang in the 28th minute.
Furthermore, these Hima chiefs also expressed their deep sorrow and shame to the Hima, for the violence of the EM in charge of the Elaka Department who has announced that he has appointed the Acting Chief without the knowledge of the Hima. They said that according to this, they cannot accept anyone to rule the Hima by a person who has a bad mark on society.
The pre quarter final of the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament organized by the NNSSCC will be played on the 25th of this month. the game of the Cross.
A memorandum written and signed by all the Khasi, Garo, Rabha and Boro Village Authorities was also read out to Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam and Conrad Kongal Sangma, Minister of Meghalaya. that they should immediately stop this plan to dam the Khri River.
That is why Jesus cried out among the Jews, "Do you know me? And do you know where I am from?" John 7:27-28.
They said that the presence of dewbilat factories there has not benefited the indigenous people and there has been no unemployment for the indigenous people.
Earlier, the funds were announced for the improvement of Shillong and Tura. I don't know how much money has been used or how much has been wasted and how much money is still available.
Speaking to reporters after the distribution meeting, the MDC of Rambrai Jyrngam said that the purpose of registering the land titles of the residents of the area is to strengthen them. The ownership of the land especially as these areas are on the border with Assam.
In a statement, SAFF President Bishop P.Lyngdoh urged the people to refrain from any evil deeds, to refrain from being exploited by money and to vote in the memory of God and cleanliness for the benefit of all and the state as a whole.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition including Sweety Aroma Syiemlieh, Abeni Bamon and Gavriella.
He said that until now it cannot be said whether Bah Rowel will apply for ticket from the party but as of now he has not come to buy forms from the party.
Shillong, July 03: U Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, Independent Candidate from North Shillong Constituency and Member of KAM, Meghalaya, has strongly condemned the attack on a Catholic Church in Narayanpur, Chattisgarh. on Sunday this month.
In fact, the Court has empowered the HLSC to appoint eligible candidates.
The distribution of these M-Tabs to the students is also part of the efforts to improve the education of the students through the use of technology especially in this age.
The Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom said that the Mawlai Phdumuri Dorbar Shnong has no complaint against the proposal to build a bridge for the benefit of all.
On the other hand, Bah SK Dewkhait, Rangbah Shnong of Kynbah Malai, said that the only thing left is the assistance of the government to collect the body of the man from the morning.
In the final match of the Under-17 boys category, Saw Lyngdoh Higher Secondary School beat Syiem Jingsuk Secondary School 1-0
After receiving a letter from the Highway Department of the Central Government, the State Government has written to the KHADC requesting it not to hand over the road from Wahkaji to Mawthabah which has been funded by UCIL. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will be able to proceed with the construction and upgrading of the road from Nongstoin to the area.
This is the path forward and will produce intellectuals from generation to generation.
The NEP 2020 will include 5+3+3+4 years of foundational stage, 3 years of preparatory stage, 3 years of middle stage and 4 years of secondary stage.
He gave the example of the recent drug seizure involving traffickers from Manipur and abroad like Myanmar.
The most important thing is to remove completely or correct all those shortcomings and errors in it so that as a pyrla or as a tarajur it will not be biased in any direction.
Shillong: It has been 10 months since 15 coal miners were buried alive in Ryngksan pit in East Jaintia Hills District, but the government authorities have not been able to find the bodies of the people.
The CAA has already been passed by the Khasi, Jaintia & Garo people. The RR Colony was given permission in 1971 by Pakistan.
I know him because I am from him (from God).
The recipients are the families of two children, Jawan Alder Liefest Talang and Edify Laloo who died in a fire in Moodymmai village on 28th November
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shiwat announced that the JHADC will donate T.5 lakh to the Ummulong Presbyterian College.
Can you explain in what form these diseases occur and why they occur ? What is their origin ? If they are superstitions, you are also a superstition. If they are sent by God, they are in the same way. All diseases and events sent by God are different from human actions. u noahThe pandemic in Egypt and othersIf it is sent by God it should start from the Christian countries not from the communist countries the blasphemous countries.
Joel Gatphoh Memorial, Anderson Higher Secondary, Sib Singh and Rev JJM Nichol's Roy were the schools that reached the semi-finals in the U-17 boys category.
The second semifinal will be played between Bakur SWSC and Shkentalang SC at 2:00 pm tomorrow.
Or Christians, if the Government goes ahead with this festival, I know it will upset many and it will also be a violation of the rights of the believers.
Government officials said that they cannot stop the felling of trees because this land belongs to the Nokma who have distributed it among the villagers to plant syrti.
The match between Sabahmuswang and Dongmihsngi drew 2-2
Shanghai Port, one of the clubs in the Chinese Super League (CSL), has continued to extend its winning streak to five games.
If you do this you can stay longer and go farther.
“From the explanation of the PWD (Building) Department, the amount of T.170 crore has already been released but we cannot understand how much money has been spent. receive again the building that is complete.
He said that he first met during the sniehmasi snieh muid trade and so on . Their relationship has continued until now in the synsar trade and others his income had dropped so much that he had to give the shop to the foreigner.
Bishop Lyngdoh said that as the elections are approaching, there may be many who want to take advantage of the situation by dividing the different ethnic groups.
Moodymmai scored 170 runs in 29.4 overs for the loss of all wickets.
Now, let's turn to the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA).
Others who attended the meeting were MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Waheh Shnong of Tuber Jiedlang San, Richmond Dkhar, Secretary and teachers.
Judas didn't think about it.
“If you work for your country and you live for yourself, we are ready to come out if you have any problems but now you are inside while foreigners are above, what will happen to our people?”, he asked. Mr. Bless.
The Health & Family Welfare Department has written these words to welcome these youths to their own state. The Health and Family Welfare Department has also decided to remove the banner from the place where it was placed.
The 20th session of the CPA, India Region, Zone III is being held at the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in Rilbong, Shillong.
D Degrees and also the distribution of awards to the winners and medal winners.
The union has also warned that if the relevant authorities do not do anything about this violence, the union will not hesitate to take other measures to fight against these people. the coming and going of our fellow citizens who walk on this road.
Khliehriat, November 26: The MPUF-Mookhep Unit and the Mookhep Women's Wing Unit have been established at The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of MPUF, Bah Kmen Siangshai.
On the other hand, the officers and employees of the department, have been able to clear the burning grounds and rnga throws in the area and while they are continuing to clear the burning grounds, these officers, have found There is also a place where the rnga has been hidden for a long time, farther away from the road.
On this occasion, the Chairman of the party, Ma S.Pdang, took oath to the office bearers and members of the party.
Because as mentioned earlier, salvation is not in any church name.
It is worth mentioning that recently the RBYF, Nongpoh Circle, had visited the same company known as Vandhan in Nongpoh. There have been complaints from the public that the Vandhan Company has not taken the money from the public.
The Government has accepted the recommendation of the Excise Department under Sub rule 2 of Rule
The temperature in Shillong will be 92 degrees Celsius in the morning and 65 degrees Celsius in the evening.
The 18 parties that have already confirmed to participate in the meeting include the Congress, RJD, JD(U), TMC, CPI, CPM, CPI-ML, SP, DMK, NCP and National Conference. This will be the first meeting of non-BJP parties to participate in bringing about cooperation with the BJP. The unity on the issue of removing the BJP from power as the central government.
“Because of the violence against women and children from time to time, the union has requested Idashisha Nongrang to set up helpline numbers for the police department”.
“Because even after the MLA of the area, Bah Hamletson Dohling, has recently promised in front of the village leaders of these three villages to clean up this road at his office in Lummawbah recently. If the department doesn't do anything about this road, we won't be able to take another step and file a Public Interest Legation (PIL) before the court. “The party will follow up on the preparation of the budget for the construction of the road according to the documents that the party will collect,” he said.
He said that since 2014, the NGT has banned the mining of coal and the state government has been fighting to sell the remaining 32 MT of coal but only those High Level have the right to conduct the trade as they wish. stolen cows.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said, “We are proud of the Meghalaya's State Tobacco Control Cell for their hard work until they have received this award. from the WHO.This award is testimony to the hard work of the group to maintain education and raise awareness among the public on the importance of health.
Pearl is the daughter of RV Lyngdoh and Pamela, where Pamela gave herself to her husband and with this jait she took from her husband she gave to her daughter, Pearl. The Seng said that this is against the customs of the Khasi people, in which they have taken advantage of the name of the Khasi people and the Lyngdoh people just to get private property, to do business without a business license, to buy land. , to be exempt from paying taxes and other rights that a nation should have.
According to Government Reports, there are about 5000 thousand people living with HIV in the State and perhaps many more are reluctant to come forward to tell and get tested because they are afraid of the society. look with a smile on your face and a smile on your face.
The BSF has worked hard to fight against the gangs to bring back the youths who have been misled in Garo Hills to a peaceful life and many GNLA members have come forward to surrender in recent years. Dimshrang was handed over to the West Garo Hills Police Station.
“Now everyone wants to be those football players, but how to walk that path, we need to train them well from an early age so that they will be those children who will be happy when they grow up. “It's impossible to say that everyone will become players,” said Eugeneson Lyngdoh and added that this step will be a step forward for them to produce football players.
This can also lead to injury, collision or injury to the line.
Referring to the Congress' statement that its support for the NPP should be released from the rule of the Governor, Titos said that this statement is unfounded. The Administrator Rule is a rule that the public understands.
Many of us don't remember the events in our lives and especially the good things we often forget.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The High Court has sentenced Bah Jyllud under the Meghalaya Preventive Detention Act
The KLJP has announced that it will hold its General Meeting on the 8th March 2023 at Jowai, West Jaintia Hills District, at 11 am.
“I still see that they are stealing my wife and others from a distant hiding place”.
On the other hand, the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, said that the government has issued a directive to all the SPs of the state, Assam and India, the Registrar of Assam, the Commandant CISF, LGB, International Airport, The North East Frontier Railway, and the Regional Passport Officer, Dispur, Assam, besides issuing a public notice in the newspapers of Meghalaya and Assam, to track down the robber.
These include EGH 1, EKH: 8, RBD: 3, WGH 4, WJH 2 and WKH
He said that the awarding of moments is only a sign but the most important thing is the spirit that the KSU encourages for the students, to continue to work hard in the remaining areas.
And he said, “We have prepared a budget of 50 million dollars to upgrade and build these Anganwadi Centres,” he said. It is through the ADB Project and the funds we receive through MGNREGS”.
Police have arrested them after receiving a tip that they are here in Shillong and are conducting investigation.
Manchester United are currently sixth in the Premier League with 26 points.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Leimow Unit has taken action against the villages in Mowkaiaw constituency led by Nujorki Sungoh as MLA. to appeal to the relevant authorities on Thursday.
Shillong, June 12: U Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is awaiting the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya on the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University. (Amendment) Bill, 2023 has been passed by the Legislative Assembly recently for the establishment of the State University.
Bah Marwein said that if the authorities in charge of this work come to take it away, they should have consulted with the village authorities, but to disappear suddenly from the village is also in the dark. .
Through this programme, there were explanations on the benefits of PMFBY which gave hope to the farmers who have applied for this scheme.
The meeting was first opened by the BJP, followed by the KHNAM, then the UDP and finally the HSPDP. The leaders of these parties in their public speeches have expressed their views to convince the people to vote for them. one's foundation and another's foundation.
In another match, Mookaswan beat Kseh Sylle Ïalong 3-2
Four days before the polling in Sohiong constituency, he has joined the NPP. While Bah HDR Lyngdoh (who was defeated in the 2018 election from the Congress) has joined the NPP. has joined the UDP to contest the 2023 elections.
Snepkor water is usually drunk without any cleaning, once it is released, it loses its medicinal properties.
If you are lucky, you have become a Minister for a while, and if you are unlucky, you have to sit back and support without getting any benefit.
The 12 members of the Commission will be headed by the CEM of KHADC as Chairman and the Joint Secretary of the Executive Committee, Bah A Nonghuloo as Secretary.
Will the T.325 crore be fully implemented according to the Government's target of 70% payment by the World Bank and 20% by the Government over the next five years for the implementation of What is the health situation in the State? If the Government allocates only Rs 75 crore to provide PHCs and CHCs in the State, is it enough? Because there are still CHCs which do not have the medical equipment that the people need when they go to these Government Hospitals.
Shillong: In compliance with the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, today, held the Shad Suk Mynsiem or Shad Ainguh. the first day was called the Sabbath.
Police have arrested two drug traffickers in a Maruti Sx4 registration No.AS01-AN-3312 carrying drugs. This vehicle passes through Kalain to Khliehriat.
That trick is known to the world,” said the mother happily.
He said the district administration has selected about 20 ambassadors from various educational institutions of the city to conduct public awareness campaign for this purpose.
Nongpoh: Pahammawlein 20Mer Football Club on Tuesday beat Kongripara 20Mer Football Club 1-0 in the final of the 4th Maitshaphrang Football Tournament. the village of Umling.
It may be recalled that on the 30th of last month, a family of Bah Wanmon Pohshna and Kong Wanrilang Talang suffered a tragic incident from the loss of their house.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, there were two planes, which came from Italy between the 5th and 6th of July, in which one plane, 175 passengers and the other There are 125 passengers from Rome to Amritsar who landed at Shri Guru Ramdas International Airport and almost all of them have tested positive for covid-1
The final of the Women's League between Mawlai and Laitkor will be played on the 29th of November at the SSA Stadium at 3:30 pm.
The Commandant, 172 Battalion BSF, Sanjay Sharma, said that the BSF has been distributing relief goods to the people of the border area from time to time. The picklup vehicles will help them in such bad places, and the JCV will clean up the road if there is any landslide, because the people On the border, they face many difficulties in coming and going especially during the rainy season, as landslides happen frequently and cause difficulties to the people in coming and going.
The Principal Secretary, Health Services, Sanjeeva Kumar has called an emergency meeting today to find out the cause of H1N1 He arrived in Assam from Allahabad on 23rd June.
When inquired from some of the office bearers of the villages which have set up such offices, they said that these AECs are committees including some of the neighboring villages whose construction of the AECs. schemes such as village roads, footpaths and others are still being implemented.
He informed that he has spoken with his counterpart in Assam on the issue of withdrawing forces along the disputed area.
In his speech, the Prime Minister said that the party's candidate selection committee has decided that Royte will no longer contest the Aizawl East II constituency, but will contest the Aizawl East II constituency. elections in the Hachek region.
The legal notice is in response to Dr Mukul's speech on 19th and 20th November.
He said there are four MLAs from Garo Hills and one from Khasi Hills who will contest from the Congress.
In this regard, NEHUSU President First June Nongbsap said that the Union requests all students and organizations within the university to join in this strike. and not to participate or boycott classes.
Police said the group has already held talks with several insurgent groups in Nagaland, and in fact, the first group of the NLCN is scheduled to leave Meghalaya tomorrow. on July 17, 2023, to leave for Nagaland to train the members of the new militant group.
The Church prays and blesses the Members, Delegates and attendees of this Service to experience the blessings of the Word of God.
He said that according to their information, they bought the timber imported from Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi.
The day of Pentecost is a time to pray especially for unity among differences and to pray for peace.
The rally started from Kiang Nangbah Government College Road and proceeded through the National Highway-6 to Ïawmusiang and ended at Jrisaleiñ Square, Chutwakhu Jowai.
On the cross before He died, Jesus said, “It is finished” (John 19:30).
Drink plenty of water and other beverages : A healthy diet is important including plenty of beverages such as green tea, milk, soda water.
He said that every year hundreds of people from Assam come to climb and visit the rock.
How much land is 22,960 sq kilo meters? A rectangular lawn with a perimeter of 17 meters and a length of
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that the committee will be headed by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
While Korea took a 1-0 lead in the first quarter, the team entered the second quarter with a better game and was able to take control of the match.
Shillong: Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Mawsynram, Himalaya Shangpliang, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the government has held many meetings to recognize the synsar. , tyrpad leaves and wild sohmrit as agricultural products but until now he said the government will have to continue to work hard to achieve this goal.
Aaryan Khan, son of Shahrukh Khan, was arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) today. The incident occurred with the intent to take drugs on the ship, the report said.
Lanosha, as soon as she saw Kongthei, was filled with fear because she did not understand the impact of her feelings on her relationship with Bah Deng.
The Gold Medals were awarded to 36 students who graduated with the highest Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) in all programs at various levels.
Replying to a question by Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne in the House, the Minister said that these buses do not need to pay any tax to the government on the basis of the Urban Affairs Department of the state.
The main objective of NEEPCO is to prepare, develop and improve electricity generation,” said the Seng.
He said the only way to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into the state is through the immediate implementation of the ILP and to fully liberalize the Citizenship Amendment Act. the State.
Before the speech, there was a ceremony to commemorate the 175th anniversary of the arrival of the Lama U Thomas Jones.
“Sports and Games are part of the curriculum in schools and school hours are the best time for a child to explore what interests him and at the same time express himself. They have developed their skills through Sports and Games,” he added.
According to the story of our friend I (Late) Rojorai Lyngdoh, the MANE Presbyterian Church which is still in Rynghaw (Pynshna) was built with the money that came from the Tyngnger. From the contribution of each Rympei stands from that of Sohniamtra – which is only about 700 (hynñiew) spah tyngka (B) in my childhood we remember that the price of Sohñiamta was 8 (phra) tylli shi dollars (1/8).
On the VAB, Blah said they have made it clear to Dr. Mukul Sangma that only the MDCs who passed the bill in the House can send back the VAB from the Ministry of Home Affairs. MHA).
Even at this age, it touched his mind to get a job like this that reaches all over the place.
They told him: buy bread, buy bread.
He said that the Commissioner and Secretary Bah Wahlang has confirmed that he will write to all the DSEOs/SDSEOs in the districts of the state to give a clear explanation on this matter.
Marwein, I don't know if you're a joker or a joker.
In the inspection of 27 food shops, it was found that many of these shops do not have a license from FSSAI to open and sell food and some of these shops These shops have been closed down until they have been cleaned according to the rules laid down by the FSSAI. These are Appayani. Tea Stall at Laban, Babua Tea Stall at Lumshatsngi, Dada Tea Stall at Red Cross and Ruma Das Tea Stall at Laststop.
Before that, the team will prepare for two friendlies against Iraq and Germany.
Shillong: The President of the All Jaintia Hills Transporters Association (AJHTA) on Tuesday warned the dewbilat companies that if they cannot pay the price set by the government, they will stop. He said this at a public meeting held at 7-Mer West Jaintia Hills today.
Urea Gold reduces the use of urea and increases crop yield by ensuring the gradual release and efficient use of nitrogen.
During the meeting, a brief report was received from the Chairman of the Estimate Committee of West Bengal on the working of the Legislative Assembly of West Bengal. Fly over Brigde), education, health and others.
Many of the visitors are foreigners who are friends with those who stay in the hostel and when they come they do private work.
Karsing Kurbah, Prosper Warjri and Freddy Kharpran were also awarded special prizes, including Priyanka Latam (Lumparing). Nisilia Majaw (Laitkor SC) won the Player of the Tournament award and Sunalinda Iawren (Mawlai SC) won the Player of the Final award.
It is necessary to go deeper into the past to find and find the lights that will lead us to the future and in the midst of many changes.
Before receiving the award, the India Today team visited Mawlynnong village and on the day of the award ceremony, the Editor In Chief of the newspaper, Aroon Purie, was also present.
On Thursday evening, the former MLA along with hundreds of leaders of the UDP Mawlai announced that they have resigned from the UDP on the grounds that the new leaders have left. to the old leaders.
As mentioned above that a clean environment is the source of health, the government needs to take clean measures to give priority to the protection of the environment.
Look at the 54 MLAs who have increased their wealth in 5 years.
Shillong: There have been 73 new cases of coronavirus in East Khasi Hills today, including 59 cases from East Khasi Hills and 53 cases from the public.
This has affected the whole world and not only India.
After this, Lajong will face TRAU FC away from home on Tuesday, 25th from 7 pm at the Kalyani Stadium, Kolkata.
The above topics can be summarized into 4 “P" P1- “Read” – Read those topics that you have to prepare for the Exam or Test.
“I have said in the past few days that the government will look into and judge what is right and what is wrong”.
All these statements of Linda Nongkrem are wrong and the village has given time to Linda Nongkrem to come and apologize until 31/05/2022 if she doesn't come they will go to the law enforcement authorities because It is an insult to the village and the Waheh Shnong.
The salary of the teachers is very low which is only T.1 thousand per month while the work is heavy.
“Education in any subject never ends and the skills of patients will help to provide better treatment,” said Shullai.
Indiana Jones and the Dial of Destiny is directed by James Mangold and starring Harrison Ford and will be the last Indiana Jones film to be produced. the other parts later.
So I want you to leave here with a shared responsibility for them too to bring about change," she said.
As soon as the Hynniew Pansngait and Hynniew Hima arrived on Earth, under the leadership of the King, the Hukum was the capital of the distributor.
There were many constituencies where the political parties had hoped to win but the votes were counted.
It is a great sorrow for all the families who have suffered this tragedy.
In another development, OR Shallam said that the Seinraij Jowai has received those who have died of COVID-19 to perform their last rites at Khnap Thangbru in Pohhali, Dulong, Jowai. to the district authorities and the office of the Seinraij Jowai to take the necessary action.
Unemployment in India rose to 7.51 percent in November 2019 from 5.66 percent last year, according to the CMIE. hire.
The district administration of West Jaintia Hills on Tuesday suspended the construction of an Assam Police Station at Saba, a village near Mukroh on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
Rangsakona MLA Zenith Sangma asked who was involved in giving this information in the House, alleging that the government had tried to shirk the responsibility.
However, Bah Pynshngaiñ has left the NPP and returned to the Congress in
Speaking at a large public meeting at Khyndai Lad today, Modi said that the feelings and views of the people of Meghalaya reflect their love and support for the and also their willingness to change.
The report sent to the government said that the office has faced many problems in the workplace and tragic incidents including stone throwing at the office, pipe breaking. There has also been a case of petrol bomb blast and other incidents which have been lodged with the police, but no arrests have been made yet. The office also faces problems because it does not receive the cooperation of the village authorities.
JOWAI: The Dong Salini Colony has opened its office on the 3rd of this month in the presence of the village leaders and residents of the colony.
Finally, the union also requests the electricity department to supply electricity to one of the villages called Khlieh Umsyngki which is about 600 meters away from the village.
However, the exploiters are still there and they are fighting against them from time to time, said Bah Boylan Langrin, Minister of Nonglang Sirdarship.
The benefits of the Start up India program include easy access to resources, the right to start their own business, tax exemption and 10,000 in the field of Customer Relationship Management (CRM) for Start up India.
In 8:16-19 God turned the whole earth into a wilderness.8:20-32 He sent plagues.9:1-7 He killed all the animals.9:8-1 9:13-35 He sent hail to destroy crops and houses.10:1-20 He sent locusts.10:21-29 He sent darkness over the land. 12:29-36 He killed all the firstborn in the land of Egypt.
Kali Kumar was sworn in as Chairman by Hiranand Tongchangya at the first meeting of the Chakma Autonomous District Council held last month at the CADC Session Hall.
The death toll in Delhi on Sunday rose to 350 and it was reportedly difficult to get oxygen in hospitals in Delhi.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pochester Kharkongor encouraged the farmers to work hard to bring more production from their fields.
“Regarding Bah Lambor Malngiang, he has joined the UDP for more than a year and has sent his name to the Circle Election Committee to express his desire to contest from the UDP,” he said. added.
The curfew was called after the police killed two people, S Phawa and D Siangshai and the brutal killing of Banker Passah at Karnataka.
In the first match, which was played at 2:00 pm, between Laitlulong SC and Umrynjah SC, Umrynjah SC scored 4 goals to win the title. .
Prestone Tyngsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Meghalaya, has strongly criticized the NPP, saying, “They are like a myrsiang that stirred up as much as it could. But when he could not reach the tree, he gathered his brothers and said, 'Don't go near the tree, because the tree is bad.
The top two teams will qualify for the semi final on the 14th of November.
It is to be recalled that a dark cloud came to the family of Walinda Binong on 27th June 2023, when they received the news that their daughter was seriously ill and when she went to The authorities of Mody University, Rajasthan, Mody University, Rajasthan, have found dead after allegedly drinking alcohol and hanging themselves. She is studying at the School of Design at the University.
“He said that this election is important for the NPP and expressed his confidence that the victory this time will reach more than 1.90 lakh votes which he received during the election. He contested the mid-term elections after the death of PA Sangma in
This is unacceptable.
Wellbirth Rani President of FKJGP said that this is the third meeting with Amit Shah, the first in Delhi, the second at the NEC and this is the third meeting today. On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that Amit Shah will discuss the ILP issue later. that you are busy now.
If Article 371 is removed, there will be no need for MDCs, no district councils and it will bring division in the society,” said the Shella MDC.
The meeting was conducted by Aurora Pamksang, Assistant General Secretary, War Jaintia Circle and others. .
They were very happy and learned that Father Stan Swamy was gone.
We have requested the ID from the council to facilitate the working methods of the Waheh Shnongs especially at this time of lockdown in the state.
During the visit, these leaders also met with the Waheh Shnong of Mukroh, H.Sumer and in his speech, Bah Pangñiang strongly condemned the actions of the Assam Police through the District authorities of Karbi Anglong. , who took the lives of these four residents of Mukroh.
In his speech, it was seen that Bah Shullai, is in a state of great excitement or full of emotions, on this issue and that is, that the The election issue of the party, which he is contesting, came out late, after he had already agreed to contest on the ticket of the party and that is the issue, which is related to its promise, to implement. The CAB will not be supported if it comes back to the Indian government in
It is alleged that the officer took money from overload trucks including those without permits.
One of the examples he took was through the advice of the Son of Man, where in the first place the glory he received from the Father was the glory of the wealth he felt he had received. but this is only temporary and finally he has to return to his Father to ask for forgiveness and say, “Father, I have sinned against you and against heaven, and I will no more sin against you. that ye may call me your son" which he understood clearly that the glory of the world is nothing and only the glory of God which lasts forever.
As part of the programme, the Chief Guest together with other dignitaries handed over food items to the patients.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 33,050 and the death toll to 1,074, with 66 deaths in the past 24 hours.
As it should be.
Therefore, he urged the students and future generations to be wise, vigilant in their minds or to be based on the right when doing or doing any work in this world so that the right and the right will be based on the right. it shall stand even while he is alive until he dies or passes away from this world.
Throughout the day, the RBI officials who are also in charge of the North Eastern States, explained to the public that in 2019, there were 3.24 lakh complaints. Regarding these complaints, he said that almost all of these complaints have been cleared and it has been of benefit to those who have lodged complaints with the Reserve Bank of India. public, who have been exploited by various banks.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has said that it will inform about the incident and the station of the Assam Police on Umshyrngat Hill which is still within the boundary of Lapangap Village.
With the blessing of Ud Longtheng, in 1990, Bah Dabit Nianglang was elected as the Tymmenbasan of the Nongdaju Presbyterian Church.
He said that the cow's milk cleanses the mind of a person when it enters the body and then it cleanses the whole body.
The final match of the tournament will be played on Tuesday between Man Ibha and Umladkhur SC at 2 pm.
“Together, we will send a letter to the Government authorities so that they know our rights, our history, our heritage and our customs and traditions that show that we belong to this State.
Meanwhile, in West Jaintia Hills, only a few shops have been opened from 9 am to 12 noon daily. which is not less than 1 m.
“The Schedule Tribe registration of children who give their lineage to their father under Sections 2 and 12 of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 is a violation of the human rights under the Constitution. said the President of the SRT, Bah Teibor Khongji in an interview with the media.
Speaking on the RTI request from MeECL, Lumjingshai regarding the electricity supply to the residents of Them Mawlong Market, Bah Disparsing Rani said, “According to the claims of the Harijans, He was the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in
Therefore, the SMCs have a responsibility to see the change in education,” said Pretone.
He said that the coal transporters are now going according to the correct challans as Coal India Limited (CIL) has also auctioned the coal.
At the same time, he encouraged them to have a spirit of struggle and dedication in their role.
The HYC leader from East Jaintia Hills District, also expressed his concern over the failure to fulfill the promise that the Amrit company has already promised to the villagers to relocate the village to the village. The union demands that the company should implement this promise as soon as possible, so that it will not affect the residents. health of the population.
The words of the song “KEEP YOUR LANGUAGE, DO NOT ALLOW YOUR LANGUAGE” have touched the patriotic heart of the Chief Guest and the members of the Khasi Authors' Society.
There will also be a time when, 'If you treat the weak, you will lose to the stronger' Thousands of un-employed youths why, the Central Govt / Municipal does not send a census for them and instead of Pay the teachers who have not received their salaries and give them to those who have not yet received their salaries, so that they can support a little bit of their daily needs.
Lapang said he wanted to inform Dr Mukul Sangma that the AICC wants to get a report on the allegation that Deborah used wrongly by the forces of terrorist organizations.
Barala said Union Home Minister Amit Shah will hold a public meeting in Gurugram on Friday and in Karnal and Rohtak on Thursday.
“We don't know why she did this but we have to find out,” he said.
He also spoke about Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma who played a major role and said that the Central Government's research should inform the youth about the invisible heroes.
What is needed is to save the soul by being reborn by the living Word of God in order to receive that eternal life.
On the other hand, the DC of EKH urged the people not to worry about buying labor as the shortage of food in the state is still low.
Later, another incident occurred in Tawang, in which 16 people were killed.
In a letter to the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Conrad proposed to erect a statue of Purno and mentioned the road to be named after Purno, one in Shillong and another. in Tura from Araimile to AMPT through the TV Tower and a statue of him should be erected in front of the MP Stadium which was built by Purno himself.
Shillong, Lber 19: In protest against the silence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the demand, that he should withdraw his remarks against the newspapers, in the State Legislative Assembly, the Meghalaya Editors & The Publishers Association (MEPA) has decided not to publish an editorial on its editorial page for the first issue on 20th October
Shillong, Jan 1: The Village Employment Council (VEC) of Kyndong Wahlang village near Sohiong, East Khasi Hills has been allowed to join the JACATAM. The Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) has been allegedly misused.
He said that even the EAC should not include Khasi in the Sohra Civil Sub Division.
Speaking to media, Bah Aibor Suna, one of the members of the Executive Committee, said that the residents came to meet the EM incharge of the Elaka, Bah Jambor War to express his opposition to the violence of the Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Paiem Kynsai N Syiem, in appointing the Acting Rangbah Shnong.
However, the sportsmen have no role and it has been explained that the Government can add or appoint them as members.
Jowai, November 5: The Executive Committee of JHADC has decided to remove the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong, Shelsing Langi. Shelsing Langi appeared before the Meghalaya High Court.
Speaking to media on 14th June, Bah Paul said, “This situation has brought about a change in the behavior of the people and the attitude towards others which has increased. Moreover, how to misuse social media platforms.
The Comso leader has been infected with the Congress.
“What is needed from now on is to work together with the people, whether they are in trouble or happiness and to provide that service that will give satisfaction to the people of the Constituency as a whole as everyone wants. he said.
He said that the lack of accommodation in Delhi has created a lot of problems for the Garo people and it would be of benefit to them if they had their own house.
No reports of heavy rainfall have been received in any part of the state, but the Meteorological Department today has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of the state today.
The commemoration of Good Friday began with the ordination of the priests, followed by the ritual of the Word of God, the veneration of the cross and the invocation of the Eucharist.
Answering a question, the Minister said that to implement this, a village electricity committee will be set up to ensure that there will be no light outages.
The deterioration of these two PWD roads has been so extreme that even four wheel trucks cannot pass through these roads.
All those students who have reached this goal are kindly requested to submit their Xerox copies of marksheets and report cards to Risingstar Sohmat (Education Secretary) or Sainpyniar Khardewsaw (Assistant Education Secretary) before 24th November. 2013.
After the meeting, Bah Pynshngain told reporters that the meeting decided to cancel the proposal to issue NOC for the construction of the road from Nongstoin to Wahkaji but the Council has approved it. T.20 crore out of the T.133 crore to be received from the central government, to be used for the maintenance of roads to improve the convenience of the people of the area.
In the second half, Mookyndur tried their best to turn the tide and it was in the 60th minute that Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal. Provi Suting scored the second goal in the 78th minute to give Mookyndur a 2-1 victory.
There is a saying in English “Cleanliness is next to Godliness.
He said he has already written to all the 60 MLAs and requested them to donate 10 months salary to the refugees in Uttarakhand.
“We don't know who, whether it is the Ministry of Home Affairs or the office of the Chief Minister, has been involved in this incident.
Speaking to media, Bah Warjri said that the Dorbar Shnong has received the scheme through JICA for the conservation and planting of trees in the forests.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that if Marak knew that the Prime Minister had shot him dead, why didn't he lodge an FIR for protection but he fled as soon as he found the jyrsieh in the house. his.
“We will not allow uranium mining in this state,” he said.
However, she said that the arrest of Storgy has not affected the peace talks with the HNLC. Bangladesh and it was understood that if he wanted to surrender, he should have been in Shillong but the return to Bangladesh and back to Shillong, there is something.
