As of today, only 83 people in the state have been confirmed positive for Covid-1
She also thanked the Company for providing food to 10 TB patients while they are undergoing treatment and hoped that others who are willing to work together will come forward to provide food. The Government has set a target to eradicate TB in the country and as the Officer she invites all the people of the District and the State as a whole to eradicate TB. “This is a TB disease,” she added.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The RBYWO under the leadership of Bah Amborlight President today met with the BDO of Umling Block, but as the BDO has not yet arrived, the APO Kong O Syiemlieh has met with the APO Kong O Syiemlieh. The union has visited the village of Umjarasi under Umling block.
Stella Khongsngi has been crowned Miss Meghalaya 2023 while Angelina Jackson has been crowned Miss Teen Meghalaya
Bah Dispi also encouraged the youth who don't need jobs not only to wait for government jobs but to work in any job because it will be for their own benefit. They must be hardworking and intelligent and strong so that they can achieve a clear reputation with adequate income.
At the same time, Shillong received only 9.1mm of rainfall while Umiam received 7.6mm.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sosthenes said that the reason why he visited these places was after receiving a complaint from the residents of The area has been affected by floods due to the lack of drainage systems on the Assam side.
He said that the party under the leadership of Bah Sanbor has not rested but is still fighting to prevent MUDA from turning to the boundary of the District Council.
We the indigenous people of Meghalaya must also think again and we must be ready to cooperate with other indigenous peoples across India.
“My return is the wish of the people who have expressed that they still want me,” said Ronnie.
In North Garo Hills, 53 cases have been reported, of which 22 are undergoing treatment and 31 have recovered.
In the name of Jesus, that men may be forgiven of all their sins, and there is no other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.
Riyadh's foreign ministry has warned that if the ceasefire fails, there will be no peace between the two sides due to the lack of mutual agreement to open peace talks between the two sides. they.
According to the village leaders, they have received information that the NOC for the establishment of a Kyiad shop in the area has been issued by the village of Pahammardoloi and a public hearing has been held there. The village leaders and residents of these villages, which is about 3km away from the wine store, have surprised the village leaders and residents of these villages. The village leaders and the people have no knowledge of the area and without any permission from the village authorities, whether it is from Umrangksai or Nongkhrah.
Gurjit Singh, Secretary of the committee, admitted that the letter sent by the Shillong Municipal Board was illegal and said that the order of the Meghalaya High Court, dated 2nd June It is clear that the residents of this area should not be disturbed.
“Even after the extension, the state government has not been able to fully appoint these 100 persons as directed by the central government.
Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC Ranikor Constituency, while welcoming the newcomers to support the UDP party, said that their presence will be a source of joy and hope for the people of Ranikor Constituency. preparation for the 2023 MLA Elections.
Shillong, Nailar 13: At a meeting convened by the BJP leader in charge of Meghalaya, Nahlin Kohli, priests, pastors and other religious leaders said that the talks were sufficient and clear but they The BJP will do as it has promised.
The ICDS and Health Department have been urged to increase their salaries.
“These seven roads include the road from Mawlangsu to Mawphanlur which is 5 km long with the sanction of Rs 9.42 crore, from Mawlangsu to Rambrai which is 5 km which passes through Phudumbah which is 5 km with the sanction of Rs 2.40 crore. The road from Rambrai to Nongriat via Mawdoh is 11-13 km worth Rs 9.39 crore, the road from Nonglang Langpih is 5 km worth Rs 20.33 crore and the road from Nonglang Village to Seinduli is 1 km. 11.17 crore and another road from Rambrai to Kyrshai Chargoan Road 6-10 km the sanction is Rs 44-48 crore. The roads are still not suitable for traffic and this has caused problems to the residents of the Hima Rambrai. “It's just that the roads are getting worse and worse,” said Pariong.
It is often said that we own the land, and the resources above and below the earth, but it seems that those who own the land are a few residents of the country. Assam in relation to coal.
Speaking to reporters, Robertjune Kharjahrin strongly condemned the Chief Secretary of the state for sending visits to the leaders of the party.
On the 26th of November, when he and the two bail bondsmen went to Shillong District to apply for a bail bond from his lawyer, he refused and asked for Rs 5 lakh for the fee. When the complainant could not pay the Rs 5 lakh, he was arrested and threatened not to allow Rajnarayan to be granted bail.
The registration offices in other Districts and Sub Divisions will be announced later.
Science Model Exhibition, Science Skit, Puppetryshow, Fance Dress, Drawing/Painting, Quiz and Extompore Speech Competition were also held during the two-day programme.
He also alleged that the former MLA has urged him to contest the MP election in 2024 and urged him to talk to his colleagues to nominate a joint candidate in the election. .
This was seen on the 24th of July on the day of the Public Hearing at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills on the proposal of M/s Meghalaya Cements Limited to expand its factory.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to temporarily close down the market at the parking lot in Iewmawlong.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the reason for the enactment of the Act is part of the Model Code of Conduct. The Lok Sabha will be held on 19th June 2024 in India.
U Bah Biangbor also blessed the family for their good income and as the organization is ready to lend a right hand and left hand for those in need.
Tomorrow, Shillong College will play against Mawlai Presbyterian College and Nongstoin College will play against KL Bajoria College.
I Kong Wanpynhun, is one of the women who didn't allow the shame to overcome her, after completing her graduate studies she supported her family by working in the household. until you are ready to take the Master of Social Work examination.
The woman on 12th June lodged a complaint at the Women Police Jowai Police Station against Ma Madonbai Rymbai alleging that he tried to rape her in Delhi, but the complaint was dropped 10 days later. .
Not only the market but also the roadsides from Motphran to Khyndailad have turned into market places.
Shillong: KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday, June 1, 2020 under the leadership of Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle and Samla Rapborlang Nongrum, General Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle, on Tuesday visited and provided assistance to two. The Ferrando Transit Shelter Home in Mawlai Mawroh is run by the Sisters of the Catholic Church and the Spring of Hope is run by the Spring of Hope Society.
It is not the party that will decide but the people who will decide how well it has served them.
Shillong, March 3: The Council of Catholic Women of India (CWCI) will celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the 23rd National Conference from 9th to 11th March.
Shelkitbok K.Bani, Asst Education Secretary CEC, Alaric Kharjana, Asst Office Secretary KSU CEC and Jason Laloo, GS KSU Laban Circle were also present. KSU Nongthymmai Circle Youth.
Meanwhile, search teams and fire extinguishers have arrived at the scene as the news of his disappearance has spread across the Garo Hills.
After inquiry, the driver of the vehicle identified himself as Warif Uddin Laskar of Sarapur, Gumrah Assam and could not give a clear answer.
The Seinraij would like to thank the MDC of the area who has helped the Seiñraij to build this house.
On Tuesday, all 110 branches of the bank including 42 in Garo Hills were closed and demanded that the state government should provide security forces to provide security forces. happiness to the employees of the bank.
So far, more than 5 lakh people across the state have been affected by the floods and landslides in various villages since June this year.
However, the Fisheries Office said that they could not receive the quotations on that day as the quotations from other districts had not yet arrived.
Nongstoin, Nailar 25: In a tragic incident which happened on Friday evening at about 12 pm, a man has lost his life after being struck by a strong earthquake. He was found dead while he was on a farm at Tynronglawrisaw village in Sohparu village.
Therefore, the Khasi Christian does not differ from the Khasi religion if there is anything to think about.
According to the Soil in reply to the RTI applicants, it is for four people which means four ponds but the existing ponds are only 2 ponds and these too have not existed since ancient times. old.
Narwan Multipurpose Co-operative Society Ltd (NASDAQ) will hold the two-day Narwan Orange Festival on the 30th and 31st of July at Mooknor Square, Narwan.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, together with the NPP candidate from this constituency, Ranson, today announced the confirmation of the NPP Jaiaw Circle Unit in the 17th North Shillong Constituency. They marched from Mawkhar Community Hall to Jaiaw Pyllun Community Hall.
For the root of all evil is the love of money.1 Timothy 6:7-1
Looking at the cultivation of Sohphlang, it is similar to the cultivation of rice because this plant is buried in the ground, like rice cultivation.
Therefore, she said that this time, the BJP and the NPP have started criticizing each other, but this criticism is just a drama or a misleading to the people.
The date of the awarding ceremony will be announced to the selected students, said a statement from the President of MACSOC, Bah A Nongbri.
Another issue, he said, is that if these foreigners, who have up to 100 people, get the job, where will they live?
Registration for this meeting will be accepted at the Police Headquarters gate from 10 am to 11:45 pm.
Shillong, November 8: “In 1996, trees were cut down, they blamed the Congress, now they have banned coal mining, they blame the Congress only because the Congress is in power,” said Vincent H Pala. Speaking at Saphai on Friday in the 13th Village Council, in the presence of Nehimayah Tangkan, Congress candidate from Mowkaiaw.
He said that there is only one way to prevent or get rid of such incidents and that is to hide the items that endanger the lives of children in a safe and secure place. that they may not receive it.
If the public obeys and follows the rules as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, to wash hands with soap for 20 seconds, not to spread, to wear masks in public places or Social Distancing, Home Quarantine, not to gather too many people in any place, to use a mask when sneezing, not to shake hands when meeting, and other instructions by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pangñiang recalled that the entire state was achieved through the leadership of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and the imprisonment of more than 300 volunteers.
On Instagram, SURL said that although they have tried to do their best to take part in the festival, it is sad that they have not been able to do anything. they had to stop coming.
Thousands of people not only from Pomlakrai but also from neighboring villages in the presence of Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Acting Syiem, attended the final match. the Khyrim Kingdom as the King.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, a lecturer at NEHU and General Secretary of the UDP, was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners.
As a nation, in one of the Khasi regions which includes the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War, we are blessed by the Creator.
The HYC visit came after the end of the two days that the HYC has given time after the inspection conducted by the district authorities together with the leaders and members of the HYC. The raid was witnessed by the leaders and many members of the HYC who turned out to raid the area to raid all the illegally built houses in the area. you have to watch only to prevent any disturbance.
MPCC Secretary Manuel Badwar said it is no longer the time to tolerate violations of the rules. the NPP” he said.
On the same day, while the members of the union were on their way from Shillong to Balat, they seized a vehicle number AS11DC-7898 from Assam carrying foreign workers without permits. sufficient leaves to be sent to the city of Balat.
If they say that the presence of a peaceful camp brings development, the party is pleased to say that it is good for all the members of the party or the youth to work in the fields to get that development.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Ïasoh L. Nongrem, General Secretary, Bah Saiñdur Syiemlieh, President of KSU Rangthong Unit and other members of the KSU Rangthong Unit.
The reverse repo rate has also been reduced by 90 basis points or 4 percent to improve the market conditions.
What remains is only the ud and the excessive ud knowledge.
The national team has also won the trophy eight times and finished second in the tournament four times.
Ryntih SC vs MLP FT in Laitkseh: Rupang The match between the two teams was very interesting and thrilled the spectators. especially to the fans of Ryntih SC for the team's ability to shape the game and especially to avoid defeat within 90 minutes.
Mercy Rupsi, said that the Sozo Football Academy was established after seeing that many of the youngsters who are talented in football, due to the lack of opportunities for them. They are involved in alcohol abuse, especially drugs and alcohol, which is a major cause of destroying their future.
Speaking on the Roster System which is part of the Job Reservation Policy, the Chief Minister and other political parties alleged that Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit has misled the people and only the High Court has been able to When they sent a letter to the High Court, the High Court said that it is the responsibility of the state government to fix the roster system.
Speaking on the PDF, he said that recently, Bah Pynshngaiñ said that the parties that will come forward in the 2018 MLA elections are the NPP and PDF. “It's a bus, join the NPP,” he said.
It is the people who will take the final decision after the candidates have completed their duty to come and explain on the grounds on which they stand to contest the election.
Of these 47 cases, 7 cases are from West Garo Hills, 6 cases from East Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri-Bhoi, 30 cases from East Khasi Hills and one case from South West Garo Hills.
Although they were sent, the leaders of the party and their families did not accept them.
At this meeting, the people including those from Shillong and some from Mawthadraishan and Mawshynrut, shouted as a sign of approval while Bah Kharlyngdoh was delivering a speech.
“All those who live near the Thangsniang River from the beginning to the end have been dumping garbage and from this statement the guards have come and gone to jaiñkuna. They have been provided with electricity according to the rules and it is the responsibility of the municipal to look after the discharge of garbage into the Thangsniang River. garbage from the beginning to the end of the river," she added.
To date, six states have banned the sale of this substance after it was found to be unsafe for consumption due to its harmful effects on human health.
In the 50+ Men's Double, Lalnunsiama and Ambrose Gatphoh won the title by defeating Salan Paswet and Teddy Laloo 23-21, 21-1
He said that he inherited this skill from his father.
On 15.09.2023, the match will be held against Chutwakhu.
During the visit, the Society also donated money, food items and other items to the children.
“We need your cooperation, without your cooperation we will not succeed, help us, we will help you, hood we have shortcomings but please don't worry, we will work together to make this district a better district. said Lakador Syiem, SP of West Jaintia Hills.
B.Syiemlieh 45', DPyngrope 45+2', 60' and AJyrwa 79' scored the goals for Mawkhar SC while G Langstieh 8' and YBlah 54' for Marbisu SC. '.
The theme of the competition is “Filling the abandoned coal pits with jhep is the best way to improve the environment in Jaintia Hills”.
On the other hand, the MLPU said that it will be fully involved in the monitoring of coal smuggling activities so that illegal activities can be eradicated.
Besides, he urged the public to listen or cooperate with the police and also to have discipline.
We should not distinguish one nation from another because we have our own states or states of origin because we can never reject or break our own flesh and blood.
This policy is working well,” he said.
It took about three months and hours to examine the footage from more than 300 CCTV cameras to arrest the accused.
“The CSWO demands that the driver of the vehicle should be released immediately and compensated as it is a violation of human rights. At the same time, the CSWO has urged the occupants of the vehicle and the public who witnessed the incident, to come forward and report to the union so that that she can do what is necessary.
She said that the PWD (NEC) Division has destroyed the road passing through Sutnga village from 0-3 km and the government officials involved in destroying these roads should be severely punished.
On the other hand, these groups of archers have also sought clarification from the government on the government's inability to stop the archery by the Khasi Hills Archery Club which has not received recognition from the government. but the struggle is still going on.
The Deputy Commissioner has warned that anyone found using changed number plates will be punished according to the law including the revocation of the driver's licence.
According to this rule, it is prohibited to gather more than 5 people in the same place.
Sumer said the Mylliem Hima has proposed to the KHADC, and the EC has approved and will send the approval to the District Council Affairs of the state government. Speaking on the occasion, KHADC CEM Adilbert Nongrum said that our society is a society that respects women. and it was felt that there should be a special market for women only, in order to provide opportunities to Khasi women and women.
He gave an example that the Central Government has already abolished personal interviews since 2016 and 23 States and 8 Union Territories have implemented this decision.
It would be a great honor if we don't get the ILP even after the approval of all the MLAs of the Legislative Assembly, but we expect the Central Government to respect the decision of the people of Meghalaya.
The Minister was speaking at the celebration of the International Day of the World Indigenous People (NEIPF) at the Multi Convention Hall, NEHU Campus, Shillong.
Jowai, Jymmang 8: The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF-EJH) has temporarily suspended its participation in the protest of seven youth organizations over the shooting death of two youths. the soul of man in Mookhep.
The ministry said these advertisements did not comply with various norms and advised TV channels and online news publishers not to publish advertisements about financial goal platforms or their news websites, Please remind the TV channels that violating this rule may result in penalties.
The Waheh Shnong of Sakhri, Bah Nildis Tongper, congratulated Star Cement and Kingshok Borah, Manager CSR of Star Cement, for taking the initiative to improve the project. “The company has shown mercy to us the residents of the village and has installed these solar lights. We don't need torch lights anymore because we have these streetlights, now we have become like other villages which have received electricity and Regarding the condition of the road, the Waheh Shnong said that the company Star Cement has been helping the residents by sending pickup trucks will be able to travel during the rainy season and vehicles will be able to travel only during the rainy season while during the rainy season. they cannot pass.
Therefore, the Khasi should take the “Jaid” from his mother.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government will continue to conduct discussions on the construction of the railway line in the state.
During the meeting, the issue of foreign influx was also discussed, in which the Chief Minister said that this is not only an issue of the state, but of the North East as a whole. .
The MLA of the area expressed his gratitude to Bah Hek for taking the initiative to inspect these health centers and urged to provide rooms to avoid overcrowding.
“Now with the introduction of this new Bill, there will be a similar procedure, where there will be applications through portals (websites) and there will be various departments, which will participate. “There will also be a tracking system to monitor the job applications that come into the State,” said Conrad.
Sanbor said the alliance between the Congress and the AIUDF would pose a serious threat to the stability of the North East, including Meghalaya.
He sent his resignation letter to the President of the party on 20th June 2023, after three months of joining the BJP. In his opinion, it is wrong to sleep without a job when you want to serve the people.
The certificate was handed over by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Latho Manik Syiem in the presence of CEM of KHADC Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Elaka EM Lamphrang Blah, EM Labor Banteidor Lyngdoh. Adelbert Nongrum MDC Jaiaw and James Ban Basaiawmoit MDC Mawkhar-Pynthor Umkhrah.
He also took part in a conference on the environment in Caux, Switzerland, as well as in Paris, France.
Khliehriat, July 20 : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat, today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of July in Khliehriat.
In preparation for the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Borghat, Parish Ladlakadong, the Jubilee was inaugurated by S.Shylla, Chief Guest and Joinriwel Pyrtuh Ex.MDC as Symbud. important.
The benefit of a pre-paid meter is, “pay as you use”.
“We also put God to guide us and we are confident that through God's guidance we will achieve victory,” said Bah Shembor.
The goats should be 6 white Langsohmoh that have been well colored.
When Bhalang saw it, he didn't have any sorrow in his soul.
Perhaps his salary and travel expenses have covered the electricity bills of about 50 children.
It was in the same year that the birthday of this great and intellectual was celebrated as “Teacher's Day” as part of the tribute and honor to the work he has done and who have described the work of teachers as “The trees of light that shine to the travelers in the darkness of nature”.
The use of the trial injection will take place in many stages and the State Government has been preparing for the work and it is said that there are now 25,000 health workers who have been selected. for the injection to be performed soon.
The WJSU said it will soon meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong to inform and advise the government.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shangpliang, who also distributed the prizes to some of the winners, called for the cooperation and support of all for the purpose of helping the people with disabilities. member also.
On the other hand, he said that the VPP respects the Garo people as a people who have the ability to understand to understand all these things.
If it can try to send commercial vehicles across the border, it should also be able to try these two.
Prem Singh (50) had 13 cows in his truck and was taking them to Mainpuri, said the SHO. He was rushed to the hospital, where he is now recovering after being treated.
It was at this time that these youths, including Samla Balawan Marwein and Samla Remdor Nongtrei, who were on their way to Byrnihat, but when they reached the place, they found that these people were They were trying to break 10 trucks of garbage in the forest, so when they saw this rude behavior by these people, these youths stopped and sent thep turned all these places into this truck.
The Meitei admit that they are facing many problems in their livelihood due to the influx of people from Myanmar and Bangladesh as well.
Earlier, the High Court had sought all the reports including the reports of the CBI, the reports of the High Level Scrutiny Committee and the marks of the candidates for the post of LP School Teacher for the year 2009- 10.
The Rapsang Group of Companies and the Real Growth Company of Chennai have implemented the plant in Mawlai.
As a resident of the jaidbynriew, I would like to suggest that in order to avoid bloodshed, those who have given jaid kpa should be recognized as Khasi by the district council, but they must follow the rules. you must become a new race, not just take the race of your fathers.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that once the COVID-19 vaccine is launched in India, the state government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will inject 25,000 people. health workers and frontline workers who are fighting against covid-19 in the state.
The Syiem said that in Malaisohmat Syiemship for 40 years, no Syiem has been elected in such a way as the KHADC through the new EC led by Ardent Basaiawmwoit has done.
The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) and the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have already demanded from the Government to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​as the official languages ​​of the country. Meghalaya to strengthen the demand for the inclusion of these languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
If it had been for the Khasi and Pnar, the police would have fined them not less than Rs.2000.00 each as they did in Laitlyngkot who had to leave for unavoidable reasons. syndon the truck that the police have arrested.
He said that without the people nothing happens.
Foreign traders have alleged that the issuance of stolen challans has damaged the coal market.
“These things will be cleaned tomorrow, my son, now that it is night.
The writing is my view on the subject.
“The College of Architecture and Urban Planning in Tura will also be completed this year.
Many of the people as expressed want to understand the Roster System, let's wait for the fourth meeting.
He said that on the opening day, a truck carrying sohsaw was sent in first and the union congratulates the MIECC for expressing their willingness to help in the marketing of agricultural products.
The polling in Sohiong constituency is to decide the fate of the seven candidates who have contested the election, and at the same time it is also a contest to show who is stronger among the National People's Party. (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP); The NPP will get 29 MLAs if it wins from Sohiong constituency and the UDP will get 12 MLAs if it wins from Sohiong constituency. win.
He said that the former Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, should not resign immediately because it was not the time for her to resign. The marks of the candidates who took the examination will be reviewed.
The people should demand that the State Planning Board should be appointed by those who can plan to build the state, not by sitting on chairs without being able to create anything.
Sixthly, what we forget to see among these political views on the UCC which discriminate between religions and groups, is that there is no UCC Constitution or any UCC issues. therefore, these views of the political parties are only about the idea of ​​the UCC, but not the body of the UCC, as it does not have a body yet.
In Khyndailad, it was seen that the area was not crowded with street houses or buildings, but it was seen that the government and the private sector have built many houses.
It is obvious that their protest to remove Dr Mukul Sangma from office will stop.
The MLA elections in the State are now approaching and it is time for all the candidates to try their best to attract supporters from one party to another and this will continue until until election day.
KSU Sohra Circle together with the KSU Central Body in charge of South Khasi Hills have visited the CHC to meet with the deceased. doctors as well as talking to the sick beds there.
On this occasion, tyrso and other jhur seeds were also distributed to the farmers and agricultural equipment was also handed over to the farmers for use in agriculture.
The meeting was attended by Assistant Commissioner and Border Magistrate WK Kharbuli, BDO Namdong C&RD Block B Sungoh and DSP AJ Sangma from West Jaintia Hills District.
These villages adjacent to the city which are included as urban areas in the Shillong Master Plan are Mawklot, Lawsohtun, 6th Mer, 5th Mer, 4th Mer, 3rd Mer, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Nongmensong, Nongrah, Rynjah, Umpling, Laitkor, Phur, Nongkhlaw, Lyng Kien-Mawpat, Mawdiangdiang, Madan Saisiej, Mawlongnai, Mawlyngad.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The KJP Synod Mihngi Vocational Training Center will open its jain training center on 4th October 2017 at Pongtung. , U Mr. P Tynsong.
The soul is free when we are not afraid, when we are not afraid to speak or do what is right or wrong.
Speaking on the occasion, BJP leader Piyush Geol recalled that in 2004, when Dharmendra was not in good health, he contested from Bikaner and won with distinction. Goel believes that Sunny Deol will continue to move forward in politics.
This book is available from the KJP Assembly Bookstores and Ri Khasi Book Agency at Synod Complex Mawkhar Shillong and Jowai; Nongstoin; It’s rainy.
In a statement, UDP General Secretary Bah AF Dkhar said the party strongly condemns this illegal act which will not lead to anything in the long run.
They were identified as Patricia Kharkongor of Nongmensong, Elizabeth Rynjah of Nongmensong, Jenny Malngiang of Lawsohtun and Babika Nongrum of Nongmensong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Känsing said that his resignation from the Congress is not for any reason but because he wants to provide better services to the people.
This is the fourth rank in the Indian Army.
“Therefore, it is the right time not to allow Dalmia Cement Ltd and other companies to do whatever they want because it is a counting of the Dorbar Shnong. The Dorbar Shnong Thangskai has given its full support to the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai to take strong action against the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd. To come forward and support the Dorbar Shnong and especially the leaders of the Dorbar Shnong, as the members of the FKJGP are also the leaders of the FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat.
Chandrashekhar said the hard work of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in all the states of the country and the North Eastern States in the past five years has seen the programmes. and schemes that the government has introduced.
“I joined this party with the expectation that it would bring about the development of Meghalaya and the North East, but the intention to implement this Act has disappointed me. eh and therefore it is necessary to discuss and understand that the different parties, before deciding on this issue”.
Or you can improve the strength of your brain by participating in other activities that require more concentration.
You don't have to spend money, you don't have to travel around the world, no one comes to you and it will affect you very much - this is not my opinion but just an explanation from my side ," he said.
Therefore, on all these facts that have been briefly explained and as a person who has a sense of responsibility for his country and nation and his region as a whole, I would like each and every one of us, from the youth , parents, parents, to join hands in achieving our area to grow and develop in the improvement and beautification of the environment according to our little ability, so that employment The employment of people especially the youth will be increased with the increase in the number of tourists.
“This statement has been published in the media of Meghalaya and the media of the country,” said Gokhale in a complaint to the SP. “Therefore, I request you to register a complaint under Section The Indian Penal Code (IPC) against Prestone Tynsong on charges of defamation and failure to provide information to the complainant,” said Gokhale.
The Dy.CEM said that the objective of this preparation is to streamline the Clan Administration in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Jesus is the voice of the voiceless and those who dare not open their mouths despite being persecuted and attacked.
Two days later, the driver, who was also the owner of the car, appeared.
The MDC of the area, Jesse Suiam, inspected the damaged farm and promised to take action to provide assistance to the affected farmers.
The opening ceremony will be held at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai.
The Seng Kutsnem is the day of celebration of the Khasi Khara people.
The leaders and organizers of the sport event promised that this year the construction of roads will be more difficult than in previous years.
It is believed that the shooting could take place in the coming days, after the approval of the British Parliament, that the shooting will be carried out from Cyprus, which is close to Syria. 100mer and then the ships, which are now in the Mediterranean.
Modi's assets of T.1.26 crore include T.38,700 in cash, T.1,32,698 and T.17,00,927 in bank accounts, T.20,0 T.2,35,000 in bonds, T.1,99,031 in insurance policies and T.1,20,980 in gold, silver and jewelry.
The JYDS, after receiving many complaints from the passengers expressing their concerns regarding the increase in the price of vehicles especially during this time of crisis, earnings.
Speaking to reporters after meeting with the Superintendent of Police (SP) Sylvester Nongtnger, IPS, NHPF President Andreas Nongkynrih said that Rumi Chowdhury has been arrested. and a man named Rajib from Assam have cheated and defrauded the people by sending them to deposit T.1 lakh in order to get T.2 lakh.
He was about four and a half feet tall, with white skin and a scar on his right face.
Therefore, the members have been asked to take classes and complete the book chapters as per the stipulated time, the statement said.
At least 70 people are expected to attend.
In the singles shooting competition, Bankerlang Kharduit of Mylliem Hima and Batskhem Ïawphniaw of Mylliem Hima came to win the title. second and third places of this competition.
In a statement, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, said that any idol made for religious purposes whether it belongs to any religious group or village before performing the religious ceremony. They must obtain permission from the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board which is responsible for the breaking of any idols that affect the cleanliness of the rivers and the environment.
Then you will turn the market into a luri-lura syndon.
The government has announced six police stations in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, namely Diengpasoh, Umsohlait, Nonghyllam, Mawshynrut, Lumshnong and Nartiang.
Many urban areas still want to install old pipes because they are satisfied with the old pipes.
The meeting also called on the Khasi District Council to stand by its decision to oppose any construction of a dam in Wah Khri and demanded that the Government of India should not allow such a proposal. I don't know why Wah Khri is in Assam.
The second phase of the construction of the stadium, which is an indoor stadium, will cost about T 70 crore.
As soon as he fell down, he shot himself and said, "You don't know how to cook, I'll eat myself. If you don't, I'll eat you. If you don't, I'll eat you. but you don't have a heart.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: West Khasi Hills has won the women's football title while East Khasi Hills has won the men's football title in the final of the 4th Meghalaya Games .
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : Pondicherry beat Meghalaya by nine wickets in the U-25 Men's State A Trophy in Chandigarh on Tuesday.
Members of the council shall not be employees of District Councils, MLAs, MPs, MDCs or employees of government departments.
He said that the places where the people preach that there is no such worship of the devil are Barik, Upper Shillong.
Lingam said those involved in the burning of the Bible and assaulting these people were members of the RSS, who followed the vehicle and after that, they stopped and touched the vehicle. who were in the car.
She said that there are about 33 million children in India and out of these 9 million are orphans.
On the other hand, the district authorities of West Bengal have urged the sisters to allow only 7 sisters to take part in the funeral of Sister Julia N Majaw.
All seven Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLAs in Nagaland have expressed their support for Ajit Pawar, which has been part of the strong impact on his son Sharad Pawar.
With the funding of the Government, the Government College has adequate facilities, including Class Rooms, Library, Laboratory, Boys' Hostel & Girl Hostel and other adequate facilities.
The President of the BJYM said that even to build the dorbar hall, they have not done anything for more than decades.
When asked why he writes well only in Khasi newspapers, he said he wants to write in Khasi, especially for the household affairs of the community.
Most of the market is occupied by middlemen or middlemen who charge the farmers by paying for the produce before harvesting.
Promotion of Women's Inclusion in Sports : As a special step to encourage women's participation in sports, the 36th Departmental Project Approval Committee (DPAC) of the Khelo India Scheme has approved the proposal to Women's League in various sports.
“Now to identify who are the rightful residents of the area on the part of the Municipal employees and to identify who are the illegal residents, it is a very difficult task to think about,” he said. he said.
However, he said that many of the leaders of the leading political parties could not come to pay tribute to this great man of the nation because they were still in the middle of the game.
Thousands of people started their march from Polo Ground to Saw Furlong, then behind the Governor's House (YMCA) to St. Anthony's College, Shillong College and back. They went back to the same place to greet their friends after the walk.
In East Jaintia Hills District, one person has died in Lumshnong on Tuesday and the report has not been received yet.
He has just thrown himself away for those reasons.
It is then that we can say that we will improve the income of the farmers in the state especially in the rural areas of the state.
“These villages of Block-I have been deprived of development projects such as roads, electricity, education, health and others from the two Governments which is a violation of their rights. long people.
The experts in this state-of-the-art facility which operates 24 hours a day or 24X7 state-of-the-art has specially equipped rooms and can to inspect and learn about vehicles so that service and support can be provided to vehicles at Eicher's Uptime Certified workshops across the country.
Shillong: Mawphlang SC beat Lumpyngngad SC 3-0 in the 4th Division of the SSA on Saturday.
Shillong, July 30: Speaking at the KHADC Legislative Assembly on Tuesday, Laitumkhrah MDC Antonio War, who is in the opposition, expressed his concern over the shortage of vendors. “The land owners of the Municipal are surprised that they are selling land in the Municipal, even those who sell jhur only in the evening. I have seen in Laitumkhrah and other places, but the khar die madan from the khar alumuri and others sit and step and night there is no trust,” said Bah Antonio who urged the KHADC not to allow He said that such vendors should also have a license to operate in the markets under the jurisdiction of the KHADC.
According to the SIT, it was a case of rape, and several people including government officers have been arrested for allegedly forcing he shall not take his life.
The intention of the taxi drivers from Sohra is very good and we from Ri Khasi should support them together and the reason is that they will survive, not just become spectators. The income of the vehicles from Assam.
In June, Global Pharma Healthcare of Tamil Nadu issued a recall on the properties of eye drops.
The word Happiness refers to blessings.
We have seen the hard work of the officers and engineers of MeECL to complete this project quickly,” said Bah Mawthoh.
The scheme has allocated up to 1 lakh tyngka for Sports Clubs and Youth Clubs to conduct various programs related to the youth.
Traffic Cell Police have arrested two drivers of these trucks while another managed to flee the scene.
Hearing the case today, Judge SR Sen concluded the case filed by Agnes Kharshiing against the police for not doing anything and handed over the case to the CBI. Kharshiing sought a reply to the affidavit and the CBI counsel requested that the case remain open, but the court concluded that the Commissioner of Home Affairs, EP Kharbhih, who is also a member of the High. The Level Scrutiny Committee has filed an affidavit stating that the case is pending in the Supreme Court.
He said that the KHADC has spent T.1.35 crore to clean up Wahumkhrah but nothing has been done. crore rupees" he repeated.
Those who witnessed the final match included Bah Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest, Bah Aibor Khongjee one of the prominent sportsmen of the state as the symbud chief guest, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh as the chief guest. , senior party leaders from Ri Bhoi and many others.
When Sangot Pakyntein came to Harnamooid, he gave him a gift.
The Prime Minister urged everyone to follow the safety measures against Covid-19, especially during the upcoming festive season including the wearing of masks in public places.
We often see on YouTube channels that pastors, elders, priests, brothers... show special love only to those within their religious group.
John Kennedy and Nikita Khrushchev agreed to remove the bombs from Cuba, with the US deciding not to attack at all. he saw the Ri.
These players have been selected on the basis of their performance in various tournaments for the year 2023-24 including the Vinoo Mankad Trophy and the Cooch Behar Trophy.
Rida tried to fight but she couldn't, Panah defeated her.
These include EGH: 4, EJH: 7, EKH: 143, NGH: 4, RBD: 39, SGH: 10, SWGH: 4, SWKH: 28, WGH: 40, WJH: 22 and WKH:
The traffic jam in Upper Shillong has been a daily incident and has lasted for several hours. The traffic jam started from Laimer to Hynniewmer and reached Mylliem and so on. ter.
The Chief Guest also awarded the prize to Wansaka E.Hinge in the Mascot Design Competition.
Where shall the nation go, if we are not wise? Likewise, those who know God, While they are alive on earth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Champion Paliar, Leader of the People of Rambrai Constituency, said that they are still gathering and preparing the documents tomorrow and will file them again on Thursday in the High Court, Meghalaya.
Shillong: U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, has hoped that the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya will be resolved in six points of contention.
It may be recalled that the survey was conducted by M/s Water and Power Consultancy Services (WAPCOS) in 1990 and Tojo Vikas International Private Limited, New Delhi in in the year
She said that Agnes and Amita have informed the Madanryting Police Station, where the police have come to inspect the trucks.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mutong, Helping Phawa, who is also a former MDC, said that the Dorbar Shnong has decided to turn the area from Phansyiar to Shka Hali into a Fish Sanctuary. neither shall the rawon be allowed to eat.
How many times have school children explained that non biodegradable, companies that give money to the government have increased production no different from the dewbilat factory in Meghalaya which has enriched the government until the fish in the Lukha River has been destroyed by the DC East Jaintia Hills Then he warned them not to eat because the fish had died from the bih and man was no different from the fish.
Speaking on the contribution of the late Tirot Sing Syiem, Dr. Kharlukhi said that although this hero passed away 187 years ago, his name and reputation is still alive and well. His bravery is celebrated and remembered not only in Nongkhlaw but throughout Meghalaya.
From now on, it will be done by cutting off people's heads.
This will benefit the students of this state and government schools will be fully equipped,” said Marak.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthymmai Circle has arrested a foreigner married to a Khasi woman known as Padeng for raping a young girl.
Among the parties that have announced their candidates are the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon and the NPP for Ampareen Lyngdoh.
This is in response to the demand of the ASHAs that they need PPEs when they have to visit the people who are under quarantine at home.
The officers also promised that once the employee of the office informs them, they will send the employees to remove these electricity posts as soon as possible, so that the school children and residents they will be free from any electric shock.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The President of the HSPDP, Ardent Basaiawmoit, who is also the MLA of Nongkrem, on Tuesday said that the remarks of Adelbert Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw, have been heard. u Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the road.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the central government has temporarily suspended the arrival of troops who have to continue their duties in the state, except for those who are already present. on the way back.
Recently, the news that the NPP and Trinamool Congress MLAs will join the BJP has raised the question of how far the BJP will be able to win the sitting MLAs who will join the BJP. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has just announced the date of the elections in Meghalaya.
Many of them have expressed that they have been shocked and shocked by this Tamsa but now, when this Tamsa arrives, these are the same people who have been cleaning up in front of their candidate.
If the forest is destroyed, these too are destroyed.
When God no longer hears prayers, a person must first repent, and by that repentance, God is pleased with that person again.
Rev RM Kharshandy, chaplain of the hospital, conducted a special prayer for the occasion.
So Kiang was taken to Jwai to be executed.
India has the largest amount of thorium in the world, but the uranium available here is not good.
However, even if they are dom or diaw, the family of Bah Let does not have any authority in the village affairs because almost all the villagers including the leaders have been on the side of Bah Shanbor this time.
Shillong: U KHNAM MLA from North Shillong constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, is ready to speak in the Khasi language in the Legislative Assembly today.
Former World Heavyweight Champion Anthony Joshua has said that he is now preparing for his fight against American boxer Jermaine Franklin in the 1st round. on June 10 at London's O2 Arena.
North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai has launched a campaign to distribute education to the rural areas to help children to access education in their villages, especially those from low income families, but who have the skills. epic.
“How can this person whom I have just appointed as secretary and we have paid him a monthly salary dare to challenge the work of AJCCTA and what is the basis for including HANM and JYF? “I don't have a single vehicle to join the transporter or to transport cement,” said Balen and asked the two organizations including HANM and JYF what they mean to join hands in the transporter. Ma Balen said that Kyrshan Dkhar has been removed as secretary from the 2nd and Boneyfast Rymbai has been appointed in his place.
“Therefore, only flyovers can solve this problem of Shillong,” he added.
“If anyone intends to speak or act against him, the punishment is to be removed from office,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Nongspung Hima has sent a complaint to the state government, the District Council, the Chief Minister and the SC of Ri Bhoi District to take action against the Assam government.
Not only that, but the union has also decided to monitor the Umsning Mawhati Jagi Road and that is to demand that the government should upgrade it to a Two-Lane or National Highway.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) is expecting to send about 10 boxers to compete in the tournament which will start on the 25th of this month.
He added that he has no problem with the former Chief Minister.
Twenty students have committed suicide and this has prompted the state government to send back the answers of 3 lakh students who failed in the last examination.
When I think alone, I see that the position of our state representatives is reversed compared to the school teachers.
Meanwhile, Kong Ampareen said that her visit to this area is as a resident who is concerned about the arrest of Bah Ardent and to request him to stop coming to the table of talks with the government. .
When asked by reporters, Conrad said he did not want to comment on the matter at present, as it is still in the hands of the court and it is not appropriate for him to comment.
The Kamalpur (India) Kurmaghat Border Haat will be constructed at a cost of T.5.30 crore and the Government of India will spend T.2.50 crore of this amount.
Myntdu started the game well by chasing the run, with Rohit Shah blazing for 51 runs from 32 balls and continuing until the end of the match.
Shillong, November 14: The meeting of the Joint Action Committee of the All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) scheduled for November 11, 2015 has been postponed to November 18, 2015 at the Youth Hostel, Shillong. pm to discuss the report of the RTI Committee and other necessary matters of the party.
So far, no one has claimed responsibility for the incident, but All India Radio has claimed that the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA) is responsible for the incident.
The match tomorrow 26th will be between Mynthong and Sabah Muswang at 3 pm.
Shortly after the match, both the teams failed to score a goal in the middle of the field and for this reason the winner and loser had to be decided by a tie-breaker.
Today, we have gathered again in the 100th year after the first procession to praise the Blessed Virgin Mary and this same Blessed Virgin Mary has followed, accompanied us and protected us.
Earlier, the Congress left the Lok Sabha on 8th July
He said that some of the schemes he has introduced in the constituency including 10 Primary Schools which have already been constructed at a cost of 37 lakh tyngka and 10 more schools at a cost of 44 lakh tyngka through the Border Area and others. scheme.
One of the words we often hear from Tirot Singh is, “This is my country, the country of the blood of my father's son.” Tirot Singh did not want to be a king to rule his kingdom. you are a slave.
Bah Batskhem said that the party expresses its concern that the Job Reservation Policy of 1972 has caused confusion in the minds of the members of the two ethnic groups in Rilum. Khasi and Garo.
These children are under 18 years of age and have to be placed in juvenile homes.
He said that the district authorities have allowed only one vehicle to carry the mawbynna and one vehicle to follow on the 19th of June but they are not happy to do so because it will be crowded.
“This is all because the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not been able to send the DPR. "It's a people," said Ronnie.
The Court also said that the State can also use the existing thew gates and can also install others in important places especially in those places before entering the State and also in places along the way.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has announced that it will hold a strike against the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District. to prevent trucks of factories from carrying cement and clinker to store their goods.
In the Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF), all parties and MDCs are in power.
From Sohra to Laitlyngkot is only 18 miles away and there is also a road which is very useful and can be improved at a low cost.
The final quarterfinal match will be between Mynsngat FC and Salaroh FC at 2.00 pm tomorrow.
Leave for a few minutes and then rinse with water.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will not discuss the ILP. Speaking to reporters after a meeting with the 14th Finance Commission, Mukul Sangma said, “The government does not want to discuss the ILP, and there will be no intention to discuss it. the ILP"
The National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI) has recommended that women who are not pregnant be vaccinated.
These help with digestion and reduce the risk of diabetes and high blood pressure.
“In the coalition government, the Prime Minister does not have time to look after the development, but he has to spend time to support the parties in the government,” said Dr. Warjri.
“He also shared some of the lines spoken by the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, PA Sangma, who said, education makes a Khasi a true Khasi. Garo to Garo, Naga to Naga, Hindu to Hindu, Muslim to Muslim and Christian to Christian.
Fatima's marks were the highest among her classmates.
The blood donation was held at the Dorbar Hall Sohiong, where CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was the chief guest and Bah Sherborlang Lyngdoh Mawlong MDC of the area was the Symbud Chief Guest.
After finding that the water distributed to the people of Mawphlang through Sawmer Shiteng is not safe to drink, Thomas said that KHNAM will now go around the area to check on the people. They don't have the water that is safe to drink or it is acidic as it has been found in the past few days.
Noting that personal laws such as marriage, divorce, inheritance, children, food, etc. are also the powers of the State Government, the union said that the State has already various laws on marriage, inheritance etc. have been passed and these have been implemented and accepted by the citizens of the State.
In Group D, West Bengal drew 1-1 with Chhattisgarh.
He said that he was not afraid of being arrested by the police but he was afraid of being shot dead by the prime minister.
According to sources, it is understood that some Sengbhalang may leave for the Secretariat tomorrow, but no confirmation has been received from any group of Sengbhalang.
In a complaint to the Chairperson of the Lokayukta, Bhalang Dhar, Goghale said, “The Lokayukta should set up an independent inquiry into these corruption cases and punish those involved according to the law”.
That we no longer need to rely on others to protect the environment, but we must protect the environment ourselves by banning the destruction of forests, the killing of wildlife and the killing of wildlife. the dohum dohwah that is in the midst of the fire.
“The letter we received from the Government is on the 3rd but due to busy schedule we have not been able to come soon.
Traffic accidents do not only cause damage to vehicles or loss of vehicles.
I am one of the members of Operation Clean-up which cleans the Umkaliar River twice a month.
Such a good example has brought about an increase in the participation of people in rural employment through MNREGS and has empowered women in the state to open up opportunities for income generation through SHGs. , students no longer need to waste time fetching water.
Michal Dhar is the husband of Rinoia Papang and the father of Consider Well Papang, Arsamki Papang and Leibiang Papang.
Nongpoh, Naitung 12: The All Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) today held a rally in Nongpoh to demand that the government should release their salaries. teachers which has been suspended for about 5 months since June 2022.
"We are ready to do that too..." replied Niakha. Niakha asked for a letter and wrote a complaint to the Rangbah Shnong. Kmie Rida and her son to go to the Rangbah Shnong's house.
The arrest of these people came after they protested against the management of the Legia Warsaw who failed to stop the distribution of 1,000 tickets to foreign fans. West Midlands Police said the incident occurred at around 10:00 pm local time.
The deceased were identified as Edmund Nongsiej, 20, Pynibor Nongsiej, 12, Phibanroi Marngar, 25, and her seven-month-old son.
Social media is one of the platforms where farmers can promote their products such as Facebook, Youtube, Whats App, Twitter.
This incident not only angered the parents (Bah Petros Rymbai and Kong Some Mary Dkhar) but also affected the relationship between the child and the parents.
“Meghalaya has now ranked 12th with 1.65% in the current number of drug users,” he said. among those who use drugs.
This was done by the Fire and Emergency Services Department as part of the prevention of any incidents that could occur especially in old government buildings which have existed since the time of the British Government.
The officer who spoke on the phone, Thuester R Marak, and the supervisor, Eva Sawian, warned him not to do so and threatened him in many ways.
Speaking to reporters, Sambormi Lyngdoh said, “Ka seng is surprised that the minister has not yet known the government's intention on the railway project. The union also said that if the government puts development first, why doesn't it turn to other types of development projects such as the introduction of Government Colleges, Residential Schools and “In his speech, the Minister said that if the railway line comes, it will benefit the people of the area. “If the government takes action, the road will not be too bad as it is now,” said the Jaintia National Council. He also expressed his surprise that regarding this proposal to build a railway line, even the leaders of Jaintia Hills seem to be happy and agree with the government and are ready to say something on this. However, when it comes to development projects for Jaintia Hills, none of the leaders has said anything.
Shalinstar Syngkli of Christian Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Player in the U-14 boys category, Imanbha Marbaniang of Umdihar Secondary School in the U-17 boys category and Best Player in the U-17 girls category. Cordinia Thangkhiew of Sati Raja Memorial Secondary School.
I'll also put water here in the bar to sum.
She was still sleeping.
She also urged all the Rangbah Shnongs not to reveal such fraud and corruption, but to cooperate for the sake of the smooth running of this election.
Why? "For the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the Lord, as the waters cover the sea.
Out of these 33, 29 are from KHADC and 4 from JHADC. In KHADC, there are 16 candidates from three constituencies under East Khasi Hills and these are 6 from Laban-Mawprem, cases from Nongpung-Sohiong and five cases from Nongkrem constituency.
Kolkata: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma has said that the Indian government will talk to Bangladesh to take back those people who have been declared as citizens of the country according to the National Register. of Citizen.
With us, win or lose, it doesn’t matter.
Three persons have been arrested by the police in connection with an incident in which a child was used for prostitution.
U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, encouraged the KAS in its efforts to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India and said that the government will continue to Speaking about Soso Tham, he recalled the times when he was in school when he read the poems of Soso Tham especially one of the poems which says 'Every wise man who can speak without “If you don't open the door, you won't be able to speak,” he said. “We all have our own talents, but if the door is not open, we won't reach anywhere. “I don't lose hope that the Khasi language will be included in the 8th Schedule,” said the President of Khasi. Authors Society, Prof DRL Nonglait, informed that the Khasi Authors Society was established on 11th November 1979 and the words “promote the Khasi language” are the words of the Society. He said that the Society is now preparing to publish the Khasi-Khasi Dictionary, which will start soon. He also explained the work of the Khasi Authors Society which has already demanded from the government to make the Khasi language the official language. In April, the party had submitted a petition to the Chief Minister.
On the auction of coal mined since before the NGT ban came into force, the Advocate-General promised that the government will follow exactly the time and manner as it has given to the government. by the High Court.
The most serious change began in recent years when many schools did not allow students to buy textbooks, copies, school bags and even school uniforms from outside.
Prestone said that within the next two or three days, the issue will be resolved.
The rainfall in the last two days has increased slightly but the Umiam Dam has not yet given any hope of generating more electricity and it needs more rainfall to increase the level of the Dam.
However, for the slightest reason, they break the divorce and go to the District Council for a divorce.
He said that her husband, who was involved in the incident, has been arrested by the police after the Ri Bhoi Police took action to investigate and also to arrest him for the crime. to punish according to the provisions of law, he added.
Slasha and coffee will no longer be spoken of.
It is now up to us, especially the ethnic minorities, to look and judge for ourselves how much we have benefited or used these opportunities.
Besides, the floods have also risen to the houses of people which has caused problems to the residents.
On this occasion, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep expresses its deep sorrow and sends its condolences to the entire family.
The group, under the leadership of Rangbah Kworshon Marbaniang as Secretary, urged the KHADC especially the CEM who is very concerned about the Khasi-Khara culture and traditions. If you don't understand this issue, it will mislead the future of the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and Paid Khasi Baiar.
He said that RR Colony or Them Rynjah has been home to many Bangladeshi refugees since 1952 and there are about 275 households in the village and about 4,000 voters. .
He also complained that we lack knowledge of our own language.
Regarding the existence of these two markets, the Khasi elders who are the managers of the Langpih market, said that they have informed the managers of the market set up by the Nepalis, to meet together. and to argue that the same-day market is not pleasant, because the market is weak on the one hand and strong on the other.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The road at Shiliang Jashar Village under Pynursla, which started to be painted in June, 2015, has started to collapse within two months.
Mawkyrwat, July 07: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong today conducted the District Level Quiz on “Money Shortage 2023” for Government Schools at the Auditorium Hall of Maharam Higher. Secondary School, Mawkyrwat in the presence of Mrs. S.Kharsahnoh, District School Education Officer, Mawkyrwat.
He said that the government has been able to formulate and implement the Education Policy and has also got two colleges one in Patharkhmah and one in Rongjeng besides 11 Residential Schools in the state funded by the government. central government.
To live for the sake of our daily activities.
In the girls' category, Anisha Das of Assam came first, Laiphrakpam Rabina Dev of Manipur came second and Mainsha Choudhary of Rajasthan came third.
While the strike of drivers under the banner of MJACCV continues and the people are still facing suffering and hardship due to the strike by MJACCV across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills, which i The surprising thing is that the Chief Ministers of our State who have been elected by the people including the Chief Minister and so on have not believed but have gone to Delhi to apply for schemes.
Where is the road tax you pay?? Your road tax is under the plan. Why does the government still have to pay like ML
Of these, 13.34 crore Aadhaars have been verified and 81.89% of the employees are now eligible for PBS. it is a need-based scheme and depends on various income-related activities.
The death toll has risen to 685 in the past 24 hours.
He said that MeECL cannot support itself anymore.
Nongpoh, July 04: To preserve the environment and its surroundings, the District Saw Balang CE Union, today held an Environment Day, which was held at Umdohkha CE Society.
Bah Pius said that after decades of waiting for the people of five villages with 444 households, the foundation stone worth T.8.94 crore has been laid today. through the Public Health Engineering (PHE) office.
The MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Martle Mukhim, said that after he was defeated in the last election, his supporters came to urge him to contest the MDC election but he did not. you shall not be judged.
Tbn.Armim said that if anyone is like that, he doesn't have any sorrow but he wants to change and turn to God.
“The three card system will be better than the ILP to prevent the entry of foreigners into our country,” said MIRPL Vice Chairman Bah Erwin K Sutnga. meeting.
The Lalungs, it is understood, have 4,000 votes and if they have 4,000 votes, they will have a population of 4,000 votes. We don't know whether the young MLA of Mawhati is referring to this line or whether he has another right opinion. child.
Speaking to reporters, Latip said that at this time he does not intend to return to KHNAM. “I will not return at all,” he said.
In 2007, MCCL said that as of November 07, 2013, it was still profit making and could pay the salaries of T.1 crore to 600 employees per month if they upgraded its machines. It can produce 500 tonnes to 1200 tonnes per day.
The KSU Narpuh's visit was also a funeral service for the murdered man.
Former drug dealer Jesus "Rey" Zambada pleaded guilty during Guzman's trial to transferring millions of dollars to Garcia Luna.
BL Buam, one of the police chiefs, said that the name of the son of the DG Prison has appeared as a candidate for the post, but his name has not been approved by the Chairman. get this job.
Both these households have already decided to protect their lives in any event.
Nongstoiñ: Unidentified robbers have broken into the room of St. Xavier Secondary School New Nongstoiñ last night. the school.
Chongtam said that this misuse will not only defame the SMSU but could also create a risk of any tragic incident.
Petrol pumps will open and then the State Bank of India, Laitumkhrah will open.
Kong Lyngdoh is a new candidate from a family that has produced political leaders like Bah PG Marbaniang (Ban Kwai), Bah RG Lyngdoh (Ban Kwai) and Bah Mrs. Ampareen Lyngdoh.
“Let us meet him first and we will explain to you what the outcome of the meeting and discussion was,” said Prestone.
No friends and no enemies as well.
Besides these loans from LIC, NABARD and others, the state government has also taken loans from the Central Government amounting to T.667.99 crore out of the total amount of T.11,912.82 crore.
The Seng also urged the Director of DSEL and the DSEO in charge of the area to immediately arrange for the safety of the students at the school. and also regarding the construction of an additional building as proposed by the office of the education department in Nongstoiñ in the past years and also regarding the construction of a playground to improve the land. The old buildings of the school have been abandoned for a long time to avoid any injuries to the students. the school.
New Delhi: More than 400 people have been killed and 3,500 injured in heavy fighting in Sudan in recent days, Margaret Harris, a spokeswoman for Sudan, said in a statement. World Health Organization (WHO).
According to reports, the fire started from the kitchen of the family, after the woman had finished cooking and left the house to go to the kitchen. When they returned, they found that the fire had destroyed their house.
Shillong: The CoMSO today protested and reminded the Union Minister who visited NEHU that the state demands ILP. The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 1,500, with 121 deaths on Tuesday, most of them from Hubei province. The number of cases in China has risen to 65,0
Dr. Lapynshai Syiem has completed his Sangeet Nipun at Hindustan Vocal from the 2007 Sangeet Vidhuyapeeth (Lucknow) examination.
This area is still covered with forests.
Otherwise, the change will happen to those who have many posts of government employees who have retired.
Besides Bah Macmillan Byrsat, four other MDCs including Aldo A Sangma, Toto Lamin, two others Kitboklang Nongrem, President of the State Youth Wing and Dabo Marak, Working President of the State Youth Wing.
Therefore, I say that anyone who has a party can apply for the ticket,” he said.
It will also provide an opportunity for those who wish to fight for the civil service to experience for themselves the situation in this field.
Earlier, he said that he did not think that the commitment of Bah HDR to continue the work of conducting elections in other places would reach him.
Informing on this, Bah Sniawbha-lang said that the Government has not yet taken a decision whether to proceed with the railway project.
When the MDA government, which has been in power since 2018, has been given 'O' marks, how much will it be given to these Congress-led governments? I will mention only these points below, to make it clearer.
He said the MIPRLM has taken this step after the government has not listened to the 10-day deadline.
A few explanations as a basis for understanding it.
President KP Pangniang, who contested and lost from Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency, today said that the candidate from Sohiong constituency has started working in the constituency and has prepared well for the upcoming elections.
Roshan resigned from the post of Minister on 20th November last year.
Shillong, March 6: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Pynursla on Tuesday approved the nomination of Bah Nehru Suting as the party's candidate from Pynursla constituency for the 2018 MLA election. decision of the UDP Central Body.
The marathon will be held in collaboration with the Athletics Federation of India, and details will be announced later.
The BJP has also announced a protest at the AAP headquarters in Delhi.
All this I am writing is not to condemn or criticize you on these facts, but to encourage you.
“The increase in illegal activities by children is what has affected the whole world and children are now involved in more serious crimes.
Hr Sec Sch.
All these types of meat are not available and have to be imported from abroad.
He said that on the same day he had a program at the Presbyterian Church, Mawkhar.
Replying to a question, Prestone said that it should not be said that the people are being bombed by the police but it should also be ensured that the police are also being attacked by the people.
Chelsea beat Arsenal 2-0 in the Europa League in Baku on Saturday night.
The governor of Lviv, in the west, about 1,000 kilometers or about 600 miles from the border with Poland, recently announced that one person had lost his life in a Russian drone attack during midnight.
The appointment of Vaidyanathan comes after Justice Sanjib Banerjee retired as Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
The High Court of Meghalaya in October 2023 has issued an order hearing the petition of the JHADC Staff Association against the Government of Meghalaya and the JHADC. At the same time, it has ordered the JHADC to pay the outstanding salaries of the employees within six months.
What is the point of spending tens of thousands of rupees to beautify Shillong only during Christmas while every day it is left as a city without a government or a ruler?
The name of Jesus has now been exalted not only in Jerusalem but beyond the borders of Israel to all the countries of the world that Jesus is the King of Kings and Lord of Lords.
As is the case in all political parties, the MLAs who win the election will be elected and the party will take the best decision to elect the candidate. Chief Minister in the state.
The vacancies for ANMs were announced on 17th July by the DHS(MI), which has invited government trained nurses to sit for the examination like other non-government trained nurses.
These are few examples.
The Seng in this letter urges the Deputy Commission to implement the law in relation to this illegal activity and smuggling of these foreign trucks without permits. who are enough.
The Teleconsultation, which started in June 2020, was launched by the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma following the outbreak of COVID-19 to connect patients with health facilities so that they can learn. Regarding the diseases, the previous cases were only in the district headquarters and also in the capital of the state.
RUFC had the opportunity to score the first goal through Dibormi Kassar and the second goal through Donboklang Lyngdoh who struck from the box. they passed sharud the goalpost.
The team was led by Daniel Marbaniang and Teibor Kharkongor.
The scheme was announced by Mamata Bannerjee through a video documentary on the implementation and financial support to women in the state.
We have seen upside downs in our expectations of recovery.
The items they receive include blankets, blankets, blankets, etc. and cooking utensils such as khiew, plates and others, so that they can use them in their homes.
The STAR Talent Identification Program was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government under the supervision of Edge10-Sportality. different blocks.
The first match will start at 11:30 pm between Pohkseh SC and Umphrup SC, followed by the second match at 2:30 pm between Laitkyrhong. Shillong, November 16: The Meghalaya Pro Boxing Council (MPBC), which has appointed Shanborlang Marbaniang, the first professional boxer of Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that the organization usually faces many financial problems.
Other wicket-takers for Efty were Eleazar C Dkhar (3 wickets) and Kitboklang Lyngdoh (2 wickets).
He did not go to the fields and did not help his father and mother in any work.
Through questions and answers, the participants were able to understand more about the use of ECHO. Before the end of the training, there was another session where all the participants They shared their experiences in preparing the management of various projects using ECHO. The Partner Launch Training will include 12 hubs or training centers according to The number of districts or 55 education centers according to the number of blocks in the state will be managed by the ECHO team. through the collaboration of various stakeholders.
The union said that in the past years when job seekers applied for jobs, there were three places where they were allowed to choose where they wanted to sit for the examination. Tura and Jowai but this year Jowai has been abolished and there are only Tura and Shillong.
There were also those who said that the leaders of the Sengbhalang in these days, should follow in the footsteps of Bah GH Kharshanlor, because he has paved the way on many issues and some of them have been involved in the There are also those that have not been completed to this day, therefore it is up to the present leaders to complete all the remaining ones.
The Meeting agreed to declare peace and order in the villages within the District and decided to meet again on 06th March 2014 at 11:00 pm to discuss. research and detail on this issue and other needs of the villages.
:The film “Ka Juk Return”, which is the second part of the film “Ka Juk” which was released this year, will soon be released.
The meeting ended with a welcome speech by the President of the Seng Kur and a beautiful song by Bah Nitajan Shadap Manar from Shangpung.
As Prime Minister Narendra Modi said, “Congress Mukt Bharat, an India independent of Congress, must succeed,” she concluded.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 569 new cases have been confirmed and 5791 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
French President Emmanuel Macron, after returning from the EU Summit, to discuss the crisis facing the country at this time, has also expressed his concern over the The police chiefs have taken the life of the child just because he escaped from their search operation in the incident.
This government is a border government, it doesn't use women against me.
Editor,All the beautiful places that attract tourists should have their own visitors and caretakers, so that they can remain in their beauty, and to be clean and tidy. .
This career guidance was organized by SURE in collaboration with the Banker's Club Jowai and the members of the Bankers' Club will donate their time and energy to help the youth who wish to work in banks and banks. different insurance officers.
The Bible Convention will be opened by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh Bishop of Jowai Diocese on the 28th, 29th and 30th November, Prayers Group of Shillong.
And if the MSPCB says it is right, then the ECC can seek justice from the Court.
Looking back on the start of his first victory and title in 2022, Jaden Pariat came second in the F4 British Championship held at Silverstone yesterday. on November 24th and 25th.
During the raid, the investigation team said it seized a large amount of illegal records and documents, an unexplained amount of money whose origins were 81.7 lakh and foreign currency estimated at T.13 lakh.
“In any case, we can convene the HPC next month to discuss this issue,” said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
He said that at present, the PWD (Roads) department has not allocated funds to improve the roads, especially this road which has affected the traffic especially the tourists. you are beautiful in Sohra.
The UDP also said that the lack of a cut of year is the reason for the acceptance of the project.
The testing center at Oxford University has found that these devices are not needed at all and there are now up to half a million of them, which have been destroyed.
“The strength of the Jaidbynriew is the knowledge of the villagers and it can be said that this has been led by Jaïaw-Langsning,” said Bah Paul.
This year, the Government has released up to T.4.5 crore to more than 1300 youth groups.
Of these, 9 have been able to showcase their talent even though it is the first time they have been able to express themselves inside the house.
PFR Football Academy has once again won the title of the 2nd Raidang Anchalik Samonaya Cup 2023 National Level Invitational held at Tinsukia, Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: A meeting of all the alumni of Rising Sun Secondary School, Mawryngkneng will be held on the 6th June at 11 am at the school for the Silver Jubilee.
Bah RM ShabongKa Meghalaya, has now reached the age of 48 years and in such a case, I don't know whether we should be happy or sad and whether we should honor whom. We should not blame anyone for the situation in such a State in these days.
“On the Shillong-Dawki road, the construction is pending, not only from the Sengbhalang but also from the land owners whom we need to talk to and convince them because the way of holding land is different in the state so we need to get their approval".
The curfew will be from 10 pm on 16th November, 2021 (Tuesday) to 5.00 pm on 19th November, first).
Isn’t this worse than playing election songs in schools? There are also organizations that use a college student to distribute money to buttoners.
Guy feels that besides the second part of Aladdin, he also wants to make live some of the Disney films which have received praise from many viewers in recent years.
Healthy blood pressure should include cholesterol including high fiber foods such as vegetables.
The Green Skills Academy is designed for college students over 18 years of age and the aim of the project is to empower young people to achieve full employment through also support health and wellbeing, which will ensure continued prosperity within the State.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has announced that it will abolish the The Meghalaya Gaming Act 2021 has been passed.
The Jongksha Grassroots Football Center has been able to organize this tournament with the support of Yess Meghalaya which is one of the agencies of the State Government which provides financial support to the youth who organize various programmes. including in games.
For more information call
In the last election, the party won only five constituencies.
"Daplin said, "You know, Kongthei, she stays if she's ready for work..." Lanosha turned. The two of them reached the water and went quickly to their work. long to get out of the water during the working hours...[read more on Saturday]
"Argentina's demand is too high and we still lack domestic football expenditure," Prabhakaran said.
He said that these gates have been in existence for many years but even without going to the places where there are gates, the KAAC collects revenue even from the trees cut down from the forest.
After this inspection, the union has sent a letter to the Chief Engineer PWD demanding that he should not release the money to the contractor who is constructing this road and not to punish the contractor for his illegal work. .
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) has announced to re-impose a night curfew in the state especially in East Khasi Hills as part of the efforts to curb the spread of corona virus in the state. from 30th July to 6th November 2020 from 9 pm to 5 pm in East Khasi Hills and surrounding areas of Shillong.
They brought the secretary in front of the public to insult him.
The abducted BDO arrived at his home in Nazing Bazaar this morning.
It comes with a time of rest or a time of grace.
“It is not right to say that he is wise, it is not right to say that we are wise, it is not right to be sad,” said the Sengbhalang leader.
He said the BJP does not have that house-to-house entry but stands firmly on the party's foundation to contest the elections in the state.
It is very difficult for the poor people especially those who live far away and sometimes they cannot afford to go to Jowai just to get adequate treatment to avoid the pain.
We congratulate the teachers and staff of NEHU who have expressed to us that they are against this attack,” said the statement.
The festival is held annually by the Biate community living in the Saipung area. According to the order of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, all offices, schools, educational institutions and Various government departments will be closed on the day of the Nul Ding Kut festival.
He said that the criticism has affected him and his supporters because they have accused Prestone of misleading.
He said that from small to large government employees, all officers should work from Shillong and not from Guwahati. “It has been decided to move the headquarters to Guwahati and it should remain as it was before that the NEEPCO office in Shillong should be the Head Quarter,” he added.
Deborah denied that there was any need to convene Congress Legislature Party meetings from time to time and minor matters were arranged in the party without the need of the CLP. to change the leadership in the party, although she admits that it may not exist because in the big party there is always but it can be easily resolved.
“We demand that the Upper and Lower Primary Schools should be closed down if they are found involved in illegal syrnod to the people of Bihar,” said FKJGP Mawsynram Circle President Bansharai Marbaniang.
It was the Roman Government that appointed the Priests and its Governors managed the taxes and revenue of the Temple.
Indeed, love is very important because it takes many parts in a person's life, such as love for parents, brothers and sisters, loved ones, friends, love for animals and plants.
For I am God, and there is none else: I am God, and there is none like me, declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not done.
According to the videos we see through the press media / social media / Youtube, we see that the people have been sympathized, beaten and shocked without forgiveness like animals.
Zechariah 12:1–4.
Shillong, November 23 : Seventy-four Karate players of the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) under the leadership of Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Sunil Rathee as coach and Arjun Sewa as manager will take part in the Karate Championship. The National Shoto Cup Karate Championship 2022 will be held at Nargol Valsad, Gujarat from 26th to 29th November
“I urge the Department to continue its work in the fight against drug abuse and trafficking in the State,” he said. “While the Police are doing their job, we need to ensure that the 40,500 drug-dependent youths will receive loving care so that they can return to society as responsible and constructive citizens".
The border issue is one of the election issues of the political parties in every election in the state including the NPP.
The CORP also found that through these two projects, the fields of the people have been affected.
Seyboth Wild, who entered the tournament through the qualifiers and did not win any Grand Slam titles, has now been able to send home the star. of Russia by 7-6 (7/5), 6-7 (6/8), 2-6, 6-3, 6-4.
From the sun, moon, stars etc. Only the Earth has life.
In the 2nd Division, Lumshyiap beat Ryntih 3-6
The Meghalaya High Court on the 2nd of this month has canceled the appointment of all the LP teachers appointed in the year 2009-10 by illegal counting after finding out of theft. The High Court has decided to hand over to the CBI to investigate all the LP teacher recruitment examination centers in government schools held in
Last month, the Mawlai Block Congress had issued a statement to the media saying that it has not accepted Bah Process to enter its house.
How sad it is to think of those who have fallen into the trap of drug addiction, not only does it affect them personally but the whole family is in a dark life.
Besides U Rahul Gandhi; Anand Sharma, another senior Congress leader, has tested positive for the virus and has been admitted to a hospital in Gurgaon.
This order shall come into force from the date of its promulgation and shall continue until the end of the elections.
“We want them to give the best and if there is a need to increase the salary to them, we will do so on behalf of the department,” he said.
Decent parents want to provide a decent home and a decent living environment to all their children.
Phone: 7005424191/9856052465.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, congratulated the CIPS and ASCI for organizing this award ceremony in the state.
After a while after the members of the HYC gathered in front of the SP's office, the employees of the Police Department came to hand over these flags to the members of the HYC. Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the HYC WKH, said that the HYC is not fighting against the Police Department but against the government for the implementation of the 9 issues of the jaitbynriew.
More than 40 people took part in the cleaning of the river at Mawlai Kyntonmassar, which has been polluted due to the act itself.
The Village Authority of Suchen Dhana, together with the residents of the village, expressed their gratitude for the provision of a colored road in the village. The Chief Minister, MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla and also the Deputy Commissioner for their efforts to complete this road, the completion of this road, will be of great benefit to the people and will help. He said that for many years the villagers have been waiting for a clean road. color inside the village and now they have this 1200 meter road.
On the other hand, the DC said that no one has received the 4 lakh tyngka or other assistance, as there is no order from the state government.
Therefore, you need to be an elder in times of need (1 Corinthians 14:20).
Laodicea means “people's opinion.”
In chasing the target, West Khasi Hills struggled to play well due to the blocking of the opponent's bowlers and in the end they scored only 137 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
Furthermore, another incident happened at Kensohsan village where the road leading to Nongjri, Ranikor Block or the Sub-way was cut off and turned into two parts.
He was also a member of the India Tribal Union and worked with other politicians in the region.
What is the reason for this? What happened on November 19, 2019 is reminiscent of what happened on June 2,
Many MDCs who took part in the questionnaire were surprised at the working methods of the KHADC. EM Bah Lamphrang in reply said that up to 15 employees have been deployed at the gate. that the employees often had to drive away the trucks to catch them because they did not stop when they were sent to collect taxes.
In the letter, the Prime Minister requested Dharmendra Pradhan to direct the National Testing Authority (NTA) to resolve the issue as soon as possible.
The Vice President, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang urged us to be united in the spirit of love for each other and to work with a spirit of courage and understanding. time, many issues, many struggles, in our journey as an organization we face many difficulties, prisons cannot be obstacles to serve the country and the nation.
The counseling program was conducted by Samla Baiasan Warjri.
The new building of the college was constructed by the Kanchi Kamakoti Shankara Health, Education and Charitable Trust and the enrollment of the students was done by the Purvottar Janajati Education Committee and the Meghalaya Education Committee.
Regarding this incident, a statement from the government said that there was a traffic jam on the road near Siatbakon where the vehicle stopped.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Aman Warr, said that 3354 samples have been sent so far, 3158 samples have been negative and the results are awaited. 182, 14 cases have been confirmed so far, one has died; Twelve people have recovered from the disease and one person is still infected with civid-1
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that Bah Adelbert Nongrum has not read properly the Office Memorandum (OM) issued on 3rd June 2022, in respect of the age of appointment.
My advice for them is the same, and I’m sure coach (Bibiano) can give them what he gave me before.
Sarot I Man in collaboration with the Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Center held an awareness campaign and blood donation at the Jowai Civil Hospital Blood Center on Monday.
A short speech was delivered by the General Secretary of the Seng Kmie Bah Roitre Dkhar who blessed and congratulated the Leaders of JSM, WR and who also took a major part in honoring the new Leaders of the Seng. for the term 2023-2
As the wise saying goes, “Don't look at the thngiat of others, but look at the khung.
The Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills District Council, Bah Lasky Rymbai, has encouraged the office bearers and members of the UDP 5-Sutnga Saipung Block to work hard to win the UDP candidate in the upcoming elections. He said that the UDP is a national party that looks after the parties, the families and it is also the party that fought for the state which was formerly known as the APHLC party and later the APHLC party. At the same time, Lasky urged the office bearers and members of the party to work hard for the development of the party. The UDP party is limited to Khanapara and Malidor because the party's goal is to develop the state, the country and the nation, to preserve the culture and traditions of the party. country and nation.
The YLC is a group that aims to create a platform to share ideas that can benefit the people and the North East.
Six minutes later, when the ball was passed to Chesterpaul Lyngdoh, who was on the right, he managed to shoot against the goal of Pariyar who managed to score again. The ball rolled near the post when Donboklang had the opportunity to roll straight into the net which equaled one goal.
(Office Memorandum September 12, 1979).
Also Read: In Shillong, Jemino Mawthoh received 166,890 votes, Vincent Pala received 255,499 votes and Sanbor Shullai received 40,4
Syrti said she earns 700-800 tyngka a day by choosing mawsleit.
One of the students said that the Constitution of India has empowered the citizens the right to freedom of speech and expression. to vote freely in elections.
Mawrie said the state leaders are afraid of the rise of Bernard Mawrie in South Tura.
He said that after the Deputy Commissioner and Chief Secretary submit their report on this matter, it will be decided to reopen the shops in Iewduh and Khyndai Lad.
The Chief Minister said that the duty of the District Administration for the program is to go to the residents and explain about the programme, so that no one will lose out on the benefits of various government schemes which the Government of India has already implemented specifically for the citizens of India.
There are 6 Graduate Medicine candidates from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 75 candidates remain unemployed till 31st November
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has expressed its regret and deep sorrow over the incident which led to the injury of several people. the spirit of supporting SNSBH yesterday.
I guarantee that.
It is here that the Khasi-Pnar people will stand firm in dignity and honor, righteousness and the law of God, and will rise again in their own country and abroad as well.
There have been 101 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
The poet Soso Tham says in his poetry, 'We seek light all over the world, We don't know the light of the country'
The CAA prevents the most disadvantaged groups from receiving protection and assistance.
They said that on the morning of the 3rd of this month, the village will hold a dorbar at 8 pm.
The following season, Cuadrat led the team once again to the Play-Offs and under him, the BFC set many records.
The countries of the world still think that this country is rich in iong, and full of iong.
The 50-year-old man, who committed suicide, used to claim to be a skilled healer but took advantage of the girls who came to him for treatment.
In East Jaintia Hills, the number of cases has increased to 50 and 70 respectively from before the lockdown.
There is also a plan to move the Headquarters to Shillong.
From Mawkynrew, only Bah Martle N Mukhim, candidate of the HSPDP, has filed his nomination papers.
Once, while he was remembering the past, he remembered those times and events that reminded him of his childhood in Sohra.
Why does the child say that he forgot to return his husband? It also shows the time when we have never seen the use and throw until now when many whales and sharks are killed by setting up plastic bags in the sea. receive the wah.
There will be a joint inspection of the coal transported to Garampani and Dawki by the employees of the DMR and Taxation Gate.
“There have been many elections where the Congress has won in many states but in the next election after 10 years, the Congress will win again.
True, the lips of the Indian government may deny what happened, but history remains the same as it has already happened.
However, the UDP MDCs listened silently in the House without speaking and without taking part in the debate by Bah HS Shylla MDC from Nongkrem. There was a motion of no confidence in the EC but it was only Bah Shylla who had to withdraw the motion, which he brought in the dorbar due to lack of pay.
The distribution of Khaw is 5kg per head for those who are registered on the ration card AAY or PHH. While the Dai is distributed at 1Kg per AAY ration card. ne PHH. In this regard, the wholesalers have been directed to deliver to the ration shops of those dealers who cannot bring themselves due to lack of Car Pass.
Various speakers at the meeting from the leaders of KHADC, JHADC, Rangbah Shnong, Syiems expressed their concern after the order of the High Court not to allow them to issue syrnod to anyone. which ones.
This led Meghalaya to score more than two goals in the first half.
“The salary we are getting now is not commensurate with the work.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday alleged that the ministers of the BJP government when they visit the state, hold political meetings at the expense of public money and he himself as a minister. rangbah doesn't get any information.
“Therefore, we urge the various groups in Manipur to come to the peace talks table.
When these things happen, we know the end is near.
According to Bah Rowel, the meeting was called to discuss the party's affairs after the controversy over the removal of Dr Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister.
The MLA said that he has already spoken to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh for the upgradation of Pomlum PHC to CHC for the benefit of the people of Pomlum PHC. region.
From time to time, we have heard of the assistance from the Central Government in the construction or improvement of roads in the state, but as the months and years go by, the roads remain the same. ring worse ring more worse within the state.
“They proposed, I didn't agree, how can I join the EC which is weak to work, as said Bah Don Sumer, Bah LG Nongsiej that I proposed was very wrong, I have never met with them. " he said again.
Air India flight AI9712 will leave Shillong at 1415 hours and arrive in Kolkata at 1555 hours.
There have been 13 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths to
Similarly, in order to protect the bridge on the border at Shymplong, according to the order, vehicles carrying more than 9 tonnes are prohibited.
Rangshken Area CC won the T20 1st Maitshaphrang Khasi Knockout Cricket Tournament with a cash prize of Rs 10,000 and a trophy while Shaphrang Area CC won the trophy with Rs 5,0 trophy.
“The file of the proposed amendment is still pending with the Planning Department which is examining it,” said Forest Minister Prestone Tynsong.
The words “leave me alone” can make your children feel unkind, unnecessary and hurt at the same time.
Treiborlang in a statement said that the discussion at the CEC was to demand the government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which the JSU has been demanding since 1983 onwards. to introduce ILP in the whole of Meghalaya.
Candidates who have complete documents will get the seat of M.L.A. We will get a CLEAN, TRANSPARENT Government that promotes all in all aspects.
Shillong, March 6: Seven members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Monday surrendered to the Meghalaya Police at the office of the SP of West Garo Hills in Tura.
He was able to lead Salgaocar in the 2009 I-League season.
Many people don't know how to explain this natural disaster because as the days go by, the yield of soh has decreased.
The KSU made this demand after inspecting the building of the college on Monday and found that the building where the Science students and other classrooms are located have been flooded.
Shillong, November 11: The dispute between Prestone Tynsong MLA Pynursla and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has not ended but continues.
“We have informed Prestone before they leave tomorrow to meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Rajnath Singh that the state government should urge the central government to According to Dr Werlok, in fact, the Bill should have been amended in the 6th Scheduled Session,” said the Chairman of SNBSSH. Parliament but as the Central Government has rejected the CAB and the Bill to give 10 percent quota to SC/ST, the Bill has been suspended.
“The District Council is different from the state government, in the District Council we look after the culture of the people so there is no way for us to support the MDA government,” he said.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawroh said that this is a sad incident and the village strongly condemns such an incident.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Friday vowed that if the Forest Department does not remove the illegal construction in Mahadev Khola, the KSU will come and build houses in Mahadev Khola. give shelter to indigenous people, poor families in this area.
I went to Shata Dar (Shata according to the poet Soso Tham).
Finally, the guards stood up, The roads were opened, Mankind was in trouble, The disease was driven away.
Many people gathered at Har ki Pauri where the protesting runners were ready to throw away their world and Olympic medals in the clean river. Wrestling Federation of India (WWF) leader Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh has been accused of involvement in the rape of girls.
Nongpoh: The residents of Baridua village in Ri Bhoi district, which is also a village bordering Assam, today marched to clean up the dirty drains of the road. NH-37.
“I don't know if I'm going to stay in the city but it's different.
The teacher was speaking at a rally at the National Press Club in Dhaka today to protest against the 1.9 million people who have been denied citizenship in India. They were sent to Bangladesh.
On this occasion, Pynshngaiñ said that the CS's statement is only misleading to the people. “The position of Chief Secretary should not explain the laws, except for the authorities of the courts who can “It's not like we're going to be able to explain,” said Bah PN Syiem.
On Saturday, the Ribhoi District Police led by the K9 Dog Squad of the CID conducted a raid on the Farm House.
“The Lord is risen.
With the death of one person in Surat, Gujarat, the death toll in the country has risen to
The new office bearers of the school include Assistant Headmaster Ma Postling Dkhar, General Secretary Ma Dimon Rymbai; Assistant General Secretary Andronikos Ryngkhlem, Finance Secretary Nangbun Rymbai, Treasurer Nikorme Siangshai, Chairman Workingme Ryngkhlem, President VDP Ma Iakmenlang Phawa; President WSSWO Ma Moonki Dkhar; Secretary SMC (UP-HSSLC) Gratefulson Siangshai and along with 12 members to the Executive Committee of the village.
Regarding this demand, the union has given 15 days to the government to take necessary action against these police officers, otherwise the union will take strong protest measures and force the government to take action against these police officers. government to dismiss these police chiefs.
The farmers from Mawthadraishan, Nongstoiñ and Mawshynrut areas, who came to participate in the training which was held from 13th July, also benefited.
Younisha Thabah scored the first goal for Ri-Bhoi in the first minute of the first half. Daphishisha Syngkli scored the first goal of the match in the 60+3 minutes before the end of the first half. They also won 2-4 on penalties.
Another reason expressed by the coaches is that they don't have enough time to train the children because the sports department sends them to participate in many programmes.
These places should be located in every block and should be well managed, and no money should be charged from people when they need assistance.
“We don't want to take to the streets on this demand but what we have promised we will fulfill. Don't say that we have only 4 MLAs. , the 5 years now you will rule in space you will not be able to do violence like you have done in the past 5 years we will not allow".
We have already submitted the Detailed Project Report prepared by the Planning Department.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: U Fr.James PT, Parish Priest of Songsak (EGH) Catholic Church, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the Police that on the 13th of this month at 3 pm, robbers robbed him. They went to the boundary of the church and threw stones at the hostel residence and the room where Shri Akhirul Islam, a teacher at St. Francis School, lives.
Momin explained about providing advance notice to establish requirements and setting up a team to oversee the progress of works.
Moonlight said this while addressing a public meeting at the Seinraij Complex in Iawmusiang in front of the DC office, Jowai on Thursday.
Teibor Nonglang, Sordar of Umwali Village, said that he as the village headman had gone to stop the incident between the woman and the youths, but the woman had spread unfounded rumors. .
Tangmar and his nephew got into the boat and headed east.
KSU Jowai Circle General Secretary Phraki Howni Thubru, KSU Jowai Circle General Secretary Jerrymaia Laloo and others led the arrest of these foreigners.
There are 941 recoveries and 20 deaths. In East Khasi Hills, 17 cases, West Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi and West Garo Hills have one death each.
He also advised the office bearers and members of the PDF East Jaintia Hills District to work together and be firm in the foundation and once a day victory will come.
Shillong, Naitung 17: The FKJGP Seng Kmie under the leadership of Bah Marbud Dkhar, Bah Wankmenlang Tariang and Bah ES Cajee together with the members of the Circle of the FKJGP today closed down three offices. Birla Sun Life Insurance, Reliance Life Insurance and Reliance Company in Lachumiere have been arrested on the grounds that they have not respected the holiday recognized and given by the State Government to commemorate Lyngkhuh Sngi. The death of Paiem Tirot Singh Syiem.
“We will see after tomorrow's meeting,” he said. They said that the withdrawal from the UDA is still ongoing until a decision is taken tomorrow.
These projects require modern technology and knowledge how to pump water during the rainy season and the same pumped water can be used when the pond runs out of water. .
Besides government departments and NGOs, various religious organizations also have a role to play in this regard for the benefit of the people.
The elderly woman went to the KSU Mawkyrwat for help.
Jowai: Unidentified thieves have broken into the office of nurses and doctors of Urban PHC, Ladthadlaboh Jowai and stolen a computer including a monitor and CPU. The doctor in charge of the PHC, Dr. JN Shullai, lodged a complaint with the police on Friday morning.
Meanwhile, HSPDP leader KP Pangniang, speaking on the same issue, said that they have been sent to become MDCs by the empowerment of the people. “We are ready to contest the election again. “We are ready to contest the election. I'm sorry,” said Pangniang.
“It is impossible to say that the AITC is the strongest party in West Bengal and why doesn't it focus only there but come to destroy the vote share of the Congress in the state,” she said. .
In other words, the water was not to be used for cooking or drinking (Exodus 15).
Otherwise, it would not have been possible for the leaders from another continent to have thought of leaving Wales and arriving in Sohra in
London, July 26: British and American defense experts are planning to attack Bashad al-Assad's military bases.
During the raid, the union found many foreigners who came to work without proper documents in the area and also found some contract workers under the age of 18 years.
“This program is a good training for all especially for the students.
“Please Mr. Ardent come to the table, let's talk,” she added.
At the same time , Bah Pynshai expressed his surprise at the statements of the Prime Minister who said that the people need to be given land in order to achieve this dream , because all the time The Upper Shillong Road is a government property owned by the Ministry of Army, Revenue, Forest, Agriculture and Veterinary.
Fishing is a pleasure that is not only time and energy consuming.
Speaking to media, he said that according to a letter written by the Under Secretary of the General Administration Department (B), the state government has made it clear that Mawlai has fallen under the jurisdiction of Mawlai. Community bad Rural Development Block.
The incident happened at a village under Nartiang Police Station.
The total number of deaths in road accidents in East Khasi Hills from 2022 to June this year has risen to
Meanwhile, smaller traders who have no close relationship with government officials, especially some government ministers, who claim to be 'Low Level' cannot transport coal from the East. Jaintia in Assam.
PSG have accepted and stated that Al Hilal could hold talks with the forward for a contract.
It may be recalled that after the reign of Jum Singh, the Dorbad and Kali, which belonged to the Syiem of Mylliem, were taken over by the Khraw.
The KSU said that the MEECL will have to wait for the transformer to arrive from Jowai and once it arrives they will build it immediately.
There are those from Wapungskur, Pynthorsale, Iongkaluh and other places.
Apart from ethnic and religious groups, other powerful groups in the world are commercial and public service groups that are global, regardless of ethnicity or religion.
The arrest of these foreigners came after receiving information about the presence of a group of foreigners, who were suspected to have proper documents and planned to They smuggled into the state by sitting inside a tarpal truck. When these gangs raided Umsning, they were arrested.
The jyndem obtained from the kiad is fed to pigs or cows.
“Our government believes what Assam says, Meghalaya believes that Sabuda falls under Block 11 but it is not so. These villages no longer fall under Block 11,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, June 21: Members of the VDP New Nongstoiñ, while continuing their raid on illegal liquor traders in Nongstoiñ Market, on Tuesday evening, seized hundreds of bottles of liquor. from a place inside the Nongstoiñ Market.
Belvidere Fire Chief Shawn Schadle said one person was reported dead and 28 others were injured in the blaze. Five of them were taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Donald V Thabah, who confirmed the Myriem department, said that the KSU leaders and members should stand firmly against the government's plans to mine uranium in Mawthabah and Domiasiat.
In a statement, the party said that the purpose of holding the municipal elections is to destroy the customs and traditions and to immediately destroy what the nation has.
“He has been thinking stupidly, he is sitting in the throne of stupid people, let him sit but just a few days,” said Manas after filing his nomination papers as the Congress candidate today.
The new cases include 138, RBD, 105, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 37, WJH: 19 and WKH:
She said that police have found evidence from the mobile phone of the arrested HNLC member Bah Sorgy Lyngdoh that he is involved in extorting money from many people.
HNLC Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa said that the peace talks have started since
However, as happens in this state, most of these things are not done in the light.
Shillong: Shella MLA Balajiedkupar Synrem has distributed food items such as rice and other items to the villages in the three Elaka of the constituency.
The Sixth Schedule is a shield to protect me which was signed by Bah Joy.
For example, if the cost of the Smart City project is T.5000 crore, the Government of India will provide T.2500 crore and the State Government will allocate the remaining T.2500 crore.
When the police released the child, the man admitted that she had cheated on him and took the belongings.
Furthermore, as part of the celebration of the heritage of the state, lagori and gatka were also included as sports.
The program was held on the 13th of this month at Moorathud.
It is learned that the unidentified man fell backwards while trying to climb the footpath and at this time a truck hit him.
Speaking to reporters, Baiashanlang Kharshanlor, said that the union demands immediately to stop the distribution of the Dwai and that the government authorities through the health department, Investigation should be conducted first, as most government hospitals provide cheap medicines which can harm the public.
Sagar, who won the silver medal at the Commonwealth Games 2022, lost in the third round after Jaipal hit hard and the referee had to stop him. the game.
“The KJCLF expresses its deepest condolences to all the residents of this election (2024) and once again urges all the residents to vote responsibly on polling day and to vote 'with a clear understanding, courage and understanding that we expect for something new,” said KJCLF Secretary, Rev.Dr.EHKharkongor in a statement.
Jansing Tynsong, MDC Lyngkyrdem-Laitkroh Constituency, has expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of one of his close friends and former Sohryngkham MDC Marbok Kharpran.
Nongstoin, June 28: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi, who is also the Chairman of the Nongstoin Town Committee (NTC), today announced that the NTC) in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnong New Nongstoin and Upper New Nongstoin, will conduct a cleanliness drive in Nongstoin.
“During the District Council elections, the MLAs were not banned from filing their nomination papers. “I don't know why,” he said, adding that the bill should have been sent to the select committee before being passed.
“This cleanliness drive which started today is what we want to do every three months, because the community and culture have fought to clean up the villages,” said Conrad. They have done this in their own strength without any support.
U Bah PT Sawkmie urged the agencies to inform the Director of NEIGRIHMS to reinstate these nurses.
Conrad said the Public Health Engineering Department has received a huge amount of funds from JJM and EAP, which has reached nearly T.8000 crore.
He said that this initiative will open up job opportunities for young job seekers from Meghalaya.
Umladkhur SC scored the first goal of the match in the 39th minute.
From now on, we have to hope that nature will have mercy on us and that heavy rain will fall on the state so that we can escape the scourge of falling into darkness for more than 10 hours a day. .
He said that the traffic police only seize vehicles from Upper Shillong, Laimer, Lummawbah, Laban, but do not seize vehicles from other areas. The police have arrested without issuing any order or public announcement to all taxi drivers, but they have said on the road that it is the order of the SP and DTO to arrest those who carry you are tall.
If the soil is very fertile they may be fewer, but the leaves will be more.
The time has come to replace the bearings on the bridge built on the Umïam Dam, and the Government is now waiting for the full report from the The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Guwahati will explain the condition of the bridge.
“The purpose of the Rai Eh Daw Campaign is to raise awareness that the reason why the state has not been able to achieve its pending issues is because we have made a mistake in electing our leaders.
Now, they talk more about school than about farming.
Muslims have also been ordered to pray in their homes on Tuesday as there is a suspicion that some people are still planning to attack by bombing.
Modi's rules are (i) to give confidence to the officers not to hesitate when there are any problems.
Speaking to reporters from West Khasi Hills, Nandita Das said that her visit to Langpih was to see the situation in the area as it has appeared in the past few months. There has been a lot of trouble which has also caused unrest among the people.
He encouraged them to participate in various activities to improve the society where the leaders will do their best to implement policies to improve employment opportunities for the youth. Decruse, Project Director of MACS, explained about the health campaign which has been conducted for three months in East Jaintia Hills District.
The CEM confirmed in the House that the Executive Committee will request the government to exempt the council's share from the Major and Minor Minerals and Taxes on Motor Vehicles or coal, oil and other minerals and taxes from them. times the motor.
He called on the people from Hima, Village and government officers to work together for the development of the district as a whole.
Police have recovered drugs from the bodies of the two Manipuri girls.
You can help with food.
According to the University, the examination fee for Under Graduate (UG) students is 800/- for regular students and 500/- for repeaters.
Dance Shopkeeper, Exporter.
All these MDC candidates are present.
The 6th MLP BN has distributed 50 to the elders and 100 to the women of Umran Dairy.
Other candidates who have already been confirmed are NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang, Congress candidate Osborne Kharjana, HSPDP candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang, BJP candidate Eric Kharbuki and the TMC and Mr. Stoding.
Try a clay facial cleanser that doesn't remove impurities.
The President of JSU War Jaintia Circle, Samla Eddy Kery Pohtam, said that compared to previous years, before 2016, before the weighbridges, Central Government) and other revenue gateways of Government departments. This mining industry has been very beneficial to those who work and earn a living from it.
The four-day tournament was a memorable event for the shooters who came from different regions.
He said that the crowd that had stirred up that night, did not allow even the elders of the village to stop the incident.
Swamy, 84, has appealed to the Bombay High Court for his release on bail because he is not in good health, but the National Investigation Agency (NIA) has refused to grant him bail. Father Swamy was released on bail.
According to sources from Ladrymbai, the suspect was able to commit the crime while the woman and her friend were on their way to collect coal from Moowakhu near Dkhiah village. he carried them in his three with the number MLO4 A
Speaking on the policy on tourism in the state, Samla Khar-ir said that their team has already conducted a research on the state of tourism in Sohra and found that Only about 40% of the people stay in various hotels in the state but 60% stay in various hotels in Guwahati.
New Delhi, July 15 : 24.82 crore people have escaped poverty in the past nine years of the BJP-led NDA government. The NITI Aayog said that this is due to the measures taken by the Government to address all aspects of poverty between 2013-14 and 2022-2
The KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit has expressed its satisfaction with the Government's decision to pay the land fee and also demands that the Government should start. This year, the construction of the talasi mynder gate will be completed without delay.
According to the High Court, if there is no illegal mining, there will be no illegal mining and quarrying.
Jowai, Nailur 22: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shilliang Myntang Circle today awarded the 1st Mait Shaphrang Award Academy 2023 to the students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. for the year 2023-2
Shillong: About 20,000 Khasi residents of Assam have been excluded from the government's NRC.
The power outage in the State has now been reduced to 4 hours from 8 hours in urban areas, but the power outage has not been lifted immediately even though the water supply has improved in the production ponds. electricity these days due to continued rainfall.
Now there are many educated people, but they don't want to enter politics, because those who want to enter this field are chosen only by the wealthy.
Suddenly, while he could not answer, Rangbah Nishan B Wahlang passed away suddenly on November 23,
It also does not have adequate storage space or railings as protested in the past.
About 4000 fake certificates were seized from a hidden room at the university, the CID said. These fake certificates are for PhD subjects belonging to Gujarat players. .
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the tournament in Guwahati, Union Sports Minister Anurag Thakur said that the tournament will attract 4,544 students from all over the country. Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Sikkim, Nagaland and Tripura.
He will rule over the whole earth from the third Temple in Jerusalem for three and a half years and 30 days.
No claim shall be made without being able to explain why they have brought that claim.
The Home Minister said that the deficit has reached T.61.60 crore as on 31st October 2019, due to the reduction in petrol and diesel tax.
China on Friday, along with other countries at the United Nations General Assembly, warned that no one should interfere in the situation in Taiwan and No one should question its authority to own the island of Taiwan because the island is part of China, which was separated from China during the 19th century. left.
Syllad.com had the opportunity to talk to him by phone and he told us about his experience after recovering.
It is learned that he has not yet tested positive for COVID-19, but his death was due to a blood clot and before his death he had a blood clot.
At the same time, they also decided that from now on, the Meghalaya or Assam Police will no longer patrol the border areas but the CRPF or any other central government security force will be deployed. except for any discrimination.
The conversation between her father and mother made Lanosha happy because she understood that they were a sign of her new life.
School teachers in the villages have become Secretary Shnongs, or advisers to the Dorbar Shnongs.
According to reports, the MLAs who oppose the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma will have the opportunity to present their case before Joshi.
The polling in Sohiong constituency has been suspended due to the death of the United Democratic Party (UDP) candidate HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June, just seven days before the polling.
Shillong, Nailur 8: A UTP prisoner identified as Everlin Shadap Manner (40) has died at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong: The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIH) in Mawdiangdiang will be inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Tuesday.
Rejecting the claims that the ethnic parties including the UDP are limited to Byrnihat, Manbhalang said that the ethnic parties are not limited to the border of Meghalaya.
“According to our experience last year, we have seen that the courage to come forward and self-reflection is something that can be controlled.
Those who submitted their birth certificates were found to be newly issued certificates from the state especially from Garo Hills.
When selling these vegetables by vehicle, the sellers must also comply with the rules laid down by the government.
“Our cabinet has decided to hand over the investigation to the CBI,” Sarma said.
In another match, Mawnianglah and Rynjah drew 0-1
In Meghalaya, the target is to deliver water to every household by December
In the first leg, Mookaswan Dongwah Sports Club beat Tympang Sports Club 1-0 through a goal from Khel Shylla in the 19th minute.
The incident occurred after police raided to raid a trader who wanted to kidnap a trader who came to Dadenggre area for his trade.
The NANC has taken away the drug trafficker and the seized drugs for further investigation under the NDPS Act.
According to Dube, about 30-40 percent of the schools in the state do not have outdoor facilities.
In the match against Sreenidi Deccan Football Club, the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: For the first time in the Meghalaya State League, the results of the matches have been different and surprising.
The forward added the second goal in the 33rd minute.
Apart from the independent MDCs, the number of MDCs who have decided to join the NPP has now reached 14, NPP 10, BJP 1, GNC 3 and if the NCP wins There are 15 people in the community.
Earlier, 35,000 people came to gather on 12th October 2018 and during the rally, they received a promise from the BJP government for various demands, but the They were confused, because not one promise had been fulfilled until these days.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of KSU Umktieh Unit and KSU Mawtneng Unit congratulated the members of KSU Umktieh Unit and KSU Mawtneng Unit who have joined the KSU. to be disciplined and to avoid crime and to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong groups to curb crime especially the spread of drugs.
The four HNLC leaders are Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Publicity Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and two PSOs, Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh.
“The guy is involved not only in music but he has also been involved in still life or films," he said.
What I want to point out here is that the citizens of the state should understand that if they want to eat jhur, they should no longer rely on jhur or imported goods.
A total of 86 cases have been registered against the ILP protesters and 73 have been prosecuted.
Shillong: The SOS Children's Villages of India (SOS) has held an International Family Day on 15th June 2019 at Umiam Ribhoi District.
The displacement of Meghalayans in other states is not only this time they have faced many discrimination.
Regarding this cleanliness drive, the Dorbar informs all the residents of Nongpoh Proper, to wear masks and also to carry synsar, they are strong and strong.
The Dorbar Shnong Loomiongkjam, Jowai today distributed foodgrains to all the residents of the village.
The construction of this road has been a source of joy to many of the residents of the villages connected by this road.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the elections will be held in nine phases from 1st to 11th June, 2nd and 18th June. Phase 3- June 23, Phase 4- June, Phase 5- June 6, Phase 6- June 12 and Phase 7- June 19.
Mawlyndep SC will play against Maitshaphrang FC (Jaintia Hills) at 12.30 PM. Followed by the second match, Youngstar (Pommura) will play against Sohryngkham Youngstar at 12.30 PM. 2.30 PM. The federation invites all football fans to come and witness these matches with their own eyes.
Additional Deputy Commissioner, SS Syiemlieh, East Jaintia Hills and Extra Assistant Commissioner MA Challam, West Jaintia Hills demonstrated the implementation of these schemes through slide presentations Power Point.
“He said that the police department has tried its best to maintain peace and order and said that it was not expected that such a big incident would happen.
Guwahati: A clash between Assam and Mizoram police today broke out on the border between the two states.
The winners in other categories such as Miss Beautiful Eyes, Miss Beautiful Skin, Miss Beautiful Hair, Miss Beautiful Smile and Miss Catwalk will receive T.
Before the programme, a match was held between Umkei Sports, Cultural Club and Police Training School Umran, which was organized for the village to participate.
All of this refers to “the last days, or years that remain for mankind on earth, mentioned at Daniel 9:2
After the last conversation with Rev. Father Anselm on 21/01/2023, he did not want to clarify the article.
Nobin said that many Naga militants were selling weapons from Dimapur.
The union has raised this alarm after receiving information about the free entry and exit of foreigners especially after the government authorities have not taken action on the entry and exit of foreigners.
HSS beat St Paul's HSS 1-0
“There have been doubts among the people about the malfunctioning of the EVMs. Even in the last MLA elections, there have been incidents of EVMs breaking down,” said the working president of the UDP. u Bah Paul Lyngdoh while talking to reporters on Friday.
Jowai Police Station has taken the body of the child for further investigation and at the same time they are conducting investigation to track down the mother. enemy of this child.
Compared to Manipur, our state does not rank in this regard because the state develops athletes, they fulfill their special assignments and conducts various programs to encourage them. players and especially those who are just starting out.
HARRY INGLISH is an Assistant Political Agent in the Government of Meghalaya who is corrupt and insulting to the Khasi.
However, the students of the Seng Khasi College (Higher Secondary Section), did not give up, but they too fought hard from the bottom of their hearts until they were able to get the to score two goals and to make the team of Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School not to be stingy, but to be vigilant and thoughtful from the start to the end of the match.
Shillong: Police together with the Static Surveillance Team on Tuesday seized an unlicensed motorcycle driven by Witterson N Arengh from Dinapara, South West Garo Hills. T.1 lakh in cash was recovered from the suspect.
The aim of this campaign is to clean up Ïawmusiang which is the center and sight of Jowai.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, on Tuesday, handed over a check worth Rs 10 lakh to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund (CMRF).
The members of the Executive Committee are Prof. Donkupar Syiem, Prof. Xavier P. Mao, Dr. Pankaj Sarkar, Prof. P. Hangsing and Prof. Prasenjit Biswas.
He said that through this meeting with the CEM, he said that the leaders of the SRSRBD, have been able to inform on many important issues, including the ban on Rangbah Shnongs. They will take part in the political affairs, the manner of giving dulir from the KHADC and on the appointment of Rangbah Shnong by the Garo in the Khasi villages.
Speaking to media, Sangma said the government had sent the letter in November last year, after a meeting with the Khasi Author's Society (KAS).
Emma Corrin will play a role in the film.
Twenty-one deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 12 from West Garo Hills, 2 from West Jaintia Hills, 1 from Ri Bhoi, 1 from South Garo Hills.
When asked about the story of Dainthlen, he said that it happened before Dainthlen.
All this is just a misunderstanding.
The construction of these In-Situ Nala is to prevent the fall of waste into the Myntdu River. It flows directly into parts of the Myntdu River.
Furthermore, other advisors, such as Arkajyoti Bhattacharjee, as Assistant (Techno Commercial) and Sunny Kumar Singh as Assistant (Finance Commercial), were appointed without following the rules of procedure. fine.
This Act is known as the Meghalaya Land Transfer (Regulation) Act, 1971 or the Land Transfer Act.
He said the Government has continued to talk to the Central Government for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. kitei that language.
Through this festival, it is expected that such programs will continue in the future, so that it will be a wake-up call to the people in Ri Bhoi District or the state as a whole.
Short speeches were delivered by Bah Elevenson Wanniang, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association.
The Meghalaya High Court has ruled that women also have the right to elect Rangbah Shnong in Nohwet, Khyriem Syiemship.
He said the government wants to eradicate illiteracy in the state as at present the number of part-time dropouts under class 8 is 30 percent compared to 07 and 39 percent in the matriculation class.
“According to him, this decision he took was after reviewing the state of Khadar rule in the state during these years as a leader and Minister of the state government.
“Therefore, the nation has to clarify on the benefits of having a Sixth Schedule which is without purpose and without a stronghold,” he said.
On the other hand, Grateful Lyngkhoi and Regardful Lapasam took two wickets each in seven overs.
Police strongly suspected that these weapons were used by the two ethnic groups in fighting each other in those areas where they are in majority and they continue to use these weapons.
Dr Glenn Kharkongor, Chancellor, MLCU in his speech on the origin and explained how it is the first source of knowledge.
The HLSC has already sent its report on teacher corruption to the government since November.
Let us also look at the comments on the news, and we will see that even in the news published in Khasi, the commentators use English to make it more interesting.
She acknowledged that under the leadership of the NPP, agriculture has improved in the state from the planting of strawberries, sying, shynrang, soh and the establishment of SHGs to empower women in various fields.
This will be Murdoch's fourth marriage.
It is also an article that helps to know and understand about Syntung, its inhabitants how they live and so on.
There are also those who have conducted public opinion polls by voting on social media.
The singers include Refeline Nongrang, Comfort Maring, Fedri Maring, Affrine Nongrang, Wanpynshai Mukhim, Bakor Kharthangmaw and Novarika Syngkli.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader and party spokesperson HM Shangliang has sent his resignation letter from the party.
Superintendent of Police (SP) Raj Kumar, who visited the scene, said that efforts are ongoing to track down and arrest the suspects. Sharma told reporters that the Congress leader was rushed to a hospital after passers-by found him lying unconscious amid wounds nearby. street.
“As leaders and members of the KSU in all departments in Khasi Jaintia and outside the State, you should be humble people to take on the responsibility to protect the nation and its development and to be useful. “The KSU has been working in a fair and clean manner,” said Lambok while speaking at the inauguration of the two KSU offices in West Jaintia Hills at Madur and It's Saturday.
The covid19 pandemic is not the only pandemic that has affected mankind in the world.
Shillong: As part of its cooperation with the government to prevent the spread of covid 19, the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang has decided to temporarily close the Umkiang Market which used to be held every Tuesday and Saturday until 31st October 2020.
The meeting was also enriched by the Karbi people from Meghalaya, with the participation of young people who performed traditional songs and dances of the Karbi people, which is also their goal to preserve the Karbi people. the that riti that dustur.
He said that because there was no intention from the beginning from the UDP, PDF, HSPDP, there was no problem to bring in a government of ethnic parties but on that day because they saw the voice of the people who wanted to get the government. the government, they have drama.
In India, however, the use of Sign Language is beginning to increase with the passing of the days.
In order to curb the emergence of many illegal oil factories, the Government of West Garo Hills has enforced an order under Section-177 Cr.
Although I am not a Government Minister or a Government Employee, I see that the Government has done the best for those who have returned from abroad.
Bah Adelbert asked whether the T.46 crore has been misused or has been wasted.
Let us wait and see what will happen in the days to come, because they will come again, many who are outside the State; However, if the allocation is only 5,000 per village or centre, then it shows that it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the residents and it will be indeed, only a bribe. .
On Friday, she was admitted to Nazareth Hospital and was in the ICU until she died. They returned home in good health but it was a mistake and this has touched their hearts.
The HYC Riwar Mihngi sends its condolences to the family of Bah Bilat Khongkrom and prays that God will bless his family, said a statement from Edmund Khongngai, President HYC Riwar Mihngi.
On the same day, the Cabinet also approved the amendment to the Meghalaya Energy Consumption Standards and Appliances Regulation
These office bearers of Mukhla Pyllun were confirmed by AA Shullai who is also the TMC candidate for the MLA Election 2023 from 2-Jowai Constituency. Madonbai Rymbai, TMC leaders and supporters who came to fill the hall.
Janario Phawa scored the second goal for Wahiajer in the 56',
Lumpaia Avengers CC won the match by five wickets and Ralphy Heinrich Diengdoh was named Player of the Match.
“We have decided to withdraw from the PDF and we will send our approval to the party to withdraw from the PDF led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem after looking into the report of the House Committee,” he said. Bindo M Lanong is the head of the Sub Committee.
At the same time, the EC will appoint an Officer of the District Council as the Appellate Authority where the PIO will issue a copy if anyone requests RTI. decided to accept the Bill before sending it to the Governor for approval.
The WTO has alleged that some GHADC officials have been biased and delayed in issuing licenses to Garo women while they are quick to issue licenses to foreigners.
In this way, sohphan cultivation will help and bring real benefits to improve the income of the farmers and the state economy as a whole.
Thus, in the affix there are prefixes, suffixes and infixes and in the Khasi language it can be said that midfixes are also needed.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin said that there is no disagreement with the UDP to join the NPP, because the issues are different.
Have we ever asked who goes to these schools? Are you rich or poor? When government schools are bad, people, no matter how poor, struggle to send their children to private schools to get proper education.
The FICCI has extensive knowledge of the North East, including the state.
The reason for the incident is unknown, but when contacted, he said that there is a family reason which cannot be disclosed at present.
“It will strengthen our operations and expand our services,” said Nandan Mall, Chairman & Managing Director, Hulladek Recycling Pvt Ltd.
After the family did not receive the ration, they caused a stir until the stir reached the office of Amlarem Sub-Division.
He said that those who have experienced such fraud should lodge a complaint with the police, said a statement from Vivek Syiem, IPS.
The Committee also directed the Secretary to talk to the Chief Secretary to inform the Central Government to extend the deadline for linking Adhaar with ration card, even after 31st November
The Fashion Society Shillong (FSS) on Tuesday held a function to honor the fighters of the Hill State Movement from Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin.
Bah Let was taken to the police station for further investigation.
In the second leg, Khliehmynkrem won the title by beating Mowtyrshiah 3-1
Shillong: The teachers who have been on strike at Madan Malki for five days today asked the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, “Ko Myntri Rangbah your father is the founder of schools, but your son is removing teachers".
In the Men's Veteran (40+) category, Aiborlang Ranee and Sidhart Das defeated Wadshem Nongmalieh and George F Blah. Nongmalieh beat George F Blah 21-8 in the first set and 21-14 in the second set.
They further complained that the payment of money only to people who have connections encourages corruption within government departments, as not only does the payment of money quickly to those who have connections with government officials or ministers, but The work was also awarded to them, although they were contractors who did not have the necessary documents and skills to do the work according to the price allocated, but because of the relationship they were awarded. always without looking at their paperwork again.
“It is to be recalled that the union through the Wapung unit has sent a letter to the EE PWD Roads Khliehriat Division on 22nd November 2022 and this time the union believes that the relevant department The government has decided to repair this road to facilitate the traffic.
Besides the injuries, there was also the burning of vehicles and damage to buses parked on the main road in Ichamati.
Putin said ISIS has its own demands, but they are not clear yet, while other groups say talks have progressed with their main demands. ISIS, they want medicine, food and drink and if these needs are met, they will release the kidnapped, but if they cannot be provided, they will kill 40 people a day.
To raise awareness and encourage people who have reached the age of 18 years to register, the CEO said the Election Department has conducted a mass campaign across the country especially in the rural areas.
However, the incident continued and yesterday another man named Hawart G Momin was shot dead by the same group led by Jimmy at Rongjeng, Chibilbang. East Garo hills district.
I said they can register spot registration to get assistance from MHIS”.
Speaking to reporters at NEIGRIHMS, Eusebia said that Khrawboklang was born first and Wanboklang was born five minutes later.
“The government has deceived the people because it promised not to open but now it has gone ahead and done it slowly and we have only heard the announcement from the Minister of Taxation that the government has Three Licenses have been issued.
Shillong, March 23: A heavy traffic jam from MES to Upper Shillong today occurred from MES to 3 mer Upper Shillong, where the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah MH Kharkrang said that the traffic jam was caused by many accidents and collisions.
If everything goes.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Bah C.Syrti, said that police from Meghalaya have been sent to patrol and stop the clashes between the Karbi and Khasi.
He said this after World Bank officials visited Umkhen in Basuk, then met with the Dorbar Shnong Umpling, Mawlai Mawroh and also at Marten which is a garbage dump. around the city of Shillong.
The President of the Association, Hunlang Lytan, said that AMKA has been registered since 1987 and has been recognized by the All India Karate Federation (AIKF) in members of the Association under the leadership of Sensei Stephan Leong.
The Deputy Commissioner of South West Garo Hills, Ram Singh, on receiving information about the incident, immediately visited the affected areas on Tuesday. The inspection has sent a report to the state government to provide compensation to the affected families.
Out of those 200, there will be about 50 who are ready to pay money to the interviewers and government officials.
During the search, police recovered six Ksiar Biscuits weighing about 60 tola and worth about T.35 lakh.
The brother of the deceased soldier, who serves in the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF), while another younger brother was killed in a car accident two years ago.
The Union also congratulates the SNSBH under the leadership of Dr.W Kharshiing and Bah RL Blah for being able to lead for the welfare of the people of Hynniewtrep, although it is the first time. The first meeting was held on the 5th of November on the issues faced by the Dorbar Shnongs.
CKD is one of the diseases that has affected the health of many people and many have died temporarily and some have become paralyzed just because of this disease, said Dr. Sahariah. About 10% of the elderly die from kidney disease and millions of people worldwide die from kidney disease.
Vice President Allantry F Dkhar, Process Sawkmie, Shitlang Pale and Mayralborn Syiem.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah M Kharbuli, Farm Manager, KVK Jaintia Hills who welcomed the guest Dr Harish.
“However, as there is a concern among the residents of this area, the Prime Minister has promised that he will take action to discuss this issue,” he added.
Nginïong SC beat Phudumbah SC by 10 goals to win the title.
After the follow-up of the two parties, the issue of Scale-1 Officer vacancies in the Rural Bank has been delayed, as in Meghalaya there is only one vacancy for the post of Scale-1 Officer. Scheduled Tribes and 6 Scheduled Castes and 2 Scheduled Castes.
For the tournament, a cash prize of T.15,000 tyngka will be awarded to the winner and a cash prize of T.7,000 tyngka to the runners-up.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 64314 out of which 57450 have recovered and 1073 have died.
While Congress leaders like Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC Mawphlang five times, will now contest from the NPP against Bah Kennedy Khyriem of the Congress, while Congress leader Norbert Marboh will contest against Bah Highlander Kharmalki MDC from the NPP. Rajabala, he will fight now from the UDP, and count on those who understand, where will this lead? Not only that, the HSPDP also supports the national party.
Shillong, June 3: The AICC General Secretary for Meghalaya, Luzinho Faleiro, on Tuesday said that Vincent H Pala is the best MP in the state. Full A Branch.
Manbha Jyrwa, Vice Chairman of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), on Tuesday said that the main demand of the HNLC on the day of the peace talks will be to drop the cases. against the party and its members.
“I will create joy in Jerusalem, and joy in my people” Isaiah 65:8
Therefore, Kongthei could not follow Lanosha's lead.
“In 17-North Shillong, the BJP has not won, it is still the same, there are only 3 candidates who have applied for BJP ticket from this constituency. you are not a Martyr.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Himanta Biswas Sharma congratulated the officers and hard work of NEPA and the Director Gya Nendra Pratap Singh.
“As a leader, it is not only in me alone but also in the people and my victory is not my achievement alone but through the leaders and the people,” said Ollan. Ollan said that the victory is in their hands alone, but on the other hand, Bah Ollan does not want to put such a thing because the victory is through the people and supporters who support them from the right and left. activity.
According to Ecclesiastes, one person or one person cannot own and control all that is in life and the earth.
The union through its President sends its condolences to the families of the victims and the union expresses its gratitude to the PWD (R) Mawsynram Division, Mawsynram Police Station and the Dorbar Shnong Mawsynram for their support. They have been working hard to help in this incident especially to recover the body of the driver of the truck.
On this occasion, they discussed how to take measures to protect this beautiful water which has provided many livelihood opportunities to the people of the area.
“The discovery of these knives was during the excavation, and these items were discovered on the 9th of July, 2022,” said Arbornson.
"It's amazing that we've been able to win," said Sweden coach Peter Gerhardsson.
Perhaps others will be implemented when the 1000 believers die.
The first semi final will be between West Jaintia Police vs 12 Dolloi FT at 11 pm, while the second semi final will be between Ar Dolloi SC vs Tyllilang VFT at 1:30 pm. day.
We, the children of Hynniewtrep, shall renew ourselves by resolving to follow and live according to the teachings of our ancestors which we have received from generation to generation.
According to them, part of the income generation of the poor but the blockade of the road is another issue that causes many evils such as the snowfall. and others.
The names and constituencies of these candidates confirmed by the United Democratic Party to contest the upcoming elections are:-The candidates confirmed by the party from Jaintia Hills, East & West Jaintia Hills are: Dawan Lyngdoh MDC, from 01-Nartiang constituency 2) Ma Moonlight Pariat MDC, from 02-Jowai constituency 3) Ma Treilang J Suchiang MDC, from 03-Raliang constituency 4) Ma Nujorki Suhngoh, MLA, from 04-Mookaiaw constituency 6) Lahkmen Rymbui MLA, 07-Amlarem constituency The party has nominated candidates for Ribhoi district. 11-Umsning constituency In East Khasi Hills District, the names of the candidates are 10) Dr Osaphi Smithson Jyrwa from 13-Mawryngkneng constituency 11) Bah Mitchell Wankhar from 20-Mylliem constituency 12) Bah HDR Lyngdoh from 20-Singh constituency 13-Suhiong -Mawsynram constituency14)Bah Balajied Kupaar Synrem MLA,of 26-Shella constituency15)Bah Anthony Kongwang of 27-Pynursla constituency16)Bah Titostarwell Chyne MDC of 28-Sohra constituency The party has announced the names of 18) Bah Polestar Nongsiej from 32-Nongstoin constituency. The party has announced the names of 19) Bah Brolding Nongsiej MLA from 31-Mawthadrishan constituency. 21) Bah Pius Marweiñ, MLA&MDC from 35-Ranikor Constituency Regarding the constituencies in Shillong, the party has announced the names of three candidates namely 22) Dr Aman War , MBBS from 17-North Shillong Constituency 23) Bah Paul Lyngdoh MDC, from 18-West Shillong Constituency 24) Dr Jemino Mawthoh, from 21-Nongthymmai Constituency Mr Ludernberg Momin from 37-Kharkutta constituency 26) Mr Subrotho from Marak from 38-Mendipathar constituency 27) Mr Taposh from Marak from 39-28 Resulpara constituency )Rakman ch Marak of 40-Bajengdoba constituencyNa East Garo hill district29) Andreas G Momin na 42-Ronjeng constituencyNa west Garo hill district30)Ronald Rikman Sangma na 55-Salmanpara constituency31)Kennetson R Sangma ban Shilu constituency D23-Da The United Democratic Party (UDP) has announced the names of its candidates after postponing the announcement scheduled for 22nd November following the attack on Rajabala constituency. cases in Mukroh.
In fact, reports have already announced that Biren will meet the Governor of Manipur and submit his resignation letter.
The CEM said that in the past, the Council had not lodged a complaint against the court because this was done by the Hima Nongstoin Land Owners, Coal Traders and Producers Association (HNLOCTPA). As a group, the KHADC will now be preparing to send an affidavit to prove that the land belongs to the private sector.
Shillong, July 13: It is the second time that the residents of the border areas have been cheated by the NBCC and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
He also alleged that it was the DGP who incited the people of Tinsukia to protest.
On the part of the KSU, we would like to thank the wife of (L) Samla Sabathani Lyngdoh who came to attend and witness the opening ceremony of the Football Tournament along with his children.
It is necessary to have a separate department to provide education to the public on environment and health.
“We have asked for reports from private schools and even universities to know how much they spend on bicycles,” he said.
U Bah PT also denied that he had any intention to overthrow Bah Pynshngaiñ but said that he is a close friend of Bah Pynshngaiñ and will continue to do so until the end. It is the responsibility of the MDCs themselves but it is the responsibility of the Congress party.
On the same day, the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) will also celebrate the Meghalaya Farmer's Day.
The election of the candidates has also been a time when the people, especially those who have been neglected in their personal lives, in the villages, have begun to forget what they have experienced in the past four years. but there were also those who were angry with their own leaders who were among them who did nothing.
Four of these Khasi youths have been admitted to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
It was only a few minutes before the break that Nongriat scored the first goal.
He said that so far besides spending themselves, they have also received financial assistance from leaders including Bah Vincent H Pala, Bah Prestone Tynsong and Bah AL Hek.
Bawan Khyriem also questioned the visit of the Minister of PHE, Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar and Jemino Mawthoh for not informing the MLA of the area.
So far, 47 people have been confirmed with the disease.
“Ah! Blai Tre Kynrad, forgive us, forgive us...And to this day the Lord has helped us.
The Chief Minister said that the NPP has more MLAs compared to other parties, but all those in the synrop group have to work together.
Shillong: The State Government is ready to improve and build a four-lane road throughout the New Shillong.
Therefore, we will demolish the monuments and erect statues of the great men of Garo, Khasi and Jaintia,” said Bah Sanbor Shullai.
Other ALCs who attended the meeting were the ALC from Mukhap, Iooksi and Community Facilitators from 20 villages.
Captain FG Lister and Captain Jenkins agreed to return but due to the opposition of A Bogle, Collector of Kamrup District, the return was suspended.
He urged the youth to be responsible for such activities and also said that they should look after the villages to work together with the parents, the villages to such evils cannot be destroyed.
The wedding ceremony took place today at the residence of ND Tiwari.
“We have visited these roads today in the presence of officers from the Police Department, PWD Department and the Municipal Department. those who cause traffic jams.
The closure of illegal coal mines is an important step towards achieving the goal of protecting and preserving the environment and biodiversity,” said the statement.
Poverty among the villagers of Hynniewtrep is increasing and unemployment among the youth is increasing and many have to leave the villages to work abroad.
In the event that this Helpline Number does not work, the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA) has authorized the use of Rapid Response Calls as another option to use as other helpline numbers. There are no incidents of natural disasters in the district.
“If we base their claim that the demand for ILP in the state is because the CAA has been passed by Parliament, I don't feel comfortable because almost the entire state has been exempted from the CAA. they are right because there is political fear and pressure from the people," he said.
On the other hand, the DC urged the Waheh Chnongs and BLOs to be vigilant and prepared for the needs of the disabled as well as the elderly. The DC also urged to build ramps at the Polling Stations for those with disabilities and those with disabilities. year.
Jowai, 8 Lber: Following the incident of murder of two girls by Emvyris Dkhar alias Michel Dkhar, the Dorbar Dong Ladutnga has decided to kill two girls in the past few days. The public meeting of the Dong, which was held on the 5th of this month, in order to curb any illegal activities in the Dong, has urged all the residents to provide their documents. Election Photo Identity Card (EPIC), Residential Certificate from the Rangbah Shnong, Police Verification for Foreigners or Panchayat from the village where they live.
They were also killed by the sword and starved to 11 lakh people, more than 1 lakh were taken captive to Rome and around the world.
The HYC Raid Nongrung Circle in a statement expressed its deep sorrow and urged the government authorities to provide assistance to the affected families.
“I request the CM to say something on the wish of the opposition MLAs to send it to the Select Committee,” said Banteidor.
The Minister said that the preparations for the auction of coal are in progress, and after taking over the job they have gone to the Supreme Court to ensure that the Supreme Court will allow the auction. Shillong: Out of the 79 cases in East Khasi Hills, 24 cases including 22 high risk contacts, one SARI case and one foreign case have been confirmed. .
In the end, a person’s mindset must change otherwise, it will be very difficult to see a change.
Shillong, Naitung 09: The Chairperson of the State Commission for Women, Kong Phidalia Toi, today shocked when she announced that a police chief has threatened an officer of the Commission after a meeting. The Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment was held on the 20th of last month.
The AMDA youths also vowed to hold a strong protest in front of the secretariat gate soon, because of the government's negligence and blindness to their long-standing demands. demanded that the AMDA should be immediately recognized through the Arts and Culture Department of the Government.
He said that the LCS will not be able to accommodate 56,000MT per day, which is shiphew percent more than the current capacity. In order to ensure the smooth running of the export of goods to Bangladesh, from this port.
In my village in Umniuh Tmar, the plate of ja is called “u saraw ja”.
At the same time, Bah Pynïaid said that when you take over the leadership of the council, you have to work hard physically and mentally.
After that, he joined Minerva Academy Football Club and this time he has joined Bengaluru United in the 2nd Division I-League. Twice in a row in the 2020-21 and 2021-22 seasons.
All this is because of the rampant corruption and misuse of power,” she said.
He said that due to foresight, the Central Government and the States have increased the allocation of funds in the areas related to disaster risk reduction and disaster relief.
It was also noted that the JHADC in 2014 through a letter dated 30th May, 2014, No: JHADC/POL/9/2014 has issued an order to remove the Waheh Shnong from the post of another Waheh Shnong. u Khar Nepali in Umthe, Sutnga District who has appointed himself as Waheh Shnong.
Bah Bring, Bah Hopingstone and other leaders as well.
EOM.:The new Khasi song, titled “Nga kmen bad phi”, was released on the 1st of July and featured the participation of the Khasi singer, Sharon. Nongrum and the tyngshop, Donpass Sawkmie.
Stories and misconceptions about blood donation are one of the areas that have affected donation in Meghalaya.
Chyne said that from now on, the chess will be conducted from time to time, not only for those who sit in the market, but also for those who are in the shops. , who do not have proper documentation.
Shillong, June 20 : The Khasi League Basketball Tournament 2023 has been announced on Tuesday.
(Prov 3:5) As children of God we are in the midst of despair in these times when the disease we know now is spreading, but I would like to remind you that if we call upon God, God will hear them, I and you, in the Gospel of Matthew 11:28 says.
He said it is not yet possible for him to say whether the DTO who has been arrested will be suspended.
Now, he doesn't let go of Marina either, where they call each other every day and Marina will be coming to India soon.
If only 50,000 come to live in the Normal Shillong Area, what will happen to our people,” said Roykupar.
Dr Manas said that the AITC has already set up State Committees and District Committees in all 12 Districts and these Committees have already opened the party office in the State. .
Speaking to media, Elianby Tynsong, Joint Secretary of TMC Nongpoh Block, said that the purpose of this meeting is to They expressed their intention as employees of the TMC that since they have already submitted their resignation letter and from today they have nothing to do with the TMC. The TMC party also said that the TMC has awarded the ticket to Bah Longsing Bey without any consultation with them as leading employees. “It's been without any knowledge from the office bearers of Nongpoh Block and this has put us in darkness,” said Elianby.
Bah Ardent, as a man who has received the love of the people, does not want to rejoice in this victory alone.
Most of the weeds grow together in the field or garden, once the rice, wheat or jhur has been planted, and these wild weeds are the weeds that grow together to destroy the plant. country is well cared for.
When asked by the writer whether he understood the ritual, he said, “How can I understand, I am a Christian and I don't understand Hinduism”.
Police said the Congress office was set on fire at 7.30 pm today.
Shillong: The Government of India has appointed the Governor of Nagaland, RN Ravi, as the new Governor of Meghalaya.
“The Planning, Finance, Personnel and other departments will have to examine this issue from all sides.
how to sing a khasi song.
¢Do not connect electrical bulbs, MCBs, switches or work without turning off the electrical power supply.
New Delhi: Former Indian External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj, who was also a senior leader of the BJP, passed away on Tuesday night.
Besides these talents, he said that since childhood he loved to sing so he learned to play the guitar, piano and drum. “I used to compose songs in Garo language,” said the champion. tell that they are patriotic and religious songs.
There are also those who have handed over their documents to the government because they don't feel useful when they don't get jobs.
They think it is foolish to accept that.
He also informed the public that they should inform the district authorities if they find anyone violating the Act.
The Frenchman suffered the injury after coming off a knee injury against Fulham on Sunday; which will be the last match of the entire club in the current EPL season.
The committee also found that the X-ray machine at Shillong Civil Hospital is no longer working because the government cannot afford to purchase a UPS worth T.15-16 lakh.
Director of CIET, NCERT, Prof. FG Dkhar Principal of NERIE and other intellectuals, researchers, teachers from all over the country.
The SC has decided to amend the NRC and to review the NRC once again by directing the office of the Registrar of Citizens of India as well as the Government of India and the Government of Assam to ensure that those who are entitled to citizenship can register on this list.
How can we employ foreigners? We don't have enough jobs ourselves,” she said. “Will Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan give us land?”
Heibormi and Rahul, along with four friends, will visit Assam on July 5,
The State Coordination Committee (Coal Miners and Dealers Forum) has demanded that the state government should return the money it has taken from the coal traders. NGT has given 45 days to the state government to respond to the charges against the coal traders, said a statement sent by Ma Balious Swer, President of Jaintia Hills. Coal Miners and Dealers Association.
Members of the union led by Assistant Education Secretary Bonny Jyrwa and General Secretary Shane Nongrum arrested the foreigner behind the MUDA parking lot at Khyndai Lad.
Hugo has served as captain of the French national team for many years and in many World Cups.
Then 15 Boro-Kachari, 16-Koch and 17-Rava, Rabha of the Scheduled Tribes (Plains) of Assam were added as the Scheduled Tribes of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the Seng Khasi Pdenglum strongly condemns the people who dared to break the foundation stone for the construction of the crematorium of the Seng Khasi Mylliem on 24th November
In their journeys, when they meet the sick, or the disabled, not only do they look with a compassionate eye, but their spirit and generosity speaks and truly shows it. knowledge of God and that they do these works for the glory of God.
The total number of cases has risen to 11,92,915 and 4,11,133 people are undergoing treatment.
Along with the AIR channels, it was broadcast on Doordarshan throughout its channel.
“Every vote is very important and I call on the workers to work hard,” he said.
In 2018, the festival will be held in honor of those singers who have passed away.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The government's plan to implement the MAA program on the 27th tomorrow has been postponed after the resignation of the Minister of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek.
If they operate as a society, we don't have any problems but what is needed is that they have to inform the Dorbar Shnong what they have to do.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government is asking government departments to submit a report on the damage caused to villages by Cyclone 'Amphan' within the state.
She said that the demand for the recognition of the Garo language under Article 5 of the Constitution of India is long overdue.
“In protest against the bill, I have decided to leave the party within six months, if it is passed in the Rajya Sabha, if the bill does not consider the welfare of Meghalaya and the North East. “At the recent meeting, there were 10,000 members who joined the party, who decided to leave, if the bill can be repealed from the party. “It's the border of Meghalaya,” said Sanbor Shullai.
The union for the benefit of all and especially to force the government to do something to clean up this road as promised by the PWD, during the meeting with the leaders of the union. It has been decided to ban all heavy vehicles carrying coal on the Rajaju to Nongjri road from 1st November 2013 (Tuesday) until the government repairs and This road from Rajajau to Nongjri has been cleaned.
Devension Lyngdoh of Rangmaw Sports Club scored 45 runs for 4 wickets and won the title of Player of the Tournament. He scored 238 runs and took 19 wickets in all the matches.
before the world.
For loan applications, bank account openings and others, you need to have a land title and land titles to prove your permanent residence in the area.
There are factories that don't pay because they don't pay the price of electricity, which we are still talking to the commission about. “They have not paid for the electricity supply which they have already used before. Some of them have lodged a complaint with the National Company Law Tribunal (NCLT),” he said.
In fact, the people have understood why the political parties are protesting because it is through the Congress government which has organized the political parties by wasting time by setting up a committee and now it wants to organize by forming a committee. The Tenancy Act has been introduced and this has forced the Sengbhalang to protest.
Leimoo Unit Officers: President – ​​Jevelin Shadap Manner Vice president – ​​Jopmi Lyngdoh General Secretary – Livingstone Khlem Assistant General Secretary – Leaderious Lyngdoh Education Secretary – Da i monmi Suiam Assistant Education secretary – Rishanroy Lyngdoh Wan Publicity Secretary As Publicity Secretary – Rikit Suchiang Organizing Secretary – Iamondabiang Shadap Assistant Organizing Secretary – Leikirang Papang Sport secretary – Pyniarmi Sutnga Assistant Sport Secretary – Hamei Shadap Office secretary – Riki Suiam Assistant Office Secretary – Heibok Marang Lem and 11 members.
In Group-C, Kynton U Mon, Challenger FT Academy, Mawreng SC, Pay For Right Ft.
On the other hand, Bah Embhahlang Syieimlieh, as a special guest, said that the standard of play has improved and he hopes that they will rise to another level.
Speaking to reporters, Rowell said the committee has received the suggestions from the people and will submit its report to the government on the amendment of the Tenants Verification Draft Bill. called the Meghalaya Regulation and Verification of Households Bills.
It is learned that some of the youths of the village, who tried to talk to the shooters, were threatened and thus, the youths who were standing on the road, had to listen to themselves, because they were also persons with firearms.
Shillong: The United Progressive Front (UPF) which has four PDF MLAs, one NCP and one independent MLA Lambor Malngiang has increased its membership to seven after the lone KHNAM MLA Adelbert. Nongrum, joined the group today.
This village falls under the constituency of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The women's team of VJyothi Surekha, Aditi Swami and Avneet Kaur received a bye in the first leg, but lost 228-231 in Chinese Taipei.
Khaplang was born in June 1940 in Waktham village, east of Myanmar's Pangsau Pass, a distance of 1,763 kilometers from Stilwell Road to Ledo, Assam. sha Kunming, China.
“At that time when the demand for the ILP was strong, we held various meetings to explain in detail and the demand for the implementation of the ILP should curb the smuggling of bars. state to state," he said.
Bah Pala admitted that he had information that they would leave and he also talked to Bah Lapang on this issue that nothing should be done and not to wait until they leave lest it get worse.
In a letter released today, the world's millionaires, who have formed a group called “Millionaires for Humanity”, or millionaires to help people, have advised governments. in the world, to collect from them a heavy tax, in which they say "immediately, substantially, permanently"
On the other hand, the Seng warns that in the future, if it receives the same complaints from the public, it will not stand idly by, but the Seng will take strong action against any or all of the employees of the Publicity and Information Secretary H.Bhoi, said in a statement.
He said he relies on the leadership of the CEM of KHADC on this issue.
It happened, because we didn't walk.
“Ka Seng puts forward the security of the jaidbynriew and in our understanding if the railway line comes it will make it easier for the foreigners to invade the Bri u Hynniewtrep if we don't have adequate security laws. , like the ILP,” said the President of the HYC, Presios Pale.
The next hearing of the case will be held on Friday, the 4th.
“The SPs in all Districts of the State shall be on notice that if illegal coal is found in the State coming out or passing through their premises, they shall be prosecuted for contempt of court,” he said. understood.
Marak had taken up residence in the house of a woman who is the sister of Dikrak R Marak who was arrested for providing shelter to the insurgents.
He said that if the package of these places is included in the textbooks, it will not be easy for others who are not from this area to have a sense of sympathy with this area. place this," he said.
At the same time, he announced that this time through the discussions with the leaders of the Meghalaya State Olympics Association, this year the youth of the state have done better and hopefully this will also improve from the from time to time and more talented youth in this field can be promoted.
“We have not received a confirmation whether he will come or not and according to our understanding, he (Rahul) may not come anymore because he is too busy,” said a source close to the Congress party in the state. .
And he that sent me is true" John 7:2
On the allegation of drug trafficking in this area, he said, “All sides in this area have good security by the police as you have seen and these allegations are only to defame people. stay in this place".
Peshawar is the seventh largest city in Pakistan.
Shillong: U Sambit Patra, one of the BJP leaders, on Twitter this evening, said that the BJP will support the NPP from all the constituencies in Shillong and Tura and therefore, will not nominated candidates to contest these Lok Sabha seats.
Speaking on the cultivation of soh ki pai, the Director said that Soh Niamtra Khasi Mandarim is produced in the District, is clean and tasty and has received recognition.
After checking the documents, the name of the owner of the vehicle and the address varies according to what appears on the e-challan App.
He said the reason why he came forward to contest the election is because he wants to bring about change in the constituency which has many shortcomings especially in terms of the problems faced by the students.
The Lama of the Country shall not be misused by anyone in any way.
Jaintiapur is only 12 km from Nongtalang; When he was called, he went down to meet the king at Jaintiapur; It is said that while he was walking on the road, a khla came out and grabbed him but he easily caught the khla and took him to the king.
In a telephone interview from Phulbari, Mominin said, “I have seen the working methods of the Government led by Mamta Bannerjee and I have also seen how the people, especially the poor and marginalized and they received great help.
The Waheh Shnong of Khatkasla, Bah Nangeibormi Lamare in his speech, said that the village has already submitted a petition to the Superintendent of Fisheries Department to maintain the Myntang River from Khad Ripiang to Thwai Jri as part of the project. to protect the righteous.
(ix) To maintain, improve and enhance, and enhance the khadar administration of the Dorbar Shnongs which are the foundation and source of income for the society and the welfare.
Shillong: A section of the Shillong Dawki Highway, above the Rngain Bridge, has started to become dangerous again today, due to the continuous landslide, due to the heavy rainfall. give birth.
This strategy is to breed more cows for slaughter.
Has the Presbyterian Church stopped this hatred?"
He said that according to the RTI reply, the Department of School Education and Literacy of the Ministry of Education has also informed that the funds released to Meghalaya to support in the payment of salaries to Elementary School teachers is T.20302.22 lakh for the year 2021-2
", he said.
Shillong, March 9: The MPUF-EJHD, one of the political parties that looks after the welfare of the people of the area, today, together with the Central Governing Body, visited the area. Implementation of the drinking water supply project for four villages in Rymbai.
The child was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong where he is undergoing treatment in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU).
“Who is that?” asked Maheh. “I...” Lydia's father's voice answered. Because of his differences, he refused to open the door and went to talk to his mother and Pyrsa.
The review meeting was held at the Conference Hall of DC Nongpoh.
