These books will be distributed to government schools in Ri Bhoi District.
There have been 84 new cases in Assam today.
We no longer see the destruction of nature which is like a mother nursing her children.
“The Word of God in Luke chapters 12, 13, 14 says that we should help the poor to regain their happiness,” she said.
The construction of the building was constructed at a cost of Rs 151.33 crore with the assistance of Rs 136.20 crore from the Central Non-Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) (released by M/O DoNER, Govt.
secretary R Basaiawmoit and others.
He also urged the members to take an active part in the implementation of the projects supported by the government to encourage them to become entrepreneurs.
Imphal: Three new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Manipur last night.
The three robbers were found at Teteng Aja, Tura district and at that time, they were trying to steal a Hyundai Creta, number ML E 5477; However, when they could not paint the vehicle, they tried to burn it and the vehicle burnt down when the seats and lights caught fire.
?" Riia asked. "There are days when you don't have time to work until nine o'clock..." Bahnah replied. Riia added. “What do you mean? Riia feels like you have something to say...” Bahnah asked and laughed. “Yes, I want you to leave soon. to go shopping with me..." Riia said, "Where...?" Bahnah asked, “To the Police Bazar for household items...” Riia said, “I'll tell you, I'll let you go...” Bahnah replied, “I'm sorry for you to let me go...” Riia said. “Yes, you don't once... There are times when I need to leave, sometimes the owner doesn't say anything because I give a faithful service...” Bahnah said, “To ih ngan sa ong kata. "It's right," said Riia. She stood up quickly and went to pay the bill in front of him.
It is a very challenging job.
Meanwhile, Jaismine had to fight against the 2022 World Championships bronze medalist Parveen in the lightweight category and defeated her 6-1
“In fact, the Departmental Examination for IPS Officers used to be conducted by the UPSC for promotion, but now it will be conducted by the MPSC here in the State,” said Marcuise.
Shillong, July 02 : The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Girls Higher Secondary School on July 1 has resumed classes for the students who have been homeless for more than 10 months due to the collapse of the school building. fire that occurred on January 21, 2023.
The death toll has risen to 1,600 on both sides after three days of fighting. Hamas militants to the northern parts of Israel.
On this occasion, the State Government's Attorney General, Ranjan Mukherjee, approved the suspension of the coal mine, which should provide revenue to the State Government through taxes and others. If allowed to be exported, from these parks, which are located in different parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
S.Pakyntein as Secretary Agriculture, Bah Mewan P Priat, Head of the Village Finance Plan, Bah Kupar Blah Block 1, Bah Hercules Matlai as Secretary Block II, Bah Other members of the Dorbar Shnong are RBlah, Paila Khongmen, Teilang Nongkhlaw, Lenmio Bareh, Teilang Shullai, Synrangmaw Kharsyntiew, Block IV. Moses Bareh, Anthony Lyngdoh, Avanylla M. Massar, Carolyne Khriem, Wankyntu Pyrbot, Wanisaka Dkhar, Rossana Janong and Amelia Rymbai.
Faleiro said Purno's only achievement was to change parties from one party to another for his own sake.
Any consumer with a connection of more than 100 KW can access electricity generated from renewable sources from these power stations.
At present, the SSA teachers have been living without salary from June to July due to the fact that the Finance Department of the State Government has not released the remaining money from the T .104.36 crore which is the balance amount that the State Government has to spend from itself to pay the salaries of SSA teachers according to the Capping Norms of the SSA. “For three months, SSA teachers have gone to school to teach without salary.
Whom then shall I blame ? the slap or the man? Minister in charge of Roads, what are you doing to improve the roads and paths in the villages? For example, the Shillong-Jowai road, which has been paved by the State Court, has been passed by the State Court.
In the sub-junior cadet boys – 37kg, Bashanskhemkupar Nongkhlaw won the silver medal, Wanpynkhraw Marboh won the bronze medal and Nakishwa Marboh won the bronze medal.
He said that if the government wants, it can convene the Cabinet every day because by now the government should have prepared all the documents and accounts as promised by the Symbud Myntri. Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Board of Directors.
To them, it means that Jesus came in the flesh through the Jewish nation of Israel, but they did not accept him.
Acharya has met prominent non-Congress leaders of the region in the city and leaders of other parties to join the NDA headquarters in the 2014 elections to defeat the NDA. to Congress.
He said that the meeting also decided to start the repair of the National Highway-6 from Jowai-Lumshnong to Ratacherra and it is expected that the repair of the road will start. from next month.
Before leaving, he pointed fingers at the chief executive officer, Bah Ernest Mawrie, accusing him of not doing anything to strengthen the BJP in Meghalaya.
Todi was welcomed by officers and employees of the Legal Department in the presence of GS Massar, Senior Advocate, WHD Syngkon Addl.Advocate General and LM Sangma, Special Secretary of the Department. State law.
The Minister's statement came 10 days after the teachers of 22 colleges under the umbrella of the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) decided not to withdraw from the Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM). ) against the refusal of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU VC to cancel the Notification issued on 12th November, 2023, urging the Colleges recognized by the NEHU should implement the NEP immediately from the Academic Year
Besides this Community Hall, Ma Shadap also donated 200 seats under his MDC scheme.
The Supreme Court also refused to allow school children to enter schools on the grounds that they do not have Aadhar.
He also served as Joint Secretary of the World Bank Parliamentarians Network.
Until now, they said that there has been no discussion on the post of President but the discussion has been on the post of General Secretary. Dr. Donkupar Roy has been the President of the UDP for more than 40 years and there has been no criticism against him. Allan F Dkhar has been the General Secretary of the UDP for about three years now. Shillong, Jymmang 11: Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, Professor of NEHU, Shillong, has been appointed as the new GS. The Hima Mylliem has convened its Executive Dorbar to consider for the General Assembly of the Hima.
Welcome speech was delivered by Bah Twinklestar Kharbteng, Vice President and Bah Remy Nelson Kharbteng.
She said that it was not until the matric results were announced that she knew that her daughter had passed well.
He said the Union has sent a letter to the government including the Prime Minister and Chief Secretary to appoint Kong Nikhla first.
He said the delegation will leave for Delhi to meet the Home Minister of India to demand an inquiry by the central government agencies into the incident. Assam to discuss the incident.
Nongrim Hills scored two more goals in the second half and Bishar Mawthoh scored the second goal in the first half. in the 52nd minute and Jeffry Surong in the 75th minute while the Board President XI could not score a single goal until the end of the match.
“While we are waiting for the draft from the government for consideration, we have decided to convey to the government that we strongly oppose this move,” said the CEM. They have already expressed at the meeting that they are deeply concerned that it will affect the powers of the Council.
Then there is a Rangbah Iing who shall look after those who are still related to the same kpoh or Iing within the kur.
Redcy Kharmalki, Retired Staff Nurse, Civil Hospital Jowai, has passed away. haka on 12 May 2022.
As mentioned above, here in Maw-Wanpnan, there is a synrang called Synrang Bah.
We don't need traders or businesses in the Khadar system because they can sell their land and other assets at a high price.
Shillong, July 27: St. Anthony Higher Secondary School, Shillong FC has won the first match of the tournament. HYC Mawlai Umjaiut Unit beat OM Roy HSS 2-1 in the final of the Mawlai Inter School Football Knock Out Tournament 2022 organized by HYC Mawlai Umjaiut Unit at the Mini Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri today. the day of God.
Sixthly, in income, employment and income generation we must stand firm on the principle that economic development should be inclusive and inclusive, there should be no discrimination.
It is learned that at the time, while the players were drinking champagne, they fled the scene.
On the other hand, Bah Pyndap Muksor said that if there are students who want to be trained in the field of security, they can start applying for the seventh batch.
Regarding the incident, the state police said that they have already registered a case against the suspects and have launched an investigation against them.
During this distribution, the Church has prohibited the use of shondur or ring video of those who come to receive the food.
Those who wish to register their names and other requirements can go to the polling stations to be brought by personnel from the office of the DC election.
The VPP has allowed the elders to send a letter of request to become candidates for the MDC election to assess the performance of the candidate and the people.
"Deisy said, 'Oh, that's right...!" Bahnah was surprised. "Oh, I'm sorry you're sitting with Riia and Linda's family here at home.
On the other hand, he said that the party will also ensure that for the jobs available there, the youth from Sohra area should be allowed first according to their ability and not just imported from abroad. .
In Bermuda Beach Model -5.4 ft (above) 1st Akash Choudry – Power house Gym, 2nd Vivian Oswin Pajuh – fitness first gym, 3rd Raja Langstang – J.S.Fitness gym, 4th Pyndapbor Khyriem – Body zoo first gym, 5th fitness Rohit Barua gym, 6th Lalremmawia Sangma – elite gym.
Khalsa Warriors Cricket Club (KCCC) have won the First Division Shillong Cricket League (SHCC) on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
The Deputy Inspector General of Police of Assam has been directed to submit the report on or before the 20th of this month after the Commission found that there were shortcomings in the affidavit.
At this meeting, Bah Lyngdoh outlined the achievements of the government led by Narendra Modi within six months.
The Indian MIG 21 crashed during a clash with Pakistani bombers while approaching the Indian border at 11.37 am this morning. .
With this victory, Langsning have 15 points while Bengaluru FC Reserves and TRAU FC have 14 points each with two games left.
It was in the breaker that Umdapdumu beat Pahamsohbar 6-5 goals to win the title.
One of the areas most affected by the shortage of Aadhaar enrollees is the distribution of food to children or the Supplementary Nutrition Program (SNP) distributed in Anganwadi homes.
The Commission said that the training center should be moved to the Video Conferencing Room as it is found to be too large.
On the other hand, Bah Marbud Dkhar said that the government's request for three months to complete the investigation and then be able to punish the people involved in this case is unacceptable because three months. month for a shooting that lasted just three minutes.
We the people should take action on issues related to the development of the state.
“How to clean:— In a bowl add 10 drops of castor oil, add the soy sauce from half the soy sauce and clean well.
Claim.
Besides the VPP, the HSPDP and UDP have also put the Reservation Policy as an election issue and said that this should be looked into.
Four Australian players, who have scored the goal to extend the team's winning record for the sixth time, have appeared in the 1st XI. Alyssa Healy scored 189 runs in 47.25, Ashleigh Gardner 110 runs in 36.66, Darcie Brown with nine wickets in 15.00 and Megan Schutt with 10 wickets. at 12.50.
“This letter was sent via WhatsApp in the name of ULFA leader Nayan Asom.
In a statement, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs urged that those from the city and surrounding areas should attend only 10 members from each Dorbar while the smaller Dorbars are requested to attend as many as possible.
The death of these children is unexpected and unthinkable because it was only due to the chase of this person while they were going to visit the school. bell your house.
Kickstart FCC Rhinos have won all four matches against Unified Gorkha Gators, while Langsning Greenergy Lions have beaten Mawkhar Roosters in all matches.
At the two-day meeting, which was attended by at least 300 farmers from Khasi and Jaintia Hills, Conrad said the Commission will create the mechanisms to find a solution to the problems of the farmers.
According to the situation, the party has witnessed that all the Khasi understand the danger of passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill
The meeting was also attended by the Secretary of Shkenpyrsit Village, Smenlang Kyndait, other members of the village, teachers of schools in the village and staff of SURE. Remember that people spend money on medicines, but if they eat healthy food, it will protect them from many diseases.
As if to say; The damage to the Dwar Ksuid Bridge or the damage at ISBT Mawiong or the damage to parts of the road adjacent to the Mawlai Bye Pass Bridge (not even a drain) and now the collapse of the Dome in the house The Legislative Assembly which is still in operation is a clear sign that not only the contractors are not skilled to carry out the works, but even the engineers do not take care of their duties, or turn away when they see their shortcomings and only their knowledge will judge them for their stinginess.
Meghalaya beat Maharashtra by 623/4 by 27/2
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Government of Meghalaya has announced the opening of a new Civil Sub Division at Pynursla, East Khasi Hills District. Joint Secretary, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
Your victory has lifted up the heritage of India and empowered them,” Modi said.
“This is just an allegation just to mislead me,” he said, adding that other expenditures were from other agencies of the health department.
When the SP News Agency visited the area, it was found that the deterioration of the road from Nongstoin to Rambrai is excessive and the people who travel to and from the area have suffered a lot.
For the Tura seat, the candidates include incumbent Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak, former MLAs Winnerson D Sangma and KC Boro, former Boston MDC Ria Sangma. and Thomas Marak.
MEGHALAYAThe Union Railway Department in India, which wants to stop operating trains that emit carbon dioxide, pollute and pollute the environment, has now started to operate electric trains in the North East of India.
The second phase of the 2024-25 Talent Identification and Elite Pathway Programs 2024-25 was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Guest. He is the owner of the North East United FC (NEUFC).
At present, Mawpat will operate from a temporary house in Mawpat until it gets its own house, where the land has been donated by the village.
The whole purpose of this fundraising is to enrich the officials who have ties to the central government and not for the people of the country especially the poor, he said.
“Regarding Langpih, it is difficult but we will find a way to resolve it. The Nepalis living in these villages still don't want to be in Meghalaya and want to go to Assam. “It is divided between the villages inhabited by Garo and Khasi,” he said.
Police said the video is old and has been released again.
Jeffrey Litting scored 51 runs off 35 balls.
For this reason, the Hindus of India will give refuge to their fellow Hindus from Bangladesh, but they will reject and treat the Bangladeshi Muslims from Bangladesh as enemies.
“Meghalaya is not the right of anyone and the schemes proposed by the state government should also go through the state government,” said Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs. State.
He said that the government has already done what is necessary and this new fare is also an initiative of the government after 18 years to revise the fare.
The police officer raped the children three times inside the police station after arresting and detaining the three girls.
Speaking on the change in the style of acting, Asha and Tanuja said that even if they are married and have children, the opportunity is still open for them. in Bollywood but in the past few years, the actress has just got married and has lost her job in the film industry.
All the required documents will be obtained from the Chairman, Executive of the Raid Nongshken, Bah Cantrust Dkhar, at the price fixed by the Raid Dorbar.
The democracy they proclaim is in stark contrast to the work they do.
“Bah Rymbai has a strong sense of humor and character.
Furthermore, teams or colleges who wish to participate in this tournament can send their information to the Sports Department of NEHU on or before 14th July,
Baroh has lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station.
Nongpoh: An Auto Rickshaw driver, Dhiren Chandra Barman, who was driving an Auto Rickshaw (ML-10C-6897), has died after being hit by a truck. The rickshaw he was driving collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.
Urging the employees of the education department, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, said that the government has received information that there are teachers who have not taken care of their duties and that is that they give inheritance to other people to teach instead of these teachers, who have been appointed by the government.
He said the contest is now between the Congress and the BJP because the BJP has already formed alliances with small parties like the NPP, UDP, HSPDP, PDF and clearly it is only the Congress. The meeting was conducted by Bah Lamborsing Nongrum, Working President, NBCC, in the presence of Bah SG Khongiong, General Secretary, EKHDCC, and other office bearers of Nongkrem BCC. was confirmed before the leaders of the Congress Party.
Before 2018, that is, since 2008, the MBOSE has divided the questions into History, Civics and other subjects. Social Sciences I and Geography and Economics II will write their own subjects.
Shillong: Leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) from Meghalaya together with the Member of Parliament today held a protest in front of Parliament in New Delhi.
To introduce a special law that applies only to one ethnic group is wrong in India,” she said.
In the 100 meter race, Jerimaiah from PFR came first, Johnkupar and Stambor from Mylliem block came second and third.
According to a source, the incident happened on the 11th of this month at 6:30 PM, at one of the villages in Myriaw West Khasi Hills District.
On the same day, the Minister also laid the foundation stone for the upgradation of Namdong PHC to CHC, the Greater Mukhnang Lumrot Water Supply Scheme worth T.46.12.26.350/- under the JJM, the tender for the Jowai Nartiang Kdiap Khanduli Road (JNKK) which will be called in November this year for the construction of 59.955 km under the NDB 2000-2 40 crore and two ambulance vehicles were also distributed at the meeting held at Madan Sari Namdong-B. The MLA said that it is through his vision and hard work that he has been able to achieve these development works for the people of the constituency.
Two of the militants, on receiving information that they were going to be attacked, collapsed and two of them died by mistakenly detonating an IED bomb which they had planted earlier to attack the Indian troops. .
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said, “What we have decided in the MoU we cannot go beyond the Map.
He said that the production of the film Khyndai Lad also has a story behind it, but this does not focus on anyone, but also brings about the reality of Khyndai Lad which people live every day and every day. you night.
Earlier, Bah Paul said that as soon as the election approaches, many people come to claim that they have many followers and supporters.
He said that once the Governor signs this Act, the youth organizations, women's organizations will have a role to play in collaboration with the village to look after the welfare of the village and especially in these days when there are many evil is not good.
The Manager of Khliehriat Branch said that the ATM machines have arrived and are still on the way.
The Sengbhalang and Rangbah Shnongs have urged the people and other Rangbah Shnongs and Sengbhalang to join hands in order to stop this plan of the JHADC at this stage.
“We have done well so far and we are starting in a good way so I would like to congratulate everyone who has worked hard.
She said that students have their own skills, as Khasi teachers and teachers of other subjects should recognize that characteristic of the students.
September 5 is also the birthday of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the first Vice President and later the second President of India.
Shillong: Two people who have been infected with covid-19 (COVID-19) have fled their quarantine facilities to be together.
Even though he is 70 years old, he has not decided to stop acting and decided to continue as long as his body allows him to do so.
Pranab Mukherjee is 84 years old.
According to a survey released in the past few days, 886 readers of Rupang.com, 85 percent, are willing to be tested, while 86 are unwilling or 8 percent. There are 73 votes or 7 percent of the vote.
On all these issues, the JSM will not allow this company to take over and if it feels necessary to do so, it should first know the laws and customs of our tribal people. ) those who have such a schedule as JHADC has the authority to own land and mineral resources and also the officers of JHADC cannot be self-sufficient for personal gain.
Thomas said that they have already visited many villages of the constituency as the candidate of KHNAM, but the turmoil in the party will put the people in confusion.
We live like blind and blind because this age is moving too fast and many of us are busy looking at mobile phones.
He said the DC and other officers have been called to come and explain to the village when such incidents occur.
Finally, the union urges the Minister to take action to expedite the process.
In this part of the T20Is rankings, India's best batsman Suryakumar Yadav once again holds the top spot.
JAC Publicity Secretary Jersom Shylla said that the price of new dewbilat and clinker has not been fixed till today.
Mairang, July 24: The National People's Party (NPP), although it is the largest party in Meghalaya, has contested only 58 out of 60 constituencies in the state.
This will also deface our customs and traditions and especially, it will defame this beloved country which was liberated by the bloodshed of our ancestors.
However, although the children have been caught by the police, the head of CMI University, Chancellor CM Jha, has not been arrested yet.
He warned the MLAs who used to talk about setting up their own jobs and not waiting for government jobs because what jobs will be set up if the contract jobs are monopolized by private companies of politicians.
However, KHNAM insisted that their protest is peaceful and they will not cause any trouble.
Shillong, Lber 15 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAD) is now preparing to introduce the Khasi Inheritance of Property Bill in the House. to all the Khasi children, both men and women.
Marak (40) of Dopagram, Baghmara, SGH, Gamchu R.Sangma (20) of Siju, SGH, Kebin Ch.
The reason is that Satan is afraid to look and remember the blood of Jesus, the wonderful blood that is powerful from now on and forever, the flow of life, Amen!.
Shillong, June 21: Out of the 29 MDCs of KHADC, 22 will contest the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, November 20: With only 10 days left to the end of 2015, the year 2015 has claimed the lives of many people in the state. compare the deaths of the chiefs in other years, counting only one year.
He said that the youths who deserve their rights , stand up to demand their rights by being threatened because they know and find that there are many departments of the government which They have passed the DSC examination but have not been appointed.
etc.
Regarding the disease of Khasi chickens, the cause of the disease has not yet been identified.
The prize money on the 12th will be 30,000 tyngka for the winners and 10,000 tyngka for the runners up. The entrance fee on this day will be 1000 tyngka.
Shillong, Lber 7: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Friday cut off the electricity supply to illegal residents in Maxwelton Estate following a complaint by the KSU Laban Circle. The KSU has complained that the illegal residents of Maxwelton Estate have stolen the electricity supply and demanded that the electricity supply should be cut off immediately.
Shillong: Shillong: The meeting convened by the State Government today to discuss the settlement of the border between the two states Meghalaya and Assam, on the part of the Sengbhalang, are in darkness as the state government has not yet submitted the report it has already prepared on this issue.
When inquired from the taxi drivers who used to park at this place to transport passengers to Upper Shillong, they said that it would be better to remove the petrol pump as the traffic jam at this place is very high. intense because it has five lanes, that cars come and go.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that the Government has already passed a resolution to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. talk to various groups to ensure that our languages ​​develop in various ways".
The Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Bah Gideon Kharkongor, congratulated the girls for their good performance in the friendly match against the Academy Boys of Lawsohtun Cricket Training Centre.
Aatmanirbhar India as envisaged by Prime Minister Narendra Modi will not be a reality without the North East and therefore all states should prepare themselves for this.
Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency is one of the constituencies which still needs roads as it borders with Assam.
Therefore, as it is now, this is the case.
The South Korean military also said that North Korea had launched another missile attack on parts of the Sea of ​​Japan on the same day.
There were four categories, rookie, open, SUV, and women's category. All four categories were won by the drivers of the State, two from Garo Hills and two from Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
This is also one of the signs of knowledge growth that scientists have found whose mechanism is similar to that of that
These candidates will start campaigning in their villages from today according to the rules and regulations of the Election Commission, by not violating the Model Code of Conduct.
The reform will be in four parts: implementation of ration card across the country (One country: One ration card), facilitation of self-employment, strengthening of electricity distribution and ability to urban local body (Urban Local Body).
Their contribution made this tree planting program special in which various trees were planted around the grounds of IIM Shillong.
If I take the estimate according to the scheme of the MDCs, the maximum amount of T.24 crore is still T.24 crore. I want to know where this T.24 crore is.
He was 76 years old, a native of Mukhaialong village and lives with his children in Salini Colony, Mihmyntdu. He is survived by his wife and 9 children including women and 2 men.
Role Model : The role model is the abbreviation of the star; example is the obvious example.
Daowan Passah scored 98 runs off 55 balls while V. Pala and Emdor Sutnga of Chutwakhu took three wickets each.
He said the Congress in the state has tried to mislead the people.
The JBCC has made the demand after receiving information that the MPCC intends to give ticket to another person, Bah Victor Rani who is the MLA's husband to contest the MDC from Jirang Constituency. The MPCC authorities have decided to give ticket to Bah Rani, who is the secretary of the NESPDP, the party whose MLA. “It is clear that they have violated the MPCC Order No.MPCC/2FC/61/14 dt.6th January, 2014 and violated the will of the people,” said the leaders. JBCC Secretary KS Lyngdoh and Najim Kharmalki have urged the MPCC leaders to look into the matter before announcing the candidate from Jirang Constituency. to the voice of the people.
The residents have also complained about the suspension and demanded that the PWD department should immediately complete the road within 1 month and if the PWD does not listen to this demand, the village authorities will they will not go the other way, he added.
This is the way of the cross.
The protocol works to harass, oppress and harm only us, the poor and the needy.
Although he did not specify, it is understood that his remarks referred to the two MLAs of the PDF who are preparing to join the NPP. Shillong, June 26: The Project Director of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society (AIDS Control Society) Dr B Decruce has said that the party has joined the party to strengthen the MDA government. The number of cases in the state as of July this year has reached 7296 and among the districts with the highest number of cases is East Jaintia Hills. and followed by West Jaintia Hills.
“People who don't speak the truth are equal to people who don't take responsibility for anything and can turn anyone away.
Regarding the dorbar to be held this month, he said he is ready to raise the issues not only of the people of Mawlai, but the issues of the state as a whole. “The night of teachers on the streets which happens from time to time and the issue of Themmetor and others which will also include the ILP,” he said.
Three-four persons are suspected to have drowned in Lumpyrtuh village, Mihmyntdu on Monday.
Pamrapaithlu SC and Rymbai Pohskur SC have shared 10 points each, while Byndihati SC has won the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) at Diengshynrum. The first match ended in a draw between Pamrapaithlu SC and Rymbai Pohskur SC, while in the second match, Byndihati SC beat Byndihati SC in a draw. Kyrshan Nongtdu (59) scored the first goal for Lumputhoi SC.
This has also hindered and deprived the applicants who are the residents of the state.
Banerjee, who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal, will campaign to support her party candidate Radheshyam Biswas.
Nongspung said that the farmer had met with other residents and they had driven away the Karbi, and the Karbi had fled.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ïoanis Ïawlar, Secretary of the union, said that in the past few months, they have met with the employees of the department.
After this, Meghalaya started to increase the runs after the departure of Kishan Lyngdoh and Tarique Siddique.
According to them, the order of the court came after they lodged a PIL against the delay in releasing the results after waiting for more than half a year.
He didn't go and came every time.
After the incident, the family members found them lying lyngktar on the ground and bleeding heavily from the shooting.
Neesta Feeco Bamon 14' and Onio Sutnga 39' scored the second goal for Sutnga.
Ribokstar Deingdoh said that the exploitation of foreigners who have illegally settled in the Sohra area should be remembered exactly as the death of Lurshai Hynniewta.
I am grateful to the friends who read some of the chapters before printing this book, and who also showed me how to improve it.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle under the leadership of Wallambor Nongsiej, President has received complaints from the public regarding the lack of doctors and the lack of attention to those in emergency. On the 31st March, 2023, they went to meet with the Medical Superintendent of Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital, Dr.W.Sutnga to discuss the necessary issues.
According to the Air and Water Act, all factories must obtain a CTE from the State Pollution Board before operating and those who operate factories without CTE will be punished. ECC Legal Adviser Ma Reading War said that the ECC has issued a notice to the ECC to punish coke owners who are found to be without CTE and CTO.
Dios said that the HSPDP will soon hold a meeting in Nongstoin to discuss the issue if the government does not listen.
RLD leader Ajit Singh said the UPA government has approved the Telangana state after a meeting of various groups in the UPA government today at the UPA residence. prime minister.
Shillong, Nailar 9: U Bah PM Syiem, former MLA of Mylliem Constituency, on Tuesday congratulated the Union of Rangbah Shnongs for taking the initiative to discuss the issue of illegal immigration by the authorities. He said that this decision of the Rangbah Shnongs is a warning to other organizations to ensure the arrival of mynder before the pork is late.
Modi will arrive on 27th June to chair the meeting of the North Eastern Council (NEC) at 11 am in the presence of all the ministers of the North Eastern Region.
The money worth more than 38,000 tyngka was handed over to the parents of the child at NEIGRIHMS. When they entered the bedroom of the child, all the leaders of the Sur ki Nong West Khasi, saw that they had jaw umat jrup, especially at the time when this child is born.
There are many households who still need the subsidy that the Government provides and sends to their accounts every month.
Lambor Nongsiej scored the first goal for Nangkiew Irat in the 77th minute.
“This shows that the BJP wants to implement a law against ethnic minorities and Christians and for this reason, the BJP should answer whether it will implement the same tactic if it comes to power later. This election,” Shama asked.
The Incident Commander, Zone IV will be the inspector of Thiang Compound, Raj Compound and Hari Compound at Nongsohphoh, Upper Mawprem.
Therefore, the NPP or anyone else cannot say anything.
“This is like a scheme of billions of rupees allocated by the central government with the aim of providing adequate drinking water to all households,” he said.
This initiative will also improve the management of MeECL through a team of experts based on the strength and experience of NTPC in this field.
Therefore, the implementation of SAUBHAGYA through contractors on the premises of the department has led to a maximum expenditure of T.156.14 crore.
The Marbisu goalkeeper tried to save the ball which went into the net.
Finally, we have to see whether this will happen or not, because Karan has announced today, because it is also a fake day.
Shillong: The Assistant Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Khliehriat has announced that from 9 am on the 18th of this month to 3 pm on the 21st of this month, 34 villages in the Lum Shnong area will be without electricity due to the lack of electricity.
Arguably, these are potential opportunities to build trust between the parties involved in the peace process.
Many of them, whether it is cube, rice or tyrso, do not grow well and therefore they cannot produce income as usual.
“I am very pleased that Bah Sranng is a young Rangbah who has done well in the area and I am confident that he will reach the goal of victory.
The protest at the time of the shooting death of Bah Che (Cheristerfield Thangkhiew) was terrible but the leaders of this Government have raised the voice of the people and now, many have started to eat. This MDA Government doesn't care and doesn't listen to anyone, not even the people, as if it isn't. the Government is not elected by the people (elected govt.
The official said the government intends to conclude its meeting as soon as possible.
Shillong:"The cleaning of Wahumkhrah has been a long time coming to restore it as it was in the past, but the efforts of the Central Government to allocate funds to the state government through the department will be in vain. “It's a municipal board if there is no transparency and accountability,” said MLA Adelbert Nongrum.
Despite the desire to host the Olympics in 2036, India is in conflict with other countries like Spain, Qatar and Indonesia as these countries have expressed their desire to host the Olympics. this is a big lympung.
However, on the other hand, the news that Dr Mukul Sangma's seat has been shaken after two former Chief Ministers Salseng C Marak and DD Lapang met Sonia Gandhi to discuss the issue. They demanded the resignation of Dr Mukul Sangma as the party leader for many reasons especially the deterioration of peace and order in Garo Hills.
According to the latest news, the MBOSE has decided that this year and next year they will replace the same textbooks and in 2016 they will replace these textbooks.
We agree with Dr Celestine's statement that it is a shame for the state to be accused of being the most corrupt in the country especially when the accusation came from the Minister of Home Affairs who is also the former President of the country. As we have mentioned in recent articles, Amit Shah will not speak without knowing all the facts.
mlp@gmail.com.
Special schemes for women have attracted women voters from these three states.
Pynursla, Jymmang 27: The incumbent MLA of Pynursla and Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday expressed his confidence that he will return as MLA of Pynursla for the fourth term.
These drugs will destroy all lives.
This is the price of the meter system and not the price of the passenger.
In the past, the Hima Shillong was also known as the “Hima Sawkher Lai Lyngdoh” as a sign of respect for the Four (4) Kher/Basan and Three (3) Lyngdohs, who were the The founder of the Shillong Hima.
Shillong, November 22: After the MDA-2 Government decided to shut down Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited, the first dewbilat factory in the state, the village leaders of Mawmluh Village, a coal mining village, They said that they did not see this happening, but they said that an inquiry should be conducted to find out the reasons and who is involved until the factory is closed down.
However, Mawkyrwat SA SC couldn't score a goal until the end of the match and Photjaud-Rangthong SC won the title by 1 – 0 goals. .
Similarly, the highest census of women was recorded in Papumpare district, Arunachal Pradesh with 319 women.
Then there arose a reasoning among them, which of them should be accounted the greatest.
“We would also like to ask the District Council how the Trading License has been issued to the shopkeepers as according to the Trading License Act 1954 it is clear that no Trading License can be issued. to any foreign country if it is a job that cannot be done by the owners of the state.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen said, “The Advisory Board will now look into these two important issues and advise the Government on how to deal with and immediately end the current problems in the society. society".
“Therefore, once again the Committee under the chairmanship of the Defense Minister, Amit Shah will meet again and decide how much aid to give to Meghalaya,” said Prestone.
The Union has also announced that the Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs will be able to carry out their duties related to the development of the villages as usual. The meeting of all the Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District to announce the need to work according to the JHADC Bill which has been passed so that there will be no more misguidance and corruption by the Rangbah Shnongs. and the Dorbar Shnong, concluded a statement sent by the General Secretary of the SRSRJ, Army Lipon, with a Happy New Year.
Many children with disabilities do not have the opportunity to go to school because of the many problems they face in society from the lack of adequate roads to walk and stand, schools do not have the opportunity to accommodate them. Through this campaign and in accordance with the Right to Education, the Government of India through the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) has opened the door for all children to attend school free of charge. something.
He said that before he finished his speech he wanted to sing a song and he sang again the song “My soul praise the Lord, you are great-you are great” which he sang at the English word 'How Great Thou Art'
The President also explained that if the Management Board is not an authority, how can the Syiem of Langrin Hima not lead the Hima as a Syiem but he served the Hima as Chairman of the Management Board.
He said that he had already mentioned in the House that in politics these things can happen and go smoothly, he said that one of the political leaders who works in the KHADC and sits in the opposition in the House. Thawaiñ of the state.
In the 69KG category, Deiphibanri Lyngdoh won the first prize and Aiei Banity Lyngdoh won the second prize.
Shillong: Former Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh has decided to become the Lok Sabha MP candidate from Shillong constituency if the Congress party gives him the ticket this time.
At the same time, the SP urged that no videos and photographs should be spread in such incidents. they get to catch the criminals they should not be allowed to take the law into their own hands they should immediately inform the police when there are any incidents.
On the part of the new Sordar of Raid Shabong, Bah Herinsing Khongngai, he congratulated the Rangbah Shnongs whom he has already honored, the women of the departments of the previous election committees. He congratulated the Rangthylliang Village Council for organizing this programme.
Najim said that at the meeting, the JAC has conveyed its demands according to the petition submitted to the MeECL officials earlier, to appoint 4 jungle workers, 2 linemen, 5 jungle workers. meter reader and 12 muster rules to clean the line in the area.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Bangladesh with a delegation of several government ministers and officers as well as a delegation of entrepreneurs from the state. by road from Dawki to Dhaka and left for Tura on the 10th.
SHIM HABA DON'T GIVE BUT UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU SHOULD DO.
For those M-Tablets that are defective, the government has set up a manufacturing plant at each district headquarters in the state which has 11 tablets.
The Seiñ Raij Jowai has prepared for the Behdieñkhlam festival, in which parts of Musiang Square especially those parking lots to place the Dieng Khlam trees have been cleaned with water.
There will also be up to 12 judges to conduct the shooting tournament.
What happened to the District Council should not happen to the Government as the Riverfront Development Project worth Rs 39 crore has been funded by the Government of India.
On the other hand, the village leaders and farmers expressed their satisfaction that their dream has come true and congratulated their MLA who has worked hard together with the officers of the agriculture department to restore what they did not expect. more.
“I am confident that if the decision is wrong, it can be appealed to the court.
Besides, he said that from the other side, drugs have emerged which many families have already suffered.
North Liberty HS School won the Best Team title in the Under-14 boys and girls category with five gold, five silver and one bronze medals.
When asked whether this will take longer due to the struggle and refusal of the state governments to cooperate, Singh said the state government does not need it.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest expressed his satisfaction to see that such beauty pageants and fashion shows have increased in the State.
We must remember that as educated youth who have various positions and especially as leaders, we must be humble to put the goal first and the most important thing. which requires us as young people to do and sacrifice ourselves for the sake of the country and the nation.
At least 2,000 people had lined up to exchange money but some of the banks had expired and had to go home early.
“In 2008, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima wrote that the land was given to them by the previous Syiems of Mylliem Hima,” said Gurjit.
The Minister also inaugurated the Lemongrass Project of Mawklot Farmer Producer Company Limited.
Although the theme of the festival is to promote the culture, Bah Raphael Warjri said, “The current situation in these two areas is a threat from the earthquake. The Jumai has a great message to comfort and encourage its fellow human beings through the poems taken from the Khasi stories.
At such times, voters should keep in mind that our primary goal is that these leaders of ours should make laws that will protect, save and preserve their own culture and nation.
On the other hand, the President of FKJGP, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, has apologized for the incident and said that the reason for the attack on the journalists is because the youth have been disappointed in their unemployment.
The meeting was conducted by HSPDP Youth Wing Rimuliang Zone President Ombarly Wanniang. Pynshai Joel Dkhar, Joint Secretary of HSPDP Youth Wing Central Body, D.P. HSPDP Rimuliang Zone President Sandondor Ryntathiang, HSPDP Youth Central Body President Khrawpyrkhat Marweiñ Ribhoi Secretary, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, HSPDP Women Central Body President KP Pangñiang other other.
“We will be the fourth country in the world to reach the south pole of the moon and the first country to reach the south pole of the moon,” he said.
On the functioning of the Lokayukta, Bah Ardent said that this is the authority entrusted to the people to complain if there is any misuse of the MLA Scheme or corruption among government employees and others. strength.
In the second half, Dong Mawsiangjajer won 1-0
In the past few days, a briefing meeting of the party was held at Pdeng Shnong, Sohra.
She denied that she was influenced by the Prime Minister as a minister.
Boil the water and heat slightly at 90°C for 3 minutes until the water turns stem colour.
Shillong: “Ka Sur ki Nong War Jaintia” in the presence of political parties and elders of the area, will hold a march on Tuesday (3rd of this month) at Amlarem at 12 noon. The HNLC has protested against the shooting death of Former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
He said that at present, about Rs 12 crore is needed to open each C&RD Block.
The ceremony was organized by the Vishva Hindu Parishad (VHP) Jowai.
Experts say the disease will spread to parts of Latin America in the coming days.
Answering a question whether he will contest the 2023 elections and from which party, Bah Martle said it is up to the people to decide for such a decision. he didn't shimrai.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Following a complaint lodged by many beneficiaries of JHADC schemes and civil society organizations including Arlin Dkhar of Khliehtyr against the CEM Madonbai Rymbai on the West Jaintia Hills Police have raided the police station in West Jaintia Hills on charges of misusing the money of the beneficiaries through schemes and the fees paid by the government to those families as fees for not taking land. JHADC and also seized documents related to the corruption allegation.
In 2020, the event had to be postponed due to the pandemic.
He said the government has not yet selected which PHC/CHC to hand over to the organizations in the state.
At the same time, the Minister promised that the government will try to provide all the necessary assistance to the people affected by this incident and especially to those who have suffered. loss of children and relatives.
East Khasi Hills has 134 new cases and Ribhoi has 80 new cases.
Isn't it easy because you have to agree with 8 or 9 people and not all of them are devils.
“Many of the roads inside Star Cement have been destroyed by the floods and the offices of the factory have been flooded,” said a source from the area.
The ECC march which started from Shikilo, Lad Sutnga to the ground floor of the DC Office Khliehriat was a success.
“Besides, Dr. Bishnoi stressed on training programs and cooperation among the responsible citizens to eradicate this evil.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Union Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises Giriraj Singh today said that the government will set up a training center for the youth of the state to create jobs for up to 50 years. thousand.
Warjri, IAS, was sworn in as the new Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) of the state at the Governor's residence at Raj Bhawan.
The meeting will also be attended by the Secretary to the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of India.
Shillong, Nailur 25: A group of Congress MDCs, who want to nominate Bah Thombor Shiwat as CEM of JHADC, today held a meeting at Pongtung Guest House, Pynursla to protest against the nomination of Bah Andrew Shullai. to win the election in the dorbar, which will be held on the 27th of this month.
Speaking on the demand of the civil society to release the report, MR said that the report is not a book, but many books weighing up to 15 kilos and the civil society cannot. expect to read it in one day.
“When I speak Hindi, I use Bharat, and when I speak English, I use India.
The Director of Sports & Youth Affairs, S.Awasthi (IAS) was the chief guest at the opening ceremony. Kumar Commissioner Secretary, in the presence of MSOA office bearers, Sports officers, DSOs, at the meeting held at Mawsmai.
A strong temptation entered Panah's soul, so he decided as soon as possible to go into his son.
“When there are jobs that benefit us, we don't have to worry too much because it has increased the number of other ethnic groups who have now demanded share,” he said.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) leader and President Gavin M Mylliemngap today said that those who oppose the NPP are criticizing only because they want to criticize but the NPP is also criticizing. will respond to criticism.
The State Government has recently announced that it has sent an inquiry into the sudden collapse of the dome of the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday. the dep.
Time passes quickly.
These recommendations are confirmed by clear evidence from advertisements of foreign betting sites such as Fairplay, PariMatch, Betway, Wolf 777 and 1xBet.
Regarding the presence of some villages where some people have opened the water themselves where the PHE workers have not yet released or it is not yet time to release as scheduled. The SDO promised to call the Rangbah Shnongs to discuss this issue as this behavior of some of them has put in trouble the employees and has also put in trouble. in the difficulty of getting water to the places where it is needed.
On this occasion, the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of MeECL in Jowai, Bah M.Kurbah said that the light shortage in Jowai city is due to the cut off of the wire from Khliehriat to Jowai. There is also a shortage of circuit breakers at Jowai Station.
He said the Congress party has promised to develop implementation measures to curb on-line loan apps within 100 days if it comes to power.
For seven hundred years they ruled the whole of Ahom – from Upper Assam to Lower Assam and to the borders of the Hynniewtrep Hills to the east.
Bahrit was arrested on charges of murdering his brother-in-law, Robi Thangkhiew, at Khliehiewduh, Shillong.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has expressed its deep sorrow and sorrow over the passing away of one of the former leaders of the state, Bah HS Shylla.
The Minister of State and NPP Leader, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has admitted that the election in Sohiong constituency is on the verge of victory by the NPP through all the hard work.
They are in hospital in Shillong and have not shown any signs of the disease.
“You understand this statement, we are contesting in a situation where the leading national party has not contested the election, the NPP has chosen to cooperate with this statement. Meghalaya has voted against the BJP, the Congress is no longer needed and the VPP has a stronghold in East Khasi Hills. “The fact is that we have 12 MLAs and we have won more constituencies in Khasi and Jaintia,” said Bah Paul.
In the Central Boards, the chapters and marks have been counted exactly if the marks have been calculated because the school authorities, teachers and parents of the students will not allow to do so. to the Central Board.
This statement is only for the purpose of doing business to make it public.
He told the BSF that he has been working with the ULFA in Bangladesh for three years now and has a close relationship with Dristi Rajkhowa Dy.C-in-C, ULFA and his bodyguard.
The District Agriculture Office will continue to conduct such awareness programs in other villages to encourage and provide advice , awareness and training to the people in agriculture and farming country.
As of 1st July 2020, 4,427 cities of India have been selected, of which 472 are Class I and these are the beneficiaries of the PMAY-U scheme. 1.14 crore houses have been allocated and out of these, 53.42 lakh houses have been completed and handed over to the owners.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Seng Khasi Mylliem on Tuesday morning at 8:30 pm, found that someone had robbed the sanctuary of the Seng Khasi Mylliem at Madan ing Syiem, Mylliem. The enemy went to the field of this house.
After class she went to help her mother at the market and before dark she came home to cook.
He said that peace and stability is one of the most important issues of the people of the state at this time.
Anupama shot a video of herself for about 10 minutes that night before committing suicide.
They said that they cannot accept the existing boundaries and demanded that they should be fixed first and the signboard should be erected from the zero line.
Caldolan Kharmaphlang scored the second goal in the second minute, Wadajied Ryngkhlem scored from the penalty spot in the third minute.
“If our aim is only to get government jobs, peon jobs, we will get jobs in directorates, that makes us not want to do well, the world wants skills, an Indian has become Minister Rangbahduh in Bilat, while we still want to be Boss only in the Directorate, such a training,” said Bah Paul.
So far, according to information received from the constituency, only two candidates, Grace Kharpuri and Anthony Kongwang, have been announced, although it is expected that the UDP will also be one of the candidates. candidate in this constituency.
Police of West Jaintia Hills District, although it is not their duty, in a spirit of compassion, have come forward to fight not with sticks or guns, but with leaflets to provide information on how to protect and fight against him. The Coronavirus has become a pandemic around the world today.
In this budget, the Government has reinstated the tax of 50 paise per liter on diesel, which came into force on 1st November 2011 and has increased the tax from 12.5 per cent to 13.5 per cent. with diesel.
He said that the situation in the state is now in dire straits, as it has faced many problems due to financial crisis, development works have faced problems, needs have been stagnant.
It is also worth mentioning that the bridge was built in a hurry, because of the collapse of the Dwarksuid Bridge, where heavy vehicles and heavy vehicles cannot pass through the bridge. The State Government has handed over to the BRO and NHAI to build the Shillong By-pass, so that the Shillong By-pass can be used by the BRO and NHAI. you can walk through this bridge.
In 2002-2003 it received T.7,35,469, in 2003-2004 it received T.5,72,560, in 2004-2005 it received T.8,57,6 T.10,08,558, in 2006-2007 it received T.12.68,328, in 2007-2008 it received T.10,83,229, in 2008-2009 it received T.13,85,6 2009-2010 received T.16,18,280, 2010-2011 received T.13,34,234, 2011-2012 received T.14.94,997, 2012-2013 received T.716,0 During the year from June to July alone, the Forest Department has collected T.5,85,6
Shillong, July 13 : The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the government to lodge an FIR against the MeECL employees. Shillong Municipal Board to bring about cleanliness in Shillong.
Skill Development Officer Lambormi Suchen said that more than 600 youths have been trained in West Jaintia Hills District so far and out of these more than 400 youths have been able to start their own businesses. Their income or expenditure has reached 24 lakh tyngka per month.
About 160 people have lost their lives in the ethnic clashes between the Kuki and Meitei since 3rd June.
The entry fee for the first round will be T.5000/-.
Shanbor defeated Anakapalli Madanpratap of Andhra Pradesh by knockout at the Vadodara Combat Academy in Gujarat. third place in the Super Fly Weight 52kg category.
On the other hand, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, while speaking to the people, said that they should not do politics on this issue, but should stand firm on their ground. to strengthen the documents to be submitted to the Regional Committee in which he as an MLA will be present and to fight strongly that the Nongwah Mawatamur should remain in Meghalaya.
Over the years, KLO members have been involved in a variety of illegal activities, including attacks against security forces, bomb blasts and extortion.
In the past two years, many buses have been operating to Upper Shillong from the market to 7 mer, and it has been seen that there are about four or five buses operating to Upper Shillong including the Development.
The percentage of passers is 50%.
Shira said that at that time the police fled and injured themselves and he said that they accused the party, at the same time he admitted that the ANVC-B was just protect themselves while the police came to kill and destroy the camp.
It means that man should respect that authority for the sake of peace, for all government is established by God for man on earth.
When we turned back from Motphran to Umsohsun Road, we saw that the number of market vendors has increased dramatically.
As the workers stand on their own ground, they will ensure that this factory runs, and they do not want the workers to be the victims of anyone.
The incident occurred during a meeting between the FKJGP, AJY WO and HNYF, which invited journalists, but the CEM of JHADC, without any reason, touched the hands without one of the reporters.
Painting participants can use water colours, oils, acrylics or mixed media.
His brothers have gone beyond his power.
The woman was allegedly accused of extorting money from the people of Pynursla area and her movements were monitored and she was arrested from Shillong today and later handed over. The police are from Pynursla Police Station.
Umiam also started scoring runs without losing heart when they beat Raj Biswa (30) and Bamanbha Shangpliang (20).
Guwahati, July 4: Twenty soldiers of the 6th Dogra Infantry were killed by militants in Moltuk area of ​​Chandel district on Friday morning. Twelve of them were seriously injured in the fourth attack in the area in the past three months.
The KSU said that this shows the presence of officers who do not think for the sake of the family and as an organization that has a responsibility for the development of the area which is still in dire need. The aid agencies urged them to fulfill their duties properly so that it will be a blessing to the people of the community and the area as a whole.
That is why when there is a widespread deforestation, it destroys the homes of thousands of wildlife.
Shillong, November 14: Shillong Lajong FC are preparing to face Real Kashmir FC in Srinagar tomorrow at 2 pm. at the TRC Turf Ground.
The motion was also supported by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, who expressed the actions of the Police during the HITO protest in Shillong on the 4th of this month.
"Where else can we go, father? I'm afraid we'll reach the old country," said the mother and kissed her father.
At this time, if you talk about the elections, nobody will listen, if you talk about the District Council, nobody wants to read, if you talk about the actors, nobody will push and even the issue of ILP. neither does it move, because it is not time.
On the HNLC's request to provide protection to its leaders, the Minister said, “Let us not reach that point because we have a request that the talks will be fair.
In Christianity, however, as Paul says in 1 Corinthians 7:10, 11, once married, no one should divorce, whether he has children or not, although some Christians are divorced because of this by the law of God. the District Council, such Christians are violating Bible law.
Renikton through the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Program (CMHAP) hopes that it will be of assistance to many households who are entitled to receive it and expects that in the coming years it will be enough. to be able to give more to families in need of resources.
Even at a young age, like other village children, he used to live in the fields, but now he has become a caretaker where he doesn't have time to go to the fields because once every four days. Pynrusla market he has to come to give medicine to the people, and besides that every day people come to his village to look for him, and often he has to run abroad like Shillong and Pynursla area when the patients can not I don't want to take care of you.
Expressing his party's commitment to respect the national assemblies and holy places, Abhishek said, “The MoU signed with the Assam Government will be cancelled. Police Check-posts to strengthen border security.
The by-election will be held in Tura on 16th June.
According to a complaint received from the employees of the department, the daily salary cut for the employees of the company is due to the fact that these employees did not come to work on the day of the curfew called by NESO. long on 8th July 2019 throughout the North East.
Shillong, July 22: Police have arrested nine persons on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Md.Nabibor Ali, 22, of Demseiniong. he's a young man.
The number of people infected with the coronavirus worldwide has risen to 8,00,0
On the same day, the AMPTCA also elected the full office bearers of the party, including Kong S.Shylla as President, General Secretary M.Dkhar, Treasurer B.Nongmalieh and two Advisors. Thomas Nongtdu and T. Lapasam.
The resolution showed that 87 youths have been employed and the signature of the Chairman and Secretary of the Commission was also shown.
Superintendent of Fisheries, West Jaintia Hills, Ma R Rymbui and other leaders of the Jowai Presbyterian Church were also present.
I don't want to come and ask for help from the MLAs. Otherwise, I don't want to be afraid of the MLAs.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) with the support of the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs. of the State Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Government of India on Thursday held the first National Conference in the country to eradicate more than 30,000 kilos of drugs. different states.
Shillong, Nailar 17: The Chdooh Ri Jaintia Wa Maia (CRJM) led by its President Bah WK Suchiang has met with the CEO of Jowai Municipal last month regarding the disappearance of four government buses in Jowai. it's been about two months.
:The National Voter's Day was held today at Patharkhmah Nongpoh.
“Initially, the name of Bah Paul as the candidate for the MDC election did not come up at all and at that time I decided to apply for ticket from the UDP because I and all my family members they have been supporters of the national party since the earliest years.
The KSU has also paid tribute to this Longkmie as part of the efforts to encourage her and to set a good example for other Khasi women in Ri Khasi. they will follow the example of this Longkmie.
Dumping nuclear waste into the ocean has poisoned the waters and affected marine life.
Nochira S.Marak, 16 years old.
““We have only but a month left and it is time to work hard.
Shillong Lajong, meanwhile, have tried to change the style of play by introducing Everbrightson Mylliempdah but he has failed to score four goals this season.
Shillong, July 19: On 17th July 2022, KAM Meghalaya held a meeting of residents at Anchorage Guest House at Malki Point. The students came and took part in the discussion and debate on the issues affecting the State today.
She expressed her gratitude to God for helping her to reach the top of the highest mountain in the world.
She said that she drinks cow's milk regularly and thus she is free from covid.
It is unfortunate that the village is only 20 KM away, but it is necessary for MePDCL to deliver electricity for 6-7 months and the residents have to pay thousands of tyngka.
He expressed his regret that many farmers have started to leave their farming to turn to other occupations.
He said that this time it is not so because the NPP candidate is on time.
All three goals came in the second half, Robert Khongriah scored the first goal in the 50th minute for Mawlai, followed by Chanmitre Thma in the 57th minute for Langsning SC. Kevin Rymbai in the 68th minute scored the winner for Mawlai SC. In the robin stage, Mawlai beat Langsning 1-0 .
The search by the BSF has caused the vehicles to park in a line above the bridge with loads weighing up to 40-45 tonnes per truck and if the trucks are parked only 4 or 5 ha The bridge can no longer be carried and that is why it has collapsed in the past few days.
The Sordar said that the state government should have provided the officer with bolero or any other strong vehicle to travel to and from such rural areas to make it easier for the officer to drive away. his needs and to visit the villages by vehicles that can get him back in time.
The remaining amount will be received later.
The equipment used in Government Hospitals is very expensive because branded products or medicines are not available.
The union also criticized the General Secretary of the Achik Conscious Integrated Crime (ACHIK) who is a lawyer and knows that the state has its own court.
This is perhaps an attempt by the Government to slap hands and refuse to take responsibility and thus at a time when the pandemic is still raging, this is an unacceptable statement.
Recently, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawïong Rim under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and the Village Authority met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah to seek clarification on the collection of coal and request to clean up. noh from this bag.
The match between the two teams was very interesting and powerful but in the end the Assam Rifle won the title.
On the part of Prof B Panda, who was the chief guest, he said that it is very important to have a policy because through it many people can meet many needs and added that the factory Filmmaking in the North East requires a lot of work to be done.
Shillong: Lawmali Pyllun SC beat Nongmensong SC 2-0 in the 3rd Division of the SSA on Saturday at Polo Ground.
Sreenidi opened the scoring through Rosenberg in the 7th minute but Lajong turned the tide through Ronney in the 29th minute.
Your skin will be different and cleaner as soon as you finish.
“This is what encourages us all.
Shillong: Five members of the BJP, led by Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, today left for New Delhi.
The award winners were selected by talented scholars from 23 languages ​​by the Executive Board of the Sahitya Akademi, which met on 23rd July. , 2013 under the direction of Vishwanath Prasad Tiwari, President of the Sahitya Akademi.
There are companies which have installed more than one mobile tower where they pay the electricity bill for only one tower and then install the other.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang: The residents of Rambrai area have demanded that the government should improve the roads in the area, especially the road from Rambrai to Mawlangsu which passes through Phudumbah, Domkohmen and other villages.
The shelter will be operated in a three-room government quarter in DC Colony and will be managed by the Williamnagar Municipal Board.
The Assamese Muslims from Assam also demanded that the Assamese should demand their rights, as it has violated their rights and discrimination.
He said that the Minister of the department has promised that the work has progressed to improve these roads and this will also be good news for the residents of this area.
On the other hand, he also congratulated all the students who came to take part in this tournament.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday wrote on his Facebook page that he had to land on the ground of the Union Christian College in Umiam, due to the bad weather. He said that he was very happy to see the beautiful place and to experience the welcome of the college and other preparations.
“Ampareen said she wants to talk only to the people of Mawlai,” said Donbok. He said that in her speech, she said that she doesn't read newspapers. and also that the newspapers should publish only the daily newspapers.
Shillong, Jymmang 18, 2013: Ardent said that there is a pleasant story, which he has heard during his visit, about the cooperation between the two national parties, the UDP and the HSPDP. Shillong, 18 Jymmang: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has admitted that the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has sent a message to the party that if it wants to talk peace, it should support the Congress in the MLA elections. to come.
The gate was closed after a complaint from many vehicle owners who have suffered from the incident at these toll gates along the National Highway.
On the 28th, at 7 pm, the SSSM organized a 10 km marathon for men and a 5 km marathon for women.
On the other hand, MCA Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni and Thakuria left for Jagiroad, Assam to congratulate the U-19 Men's team for their participation in the Vinoo Mankad Trophy.
The suspects were identified as John Kharbani, 30, of Themïew and Ridonlang L Lyngkhoi, 27, of Tiehsaw, Nongstoin. .
The EJNC has found about 30 shops open in Mynthning Village and ordered them to be closed to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 23: While the President of the VPP party, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, has launched a sit-in near the Secretariat, a group of VPP Nongstoin leaders with various slogans on placards, went to sit down. Gabriel Wahlang MLA Nongstoin Constituency.
It is for this reason that such activities have become increasingly common even in our Khasi country.
The Upper Khri Stage-I and II projects have also been awarded to companies but these too have not yet reached anywhere.
He said that if there is a proposal to hold talks, why don't they trust to talk, and whether the government has done anything wrong.
This is the DAK to the world and Israel is the clock of the world to know the time.
Shillong, March 19: For three years, the spiritual children of Don Bosco are preparing to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the arrival of the missionaries of the Salesian Society from Italy on July 13, 1922 in Shillong. to sow the seeds of faith in the North East.
Drivers from all over the state and even from outside the state like Nagaland, both men and women, came to take part in the competition.
“Is Nalin Kohli a citizen of Meghalaya?” he asked.
Speaking to Rupang, Rangad said, “We have received information that there are about three persons who have been arrested involved in spreading the video on social media to kill Angelbeth. "It's been a while," said Kong Rangad.
However, regarding the allegation that the driver of the vehicle carrying the patient, the department said that the investigation by GVK EMRI-Meghalaya is ongoing.
In this regard, no complaint has been lodged.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi was also present at the donation ceremony. He handed over the keys to several employees at a function held in New Delhi.
We will not allow the demolition of this PHC until we get a new PHC Dawki,” said Dolloi Ma Pyrwa.
He said that this road is expected to be completed by October 2024 as this is the road which the residents have been waiting for for about 40 years.
There have been 75 recoveries in the state today, bringing the total number of recoveries to 10,9
Those who wish to express their opposition to this order are kindly requested to send a letter to the District Magistrate at the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District during office hours.
The age of the mother has passed and the age of the parents has come, especially the father.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the allegations that the NPP and Conrad K Sangma are the obstacles or obstacles to the The proposal to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule is unfounded and untrue but it is only an attempt to mislead the people of the state.
“We all have our own opinions and I can't convince everyone but the only thing I know is that I won't sell my body and what he does is according to the law. "It's my clear relationship with my Creator," said Dr Mohrmen.
The reason given by the Working President of the MPCC is that the people should not look too much at who is leading the party in Delhi, but at the leaders in the state and also look at the candidate who will lead the party in Delhi. to contest from the constituency where they live.
Jowai: Seven drivers carrying coal from Bhutan to Bangladesh via Dawki have been shot and injured by three persons and one of them is the PSO of Bah Kyrmen Shylla. .
Teilinia asked how much money KHADC has collected Professional Tax from these factories and the EM replied that from East Khasi Hills KHADC has collected T.6,28,907 from West Khasi Hills. Ri-Bhoi district received T.82,765 and Ri-Bhoi district received T.14,25,1
Shillong, Nailur 22: After the MUA-II government led by Dr Mukul Sangma won the no-confidence motion brought by the Opposition, Bah Bindo M Lanong, former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, u Bah Bindo M Lanong, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, He said that this government is ruling with dignity.
Therefore, he requested the Central Government to extend the deadline to allow students to register or apply for the examination.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : Former Minister of State and HSPDP Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang on Tuesday said that he has no problem if former Sohiong MLA HDR Lyngdoh contests. from the UDP ticket in the upcoming elections.
“I never thought that I would get this opportunity, that the RDA leaders would allow me to be a candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat. I am a great thinker to advocate for the country and the nation in Parliament and I will work hard to carry this responsibility if the people want to elect me.
Dubakh and Monarch won the women's and men's category of the 4th Berchem Cup organized by Seng Samla Nongpoh Proper which ended on the 27th of this month. April.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that it is clear that the state will have to choose between the Sixth Schedule or Article
It takes up to 20 minutes for the brain to realize that the stomach is full.
There are other projects, including road construction projects, where we have not received the second or third installment.
“I feel it is not right for the Congress MLAs to refrain from sitting in the House, it is a violation of the seat of the Governor,” he said.
Nongpoh: The residents of Umtyrnga, Ri Bhoi, on the Meghalaya-Assam border, today turned out to participate in the Public Hearing, which was held at Umtyrnga. , which was called by two elders from Umtyrnga, Bah Bor Khongtyngkut and Bah Marcus Lapasam, to protest against the presence of some people, who have registered as thieves. If you are not sure what to do, please contact the Border Security Force.
The seven candidates are Balajiedkupar Synrem of the UDP, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga of the Congress, Joshua Warjri of the BJP, Mosjo Rock F. Wanswett of the PDF and two independent candidates Komen Laitmon. , and Grace Mary Kharpuri.
He said the HSPDP has accepted Bah Metbah Lyngdoh as the leader of the RDA and has nothing to say on this.
Surprisingly, Bah Krally Iawphniaw has rejected the certificate of Sordar Shnong, and has requested another certificate of Sordar Shnong.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM), Ri Bhoi District Unit, today visited and explained to all the shopkeepers in Umsning and surrounding areas. National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi.
They said that in the rural areas, the houses are far away from each other so the area is clean and the Khasi cows are full of food.
Take this example to understand what I mean when I say that we need to receive a vision.
The SP said that a thorough investigation is ongoing and they cannot determine whether there are children who have been trafficked outside the district and the state.
The opening ceremony was attended by Minister of Home Affairs Lahkmen Rymbui, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Umroi MLA Goerge Lyngdoh, Mawsynram MLA HS. Speaking on the occasion, MDCs of JHADC, DC West Jaintia Hills District MA Garod LSN Dykes, IAS, SP Bikram D. Marak, Most Reverend Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh and SSVPJAC leaders. Although the donation to the Churches is small, their wisdom in administration and justice has brought benefits to the people as a whole.
Researchers at the University of California Davis say that too much glucose during pregnancy can affect the brain development of unborn children.
The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi in a statement said that the police have received information that many people have been extorted money from such groups. The HNLC, the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) and others through various social media platforms such as WhatsApp, Telegram/SMS and others.
He said that the reason for the riots is because some people are misleading the people that the installation of electricity signs in the village will endanger the residents.
In the second half, both sides tried to create chances to score but it didn't work out and Mawlai won by 10 goals.
Dr Mukul Sangma said it is the duty of all leaders to ensure that the state does not reach the point of causing trouble and does not disappoint the youth of the state until they become angry.
Sir Robert Gordon wrote what he saw and what happened in our country.
WJLBEMA Spokesperson Dolly Khonglah said that they asked on July 20 at the Forest and Environment Gate in Dawki whether they can continue the smuggling of stone after the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive) issue judgment.
He said that although these protesters have been protesting under the banner of the Meghalaya LP School Contractual Association (MLPSCA), the government has not been able to re-appoint them despite their demands. The interview is not available for all posts.
When I was a child, I didn't know anything, I just heard what others said, They said that the church would be destroyed, It was from young men and women.
The Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura Highway was declared a National Highway in
This action of the Assam government has angered the residents of this village.
Speeches were also delivered by the BDO of the Block, Kong EL Warjri and others.
Therefore, as it appears, the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi is a song of praise for our nation as it appears in this song especially in the fourth and seventh verses as mentioned in the first part. .
Shillong: A Bolero (ML 01 1738) has been burnt down in Mawlai last night as a sign of protest. the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA).
He alleged that there are people who are not prepared to speak against the Indian government, to mislead and to show unemployment.
The suspects were identified as Khailen Hoakip, 42, of New Boljang and Lheineihoi Hoakip, 40, of New Boljang.
“When we were inside the party, it was really difficult, because we had to hold rallies, we had to hold protest programs to demand the College Government, but when I reached the goal it would be easier to talk. " said S.Bareh.
Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, was the chief guest.
Who should be responsible for all that the people of the state know well, but there are still many who go to support those political parties which have violated the rights and set the aspirations of the people? .
“As Christians we need Christ to be in our lives,” Archbishop Girelli urged the people of God and added, “the Church comes to life through the Eucharist.
The prize money is T.1 lakh for the winner, T.60,000 for the second, T.20,000 for the third and T.10,000 for the fourth.
Pomshutia CC won by three runs and Aristerwell Suting was named Player of the Match.
He urged the supporters to be strong-minded, as well as to give him the opportunity to reach the goal of change and to be able to eliminate corruption and their problems. public villagers.
Ladthadlaboh SC has won the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
“Does Prestone know that not all the residents accept the NPP?” he said. What is happening on the ground is that those who used to want to join the NPP have now started to face problems with many. they were fleeing and the NPP leaders could not catch them.
He said that it is not appropriate that the people have to wait for up to two years to receive the assistance for their households.
Speaking to media, Prestone said, “On the day we met with the Minister of Home Affairs in the presence of some senior government officials, when we talked to The ILP is the first and second issue of the MRSSA, so on our part, we have requested him to take the time to meet with our political parties who want to meet with him. .
"Yes, my dear, because I don't go to the market anymore," said Rida. So she began to help her Niakha when someone came to buy something.
Liquor shops will reopen from 4th June 2020 throughout the State.
He said that the Citizen Amendment Bill is a threat to the people of Meghalaya and also to the North East as it will be a place for these people to infiltrate.
If the new Government does not do anything, the people themselves will lose their confidence.
He said that the new laws relating to crime have been passed with the idea of ​​'People first, dignity first and rights first' and instead of working with 'sticks' the police now you must work with 'data'
To avoid this mind boggling driving style.
At the end of the Holy Mass, the book and CD Album by Rev Fr Francis Kharwanlang, entitled “Jesus – Mercy: Message and Divinity – Signs in Heaven” will be released. ; CD Album: Adlyne Khonglam - I'll Be There For You.
More than 3 crore rupees are needed per annum but our people from time to time do not need them.
The country and the nation have commemorated the 188th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, who fought against the British Government from 1829 to
In Rambrai-Jyrngam constituency, the Independent candidate won with 9057,000 votes, while the HSPDP candidate won the second position with 9057,000 votes. Former MLA Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang, who is the NPP candidate, came third with 8947 thousand votes.
Shillong: The Nongbareh Lyntiar Secondary School will celebrate its 10th Anniversary at the Nongbareh Lyntiar Secondary School ground this morning.
Despite the efforts, the medical team pronounced two students dead during their stay at the hospital.
Kharjahrin said that after a meeting with the Governor, Satya Pal Malik, he said that the amendment bill is still in the Governor's office.
Shillong, July 05 : The residents of the border villages of Shella Constituency have been shocked after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, announced that the area will receive a The road and the bridge will solve many of the problems they face.
Up to 56 people were arrested during the elections and 13 after polling day.
According to the report of the Swachh Survekshan 2023 for Shillong, the collection of household waste is 26 out of 100, the separation of waste between rotten and non-rotten is only 2 per cent. 100, cleanliness of residential areas 54 out of 100, cleanliness of market areas 53 out of 100, cleanliness of water and rivers 100 out of 100 and cleanliness of public places it’s 33 out of 100.
This is the message before saying, “AMEN.” He answered the prayer.
However, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah praised the speed of the Police Department in arresting the perpetrators.
We should encourage the MLAs to speak better.
“In South India, there are more than 130 MPs and this time, the Congress will get more seats (from the South).
It is to be recalled that four political parties including the HYC, HANM, JSM, ENJC and CoRP on Tuesday marched to the Secretariat despite the permission of the DC to hold a meeting. 144 CrPC to demand that the government implement the nine demands under the Save Hynniewtrep Mission.
I know it is not easy to run this tournament,” said Bah Ardent.
The 6th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 which started on the 26th of this month came to an end on Sunday at the 10M Precision Indoor Shooting Range in Demthring, Shillong.
Shillong, November 01: U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Under Secretary to the Deputy Commissioner has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner stating that a non-Khasi husband cannot accept the jait. The Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 has been misleading.
The residents of the Assam-Meghalaya border area, which includes Psiar village, Khatkasla, have repaired the road from Wah Myntang to Myrjiang on Thursday.
AS-01DD-8155 was registered by Anuj Deb of Basistha Charali Beltola, Kamrup, Assam.
Sadon said the issue of the Instrument of Accession (IOA) and the Annexed Agreement (AA) is also part of the discussions.
At present, the day laborers are no longer allowed to work due to COVID-19, the government should take care of the problems of the people so that there will be no disruption to the day laborers. said Tuesday Lytep and added that the government should provide foodgrains whether in the city or in the countryside to avoid starvation.
After that she went back to where her father had sent her to meet the Rangbah Shnong.
The program was opened with the cutting of Christmas cake and a prayer by the elder Bigi Suchiang.
The party has not yet announced the names of the candidates for the elections.
However, the Minister said the scheme is still under preparation by the government and has not been implemented yet as it has not been able to meet the requirements.
The award ceremony of the Meghalaya Chemistry Olympiad-2023 (MCO) was held at the NKC Auditorium of USTM on Tuesday. The Minister of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, Bah AL Hek was the Chief Guest.
Those who attended the event included members of the Circle and various Units.
In East Khasi Hills, Cleve Colony has 4 cases, 6 health workers, Lama Villa 4, Lapalang 6, Madanriting 8, Mawlai Phudmuri 5, Nongmynsong 5, Nongmynsong 18 and others.
The resurrection will take place during the three and a half years of the reign of the Beast, when Jesus appears in heaven.
He said that the DEOs in all districts have been directed to ensure that there will be no traffic jam after the victory so that it will not affect the movement of the people.
This disease if you can change the habits of eating foods that can produce a lot of uric acid and lifestyle to prevent it is said that you can avoid all these problems.
The incident happened at Wapung, Khliehriat Block, East Jaintia Hills, at 10.43 pm this morning.
We will send a letter to the government not to allocate schemes to the farmers' organizations without informing the District Council, whether it is from any department,” said Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. his.
(2) Lord, I will follow thee; but let me first go bid them farewell, which are at home at my house.
An article on the website WeTheNagas, said that through the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016, the state government feels the urgent need to pass a law to ban this marriage.
He said that this Bill will pave the way for the implementation of the Rope Way and the various rules to be followed in the installation of the Rope Way.
After being taken over by Mahindra, the management of the company has decided to renovate the showroom by starting to demolish it. The District through the Organizing Committee on the 1st November 2021, has conducted a visit to the area to ensure that the paradoh parasnam will get their daily wages especially at this time of such a pandemic. The outbreak of Coronavirus (COVID-19).
Speaking to media, u Bah Lyngdoh said that before the design of the Building Byelaw, three meetings have been convened with the participation of members of the KHADC, GHADC and JHADC. He said that at this meeting, they have already discussed the division of the boundaries of the State Government in which it will implement the Buildings only in the Municipal Areas, Scheme Areas, Master. plan areas and areas under the jurisdiction of the State Government except all these shall be governed by the Acts of the District Council.
According to sources, these three residents of the state went missing on the 19th of this month after leaving Ainak village, Siaha District for Myanmar.
Shillong: On the 17th November 2023, at about 6.30 pm, a petrol truck overturned at Umtyra village, on the road. NH-06.
At the same time, he expressed his satisfaction when he saw the enthusiasm of the teachers, said a statement from the Secretary NEIMA Riwar Mihngi Unit, Bah W Khonglah.
The program was distributed to Lummawshken village, where these households from Pomramdah village, Lummawshken under the jurisdiction of the Sordar of Nongsteng Bah Kunongrim, under the jurisdiction of the Sordar of UmBlai. they received these helps.
Our teams have tried hard to track down the bodies, and it was learned that two more bodies were recovered on Thursday.
Through a letter to Conrad K Sangma, Marshal Biam said that these Khar Muslims have not been able to enter the state with their vehicles.
“We strongly oppose Aadhar for the people of the 6th Schedule areas of Meghalaya and we also support the MPCA and we will work together to stop this opposition and injustice. Dalseng BCH Momin, President of the party, said in a statement.
AL Hek Minister of State as Chief Guest, Gunka DB (IFS) as Symbud Chief Guest, Bah KM Warjri President MCA, Tengrak Sangma Jt.
The police who took the arrested man allowed him to cover himself with a jain, and the head of the victim was identified.
One road leads to 20 mer and the other road leads to Umling.
Thus the seven years of Daniel's prophecy passed away – ten months.
There were many news stories that didn't cover the points because I was only two people in the pandal.
The Chief Minister's Level Inter School Athletics Meet was inaugurated by Kong Y. Mawlong, ADC South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of Bah Damang Syngkon DSO, Bah D. Mawlein DSP South West Khasi Hills District and other government officials who witnessed the event.
The area, which has been declared a Fish Sanctuary, is known as Kai-Lang-dong which is part of the Myntdu River.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 11: The construction of speed breakers by the PWD at Jeidohkroh has helped vehicles to avoid accidents and since the construction of these speed breakers there have been no more accidents. in that place as it used to happen before they were built.
The union has also met with the Superintendent of Customs Borsora in South West Khasi Hills to demand a stop to the smuggling of coal through Borsora to Bangladesh.
As a result, he became the richest sportsman in India and surpassed Sachin Tendulkar.
The MLA praised the Dorbar Shnong for honoring these former village office bearers and to encourage other village members to take up this responsibility.
There is no current case of Coronavirus.
According to them, the hospital has already set aside up to 30 rooms in the isolation wards to treat COVID-19 patients and has also provided all the protective equipment to the staff of the hospital.
The union is also surprised that even though Garo Hills is an area with many armed groups, only 5 policemen have been sent from Baghmara to Tura by Gypsy. Use a Bullet Proof vehicle to protect yourself from powerful bullets.
Upon being arrested, the suspects immediately informed the Laitumkhrah Police Station.
Bah J Ramshon said that this action of the MePDCL has been a shock to the people who use electricity in every household and there are those who need to farm where the electricity should not be. especially at night and in cold weather, and this is another reason why it will affect the income of many.
Julius appeared before the High Court after the Nongpoh Court on 13th July, 2021, sentenced him under Sections 376(2)(i) and (n) of the Indian Penal Code, , and Section 5 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act,
Pyngrope scored the first goal for Mawpat in the 28th minute, followed by Kharduit in the 40th minute.
When asked about the intention to remove him from the post of CEM, Bah Pynshngain said he would remain CEM while he gets the majority of MDCs and added that he would not worry if there is an intention to remove him from the post. you are happy because you are not your friend.
Each machine can generate up to 30MW per day and two machines per day can generate up to 60MW. The loss of MeECL has reached T.36 lakh per day and T.10.8 crore per month and the loss of MeECL has reached more than T.100 crore per annum. Zenith said the price of 60 mw x 1000 units is 720,000 units at a price of T.2.5 per day, which has reached T.36 lakh per day.
The Director said that the Honorable Minister of Health and Family Welfare himself has a desire to improve the quality of care provided to the patients at the hospital.
And the LORD said, I will destroy man whom I created from the face of the earth; both man, and beast, and the creeping thing, and the fowl of the heaven; for I repent that I made them.
The Rangbah Dong, Forgive Dkhar, several members of the Executive Committee of Syrpoo Village and the families of the recipients were present at the donation ceremony.
The Khasi thought does not give a picture of Him, and to do so is only 'Ka Khar-madei', which gives the impression that it is an act of injustice against the Khasi thought of God.
On Friday, 52 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed and 2 people died, bringing the death toll to 1441 in the state.
And this is the condemnation, that light is come into the world, and men loved darkness rather than light; for they have spoken evil of their deeds.
“These amendments have been made in accordance with the decision of the GST Council and once the Council has taken a decision, all the State Governments will have to introduce new amendments to the State Act,” he said. said the Prime Minister.
Most of the villages in Eastern West Khasi Hills, in the MLA election, fall under Nongstoin constituency while in the MDC election, they fall under Mawthadraishan constituency.
“We have given three months to the DC's office to take this decision and send an inquiry to scientists,” said Suchiang.
It was also decided to give 50 percent of the job opportunities to those under 50 years of age in all branches of the party.
BJP dividing the country in the name of religion is a matter of great concern.
"You have created something perfect that you have prepared well and then you think how to spoil your good work," said Rodrigo. .
However, the Reservation Policy does not mean that you love the nation.
Roykupar Synrem said that there are about 80 foreigners living in the area, most of them from Assam and Uttar Pradesh.
For example, one of these is for the construction of a road in Mawkhan Pasir, where the budget is 14,77,800/- tyngka, while the expenditure is only 10,70,220/- tyngka. - tyngka and other non-development projects, the total amount of unused funds has reached 32 lakh tyngka.
From 2018 to 2020, Rupert was with North East United Football Club on loan, and from 2020 to 2022, he was with Punjab. He has made 23 appearances for Roundglass Punjab in the Punjab State Super Football League and I-League, scoring four goals. East United Football Club have signed Rupert Nongrum for the second time.
He said it would not affect the ongoing budget session but the government would not be able to announce any schemes.
He said that the consumption of electricity in Mawkyrwat has reached 18 lakh units per month at a cost of 72 lakh tyngka per month at the price of 4 tyngka per unit and the light bill is not collected. The population will receive only 43,97,907 (four hundred and thirty-three lakh ninety-nine thousand nine hundred and ninety-nine) tyngka per month and MePDCL will lose up to 28 lakh.
The FKJGP congratulates this doctor who has worked hard day and night to help the people especially in the fight against this disease.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that it is not possible for the state government to take over the operation of the EMRI 108, but to hand it over to non-governmental organisations. , provided that it is careful and ensures that the employees are not discriminated against.
The tournament was inaugurated by D.Pyrbot, District Agriculture Officer, WJHD, in the presence of Dr. DI Kjam, District Sports Officer, Jowai, K. Passah, District Agriculture Officer, WJHD. Muksor, T.Laloo and others were invited to a short meeting conducted by the President of MSGEF, H.Mohrmen.
Shillong: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, on Tuesday said that at the meeting to discuss the border issue, the party has given its opinion. The Government's final decision on this issue should be taken to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
These include five cases from East Khasi Hills and one each from East Garo Hills and West Garo Hills.
Righteous, pure, happy Christians do not want to talk, drink, eat with sinners, because they say, they are forgiven.
After the match, prizes were awarded to all seven teams, three winners and three losers.
Malai said the DCA Minister has confirmed that the bill will be implemented this year and the government also wants to implement the bill so that it will be easier for the MLAs and MDCs to work together in the country. Development works within the constituency and will help reduce the expenditure of funds in the preparation of the electoral roll of the constituencies, as it has already been done in the MLA elections. The electoral roll for the MDC elections is not available.
Other participants won Gold – 8 Silver – 8 Bronze –
Shillong: The remains of Samla Wanboklang Kurbah, this afternoon, 5th March 2023, were buried at the cemetery of the Parish of Christ Marbisu, in the presence of the people. family members, neighbors and fellow believers of the Marbisu Catholic Church.
It is unfair that the ethnic groups belonging to the Schedule Tribe and Schedule Caste should fall into the same employment category.
Hauni Laloo (15) scored the second goal.
According to sources, Emilio may also take over as the director of the film's behind-the-scenes.
Similarly, in the USATF LA Grand Prix 2023, Parul Chaudhary finished in 9:29.51 to win the title. She finished fourth with her previous record of 9:3
This shows that there has been a lot of failure in the project,” said Bernard.
According to Bah Metbah, the people have demanded that there be a change to allow the national party to rule in the upcoming elections.
Besides, this does not mean that there are no doctors working but they are working but they are on contract or temporarily appointed according to the 3F. “The MMSRB will prepare everything to conduct the recruitment of doctors and it has been decided to complete it within two or three months,” he said. .
“I was born 'to serve' so I will continue to serve while I am alive on earth, but now in my old age, I can no longer enter the remote villages of Ri Bhoi. “I will continue to serve as long as I can, either by telephone or by meeting with the authorities,” said Dr.DD Lapang.
He said the National Fish Development Board has already released T.47 lakh for the construction of the market.
Regarding these rape by Assam government officials in the area, Bah Hercules Suting and his members have submitted a letter of complaint to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Kong RM Kurbah. The District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District can take action against these illegal activities by the people from the Forest of Assam.
The meaning of many of the terms contained in this law are incomprehensible to the public, as they are highly technical and scientific terms, which confuse even the scholars who are not part of this law. you kind of work.
After the game, awards were distributed to the Pastors and Officers by the Chief Guest and others.
The former EM of KHADC said that with the intention of wasting more money on the Council, Bah Ardent has also dismissed nine employees on the grounds that the Council does not have enough money. and he appointed 12 of his own men.
Also inform the ambulances to provide treatment to the victim.
All three militants were killed by French commandos, including one in a shop east of Paris, and two brothers who attacked and killed people at the Charlie Hebdo office.
To pass laws without consent affects the foundation of Parliament.
However, since the start of the mining, children have suffered from rheumatism, ring kyllut ears and adults who have suffered from physical illnesses.
He said that the party has held a meeting on Tuesday and all the candidates including the candidates from Garo Hills have expressed their confidence to win from the constituencies. air.
“According to the agreement, we have to renew it every year with the government,” he said, adding that the government will consider if the management is adequate and can continue to hand over.
The Khasi-Pnar people are proud of their rule of law which has been inherited from their ancestors.
When this water has dried up, only the substance that is water remains on the leaf, just pour the water on the leaf.
Through the ASHA payment application, the ASHA employee can apply for salary through mobile smartphone, laptop, desktop or with the help of PHC accountants to do it online and send it to the Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANM).
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shibun said that Kovind will arrive in the state on the 7th to campaign for the MLA elections. The NDA candidate has been confirmed and more than 12 candidates have been confirmed so far.
In such a case, it’s those at the bottom who usually pay most for the use of the space.
The Garo Hills Progressive Alliance (GHPA) has confirmed the nomination of Conrad as Chief Executive Member (CEM) on March 16, Williamnagar MDC Denang Sangma has been sworn in as CEM on 21st March
Of course I understand that this has affected many religious people.
The EC will take a decision to remove those Dolloi who have completed and also those Dolloi who have decided to continue collecting revenue through the gates they have set up from Rattacherra, Mookyndur, Dawki, Saphai and Khanduli. .
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (PWD) Sohra, which includes three blocks, Shella, Laitkroh Khatarshnong and Pynursla Block, on Tuesday met with the Executive Engineer PWD Roads. Sohra Division, on the ongoing roads to be completed on time.
In terms of agriculture, nearly 100/100 of the Nongmukroh live on agriculture: the most important agriculture is rice, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, soybeans, soybeans, jhur, Phandieng, Shriew and planting trees to grow forests because the soil in this Pnar area is fertile and the forests are growing quickly. Assam and earlier the KNV and UPDS killed six Nongmukroh about 20 years ago on the forest road.
There are also those who say that if you are infected with the water, you will be positive until all the people are confused.
After the shooting of the film, the state government has started to improve the road in the area, said the residents of Laitlum.
Speaking to media, the President of the CoRP, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the party has visited these border villages in Jirang Constituency. The people of Nongwah Mawtamur want to stay in Meghalaya and as we have found or met with the village leaders, it is clear that Nongwah Mawtamur belongs to Meghalaya.
Other Ministers who have agreed to resign immediately after the government's approval of Telangana are K Sambasiva Rao (Textiles), K Chiranjeevi (Tourism), D Purandeswari (MoS Commerce) and Killi Kruparani. MoS IT and Communications).
Police in West Jaintia Hills District have conducted an investigation and identified the suspects involved in the assault and attempted murder of the Waheh Shnong of Maskut.
“On the other hand, Dr. Sangma has denied the claim of Bah Hek that the party leader has invited him to join the BJP. world to find solutions and TMC is doing the same.
After the arrest of these two persons, the police of Pilangkata Outpost under the leadership of Nurul Islam as OC of Pilangkata Outpost have also raided the place where these batteries were stored. Byrnihat, Amtola Assam, but police have not found him after a man was taken to another place, and police are still searching for the owner of the place after he fled. Now.
On the other hand, Bah Sally Ryngkhlem said that the people of East Jaintia Hills strongly oppose the government's decision on the grounds that Assam is still suffering from the spread of the corona virus. Therefore, the people of the area from the Sengbhalang will stand together to protest against the government's decision to import coal from Assam.
Alexander Laloo Hek, Minister of State for Home Affairs, said that as the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-2.0) government has come to power, all the political parties in the government are to start the Common Minimum Program (CMP).
He said that the traffic jam in Shillong has been high for many hours and that it is less “the shortage and traffic jam is due to the fact that vehicles leave the road at the same time and only during these hours. hours of heavy traffic.
When asked about Prestone's statement to the HYC leaders that the Cabinet will go to Delhi to look into the demand for ILP, Dr Ampareen, who is also the spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, said: He said that this will have to wait for the statement of the Prime Minister who is currently in Delhi to discuss the matter.
The bai court will be taken by my son.
Corinthians fans, after they didn't like the way Luan played, attacked him and seriously injured him, which happened in Sao Paulo.
One of the roads that Rupang has found is the road markhap with Shnong Klangrin WKHD, where the well supporting the road has collapsed due to the heavy rainfall and if you make a mistake, the road will collapse. beit to the long parts.
The backwardness of the State in terms of education, roads, roads, or health, if we talk about the truth, is the lack of attention of the Government.
The RSS rally started at 8.30 pm and ended at 11.00 pm.
It is also the day when the number of new cases has risen to 100,0
The Election Commissioners in the State have left for their respective polling stations which have reached 3419 polling stations across the state.
Commenting on the resignation of the Censor Board, Leela Samson said, “I don't even know her name and how can I know the reason for her resignation.
KSU War Jaintia Circle congratulates the leading office bearers of the District; Samla Leningrad Tariang, Narpuh Circle, Khliehriat Circle, Jowai Circle and various units of War Jaintia Circle who attended the ceremony said in a statement. General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Thomas Lew Syiem, Rangbah Shnong Umden, Lucia Malai President Umden Women's Association, Benedict Maiong President Youth Association, Youth Association Susana Syngkli and other children of Umden area.
The deadline for receipt of application forms is 15th November
The speaker or trainer is an elder who is a leading officer and who is highly respected by all whether they are women's groups, youth groups and elders of the church.
Kiba bun is three steps away.
The BBMP has not done anything regarding the crossing of the roads.
According to the Minister, many opportunities were discussed during the meeting with the central government official.
The day when these two teams played for the final was indeed a day for the bowlers.
Those who opposed him were arrested and imprisoned.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: One driver of an Alto 800 has lost his life and two others have been seriously injured in a collision between an Alto 800 and a Mahindra Supro. The incident occurred on the Shillong By-pass at Bhoirymbong Village.
“The NFNS, the group representing the state-demanding and small states, has a special relationship with Garoland and Nikman Ch.
“My driver is inside the car.
Sometimes there is a murder just because of the New Year's Eve.
Shillong, Jymmang 30: Thousands of people from all over the Sohra area today flocked to Laitryngew to attend a public meeting convened by the Joint Action Committee (JAC) to protest against the decision. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of iong.
On the other hand, the State Government will hold another meeting to discuss whether to abolish the odd and even number running so that the commercial taxis can operate as usual.
Parking lots are located at Madan Iew Rynghep, St. Edmund's College, MIIT Brookdene, St.Margareth's Convent, St.Mary's Convent, St.Anthony's H/S School Mini Stadium, Christ King College, Don Bosco Technical School. , Loreto School Parking Lot (Hopkinson Road) and Malki Square.
The Ïatreilang Village Organization was established on 8th November 2021 and to date the VO includes 5 SHGs along with 3 special SHGs including 2 SHGs of the elderly under 60 years of age and one SHG of the disabled and the VO has contributed many activities in the community since bringing cleanliness to the village. Jayson S Mawlong MLA Umsning, Macdalyne S Mawlong MDC Umsning, BDO Umsning were also present at the 1st Anniversary Celebration of VO. C&RD Block, Raja Brahma, AB Warjri, Rangbah Shnong of Nongdewsaw, Sonia Lapang President of VO Partnership, members of VOs and SHGs, members and youth of Nongdewsaw Village and other elders.
Shillong, November 28: In the midst of the global crisis due to the loss of old currency, there has been no impact on the Rupang poor charity Shlem. The poverty rate has increased and the number of poor people who have taken part in this annual assistance to the poorest of the poor has increased.
In view of the increase in the number of cases, the central government has directed the states to be vigilant.
He said that the faces of these robbers are very beautiful to look at and from the conversation it is understood that they have killed 3 or 4 people while others said that they have been identified as robbers who do not and I was afraid to look at them.
“The NCERT books are better than the MBoSE books, but the implementation is urgent.
The Northeast Adventist University, Khliehtyrshi on Friday celebrated World PT Day or Physiotherapy Day to promote the importance of physiotherapists to ensure that people are healthy and fit.
After leaving the UDP, Reming said that the UDP will not be able to win at all in Mawkynrew. “Before I joined the UDP in 2007, the UDP had only I collected 300 votes until she won,” he said.
He also urged to set up a PWD Sub-Division for Laitlyngkot area and to set up a Police Outpost at Mawjrong to provide closer and more efficient services to the people of Sohra area.
“We don’t threaten the public with a gun.
Shillong: The state government has decided to reopen three tourist attractions which have been closed since the outbreak of coronavirus.
We will meet again to discuss this issue,” he said.
Daplang reminds us not to forget to bring a digital camera to take pictures.
The closure of the dewbilat factories in Narpuh area due to the curfew imposed by the central and state governments due to Covid19, has once again brought back the beauty and splendor of the Lukha River as it was before .
Speaking at the 8th Biennial Conference of the All Rabha Students Union (ASU) held at Manikganj, North Garo Hills, he said, “The dream of (L) PA Sangma has come true. and it shall be a pride unto the people.
The Covid 19 team of the Riwar Mihngi Truck Owners and Drivers Association, the Riwar Mihngi Exporters and Importers Association and the owners of the Pynursla Civil Sub have been working hard on the parking lot.
When we look at both sides, we need to control ourselves to destroy the power of evil.
Those who work in the field of history in the future will say that in the past nine years as Prime Minister Duh, while Narendra Modi has tried to streamline the recruitment of government jobs by introducing regular Rozgar Melas and introducing changes such as the elimination of interviews to ensure transparency in the recruitment process, on the other hand he has shown the country other opportunities Non-governmental sector through the promotion of StartUps which has led to a 300 percent increase in the number of StartUps to nearly 1 lakh in the country, more than 100 Unicorns and India's rise to the rank of 3 in the startup industry in the world.
Before handing over these trees, a short meeting was held where the Waheh Shnong E.Lyngdoh welcomed the members of the Union and some members of the village from the Secretary P.Lamare and u Chairman of the Environmental Committee of the Village.
However, (we have to wait), because even the news of covid 19, the newspapers from Shillong, have to copy from the online news and television channels from Assam and perhaps these information, which is detailed. These patients, too, may be able to spread the news of Assam.
Shillong: The State Legislative Assembly will start from 6th November 2019 and will last for only seven days.
The problem arises when thinking about how to maintain and grow water and firewood.
Many of them said that if the party doesn't have intellectuals, the party will remain a child and will soon collapse even if it celebrates its Golden Jubilee on 10/11/2
After this, the patient was rushed to the ICU without the knowledge of the relatives.
In order to ensure the flow of funds into the capital market, the increase in the surcharge introduced by the Finance (No.2) Act, 2019 will not apply to capital gains. the sale of an equity share in a company or unit of equity or a unit of a business trust for transaction tax purposes, in terms of people, HUF, AOP, BOI and AJP.e.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government is ready to build a large park at Golfilink, which will not affect only one person. trees that are not there now.
“The spread of false stories has a serious impact on the society and has caused fear among the victims.
And, behold, I am with you alway, even unto the end of the world.
Other civil society organizations including JSU, FKJGP, MPUF, JYF, JSM left to lay flowers, while in the evening a shooting ceremony was held at the square (Madiah Kmai Blai) On the other hand, the chief guest also launched a booklet written by RQ Laloo entitled “U Kiang Nangbah”. , the day was enriched by dramas and special songs.
It is surrounded by things that no longer build up the community.
To address this, the Government has enacted the Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) 1980 for six months.
Therefore, it is necessary that as members of IVCS and the general public, they should cooperate in all aspects so that the planning of the activities will be carried out smoothly and successfully.
He said that those who died were between the ages of 20 to 50 years old and the older ones were chronically ill and the younger ones were not previously ill.
He said that their choice to join the government shows that there has been a prior agreement but if they say they cannot, why don't they sit in the opposition.
He is a man who has produced good and clean fruit in the past in his ministry.
Laitmawhing SC beat Mawrohroh Sports Club 2-1 in the tie-breaker after the match on Saturday. Saitjaiñ at Tyrsad Stadium ended the match with 10 goals.
Sejal Raut and Daïaka Warjri scored 45 runs for the loss of three wickets.
“What is that cooperation they say, is it by force,” said the Seng.
He also admitted that many people have now forgotten that they have cast their votes just because they love the party's election song.
Sohra, July 04: After 40 years as a Civil Sub Division, Sohra will become a District on the 5th of this month. Rangbah and other government ministers will visit Sohra to declare Sohra District.
The HYC and HANM also asked the government where these food items go? Does the District Administration have any information about the incident in Ranikor? and the police station in Ranikor why didn't you work until you agreed with the BSF to stop the vehicles and search these vehicles.
The circle leaders also said that these students, especially the women, are a bad example for the indigenous people, because they smoke cigarettes in their mouths without respecting the leaders.
Jowai: Four members of the MPUF have been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police on Tuesday near Wapung village.
Regarding the Internet network, the Union Minister initially declined to comment on the issue of national security as the North East is surrounded by Bhutan, China, Nepal, Myanmar and Bangladesh.
The first camera was shot by Jessie Lyngdoh, the second camera was by Sammy Lyngdoh and the editor was Jessie Lyngdoh.
According to Singla, the goal is to reduce these illegal activities in the district, and they have sought the assistance and support of the village headmen and village chiefs to conduct public awareness programs on this.
Milancy Khongstia (jersey 12) was awarded the Man of the Match award by Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the Union of Village Elders, Ri-Bhoi.
According to the death toll, as of Tuesday morning, the death toll includes seven men and three women.
More than 260 youths from 24 Balang Shnongs under the Parish Ladrymbai attended the event.
In a statement signed by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, General Secretary of the Seng, it was said that during the meeting between the Seng leaders and the Prime Minister on 13th November The Expert Committee has almost completed and all that remains is to elect the Chairman.
There is no unity, there is no respect for leaders, there is no wise man who knows everything.
Training can also be provided in other jobs such as building houses, working in hotels or hospitals and others according to the demand of the area.
Other speakers on the occasion were Rikut.
Climate change is from me and you, because we do these things to destroy the environment we don't think and we don't care about its existence, God created us human beings here on earth to build a country to take care of its resources and give us the power to use its resources as we need, but we human beings don't know how to use them, and we don't know how to money, and we don't use it according to our needs, we want it, and we don't have enough, this has caused us to fall into great trouble and danger, especially for future generations. I tell you that in my vision and understanding the change of nature is from me and from you my dear friends, that we will die all these things, nature is sad and crying because of you we have destroyed it, and sometimes there has been a rise in anger and wrath against us human beings, and for that reason it has caused us to suffer many troubles and sufferings.
He said they need to get approval from the Government and asked them to meet with Government officials and SDOs to take action.
The Meghalaya TMC North Shillong Constituency through its president said, “The people of the state will give a proper answer to the issues they face in this government, because they The people of the state are wise and intelligent, they will do what is necessary in the upcoming elections by rejecting or defeating the NPP-led government”.
Therefore, the VPP invites the public to come and listen to the explanations of the party and the dates of the meetings will be announced later, said the statement.
Moroccan and Spanish aid teams have been working hard to find those who are still alive and those who are still trapped inside the collapsed houses in the fields, especially in the high-altitude villages. was badly affected by the earthquake.
Lotha said that after his victory, Mukul Sangma sent Laskar, but if Dr. Mukul Sangma really respects Meghalaya, he should accept it. “Journalists, religious leaders, political parties are the perfect platform to organize our debate,” said Lotha.
Shillong:The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) which held its meeting on 12th June 2018 at 3 pm, is pleased that the Government, under the leadership of U The Chief Minister, Shri Conrad Sangma, said that she was ready to respond to the letter from the union to discuss the outstanding issues related to the VAB, Building Bye Laws and others.
The second match will be between Lumshyiap SC and Rangdajied United FC at 12:30 pm. The third match will be between Lah Bet SC and Upper Shillong Colt at 12:30 pm. Shillong, July 21: KSU Mawlai Circle on Tuesday donated a donation to the Motsyiar Grassroots Football Academy. .
He said that the government is now moving forward to implement the CAA and as a small nation we should have love for each other and unity. Country and Nation.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Matsiewdor W Nongbri, on Tuesday said that her office has no information that up to 39 persons have been arrested. Five people attended a wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort, Assam.
Even the leading leaders of the UDP under the leadership of Bah Richard Lyngdoh, General Secretary of Mawhati Sub Circle and his colleagues from the same party have left the party. At the same time, Bah K Phonis Lyngdoh, Adviser of the UDP from Syngku, who is also the Vice President of the UDP, has been appointed as the Vice President of Mawhati Sub Circle. He has been a member of the UDP since the beginning of the UDP party and has left the party to support Bah James Sylliang.
She is mentally retarded.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) is looking for a Social Worker to act as its Spokesperson.
The seven candidates announced by the UDP are Balawan Syiemiong from Jirang, Biolkingstar Timung from Mawhati, Donkupar Sumer from Umsning, David Kharsati, former MDC from Sohryngkham constituency, incumbent MDC Bah Teinwell Dkhar from Shella constituency and Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat constituency.
He and only he is willing to die on the cross.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) today said it has seized a large quantity of heroin worth thousands of crores of rupees.
And when I say that, I don't mean that all the Khasi are ri thlen, but there are some ri thlen.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the team from US&TM for providing 4 days training to them.
His relatives have tried their best to help him and have also blamed the aid agencies for their delay in helping him in time.
Nongpoh: The Hima Khyriem and the Raid Iapngar have decided to establish a full Syiem and Lyngdoh within the Raid Iapngar. and the misunderstanding between the Kur Lyngdoh, the Kur which has the right to elect the Syiem and Lyngdoh in the Raid.
The State has also received its first electric train in 2023 which is the Bongaingaon-Dudhnoi-Mendipathar.
One of the Signs of the Last Days is Wisdom.
He also thanked the state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma for their support in this regard.
It is to be recalled that on 22nd November 2022, five people and one Forest Guard of Assam were shot dead by the Assam Police in Mukroh. .
The main objective of the event was to raise awareness among the public and also to involve the workers of various churches to work for the welfare of the community in the areas. rural areas of the state – which are also the areas where illegal poppy cultivation is widespread.
It means that people will learn to prepare for their present lives.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said, “We have developed this program to encourage and open up opportunities for singers to get involved in the tourism industry.
According to Sunni law, the inheritance shall go to those children born, as well as to relatives who have not been given a written consent by the father.
The Rangbah Shnongs who attended the meeting included from Mawkhar, led by Dr.BPS Roy from Mawklot, Laitmynsaw, Nongrim Hills, Umlyngka and other places.
The Parom says that Sajar Nangli had a beautiful daughter who was the most beautiful of all the women of the Hima.
He said that the present government is trying to improve the condition of schools and educational institutions where the cess collected from the land resources has been allocated for education. which the previous governments did not use in schools but was spent on other departments.
Nongstoiñ, March 25: The cyclone 'Erngit Sitrang', which has been going on for two days, has destroyed rice and crops in many villages in West Khasi Hills. until the damage has really affected the farmers, who are now barely preparing for the harvest season.
Lajong and Mawlai have no hope of reaching the final but they have to play well in the 2nd leg on July
“Developed countries can do this because the income of the people has increased while we still have many challenges and therefore we will have to be careful if we decide to raise taxes and to urge the public not to use older vehicles anymore," he said.
Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, expressed his personal opinion on the struggle of the youth in the State in the face of unemployment.
“According to this Work Order, it shows that the Prime Minister's vote is more for the candidate of North Shillong and a copy of this Work Order has been sent to Bah Ransom Sutnga from Mawkhar as an information,” he said. said.
He said that the increase in crime especially the use of drugs by the youth has caused a serious problem in the society and as citizens we should have a responsibility to curb such crimes. bad.
People today, from children to adults, no longer have good manners, except for a few who have good manners.
“I had a talk with the UDP leaders to contest from the UDP, the President of the UDP invited me to talk to him at his residence for this but this failed because at that time the The UDP has also talked to Prestone Tynsong, the Chief Secretary to the Pynursla MLA, to contest from the UDP,” said Don Massar.
“The Congress MLAs who will leave include Rowell Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong, Nartiang MLA, Nartiang MLA, Ngaitlang Dhar Umroi MLA and PN Syiem. (MLA Mawkyrwat) who has been suspended for three years.
On the other hand, she also informed the Minister that they need to provide treatment through this AYUSH department. ensure that the public is able to access treatment for their illnesses.
“In the Information Technology (IT) sector, we have been able to launch a call center that can accommodate up to 3,000 people in the last five years and a Business Process Outsourcing (BPO) IT park.
Shillong: The Chief Leader of the Revolution for the Defense of the Country, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit today expressed his support for the demand for the appointment of an independent commission of inquiry into the incident. MeECL and also to remove the Minister of Electricity James PK Sangma.
The AKHAF also requested the Prime Minister to repair the road connecting Mawpyllun in South West Khasi Hills District and Maheskola in South Garo Hills District. on 16th and 17th July 2022 that the Minister will direct the department to improve this road.
Bah Hamlet also thanked the village headmen who have donated the land for the construction of this school, the headmasters and teachers of Lyngkien Mylliem Government LP School who have worked together to make this school a reality. desire of the people for many years now.
This is the 113th Shad Suk Mynsiem held by the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie at Madan Weiking which ended on the first day.
Speaking to media, Dr War said the meeting was to direct all hospitals to work together to avoid a tragic incident like the one at Ganesh Das Hospital.
“We don't agree with this and the EC will now sit down to think what should be done on this,” said the CEM of KHADC. overthrow the old EC.
Prayers for them, for the good of the soil, for the supply of water and for the health of the body of Bei Rymaw.
The Milk Parlor is located at the entrance to the office of the District Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Officer, Mynthong, Jowai.
This has stirred up the spirit of the people of Jaintia Hills despite being considered as one of the major tribes or the leading tribe since the independence of the State.
He said that due to the lack of respect of the party, they had to leave it.
Now the most important thing is to prepare the Main Stadium and other smaller stadiums and the Games Village, and to provide all the necessary facilities.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Hundreds of office bearers of the AMPSTA from Garo Hills, Jaintia Hills and Khasi Hills under the leadership of Bah FC Shullai, General Secretary, visited the AMPSTA. Meeting with the Director of School Education and Literacy on 21st June, at the Director's Chamber.
I hope the Houses will give women a chance in politics,” she said.
While the teachers of the middle schools were protesting for the salary increase along with the GO, a group of activists for the rights of Ramar Pandian, who was recently killed, They demanded that a fair trial should be held and that the robbers involved in this murder should be punished.
According to Hollywood reports, the film has been scheduled to shoot on the 1st of January.
In the Category 8 match between PFR Team B and PFR Soccer Camp, the match ended in a 2-2 draw.
Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills Pravin Bakshi welcomed the participants.
Furthermore, in the past few days, the union has received a complaint from the public regarding the behavior of Dr. Bniat who works at the hospital, where he comes to work only for half an hour or less than 10 hours. shisngi because he tried to get to his clinic.
At the same time, he said that there are still other MLAs from other parties who can join the NPP but they have not yet taken a final decision and they will do so soon.
She said that if a mother is already infected with AIDS before she gives birth, the virus can enter the baby.
The order from the DC's office also clarifies that cyber cafes, gaming parlours, cinema halls and lottery counters are not allowed to open.
Sheba – 8281178504, Dr.Sr.
“We are very sorry that the rice which we have cultivated for many months has collapsed and it will cause a huge loss to us farmers,” said many farmers.
In appreciation of his service, the CoRP held a ceremony to honor him at a function held at Umsning on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the KMSS demands that the Indian government should repeal the Act.
It is to be recalled that the JSU has demanded from the Government from time to time on these three basic needs for the life and death of our Jaitbynriew but the Government has not listened at all. The Blood Bank is full of unused equipment and the Ialong Civil Hospital has almost turned into a house of unused equipment. sha you for.
B.R.DiengdohAs one of the residents of Sohra and a member of the Nongsawlia Church, I am sorry if I do not continue to explain to all those who have been misled by the news published in the newspaper, where I Prof. SS Majaw at one of the memorial services for Thomas Jones, which said “That the Nongsawlia Church is not the first in Khasi and Jaintia”.
The formation of the government by the NPP, which is joined by other parties like the UDP, HSPDP, PDF, BJP and Independent Leaders, has reached 45 members in the 59-member House.
He concluded by saying that their main goal is to enroll the children in other public schools so that they can get adequate education. not only those with disabilities but also those with disabilities do not have the opportunity to go to school.
“I hope that the existence of this stadium will produce many new talents who will lead the district to the National and International Level in football,” said Kyrmen and called for cooperation to improve the district. There is still a great need for assistance especially to cooperate in the development of tourism in the District so that the unemployed youth can support their families through tourism.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, today said that the district authorities are still following up with the authorities of the hospital in Guwahati where Bisheshwar Das was admitted.
“It is for reasons unthinkable that the Minister of Home Affairs has not been able to take action on the information received related to the corruption of the former government. .
Speaking to reporters, the village leaders said that the man used to intimidate and deceive the children.
After more than a month of voting, there has been a lot of speculation from the people about the victory or defeat of the candidates they support, and with only four days left to announce the results, they have been quick to announce who they have elected. .
First of all, the State of Assam should eliminate the tendency to attack, but to be brave and courageous.
“Leave what happens.
The funeral service will be held at the Mukhla Catholic Cemetery.
Rimaya Manar, Principal Khad Ar Doloi Law College Jowai, said that in its 33 years of service, the college has produced many dignitaries from Jaintia Hills. good pass of Sawaka.
Because the list itself will have more than 40 thousand voters and more than 1 lakh residents.
Bah Treiborlang R Suchen, Member of JACAUHEP, said that the speech of the Minister of Electricity, shows that the state government itself has two opinions, one to proceed with the project but They are still discussing the MOU signed in 2012 or 2013 with Jaypee Group.
“I am trying to complete this process as soon as possible, so that before the end of June, 12-lakh metric tonnes of coal can be auctioned,” he added.
The border market has been closed since the outbreak of COVID-1
The 26 opposition parties on Tuesday announced the formation of a new coalition called the Indian National Developmental Inclusive Alliance (INDIA) to fight against the party. The decision to form the INDIA was taken at a meeting of the 26 parties in Bengaluru, Karnataka.
The proverb of Aesop warns us that 'children are afraid of their parents.
The driver of the vehicle (AS 12Z 7069) from Katigorah Cachar district was also arrested.
Police allowed only Bah Roykupar Synrem to enter Sardar PS while the other members waited outside the police station.
However, dozens and hundreds of trucks have been transported from this state to other states.
The Jaintia Dorbar is one of the oldest Sengs in Jaintia Hills for more than 100 years.
The Deputy Commissioner said that as usual, the appointment period has been extended when there are vacancies.
They used to say that when the horses fight, the plants (people) die who don't know the loss of heaven and earth.
On the spread of news in these days, Bah Mayborn said that what happens as a person is to face accusations, but he will not hesitate to serve the people.
“This time, we will win up to 34 seats and more than that,” said Prestone.
He also urged the Government to set up Computer Training Centers run by the Government as many of those who have learned have to go abroad for training as there is no place in the state for training. .
Speaking to the media, she said that strangers can accuse her of being evil.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: The Umkiang Youth Association of Umkiang Village has demanded the relocation of the mobile phones in Umkiang Village from Vodafone, BSNL and Aircel which are standing unnecessarily in the village.
Shillong, July: Dinet Manik Syiem Higher Secondary School has celebrated World Environment Day on the 4th of this month with the participation of students and teachers.
Those in government quarantine facilities are 47, those in home quarantine facilities are 98 and those who have entered the state so far are 80,8
The Government has handed over to the State Legal Services Authority to investigate the matter and after receiving the opinion of the Court, it will conduct an investigation whether it is true or not and if it is true, I will release the money to the poor.
The students who received this award were selected by the KSU Shilliang Myntang Circle.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Barak Valley Circle on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the issue of 100,0 This is to welcome all the Khasi students who come to study for the first time in Silshar.
According to Kwistilda Lyngdoh Marshillong, sister of Bah Piousding Lyngdoh Marshilong, on Friday, July 10, at about 4 pm, several people were arrested. Five young men from the village came to her house and asked her why she had gone to farm in the village land.
Jowai: This pond is located between the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and the Unitarian Church of Jowai, near the National Highway.
Jerusalem, November 07: The war between Israel and Hamas could create jobs for Indians.
The Jews had now received the Messiah they wanted, and now they were looking forward to the third Temple.
According to a letter to the Deputy Commissioner signed by the Vice President of the EJNC, Bah Ency Shadap, the EJNC has said that according to the announcement of the District Rural Development Agency (DRDA). 2022/5) has invited applications for the post of Junior Engineer and Lower Division Assistant (LDA) in Lumshnong C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills District. Division Assistant (LDA), as the DRDA requires those who have less than two years of experience in the field. are those who do not have any skills due to lack of jobs whether it is government jobs or any private jobs, and this will lead to many applicants not having any job skills according to This will affect the job seekers who have completed their education who are eligible to apply for government jobs and who are entitled to get government jobs. jobs within the district who are not yet experienced and who have qualified to apply for this job.
There have been 532 new cases of COVID-19 in the country and four deaths on Friday.
When I preach in church sometimes, I don't use the words, 'Brothers' or 'fellow Christians', but I use the words, 'Friends', the reason is, if I say, 'brothers and sisters' I know that in their faith it does not agree with my faith.
On the allegations that some AITC MLAs will join other parties before the 2023 MLA elections, Dr Manas said, “I don't know about this.
“The Minister said that the government will soon be able to develop policies that will benefit all state government departments, central school offices or companies in the state to provide assistance according to the average price. to the merchants of the village.
He said the NPP will soon announce its candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The UDP, which came second in the most paid votes, won 11 seats while the PDF won two seats.
“It is time for the Raid and Hima to preserve and have their own Riti Dusturdon, at the same time I urge you from the Sirdar and Raid leaders to work together for the development of the “It's a good idea to have a 'Shad Sajer',” said Bah PN Syiem.
Congress Leader in the State Legislative Assembly Debabrata Saikia marched at Nazira in Sivasagar district where Congress supporters took to the streets to protest against the price hike. gasoline.
Nongstoiñ: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, 15th November, before attending a farmers' meeting in Nongstoiñ, visited Dew Lynnong Nongkhnum with his wife and son.
In my opinion, I find this to be true, if we don't get people who can see the vision of the future, the country and the nation will perish.
Roket was confirmed by the Dy CEM of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem on 23rd July.
Therefore, we must protect, preserve and care for it in the right way, for the sake of our present life and also for the future generations.
Even if they are cooked, they become slim and do not taste like those in other rivers.
The bridge has been closed after the PWD officials have confirmed that the bridge is no longer safe to walk on, as it is too old and too old. to avoid any inconvenience the branch has decided to close down until it is renovated.
The General Meeting will be held on the 28th at 11 am at IB Dangar and the members of the BPF are requested to attend the meeting. they shall arrive without fail for the smooth running of the affairs of the organization.
In the next match, Ladrymbai Dongwah SC beat Tongseng Youth SSC 3-0 in a 1-0 draw between Ladrymbai Dongwah SC and Tongseng Youth SSC. Kimingson Rymbai scored in the 10th and 36th minutes and Johnsmill Amkhloo scored in the 13th minute.
The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Mukul Sangma, has slammed the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, for their lack of knowledge in running the The state is in such a difficult time.
He caught 97 kilos of fish from Wah Umngot near the village.
They also informed that they will wait until they receive information from the CEM after he returns to Delhi as he has promised to call them as soon as they receive information from Delhi. date to meet him again and this may be a few or many.
God said call Jesus to that sacrifice and I will tell you.
Childline Coordinator Mandakini Nongtdu said that Childline has offices in East and West Jaintia Hills.
The President of JSU Shillong Circle, Treiborlang R Suchen, said that it has recently received information that some BSF personnel in Tripura have tested positive for COVID-1
No trace of the Nangbah clan was found at that time and later it was learned that there were clans from Jaraiñ and Lamin who were descendants of Kiang Nangbah.
They drowned since 15th July 2013 and were found at 8 pm in the same area with the help of four divers from the same area. region.
U Bah Lyngdoh said that as the residents of this area, they have been facing many problems due to the small size of the road where they have to face traffic jams for hours. street.
Shortly after their Exodus from Egypt, the children of Israel came into great distress and anxiety because their journey to freedom seemed to be coming to an end.
“We from the union have received information from the residents that Assam government officials have visited a place in Langpih Nongmynsaw Syiemship village known as Umsynrieh, which is under Umsohram Langpih. “It's the private property of Bines Syiem Nongbah,” said President Russfulson Wanniang.
The death toll has risen to 830, bringing the total to 76,3
The Congress party has reacted to Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks in the media.
Now I can't stand it anymore.
The Jews knew him well but did not believe or accept Jesus as the Messiah they were waiting for.
“Since the time of the former Syiem, we have issued an order to clean up the market but until now there has been no change, the Mylliem Hima has not done anything, it is the duty of the Hima to clean up when it collects taxes. said Hadrian.
“Until today, I have not received any information that they have come to report this incident in Khasi Jaintia,” said the Pastor.
They also said that this 10 year training project has not only improved their skills but has also opened the door for them to witness in different places.
The prize money for the winner of the First Division is T.31000/-, the runner up is T.16,000/- and for the Second Division is T.19000/-. for the winner and T.10,000/- for the runner-up and in the Third Division, T.13,000/- for the runner-up and T.7000/- for the runner-up.
“On the other hand, the Pastor incharge, Rev. Jelningstar Wanniang, said that some of the items were damaged in the incident.
During the meeting, the Meitei leaders of Mizoram expressed their gratitude to the YMA, student union leaders and community groups. community who are willing to understand and support the Meitei people who have come to take refuge in Mizoram.
Police have been deployed in every place to check the donors and receivers or those who threaten the voters.
“The PCF is a group that wants me to contest the MP election,” he said.
He said: “As soon as I turned 14, I realized I had athletic ability.
He said that the registration of government employees according to the rules that have been introduced in the Service Rule recently is the government's intention to enslave them.
The SKRS will soon meet with the Rangbah Shnongs and residents of 22 villages on the border of Block II and demand that these villages should fall under Meghalaya.
On Friday, Hamletson inspected the SMB office opposite the residence of Dr Mukul Sangma.
In his speech, u Bah Kitborlang said that when it comes to raising the issues of the villages to be transferred from one constituency to another, it is still very difficult because as it is now that South West Khasi Hills Hills District has only two large and wide constituencies but as it is well known that the process of Amendment to the 6th Schedule has reached the Central Government where the people have a strong support. look forward to this work.
In the Recurve mixed team category, Mukesh Tamang and Navidisha Kapoor won silver medals.
So they all got up early on the day that Kni and Bhalang left.
Travis, who has been walking around the streets of Japan, said that people have not looked at him at all and this shows that they have not recognized him.
Various Response Teams from the Ministry of Health, Police, Fire Brigade, the public and especially those teams trained in this field to provide training from the Ministry of Disaster Management took part. in various rooms how to help or react if there are people who are affected or injured during the earthquake.
The 19th of June, 2023, will be a memorable day because after many years, billions of people have come from near and far to gather near the Secretariat which is the highest office of the government in the state.
But Kim Jong Un, the dictator of North Korea, has his own war against covid and that is, he has decided to fight against the parrots.
“Dr. Bishnoi said that the police have collected a lot of information from the scene of the incident which shows that the incident was caused by the incident. Not only that, but it was also learned that there was a distribution of money one day before the meeting.
He said that the Council will not rest to close down any shops of foreigners who trade in heritage without proper permits from the District Council.
I want to clarify that my post on facebook is not as if I want to mislead but what made me write is about the phone of my mother who lives with my brother. I don't want to mention the names of those who live in Myiong who is the Rangbah Shnong and Mawsohmad.
However, because the relatives of Bah Ktri had said that their father wanted them to be buried in that place and he did not accept any religion, they buried him in that place. he said, said Mrs. Kharshiing.
He urged the farmers to expand their agriculture and to take agriculture as a source of income to increase their income and the state.
He said that after receiving the order from the party to support the NPP candidates in the state, and especially in his constituency, he has ordered all the BJP supporters to support as directed by the party. headquarters in Delhi.
The HSPDP has demanded this seat and claims that it is its share.
In the match between SCA and Ri Bhoi, Ri Bhoi won the toss and elected to score 64/10 in 18 overs.
This happened at about 10 am this morning outside their house.
Therefore, even the 12 of us have consulted well before leaving the Congress even though there are still five members who have not come with us.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawlai Circle today expelled six foreigners who worked as day laborers at the FCI office and also expelled the owner of the canteen at the office. I have a canteen in the office.
In this regard, the party leadership did not comment on Rahul's visit.
Leaders, MLAs and MDCs of the UDP today came to accompany Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah, who came to file his nomination papers for the UDP candidate for the upcoming Sohiong election. on January 10, 2023.
The Under-17 Independence Day Cup Football Tournament (WJDSA) has reached the quarter final after the second and pre-quarter finals of the tournament ended on Tuesday. .
He said that the Council has arranged that the tender for the management of the tourist spot will be called by tender in which the villagers will be allowed first.
Meanwhile, 32-year-old Warjri from Lumdiengjri, who decided to join Bah Nongrum, said, “I am with Bah Nongrum on this issue because I feel the same way as he does.
There were no more mourners, no mourners, no comforters, no helpers, but the dead bodies were left there.
Nongpoh, July 19: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District has issued a notice to all the residents of Ri Bhoi District. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced the date of the election for the new Legislative Assembly for the year 2023 which will be held on 27th June The Model Code of Conduct has come into force from the date of the announcement of the election.
The Constitution of India has been amended more than 100 times.
“Relatives should no longer hesitate to come forward and report if any of their relatives are involved in drug trafficking by going to the village to meet to solve the problem,” he said. all the women's organizations, villages, youth organizations to fight against this evil"
“We need to move step by step from Block level, District level, NPYF and State level, this is the constituency that the party wants to win,” he said.
PT Sawkmie said how it happens only in Them Metor, while in this state there are other ethnic groups like Biharis and others but only the Punjab government has shown mercy to its people.
It may also be recalled that when the filmmakers together with the police raided the shops selling Khasi films, they arrested about four smugglers of Khasi films and songs.
On the other hand, Ms. Ridian Syiem, Member of Mawlong Nongtluh IVCS, expressed her gratitude to the Basin Department for these blessings. The farmers have been able to buy these jhur seeds at a reasonable price.
It is worth mentioning that during the inspection, the Council also found that almost all the houses built in the area have been destroyed and need to be repaired.
The amendment is to include some of the requirements of the office memorandum, which will be released in a few days.
Bandari Ryntathiang President Central Body CORP in his speech asked why the government has not yet arrested those policemen involved in the shooting incident in Mukroh. In her sleep, she went to shoot dead while she did not want to arrest the police who shot dead four people in Mukroh.
“What else will remain in the state,” said Purno.
Imphal: Two Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel were shot dead and two others seriously injured in an attack by armed men in Naransena area of ​​Bishnupur district in Manipur. early Saturday morning.
On the other hand, the Christian Churches in India have prayed that the light will come to the various leaders, that they will stop hating others and said that the world has suffered a lot, in terms of wealth. Last year, these human rights violations, ethnic differences and those that caused conflict in Europe.
However, what many churches have demanded is that a special session should be called to decide inside the House to repeal the Act.
In the second leg, Shillong College HSS beat Iewrynghep SS 3-1, OM Roy HSS beat Lumpyllun SS 2-0, Tlongumniam SS beat St. John's SS 2-0 Anthony's HSS 1-0 and H.Elias HSS beat Rusa HSS 3-0
We live in an age where it is not right to take the lives of others and to destroy, kill people's lives for personal gain or gain.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Kynsaihunlang Nengnang, President Eastern Zone, Bah Kynsaihunlang Nengnang, President of Fisheries, Ri-Bhoi, RBYF leaders including Samla Kit Kharlukhi. , Spiritual Hinge, Rynghang Revival and others in the presence of Bah Shemphang Rympei Rangbah Shnong and other elders.
According to reports, the Prime Minister was shocked by the protests by the Congress MLAs in the state.
Minister Passah (MPHF) Past President 2021-2
“We will run until we reach the goal in this campaign.
Even in the midst of this busy schedule, he said that he has allocated his time to go into the forests to find herbal medicines to make medicines.
In a statement, the VPP spokesperson, Dr Batskhem Myrboh, said, “Such a lie has devalued the Garo people as if they are the half-headed ones who will steal even what doesn't exist. foundation too.
“As leaders we are working hard and we don't want to lose sight of what we have done but if we look at Amlarem Constituency there is a real change,” said Bah Rymbui.
She said that the Committee will send this recommendation to the Government and it is up to the Government to approve whether to include the issue of reservation policy in the same Committee. Your Roster is not available for any Committee on Reservation Policy.
“The village authority has fulfilled its duty to inform the MeECL authorities and it is its duty to protect the transformer,” said Bah Syngkli. “From now on, it will have to take responsibility if any tragic incident happens inside the village,” he added.
The JCCC has encouraged and will assist these students in preparing for their examinations.
One of these universities is the CMJ University.
At the same time, the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his confidence that the project will be completed on time next year.
Recently, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, has recognized Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA Mylliem from the Congress, as the Leader of Opposition.
On Prestone Tyngsong's statement that the government has no intention of allocating land to the CRPF, Kharlyngdoh said that we will not believe the statements of the leaders because the people of Mawlai will believe until the CRPF. that the government has withdrawn the CRPF from Mawlai.
We must make the society free from everything,” said the Governor.
Speaking to media, Bah Marbud said he is fortunate to contest from the Congress party because Mawlai is the seat of the Congress party and this time too they will hold that seat. the Congress.
A loud voice and a height of more than 5 feet.
The residents of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga Village have protested against this proposal after the Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, Ma Womly Chyrmang has issued NOC to the coke factory without the knowledge of the villagers. The residents and the executive committee of the Dorbar Shnong, Jalaphet did not know anything about this and strongly opposed this behavior of the Waheh Chnong.
Shillong, November 4: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) today released the arrear of its employees amounting to T.2.65 crore.
The President's Office is awaiting information from the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya on the decision, which should also be informed to the President's Office.
He urged the people to vote for the BJP so that it will be easier for him to provide adequate services to the people of the state if the BJP government is formed in Meghalaya.
Minister Rangbah Duh also explained his vision for the farmers and workers who receive pension and the youth who take part in the Mudra Yojna to achieve their goals.
The decision came a few days after the Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum (KJCLF) held a special prayer against the government's silence on the demand for the closure of the casino factory. the 2021 MRGA.
Quoting from the speech of the Syiem and Rangbah Shnong Khanapara, he said how can the MDCs in KHADC dare to make such an allegation, because the Raid and Shnong Khanapara, have informed the authorities. However, when the higher authorities could not do anything, but now that the building has been erected, they have been accused of giving permission to build the building on this site.
When asked about his views on the situation in Mawshynrut constituency, he said, “It is one of the most backward constituencies in Meghalaya. I don't think we need a new way of thinking to blame the leader. It's not good because the people are like that. The leader is like that. “It's here that I say that we don't have enough leaders to change this way of thinking which has been changed and remained the same,” said Savio.
He congratulated the Prime Minister's Office for receiving the ambulance.
Then they were taken by vehicle to Shillong or Tura.
He said the main reason for the defeat of the Regional Democratic Party (RDA) candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin was because it had prepared for the elections which started in July.
He said that the government's lack of a policy has caused problems to the people and they don't want to hear the name MUDA anymore.
The payment of T.5,000 to these households will be related to those who have Aadhaar and then the Ru Pay Debit Card will be T.1 lakh.
However, the MGA has worked hard at that time, in which children who are passionate and dedicated to this kind of sport have received online training.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs, Sungoh said, “The JHADC is now in dire straits due to the financial crisis.
The Jaidbynriew has a lot of scholars, researchers and scientists, let them take a major role in writing.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said, “On the demand to hold a special session, the VPP will continue to urge the Government and the VPP will continue to educate the public on the Reservation Policy and the impact of the implementation of the Roster System so that it will get the full support of the people and they will be able to force the government to hold a special session”.
According to reports, the incident occurred only because of the price hike of illegally sold kyaid in a Nepali shop.
The traffic police have arranged that the road from Motphran to Mawlonghat will be a road for only one lane of vehicles and vehicles intending to travel to Mawlonghat from Motphran will no longer be able to travel in this manner. However, only those coming from Mawlonghat will go to Motphran and then go straight to the Jeep Stand and do not have to turn left, police said.
The big question mark (???) is: What kind of people are we as citizens in terms of whatever we do?
Thousands of people from all over Jaintia Hills witnessed the Iadaw Masi Rong while women from different villages in the area came to sell their houses. various kinds of goods from vegetables, fruits and many others and it became a very large market.
However, we are ready to talk about any issue, only through dialogue can it be resolved,” said the Harijan leader.
The suspension of the driver was after a police vehicle number ML02-0026 belonging to him was burnt down at Lawsohtun on 29th November.
Confirming his resignation as PDF leader in Umsning Constituency, Bah Gilbert Nongrum, in the presence of 50 PDF office bearers from units in different villages of Umsning Constituency, also held a meeting. the meeting in Umran.
The sports in which the state did not win medals this time were in badminton, football, volleyball and sepak takraw.
Besides many other speakers, Ms. J.Kharumnuid also told the story of the school since its establishment, the difficulties that the school has faced and its journey through the struggles in the past years. Due to the damage caused by natural disasters and other reasons, there was a case where it was not possible to hold a school but it has been restored as it is now.
At the same time, the statement said that the Supreme Court has also issued interim orders after the hearing and its orders are that the Aadhar Number is only for those who have The desire and will should not be forced or said that it is a salonsar law.
In Italy, too, where the Pope, the head of the Catholic Church, lives in Rome, the Italian government is run by Communists (Fascism).
Dr. Mukul Sangma is currently in Belgium.
They are not born as statesmen but born to take advantage of the rights of the people, to earn money for their own benefit. for their selfishness).
On the other hand, the Mawsynram MLA, after meeting with the farmers, said that the matter will be taken up in the Legislative Assembly to discuss their issues. The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has visited the market and he thinks that there has been a change but it is still the same.
For Shillong constituency, three candidates have applied for ticket including incumbent MP Vincent Pala, John F Kharshiing and Charles Pyngrope.
The Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, PHE officers, school children, village leaders. and other senior citizens.
Shillong, Jymmang, 20: The residents of Sohiong, East Khasi Hills District, have applied for transfer to the newly opened district of the Eastern State Government. West Khasi Hills District.
The fourth is to complete the construction of Iawmusiang which he brought through DoNER during his tenure as MDC JHADC. If successful, he will complete the construction through other schemes.
Besides, Bah Hek has also allocated T.1.00 lakh for the setting up of a Science Laboratory and a computer at the school.
The President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of War Jaintia, Daniel Khongsit, has urged the Waheh Shnongs not to issue syrnod or any documents to prove to foreigners. to avoid future problems and to verify the citizenship of people who have just moved into Amlarem.
However, in Laitlyngkot, instead of being the helpers of the people, the police have been imposing fines without listening to the rights of the drivers.
The trial will be held on the 16th November 2019 at 9:30 am at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
While apologizing, the Director of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Nalin Mehta, urged the HYC leaders to forget what happened and called again to discuss the issues, but the HYC leaders were surprised and send him to arrange another day to meet and discuss everything properly.
Ma Thombor said that the JHADC through the Governor of the State has demanded from the government to provide an account of the lack of revenue collection from mineral resources, especially from Mawshun. When asked about the promise of the Governor, the CEM of JHADC said that the Governor of JHADC has promised to consider the petition. “Through the increase in the land revenue from 25 to 50 percent, it will also help the JHADC to pay the salaries of the employees. The District Council has been suspended for more than 8 months,” said Ma Thombor Shiwat.
There will also be a variety of games such as car racing, rud shyiap games, and admission to the festival.
I waited for more than half an hour, but even there, there were those who explained slowly and this is the incident, which the famous television stations of India, did about the leader of the North East.
In South Garo Hills, the Nelwagre ground has been improved for T.5 lakh and the Ramchenga ground in East Garo Hills for T.6 lakh.
He said in front of the DC that this work should be done immediately so that it will be of benefit to the people who live near this river.
Due to the overcrowding of the classroom, teachers cannot refuse to take some of the children out of the classroom when they take classes with other children and continue them after the others have finished.
The deceased BSF soldier was identified as Vijay Kumar.
What we have received and although it has not been confirmed, is that we have received information that there have been candidates who have started using the power of money and those who have received the money have just They said that they have also received up to T.5000 per household and they have not revealed who the candidate has come to propose with money just to get the support of the people.
This is also part of the process that one day will produce even those athletes who can achieve the goal of representing the country in the biggest sporting events in the world like the Olympics, if they take the initiative to follow the rules. the paths and views of this group.
However, the presence of wars and evils that affect society, or that country, makes him unable to turn away from that responsibility of his good deeds.
Isaiah as a man, in his human nature, felt that he was nothing in the sight of that king, that he was dark in his lips, that he spoke mistakes, that he had shortcomings as a man, this affected him. he saw also the seraphs or angels who had died crying out HOLY HOLY HOLY on the throne of God in the midst of this human weakness, and one of the seraphs flew near Isaiah who had a And Isaiah said, He hath touched my mouth. And he said unto Isaiah, Behold, this hath touched thy lips.
On the ongoing investigation into the IED bomb attack at the NPP office, Rymbui said several people have been arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
In 1860-61 it became a prosperous High School which produced stars of the country such as Jeebon Roy Mairom who held the post of Assistant Commissioner, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy who was a statesman and ruler. Prof. RR Thomas, the only Premchand Roy Scholarship holder in the North East, a politician and many others.
Many foreigners from the villages and states of the region have flocked to see this place which has impressed even the filmmakers.
The union also said that even the casual employees of Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited are still waiting for confirmation, while the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said that there are more than 1,000 vacant sanctioned posts in MeECL. to appoint for the posts of Junior Engineers, Assistant Engineers and Executive Engineers but these vacancies have not been filled due to the lack of funds of the Corporation.
Police said that Satyanarayan Sharma of Lower Babupara, Tura lodged a complaint that on 11th June at about 6:30 pm, his motorcycle went missing from the parking lot. an.
I appeal to my fellow legislators, let us forget our party feelings and support this decision,” he said.
Other benefits for the skin: Milk: it is rich in protein and calcium which helps to fight against skin inflammation, cleanses the skin from the root, releases damage caused by sunburn and maintain the hydration of the skin.
In the first half, Bara Killing FC scored the first goal of the match and it lasted until the end of the match. Baridua Youth Club beat Baridua 1-0
Rosi said that she did not belong to any group to conduct the deployment but she did it on her own initiative.
He said that the government has been required since 2006 to build a fly over from Raps Mansion to the High Court, Lum Survey which will affect the area of ​​the army and reach the Kharmetor area. Theme Metor.
The vice president said that before the attempt to cut the area, there were many meetings and after much discussion, it was decided that those who want to go will go and those who don't want to stay.
Shillong: The EM of Elaka Department in KHADC, Bah Jambor War, on Tuesday said that there are 29 boundary disputes between Sirdarships, Elaka and villages within the boundary of KHADC. Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah MDC Bah PN Syiem said that out of these 29 projects, 7 projects have been completed and 22 projects remain. He said that after the EC has amended the Elaka Act to appoint a Tribunal to hear these others.
“I don't know anymore... I tried to get it but I don't know where I am.
“I don't want to politicize the lives and deaths of the farmers but to cooperate and support them for their benefit,” he said. This will affect them especially when it comes to the sale of their crops.
I want to see in writing, maybe if they call a meeting with me, we can talk to clarify,” said Ampareen.
The Sur Ki West fully supports the Contract Teachers who have demanded their rights, said Samla D.Sun Chairman and Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh Secretary of the Sur Ki West.
New Delhi, July 12: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the counting of votes for the election of the Speaker of the Delhi Legislative Assembly will start on 7th June, on the 10th of June.
It leads us to the path of doing better in the North East.
Dibrugarh: Shri Utpal Gogoi
In a statement sent on Tuesday, NEHUTA President Lakhon Kma said that the NEHUTA has fought against the VC to protect NEHU at all costs.
Members of the union immediately collected their belongings and expelled them immediately with a strong warning that these people should not return after being expelled.
“It needs a thorough consultation on this issue before the government takes a decision to proceed,” said Dr Donkupar when asked about his feelings on the opposition of the political parties.
“Bahnah, I'm going to greet you, my friend.
Thomas Jones, when he arrived at Sohra, took the initiative to make the Khasi alphabet in the Sohra language, not in the Shella language, with the help of Duwan Rai and U Jon Kha Diengdoh and the plan of Thomas Jones, were thwarted when the East India Company, or the so-called Bahadur Government, ordered everyone in Ri Khasi to use Bengali. in the year
HM Shangpliang (Congress) also asked whether the Assam government has responded to the letter sent by the Minister. If Assam doesn't respond, we will look into what should be done,” he said.
The new office bearers of the HSPDP in Umsning Constituency include Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw, one of the former Congress leaders in Ri-Bhoi Constituency. HSPDP Umsning Constituency: KJ Suhktung Vice-President, General Secretary Banlumlang Nongbri, Organizing Secretary Donkupar Riang and Finance Secretary SK Nongsiej.
Moopala village has more than 80 households, but more than 50 households are coal miners and many of them are women who earn their living by selecting mawsleit.
The clothes shown in this exhibition designed by the designer are from his collection, are suitable for men and women and the colors of the clothes are shown The colors of the ethnic groups, and the ornaments on these clothes, reflect the richness of the region in terms of culture.
The Minister of State in charge of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek on Friday inaugurated the first electric recharge point in the state. The Electric Vehicle (EV) Fast-Charging Station at the BPCL petrol station in Jorabat.
The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the State, Bah FR Kharkongor, in a statement sent to the media, said that Bolong R. Sangma has been arrested by the Police on charges of spreading the Sangma has been arrested after the Returning Officer of Rongjeng Assembly Constituency filed a complaint against him. you can report to the Police.
However, if people do not respect and obey the laws, many kinds of problems will arise.
In this regard, Bah GD Kharwanlang SP Ri Bhoi, said that the suspects shot at Bah Smer Kurbah from the chest and hand.
He was born on 1st November 1947 in Chapahati village in West Garo Hills District, Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, Nailar 13: In order to bring about a clean environment and not to affect the health of the people of Byrnihat area in Ri Bhoi District, the FKJGP, Byrnihat Circle has come forward to support the There is no proper garbage dump at Byrnihat to avoid the spread of garbage by the residents and visitors through the NH-6 in RI Bhoi District.
Instead of wasting it on those pointless trips abroad, the money should be donated to the villages to help the poor.
The program was also held at Sohra Government College Sohra on the same day, 30th March,
Shillong, November 15: After 125 years, the Presbyterian Church has translated and revised the Bible from the old Bible to the new Presbyterian Church. up to words down and sentences alike.
“Now we are ready to file a complaint against the government for ignoring our rights,” said Bah Pyngrope.
They were accused of going to Nagaland to seek assistance from the NSCN(IM) to form a new armed group in the state, according to sources received from lawyers. The suspects have been charged under the strict provisions of the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act, which stipulates the penalties against those who attempt to bring bail. they shall not be destroyed by the army.
On this occasion, there were also many women, children and children from Iapmala and neighboring villages. there was such a resort in the area that would be a source of hope for all the communities of the area.
Grace Mary Kharpuri, who came second so far, left the polling station and told reporters that she did not expect the votes to drop significantly in her favour. thus, it expresses its acceptance of what the people have decided.
If the government can relocate the Secretariat, DC office, DTOs, and other crowded places, half of Shillong will be free from traffic jams and there will be no more traffic jams for students. , to children who do not go to school.
On the other hand, the KSU led by Samla Donald V Thabah General Secretary, Samla Biangbor Paliar and Vice President of the KSU together with hundreds of members also hung placards at the gate of the KSU. The Central Agriculture University should not be allowed to build a Central Agriculture University in this area. The government should not build a Central Agriculture University in this area. of Agriculture which also falls under the jurisdiction of the Central University, Imphal which does not meet the government's plan and promise to build the university which has also taken up an area of ​​about 240 acres.
The Marwari Yuva Manch will provide food to the patients and staff of the center and other necessities not related to the COVID-19 pandemic. treat people’s diseases.
The decision was announced by the President Rangbah of the party, Bah Peter J Lawai, who said that the strike will start from 1 pm to 5 pm.
A group of 10 friends known as Sarot I Man reached out to the NEIMA Children's Home in Sahshniang on Monday.
Congress leaders including Rockybul Hussain said the party strongly opposes the NDA government led by Narendra Modi over the challenge to the powers of the RBI. 500 and 1000 notes and the ban on withdrawals are our demands submitted to the RBI,” Hussain said.
“However, he said that if they do not withdraw their support to the state government, the speech to withdraw the suspension of them will be more difficult.
Shillong: U Bah PM Syiem, Ex MLA, has written to the Second Chief Minister and Chairman of the High Power Committee, Prestone Tynsong, on the issue of the Meghalaya Slum Area (Improvement and Clearance) Act Through the Meghalaya Adoption of Laws Order No.3 of 1973, which empowers the Government to clear the slum area if the land is crowded. , lack of adequate sanitation, lack of food and drinking water, which causes harm to the people.
The Saw Seng has expressed its strong condemnation because according to the media, it was found that members of the Association Riwar were present at the scene of the shooting.
“On July 14, 2020, I saw the news that Sushant sir had committed suicide on television channels and I couldn't imagine it.
Now the Gentiles were afraid of the Jews or Israel, and this happened because God had spoken.
All the speakers urged the students and residents to take action and discuss various ideas that will build society in human life for happiness, progress and many benefits.
The water supply project in Tura was funded by the Ministry of DoNER under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS).
Bah Khlurlamjingshai, Lyngkhoi Village, Mawsaw.
But now, not to strengthen, but to enslave their followers...we don't want to enslave the people, we want the people to be masters of their own lives and decide for themselves. the future of life.
"This means that the job allocation does not only include the vacancies, but also the jobs or posts that have been filled.
Wandikmen Khongkai of Pine Mount School with 86% marks and Ibanmerihun Syiem of Christian Academy Higher Secondary School with 84.83% marks. %, Jessica Neil Kharchandy of BK Bajoria with 81%, Elbarisa N Najiar of Synod Higher Secondary School with 78%, Armang Dame Kupar Sohliya of Army Public School with 76% and Ekideilang Najiar with 76%. He passed Class 12 from Loreto Convent School with 93%.
“If we get a good road, I see that development will flow faster and on this petition, I promise to send the budget for the road in Narwan,” he said.
