Shillong, November 09: Two persons were killed when a dumper truck (ML05P-2266) collided with another truck at Khohiar near Rngain on the Shillong-Dawki road this evening.
Shillong, July 07: Shillong Lajong have prepared well for the Super Cup against Kerala Blasters FC on the 10th of July at 2 pm. The Kalinga Super Cup 2024 will be played at the Kalinga Stadium in Odisha.
Patients’ rights were respected and protected.
“I would also like to clarify the statement of another muktiar who said that there are those who are stupid and those who explain wisely, let the people judge, but I say to you honorable muktiar, don't be wise, don't teach school because We know well about the Land Transfer Act (LTA), we know well where the Land Transfer Act works and where it doesn't work. “The government belongs to the people and cannot do whatever it wants, consult the people before taking a decision,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
On this occasion, the group of motorcyclists have donated food items including rice, sugar, slasha and umphniang to these 47 families. B. Mawlong, President of the group, A. Nongbri, Secretary, F. Dkhar, Finance Secretary and others.
Leaders of these two organizations including Shwari Ryngkhlem General Secretary KSU Wapung Unit and Samely Siangshai President MPUF Wapung Unit together with other members after receiving the complaint went to the shop known as TS. Star is located in Moowakhu, Dkhiah.
Karmi won by 65 votes against Riky Pan with 717 votes.
The owners of these shops have suffered a heavy loss in the fire, as it has been seen that these shops have been severely damaged. and, behold, all the things which were in the city were burnt.
It can also be said that the presence of schools in the same area is another reason for the traffic jam in the same area especially as they are all located along the highway.
Awards were also presented to 13 teachers including Lasubon Shullai, Dibiland Iawphniaw, Sidamon Kurbah, Bioles Lyngdoh and Dipak. Kumar Saha, Arun Kumar, TP Tmung, Jeremiah Kharbani, Dominic Marak, Jairaj Chetry, Hezillina T Sangma, Smti.
“Now the situation has improved and we are very vigilant,” he said.
However, he has not yet been able to bring and provide assistance such as the construction of footpaths, drinking water and drains and many other needs in the villages.
On the other hand, the Working President of MSOA said that the General Secretary, MSOA, has informed that once the MSVA team has submitted all the documents, the MSOA office will take the necessary action.
Jowai, Nailur, 29: The Block Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAN WJHD in collaboration with the District Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAN WJHD today held a meeting with the Block Mission Coordinator, SSA-SEMAN WJHD. The Enrollment Drive was held as part of the celebration of World Literacy Day-2
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 12: Leaders of the four political parties in Nongstoin, the NPP, Congress, Trinamool Congress and Voice of People Party, on Saturday campaigned for the upcoming elections. The meeting was held in front of Nongstoin Market.
“It is up to the leaders of the Central Election Committee who will give the ticket,” said Ma Shibun.
The FPS Dealer and SKOil Retailer shall be elected and decided by the Dorbar Shnong through the Executive Committee Shnong with the approval of the heads of each household in the Shnong. during this time of spread of COVID (19) by following the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the guidelines laid down by the State Government as a whole.
On the Youth Wing side, Clesfaston Marbaniang is the Vice President and K. Marbaniang is the Assistant Secretary.
Congress leader Sachin Pilot today met Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi Vadra in New Delhi and it was understood that the meeting was harmonious and consensual on both sides.
Other parties are still struggling to prepare but have not been able to field candidates in many constituencies.
They are not those who come to take over as political leaders just to improve their own business without regard to anyone else.
NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, NPP leaders and others were present on the occasion.
When the Hon'ble Court had just acquitted the college teachers a few months ago (November 5, 2022), rushed to hear it again.
And we can also identify if the contractor uses more shyiap than dewbilat.
Dr Mishra said that Tirot Sing Syiem was a freedom fighter, as the Anglo-Khasi War was part of the freedom struggle between the Khasi people and the British in the years 1829-1 .
If you don't want to break the stone, do you want to send it to Bangladesh? Tell us the names of those leaders of the Sengbhalang, and which Sengbhalang they hold as leaders? I don't know why you don't like Khasi Jaintia.
TUR also said that the people should not be misled by the protesters who demand that the Government should abolish one illegal act and replace it with another.
The Executive Committee of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, whose Executive Body is the Dorbar Shnong, consists of all the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong, not less than 6 or 100 members. Up to 12 of these three members should be women to carry out these development projects.
Kamal Nath said that only four TDP MPs have sent a complaint to the Speaker of the House, expressing their no confidence in the government. Manmohan Singh and said that the Speaker of the Dorbar, Meira Kumar, will have to take a decision on the matter.
Stealing is a very important issue for group interests.
U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will attend the meeting tomorrow and it is expected that all the candidates for the NPP ticket will be announced. The first phase of the Lok Sabha elections
Police are conducting investigation to take the necessary action.
Anyone who has information about the body of the deceased can call Jowai PS-8787494560 / 9863066565 or Jowai PCR :
Kong Isidory said that the area where they live is very quiet and if they call, no one hears or no one can help.
Topcem, which mines in East Jaintia Hills of Meghalaya, can produce 4,600 tonnes of dewbilat per day.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to the Chief Executive Members of Block I who came to meet him today.
Besides the destruction of houses, crops, crops have been destroyed, livestock have been destroyed, roads have been blocked due to the collapse of trees and electricity posts.
"The concerned officials did not take action on the involvement of the gang.
The meeting was held today, 9th July 2022, at the BJP office. All the office bearers, including parents, young women and male.
Those MDCs who agree with what Shylla has said, it seems that they have become janor together and I look at them, it seems that they will not be able to stand in KHADC as MDCs next year.
The team will now feature under-23 players and there will be no senior players in the 22-member team.
Later, the teacher told the police that the child had tried to burn her but he changed his mind and covered her with heavy books and sat on her. the books that are written in it.
He urged all the members to remember this as it is the rule of law in the House.
Likewise, the HSPDP is preparing to hold such programs in other places for the benefit of the people.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 20: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today came forward to congratulate the MLA of Umsning, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, for his efforts as a leader of the people. He said that he has shown his leadership to demand that the government should not provide artificial turf in Ri Bhoi District.
The song was sung by Marbud Jyrwa and Ribul Thabah, while the arrangement was done by Brightly Mynsong.
They said that perhaps the owners of these stem rong saws are not working anymore but they said that they have known from the newspapers but they don't care. still give me time to go back and forth to the bank.
He said the prime minister has also promised to provide 80 motorcycles to the police so that they can patrol around the city.
Commander Shangpliang, President of the Sengkmie, said that on the 24th of this month, the Sengkmie will hold a public meeting at Jengjal West Garo Hill. HFU West Garo Hills Unit.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday conducted raids at four places in Tamil Nadu in connection with the illegal activities of the Popular Party. The Front of India (PFI) has been defeated.
Praising the women, the Minister said it is encouraging to see that the women of the village have taken the initiative to come forward to produce umsoh baioh from the area to benefit themselves.
On the other hand, he said that there is an urgent need to upgrade the health centers in the area such as PHCs and Sub Centres, including the schools which still have many shortcomings especially in terms of health care. buildings as well as teachers.
The selected winners were awarded with a cash prize of T.20,000 and a certificate.
The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, the Superintendent of Police and the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram. said Bah RH Rapsang, Executive Member of the Dorbar Shnong and one of the Rangbah Dong of Mawsynram.
In Shillong, when the Cabinet meeting was held, the owner of the house did not know whether he had brought a hotel orchid or pinewood. In Shillong, the minister or officers come home, they eat at home, while outside Tura, it is not known whether there are quest houses or not. There are soft rooms for the elderly to sleep in, then there is a bathroom, a toilet and so on.
It is difficult to get such leaders especially in this turbulent time.
There are many fertilizers that are used as fertilizers.
The day began with the unveiling of the Tricolor Flag of the State, by Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Arts and Culture, Social Welfare, Textiles and Tourism, Government of Meghalaya. India was followed by the National Anthem, in which he also took the National Salute for the 24 parade contingents. including police, home guards, NCC, scouts and guides and school children.
Similarly, eating too much sugar can have an impact among people with high blood pressure.
The District Social Welfare Office also held a drawing competition and awarded prizes to the winners.
Shillong: The Chairman and Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Rangkynsai R Makdoh, while speaking on the changes in the political situation in the state, on Tuesday said that In the past, the contest of elections was based on love and trust, but now it is based on the power of money.
This is a reminder and information to all the residents to cooperate with the Shnong for the sake of peace and order in the community.
He said that sports tournaments should be held to strengthen the relationship between the people and the police.
In 2015, Kiruba Munusamy, a lawyer who handled human rights cases, was fired as an employee of a lawyer in the Supreme Court for taking day off, for the reason that she had just started her period.
He said that another act of violence on the part of the SP is that he has issued orders to all the political parties in East Jaintia Hills to provide information on all the names of the members of the party. They are located in East Jaintia Hills.
The song was played in the form of the ancient year in the 1970s and also the jaiñphong, in which the crowd at the disco, waited for her to enter the venue. and I will sing praises.
Pallavi Pasricha is the Senior Commissioning Editor at Lonely Planet India.
“After seeing the work done by the EC, it is my duty to support the EC to ensure that it can continue the work that is necessary for the people and the district council,” he said. asked Malngiang.
“How can Dr Chuba Ao blame me alone now, when we have taken the decision together to nominate a candidate for Rajabala,” he asked.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Samlin Malngiang said that Mawmaram village has now improved in the field of football and also in peace, development and education. He wished the village to continue to progress in the society, in the development of the village and also in the governance of the village and wished it to reach another milestone.
“When the money of the people is in the bank, the income will increase because it will spread to the market and to the people around.
“In fact, schools should not do business like booksellers and copy sellers,” said one of the booksellers in Iewduh.
“I demand that the government should make these three blocks into one district in order to bring governance and development to the homes of the people,” said Bah Titos.
The CM said that projects worth Rs 700 crore have been implemented for the construction of various sports facilities in the state and nearly Rs 400 crore has been allocated for this fiscal year. he will come to build sports grounds.
For vehicles coming to the Lyngdoh Sad consecration ceremony, the parking lot has been arranged as follows: those coming from East & West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District will have to enter from Lad-Deinthare to enter the village. Moody me.
Those who mostly used the spong were the Syiems and the chiefs of the Himas, such as the Lyngdohs, the Basans, the Rangbah Kur and the Nongkñia.
The march will start from the ground floor of the church and go up to Dorbar Syiem Myllim, Wahiingdoh Road, Ri Khasi Press and YMCA. After that, it will return to the Parish via Mawkhar Road. finished in the church.
It is learned that a machine inside the Myntdu Leshaka Hydel Power Project which can generate 42 mw of electricity has been lost and instead of sending an inquiry, the government has dismissed an engineer. protest among engineers.
Shillong: The Sohra Village Council has honored Aibanbhakupar Dohling on 13th November, 2020 at the office of the Sohra Village Council.
Bah Pynshngain said that the time has come to give their opinions so that the amendment of the Sixth Schedule will be of benefit to the people of the country.
These lyngdoh sohblei are from the villages and religious districts of the Shillong Diocese and from various associations.
Shillong, July 8: The government has announced a scheme for the poor people of the state to benefit up to T.2 lakh per annum for treatment in any hospital. The hospital has an agreement with the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS).
There were 3586 students who sat for HSSLC Science and 2670 passed.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous Territorial Council shall consist of 40 members, of whom 36 shall be elected by the people, four shall be appointed by the Governor, 2 shall be women and 2 shall be from non-governmental ethnic groups. .
For this reason, we have had discussions and these discussions have led to the fact that the Government of India has not agreed to reduce it and therefore, we feel at this time that if we continue to discuss this issue, “It's not like we're going to be able to mine coal with scientific knowledge,” he said.
In these days, during the raid by the district administration, there has been a strong opposition from the land dealers especially in the Motphran area who have claimed that they live on the land of the Hima Mylliem and not on the land of the Municipal.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah doesn't want to meet the teachers, he doesn't care as it shows because he doesn't answer anything even when the teachers want to meet him,” said Bah Nongsiang.
Three BJP MDCs of JHADC, Lakhon Biam, Krison Langstang and Dawan Lyngdoh, have been found guilty of misusing the Council's funds of Rs. CEM of JHADC Jowai.
Surong said that the club was established with the aim of eradicating drugs from the state which has started to spread.
During his visit, Bah HM Shangpliang, expressing his sympathy to the teachers on their demands, from the state government, Bah Shangpliang said that he is with them to support this issue. , he also had the opportunity to talk and discuss with the leaders of FASTOM who have presented themselves to him as the leader.
The group has also received 420m euros for the Palau Blaugrana, the country's basketball and handball team, and 20m euros for the Johan Cruyff Stadium.
They said that their demand is because all the food items and household items have increased in price and they can no longer support their families from household expenses, school fees. , food prices, infant milk prices have also increased, fuel prices have also increased and other items.
The vehicles that broke into the crematorium date back to the 1970s and the depth of the crematorium is about 200 feet below ground.
These days, the residents of Seiñduli, Nongkynjang in West Khasi Hills and Mawpud in South West Khasi Hills, have expressed that the time has come to upgrade the services. completely to the public.
Tad until I announce something.
This party, even though it is new, has been able to attract and gain the love and trust of the people, even though it is still a new party and for the first time, it has won. Four MLAs have been elected to the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly in the last elections.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Sohra MLA TW Chyne has urged the state government to immediately renew the management of Mawmluh Chera Cement Limited (MCCL) as it has been in trouble. This famous factory in the state has been destroyed.
He said that the oxygen generators for Khliehriat and Umsawli should come from the Government of India and there will also be oxygen generators from UNICEF to supply other hospitals.
The meeting was chaired by UDP President Banalari Khongwar, in the presence of Allan F Dkhar, HSPDP Vice President Ferdinand Ryngksai and Wanhun Massar.
The Seng would like to encourage those children who have brought glory to the District, as well as those who have not reached the goal, to continue to work hard, to bring glory to their families. the community, especially the nation through sports.
“From now on, there will be no tax payment to the government and the farmers will be able to sell at a reasonable price,” he said.
And if he continues to sin after this, he also commits transgression of the law – for sin is the transgression of the law" 1 John 3:4
The film is directed by Bantei Sawkmie and directed by Kit Rina Nongrum. The film stars Rijied Khymdeit, Syrpailin Sohmat, Evansius Kharsohphra, Micky Lyngdoh and others. .
Sohtrun was brought from all over Bhoi, Mawkyrwat and Garo Hills.
The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) has received a complaint from many people regarding the excessive deterioration of the Intermediary Road Jowai Bye-Pass from Myntdu Bridge NH44 Riatmulaiñ to Nartiang Road. It is 3.27 km long and falls under the jurisdiction of the South Division, Jowai.
On the second day, the village leaders conducted a patrol to find out who did this because they suspect that it is the Assamese who built the road to make it easier for their motor vehicles to carry the road. color of stones that are illegally mined in this river.
On this day, the children of the Sieñ Raij of Mukhaïalong village are filled with joy and happiness. u men barim, also came to take part in this Sukra dance which was held in the village.
There was also a quiz and the winners were awarded bags containing articles on Financial Literacy by the RBI, Shillong.
There will be schemes for awareness in rural areas, including IMJAY, PM Garib Kalyan, Annan Yojana, Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana, PM Awas Yojana, PM Utjwalla, PM Vishwakarma, PM Kishan Saman, PM Kishan Credit Card, Har Ghar Jan, Jan Dhan Scheme, Surekha Insurance Scheme, Atal Pension Scheme and others.
He has 2 colors and a voice like Satan.
"“I just want to say don't politicize this issue.
Today, in order to strengthen the working methods of the Kur, three working zones of the Kur Dhar in Jaintia Hills have been confirmed in different districts.
Shillong, Lber 10: The 19 South Shillong Constituency has been the lucky one among other constituencies to receive an allocation of T.5 crore for the construction and installation of artificial turf in Laban Square. building.
The filing of nomination papers by Bah Alan West Kharkongor which was held at 12.00 pm, was attended by a large number of supporters from all over the constituency.
Tens of crores of money was shared between the owners of the company and others involved in the closure.
Regarding the Reservation Policy, it is necessary to look into it, to analyze it and to see how it will be for our people,” he said.
The Magistrate also urged the shopkeepers to temporarily cooperate with the Government's arrangement, as the market cannot be opened in a crowded manner. convey to the authorities the demand to allow the opening of shops in odd and even numbers for the opening of all shops together.
He said that it is true that some villages have received only half a shilliang, some have not yet but the government has set a target to deliver electricity to all and to complete those who have received half a shilliang. .
The Construction Manager of the company, said that during the repair of the bridge, there has been a serious impact on the traffic of the people, as the traffic has been tightened especially the traffic. At the same time, he said that if the employees of the company, can work day and night, it means that they will be able to repair the bridge within the next four months.
These stickers have been placed on the front doors of taxis with numbers to make it easier for passengers and the public to remember if any drivers violate the rules.
At the same time, he announced that the Planning Commission has allocated T.4,151 crore for the state for the year 2013 and the government has also planned to introduce many schemes for the benefit of the people and economic development. of the state.
The complaint was filed by RS Mooshahary.
“It is impossible to explain better than these words the unprecedented, continuous and shameless corruption and scams in the past five years within the government. The MDA is not led by the NPP in Meghalaya,” said Pawan Khera.
In the Lok Sabha elections 2019, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has brought the NRC under its agenda.
The rescue operation came seven days after the floods in the South Lhonak Lake, which flooded the Teesta River. In Sikkim and North Bengal, the floods were caused by heavy rains, said a statement sent by police officials.
On the other hand, the Symbud Mynri of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, said that Dr. Mukul Sangma should remember that the people of the state have not forgotten the loss of nine lives during the earthquake. “It is because of the government's negligence during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma that up to nine people have lost their lives in the police shooting in Williamnagar and Tura,” said Prestone. Tynsong.
We have already said that in the past many years, many jobs have been filled by some communities, some have been filled by other communities on behalf of other communities. .
She also said that although the presence of iron is important for health, too much can lead to harmful effects, such as diabetes, hemochromatosis, stomach ulcers, fill the stomach with air, and chest pain and quick breathing.
Furthermore, those members who wish to contest the election to the Board of Directors of the Bank must purchase 10 shares or T.3000/- and deposit T.2,000/- or more in the savings account. Bank.
The three persons who sustained minor injuries have been treated and released to go home alive,” said the SP. and warn the people not to believe such false reports.
In a statement, Bah Z Lymphuid, Secretary Shnong, would like to thank the organization for its willingness to donate to these refugees.
However, the Incharge of Langpih AD Camp together with officers from Aradonga Out Post, immediately rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
Other outstanding players among the men in the tournament were Chinese Taipei's Chou Tien Chen (2nd) and Kenta Nishimoto (4th).
It is learned that these people who were arrested with the money worth T.10.03 lakh could not produce the documents to prove the donation and the district authorities are conducting investigation.
Laitkor continued to play well in the second half and Iaraplang scored the second goal in the 55th minute and 5 minutes later Saralin Warlarpih scored the second goal in the 55th minute. In the 64th minute, Iaraplang scored another goal and scored a hat-trick and Iaraplang were also named Player of the Match.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya needed 160 runs to win as Nagaland scored 52/4 on the second day.
Rishandabok Marwein scored the first goal of the match to beat Assam Rifles Public School 3-2 in the tie breaker.
Shillong, Lber 12: On the 11th of this month, 2024, the 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya successfully seized the clothes of the 172 Bn BSF Meghalaya. and other goods worth about T.14 lakh smuggled to Bangladesh across the border in East Jaintia Hills district.
“The BJP has not yet released the list of candidates and is still waiting for the Congress, NPP and other parties to nominate them.
Police have arrested them and investigation is ongoing.
Be hardworking in whatever you want to do and perseverance has its own great reward and cannot be compared with anyone.
The Lakhempong dance has been revived in the past decades by the Syiem, Lyngdohs and Bakhraws of the Raid Hima.
We tried to form a government on the same day (October 2) but we didn't have the numbers.
Then the miaw said to the man, “How you are suffering because of the man-eating rakot.
Will the Khasi dress one day remain only in museums to make a name for itself and that the heritage will be able to read only in books about the dress of their ancestors?
He also encouraged the leaders of the Destiny Self Help Group to remember that a small drop of water can cause a sea.
Therefore, the MSBA leaders have appealed to the State Sport Council of Meghalaya and in a short period of time they have been able to provide all the requirements.
In this regard, he said that the members of the party have been sent back with the request and the request of the Government is that when they are ready, please inform the Government, as it is still waiting. to continue the conversation.
Doesn't this affect your family?
He said that after receiving the promise from the government to support his project, he has spent lakhs of rupees to prepare the DPR and time in the preparation of the DPR. government.
Shillong, Lber 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Unit will hold a march on the 4th of June. The Khasi National Awakening Day.
He also contested the election from the Garo National Council (GNC) and one of his election issues and that of the GNC is Garoland State.
The judges of the Meghalaya High Court, including Chief Justice HS Thangkhiew and Justice W. Diengdoh, said that the inability to control the mining and trade of coal can be understood from the 19th interim report. in the issuance of an order in connection with the Public Interest Litigation.
On Monday, Selsella Sports Association and Wasa FC drew 1-1 at the Chandmari Ground.
This follows the shooting of employees of the central government company NHIDCL, which is building roads and the burning down of the NHIDCL office in Mawkyrwat.
A case was registered against Umiam PS UD case no.14/2024 on 26th June.
Today, a tree planting ceremony was also held at Krangsuri.
Shillong: There have been 462 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today and 2 deaths.
According to the budget, the Civil Works and Development Department has allocated a huge expenditure of T.72.54 crore from plan and non plan.
Nishank, 61, said he is currently undergoing treatment.
The composer and singer of the song is Joedickinson Siangshai and the music is taken over by RMB-Music.
The union also demanded that the MCH Jowai should be temporarily closed until all the requirements are met.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Six youths entered a shop at Polo Market to eat at 8 pm this morning, and after eating they left without paying for the food. When the manager of the shop, Balram Singh, asked for money from them, they called for ILP-ILP and destroyed the shop. They shot and beat him, police said.
Through Social Media and the Internet, these days nothing is hidden but everyone is witnessing these terrible acts.
The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has demanded immediately from the Sub-Divisional Officer, MeECL Sutnga District to repair the two transformers which are dangerous and could cause injuries especially to children in Pamrakmai and Pamrapathlu.
On the same day, Bah Lamphrang Blah, MDC, moved a no-confidence motion under rule 22(1), 71 and when the motion was received, the Chairman of KHADC, set a date. to take up this motion on the next day, ie, on 20.10.2019 and after the discussion, the vote came and it was equal, that is, 14 MDCs. In this case, the Chairman applies Rule 25 of the AD Rules, 1951 and it is here that the Chairman can also cast his vote, unless there is an equality of votes. (equality of votes) um lah ban thep vote – Quote “The Chairman or person acting as such, shall not vote in the first instance, but shall have and exercise a casting vote in the case of equality of votes.
The Shella MLA also asked whether the MLAs are included as members of the DMF. Conrad said the government has issued a new notice on this matter on the 22nd. Regarding the request of AITC MLA Mukul Sangma, who is also the former Prime Minister, on the need for a The Minister also confirmed that the State Government will come forward with an annual report on the implementation of the budget. the implementation of the budget.
The SP said that investigation is ongoing to clarify the incident.
In the innings, Baroda reached a run rate of 12.38 runs per over and were seen to have swept the balls of Meghalaya to finish in just 5.2 overs.
The journey of fish farmers was highlighted by Bah Phrang Roy, Founder of NESFAS at the celebration of Fish Day organized by the FAO of the United Nations on 20th June,
Scientists know that the disease is caused by a fungus called 'colletotrichum falcatum', but they do not know exactly how this plant grows in the body. feet.
If you have dry or unsightly skin, self-treatment at home may be the best option.
The conclave was conducted by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
For those who live in Meghalaya and don't know Laitkseh, it is only about 7 kilometers east of Nongkasen opposite Markasa.
Jowai, March 11: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai on Tuesday. Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
The seven dead cows include three dairy cows and three calves.
Referring to the candidates, he said that there are two candidates whom the party wants to allow to contest the mid-term election from Mawryngkneng Constituency and the discussions are ongoing. these candidates stated that they were under pressure due to high costs.
However, on Tuesday, there was another stir after the HYC Ri Bhoi group and protests from the Karbi and Nepali communities.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, has recorded the highest increase in income in the past five years by 607 percent.
Hikaidame Bareh scored the first goals for Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC in the 45+1 minute and Obadaia Bareh in the 86th minute.
Ibakordor School, MBOSE-75.50%, R.K.Mission Hr.Sec.School, Sohra.
When the road is being repaired, it was seen that the drivers and the residents have worked very hard to improve the road, so that the road will be usable for traffic. This means that the road is no longer suitable for traffic and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people who use this road.
All the cows that were infected have now recovered and have been released from the fire.
Meghalaya were tied for 125 in 52.5 overs after noon.
Bollywood star Amitabh Bachchan and his son Abhishek have been undergoing treatment at Nanavati Hospital since yesterday but are not in critical condition, hospital officials said.
The causes of the accident are not only the negligence of the drivers, but also the drunkenness while driving, the lack of wearing of seat belts and the unsafeness of the road in many parts.
He said that in recent years, the KHADC has faced problems because it does not have a close relationship with the state government.
Khongjee said the reason for the lack of syrnods is due to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 implemented by the KHADC. The Lineage Act does not prohibit the issuance of syrnod to Scheduled Tribes even if those who apply for syrnod are from the Scheduled Tribe District. "I don't know," said Mr. Khongjee.
It is like the Rules of the Road on the world's highways.
Those who were released were Hat Pochen from War Central constituency, Lomris Lyngdoh from Muthlong-Sohkymphor and Damonmi Dkhar from Nartiang constituency.
Shillong: The Mawrusyiar Youth and Cultural Club (MYCC) is one of the sports clubs that has been working hard and has been prominent in organizing various sports and programs. of the Best Outstanding Youth Club Award 2021-22 of the District and State Level, Mawru Syiar.
“We have discussed this with the relevant department,” he said.
Shillong: People working in various departments of Shillong today gathered in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner to collect the curfew passes issued by the office.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Braveman Tangsang, 30, has passed away after a terrible fire broke out in a house. He slept inside the house which is located in a farm forest in Sohlait Thymmai.
Thuruk SC will play against Khaidong SC at 12.15 pm.
Why is this, the reason is, it is through these students that one day, they will bring about change in the rural areas.
Regarding the proposal to build a mynder check post at Khanduli, the DC said that the work has been completed especially the site, but the remaining work is from the Tourism Department, while Saphai has said that the work has been completed. He said that a public hearing has already been held in the village and the residents have accepted and approved the construction of the mynder check post, but what remains is to arrange with the land owners. .
Nongstoiñ: The fourth quarter final of the 2nd Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19, organized by the New Nongstoiñ Sports Social & Cultural Club (NNSSCC) will be played today. Shillong Lajong FC will play against Umiam FC in the quarter final. The match between the two teams is expected to be very interesting as both the teams will play against Umiam FC. Umiam FC has beaten Kith United which is also one of the most famous teams in the WKHD. The quarter match between the two teams will start at 1:30 PM at the New Nongstoiñ Stadium. The residents of the area are invited to witness the match between the two teams.
Thus, in the middle of this last day, or 7 years, God will once again hurl Satan from that second heaven to this earth.
They said that MECL has been fighting with the public until those who work with computers have to burn candles just to complete urgent tasks.
According to the farmers of Mooshrot Village, the destruction of their farmland has been going on for 10 months and almost every day their farmland has been destroyed.
“We have called various agencies today.
The Dorbar Niam of the Seiñraij Jowai, in condolences to the outbreak of COVID-19, this morning, July 25, 2013, has held a thanksgiving ceremony to encourage the people to hold the Shad Niam Behdieñkhlam in Jowai.
Meghalaya's bowling has been weaker than the leaders of the state, and even Saee Purandare, who has been willing to join Meghalaya, has been weak in its ability to improve the ball. Tamang managed to score only 20 runs in their innings, but Meghalaya was eliminated for 5 runs. not only 50 runs.
(He will come and rule again, and after that Shadukjok will be cast out).
Delight Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 38th and 46th minutes, Karlin Lyngdoh in the 31st and Mebantei Suchiang in the 78th minute.
Hiram came to think in the Christian community that even those who had written honorably but were still divided, what would happen if these unpleasant things happened when they lived together.
High-sugar sports drinks are completely unnecessary for children and most adults," he said.
The following are the names of the selected children:.
He is the god of this world, 2 Corinthians 4:4
He will be detained in Tihar Jail,” said the officer.
It is learned that the people had already waited in the ground floor of the Dorbar Hall as the meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall and as soon as they saw the vehicle of the officers they turned to them to drive away from the place. .
The party has given three days to the former leader to return all the documents and belongings of the party from the 29th to the 1st of next month. It has also appointed its new leader, Bah S.Thabah, and announced that Bah SK Jana has temporarily resigned from the party.
Then, the mountains and rivers will be destroyed, the precious commodities, such as ore, coal, trees, hills, rivers, agriculture, will be destroyed, because before those railways come, Coke Factories and other foreign coal factories and so on. What will happen when those trains are delivered?
He said that the new factory was set up without any Public Hearing approved by the villagers of the Hima before setting up the factory while the factory has been running smoothly without any Public Hearing.
Finally, the union has demanded from the government to address the problems of the people in the area, especially in terms of the road, as this road is also a road that “If the government does not do anything or listen to these demands of the union, the union will take other stronger measures,” he added.
(L) Bah Elius Ryndong, 60 years old, was shot dead by robbers while he was on his way to his farm. The manner of killing the man was that the robbers tied and bombed him in the head, until the head of the man was broken.
The darkness has destroyed the sleep of the whole community.
Meanwhile, Conrad expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Oram for pledging Rs 200 crore to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
That means that man will die physically and spiritually, the spirit cannot go to heaven to the Kingdom of God.
The MLAs and MDCs of the area should also take action like the CEM of KHADC on this issue.
The census has been submitted to the Legislative Assembly.
“I have received a letter from the two parties Congress and TMC to sit in the opposition but the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has not given any information on the decision to sit in the opposition and they have not come. “I have written a letter to recognize them as the opposition,” said the Lamphang.
Gourmangi, who made his ISL debut with Chennaiyin FC in 2010, has made 70 appearances for India.
After completing his studies, Hiram left home to study engineering in a state not far from Meghalaya.
“The match in Mizoram will be between the Congress and the ethnic parties in the state,” he said.
The temptation from Satan was from that time through King Herod against Jesus and until Jesus grew up.
The village was founded by three women, Niawni Puwein, Riwir Puwein and Laipyrdi Puwein, who occupied a large piece of land called the Puwein Khyndew.
Indeed, there are no planners in this Government now.
They are binary words, word pairs, prefixes and interjoint words.
Neymar also demanded three of the most expensive vehicles from the owner of Al-Hilal, including four Mercedes G Wagons and a Mercedes van with a driver.
“How sad it is when I think and put myself in their place, as children, orphans and true Christianity is when we help the mothers and the poor, because God has sent We also came to this world to be helpers,” said Babu Dora.
To meet at least once a month. Functions of the JCDC:a) To decide and implement development projects under the MLA schemeb) To decide and implement the funds from the MLA schemec) To cooperate with the departments of the MLA scheme. To ensure that all activities are transparent and accountable) To provide information to the public about development activities) To ensure that people participate in development activities) To ensure that all people should be enlightened, strengthened and empowered. Members of JCDC:i.
Meanwhile, the HSPDP has not yet decided and is still requesting both of them to reconsider their decision.
They also demanded that the first government should allow the people who are the indigenous people of Meghalaya first as the indigenous people are more clear in the language.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident. The incident occurred in the morning.
Ed Training, to announce the date of filing of applications for teachers who failed in other subjects and to respond to the union in writing on the demands, so that the union will continue with the programs of protest. The two-day training will be held in front of the NIOS office in Shillong on the 24th and 25th of this month from 11 am to 10 am. 2 pm, said HM Marbaniang, General Secretary of MSSASA Central Body.
Peru is also a major producer of silver, copper and other minerals.
However, he said that according to media reports, the director of GSI has admitted that the survey is not for uranium mining but for other minerals such as bauxite.
“This shows that the Lokayukta is functioning in accordance with the provisions of the Act and once again I would like to clarify that the amendments in 2021 are to strengthen the functioning of the Lokayukta.
The combination of 9 & 10 books which are full of errors and writing skills, and 11 & 12 CBSE books which are the best, puts teachers and students in a big trouble.
Lumlangmiki Shylla of Sahsniang B village, West Jaintia Hills District has rescued a Red Giant Flying Squirrel.
The Government should bring many development projects in the rural and border areas from roads, highways, drinking water supply, schools, colleges, electricity, health centres, educational institutions. , various government departments and offices to provide peace of mind to the people living in the rural and border areas to protect the border to show the signs of ownership of the land through development works.
This will be the first time that US leaders will take part in Jennifer's talk show where in previous years only singers and actors were allowed to take part.
The Speaker of the Lok Sabha also said that Meghalaya is a place of many opportunities and can be a symbol of economic growth and income in the country.
Many of the residents of the area have warned the children not to kill these children maybe they have been broken by bad people and they have alleged that this is a crime, but there are others who The children who ate these foods said that they were not at all like those who bought from the shops.
The fear of low density plastic has started to plague the residents of Laitumkhrah.
“We want to make it a place where the elderly can come for a walk or exercise,” said Bah Myrank.
“This is something that we as the Seng cannot accept at all, because it encourages fraud by violating the rights of the youth of the area, who are entitled to hard work. through parental support.
Other speakers included Bah W. Dohling DD Prevention MACS, Dr. HH Mohrmen Secretary SURE, Kong B. Lamar Zonal Supervisor and others.
Dohling's remarks came after Sanbor Shullai said that schemes that should go to the Government of India should go through the scrutiny of the BJP. He urged the people of Shella to elect the BJP candidate for this election so that the schemes of the Government of India can run smoothly from Delhi to the constituency.
“We will take it to the CEO of the Municipal and demand that the goods seized from the vendors should be returned,” said Bah Passah. por not children.
This Babylonian celebration guides the way we celebrate today in this new age.
Bhalang felt that this class was easy for him because he had passed dohsatar subjects such as mathematics and science.
Here it clearly shows that the man has a great responsibility in the family, society and the nation as a whole.
Perhaps, it is the first time that the situation has reached the point where the election authorities in Meghalaya have had to deploy troops to patrol to restore peace among the residents. village so that the thieves who try to attack anyone will be ashamed.
There has been a lot of discussion about how to shape the school building until now.
Mawkyrwat, June 04: The Mawlangwir Inter-Dong Football League 2023 has been launched by the Mawlangwir Sports Club on 01st June, Mawlangwir village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Those who have registered will have to pay the GST first, otherwise the work will not proceed as the census will have to be completed accurately.
All the Meghalaya bowlers were able to score runs when they beat Kerala but they were lagging behind compared to the runs scored by the Kerala bowlers.
The kickboxing players of the Meghalaya Association of Martial Arts (MSMA) have won a prestigious victory in the National Kickboxing Tournament held at Dehradun, Uttarakhand has won 8 gold medals.
Not only that, it is up to the government, district councils and villages to come together and once again start to improve the state in any way.
“The primary objective of the NDA is to ensure victory in many constituencies in the state and the country in the struggle against the Lok Sabha elections will not be held.
The investigation and search for these suspects is ongoing.
The world's largest growers of these varieties are: the United States, Brazil (South America), Spain, Italy, China, Japan, India, and Canaan (Palestine). ).
In the present MDA 2.0 government, we don't know and we don't see that there will be a committee to develop the CMP.
Mr. Dino DG Dympep, Chairman of the Meghalaya Peoples Human Rights Council (MPHRC) who is one of the experts on human rights and who has completed his training from UNITAR, said: He was one of the leaders of the State who has attended these UN General Assemblies to represent the Hynniewtrep people and India in the past years.
The Executive Engineer did not come to work, so they went to meet with Bah S.Puweiñ Assistant Engineer and sent a letter to him. together with the Executive Engineer.
Their birth years are shown in the form in different years including 1989, 1971, 1967, 1949, 1942, 1967, 1966, 1962, 1961 who have reached more than 70 years.
The residents also came forward to receive the Ayushman Bharat health cards and learn about the PM SVANidhi scheme.
Hundreds of people from children to the elderly have benefited from the Free Mega Health Camp organized by the North East Adventist University, Khliehtyrshi, Thadlaskein West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday. collaboration with various government agencies.
The Government has to take responsibility for all these incidents, said the MPHRC. The MPHRC strongly demands that the Government should find ways and means to ensure that the people who have been involved in such incidents They should get justice because these attacks have destroyed the entire state until there is no peace and order until today.
John is a former Deputy General Manager of Pohkseh North Block-II (opposite Madan Lum Shngain, Rynjah).
When you say, education that has value, you understand who will enter and become teachers,” said Babu Ron.
According to the Minister, if the Governor approves the VAB, it will become law.
Our leader, PA Sangma, who is also the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, has never seen the North East to be alongside other parts of the country.
In the quarter final of the U-17 (boys) category, Saw Lyngdoh H/S School beat Syiem Jingsuk Sec School 1-0
Emphasizing on the introduction of the CM-Connect Program where citizens can talk face to face with the government through various channels, namely through face to face, phone and digital, the CM said that the The state has more than 7000 villages, and the provision of services through the government in the neighboring villages is difficult and people have to lose their jobs to go to the block and district headquarters to get the service through the government.
We are human beings who have to live in relationship with our neighbors and neighbours. We don't have the right to attack the property of others for our own benefit.
During the visit of the Union Minister of State for Child Development in Ri Bhoi District, a meeting was held with all the government officers from various departments of the district to review the development works. has been implemented in this District as an Aspirational District.
Similarly, in the past few years, mawshun has become one of the most prominent commodities, the availability of this commodity has attracted private individuals and foreign traders to invest. dewbilat factories in the district.
Thus their lives were opposite because the man was gentle and the woman was strong.
The death toll from the incident has risen to
However, what is more interesting is the presence of famous valleys such as Nohkalikai Valley, Dainthlen, Riat Mawiew Valley in Sohra (Khlieh Shnong), Wahkaba Valley, Laitryngew, Nohsngithiang Valley, Mawsmai Nogthymmai Valley, Khoh Ramhah Valley, Laittyra village in the Sohbar Hima, Kynrem Valley in Umwai, Mawlong Hima, Wahrem Valley in Umniuh-Tmar and other valleys in the Mawkma-Laitlyngkot area such as Weisawdong Valley, Lyngngei, Mawsawdong, Mawsaw, Janainglarkshia , most of which are very beautiful to look at especially in summer and autumn.
KHNAM has two MDCs in the KHADC, Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit.
The issues to be discussed on the occasion were to strengthen the party, to strengthen the office bearers of various Zones, Primary Units and Sub Units and also to re-elect the vacant posts in various Zones and Units. diverse.
The member of the commission in charge of road safety officials has started his visit to Shillong and will also hold meetings in Jowai and Khliehriat. to Delhi on Tuesday.
If you ask why you want to stand for election? The answer from them more often than not should serve the public? When asked about the qualifications, many of the candidates who are contesting the election are not yet qualified to contest the election.
The union also said that the lack of accounts shows that the District Councils have not explained how they manage the money they have received and the HITO feels that such a The HITO said that it is a huge delay in the lack of accountability on the misuse of T. 265.58 crore for the year 2015-2
The election campaign in this constituency as seen in the past few days has been very intense especially after the filing of the nomination papers of the UDP candidate on 18th June.
The winners of this day were Yona Dkhar and Mil Dkhar who cooked Ja Shriew.
There is a delay, there is no share for our brothers and sisters with disabilities and those who are low income,” he said.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Kiang Susngi's mother is Sah Susngi from the Tharuh clan and his father is from the Pale clan of Ialong.
When every village has provided garbage trucks, why don't the residents go and dump in those trucks? If most churches can throw garbage in the garbage trucks, why do some residents protest? Therefore, such people who have no responsibility should be severely punished.
Speaking on the occasion, CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla said, “We don't have anything to say on this but we have witnessed a gradual change in the society.
They have registered their names with the Returning Officer of Tura, Pravin Bakshi.
Governor Chauhan also expressed his gratitude to the army and police who live day in and day out to protect the country from the enemies and to ensure peace and stability in the society.
Even insects can spread disease from one tobacco plant to another by sucking the water from one leaf, after which they stick to another tobacco plant.
The commission has directed that those officers who have worked for a long time in those areas or villages should be transferred to other areas.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the party, Bah Pateng Myrsing, said that if the government continues to remain silent, the protest will continue.
Amosly Nongbri scored in the 14th minute, Nangtei Kharbangar in the 22nd minute and Hamlet Thabah in the 48th and 57th minutes.
Shillong : As the protests against the CAA and the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state are increasing, the number of political parties among the youth is increasing. Mawhati Circle, which is also a Circle which has been suspended for many years.
This can happen even in the marriage and these things that are clear from the Dkhar culture are quick to spread in the Khasi society.
The Sub Committee on District Council Affairs of the UDP has held a meeting this evening on the above issues and on the letter received from Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, said that the UDP will wait for the 16th date. Whether your answer is true or not, it can destroy the party,” said Dr. Jemino.
Especially the planning department of the government should immediately send an inspection to the villagers, to know exactly all the problems, otherwise it is useless to talk only from the city without visiting the villagers. village.
After the incident, the villagers informed the police and BSF and after that, the BSF in South Garo Hills took the necessary action.
We would like to inform the visitor, who is the Executive Engineer of PWD, to understand his duty and how to do it,” said Bah Hamar Lyngkhoi.
The Governor's order came after receiving a letter from the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) on the 8th of this month regarding the failure of the three ADCs to send their Accounts of previous years and submission of CAG reports to District Councils.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said the two chief ministers will leave for New Delhi tomorrow and said the duty of the state governments is only to look after the The Khadar Administration, however, shall be through the authority of the Government of India.
New Delhi: One person has been killed in a shooting incident in Nepal.
According to Kong Agnes, it is not the duty of MUDA to sell or buy land but it is the duty of MUDA to look after the development of the urban areas of the state.
Nongstoin, July 03: Following the passage of the Act to ban all MLAs from holding two posts at the same time, many MLAs who also hold the post of MDC have been arrested. These seats have been resigned by the MDCs/MLAs from different constituencies under the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). There is also an election to fill these vacancies.
The rules for the opening of churches will be announced tonight, said a statement from Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister.
He said that the request to the Minister was made because the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has not done anything.
One of the elders has expressed his deep sorrow over the deterioration of the society in the area of ​​Khyndailad Road from behind the old Assembly building near the Pegasus Crown Hotel. The Shillong Club, asked whether they are their own relatives or relatives, and asked, “Has the prostitution been legalized in Shillong, Meghalaya?”
Jowai: Up to 10 Village Defense Parties (VDPs) in Jaintia Hills District have received awards from the Police Department in Jowai for their hard work in assisting the police and bringing about there is peace in the town where they work.
:On the occasion of the 52nd Anniversary of Meghalaya's Independence, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today unveiled the statue 'Ki Mawbynna' outside the Raj Bhavan, Shillong on the occasion of the 150th Anniversary of the Raj Bhavan.
She said that it will be from the commencement of the Reservation Policy which means that we have to go back to
The MJKA also requests the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to honor the MJKA athletes who have won international games and brought honor to Meghalaya since 2016-1 The MJKA would like to congratulate all the winners of the 9th Northeast Jeet Kune Do which was held on 12/6/2 Cotton College Guwahati Assam.
We are living in the most difficult days, the end times, man needs strong faith, because only by the grace of God man has been saved from sin, and by faith in Jesus Christ.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first by beating Nagaland by
He also asked the 36 MLAs from Khasi Jaintia Hills why they did not express their opposition or say anything when the Central Government has removed the word Khasi Jaintia District from the Eastern Bengal Frontier Regulation Act to the State Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in Khasi Jaintia.
Speaking on the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad said, “As the party, we will take a decision on our basis. meeting and after this, we will take a decision.
“We give our full support to all the people and civil society organizations who have come forward to demand and get justice especially for those people who have been victims of torture and seriously injured and tortured, violated of human rights at the hands of the Police.
TR Sangma was one of the teachers who died in the incident and his body was taken to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for post-mortem.
As a victory for the Defense Forces ahead of the Lok Sabha elections, about 15 Maoist militants, including one minor and two women, belonging to the Misir Besra, who wanted to be arrested, surrendered in West Singhbhum district of Jharkhand on Friday, police said.
We have to prepare ourselves to defend ourselves,” said Bah Mayralborn.
He served as Rangbah Shnong for 55 years and later as President of Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) for 35 years.
Jowai, Jymmang 18: A Class V-14 girl has been abducted by two men including a Khar Muslim and raped her until she died. no one was known at the time of writing.
The total number of cases in India is 35,42,733, while the number of recoveries is 27,13,933 or 76.47 per cent, while the number of recoveries is 35,42,7 There are 7,65,302 confirmed cases.
The scheme will provide water to four villages namely Nongjri, Nonghyllam, Poitbli, Nongumsur and Rajaju and covers 444 households.
Not a Hindu philosophy that a man should have one wife or Buddhist philosophy for a lifetime.
Another UDP candidate is Bah Stonely Shylla from Khliehriat.
“It is a shame for us Rangbah Shnong,” said Dr Kharshiing when asked about the government's decision to ban government employees from working together in the villages and participating in the organizations.
The incident happened at about 8:00 pm, when they raided the Riangmaw-Sohtympew area in the Shallang area and set fire to two coal trucks. don the numbers As- 01BC 3833 and ML07A-7
Therefore, we don't want to get lost. For example, 'the river is about to grow fish, now the fish are dead'. Let us know the truth that if we have responsibility and knowledge, remember that the right to life comes before the right. Therefore, to strengthen and enforce its own rights, the government should have a mining policy to protect people from starvation and the environment from starvation,” he said.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Langsning 5-0 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
I have written to Chief Minister Conrad on this issue, but I have seen in some newspapers that the UDP should not politicize this issue.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of the Society, Bah Lhai Khongshei, said that since 2010, the village has started to improve the village with the funds from the village fund and also through the 100 days MNREGS scheme. Twice, we have applied for assistance from the Sports Department of the State Government but no sign has been seen.
" The friend said, “What's wrong?
It is worth mentioning that the Nongpoh Solid Waste Management Project, which has been under construction since 2007, has led to the delay of the government in opening and using the landfill. Many of the leaders of the Nongpoh area, including the leaders of the Nongpoh Town Committee, Sengbhalang groups, Rangbah Shnongs and others, to express their anger and who have gone to the government many times, which is like forcing the operation of the landfill.
In the second category, two winners were Samla Menangmankhraw Kharkongor from St Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Samla Rilaakor Lamare from Auxilium Girls' Higher Secondary School, Shillong. who scored 569 marks.
I tell you that the NPP-led government will continue to do its best and fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state,” he said.
Therefore, no matter how proud a man is in this world, he must die once a day, because God has set the day of death for man.
When Zaveri saw this, he said he consulted the parents of other children, who said that they had found the same with their children, which had parents should demand that the records should be shown through the CCTV cameras installed in the classrooms.
“I didn't join the UDP, the HSPDP is not my clothes, but it is my blood,” said Fenela. “It was my beloved who sent me to Guwahati, when I came from that meeting I felt like I didn't support the UDP like the HSPDP but I supported Fenela because I “I want the unity of the people,” said Fenela.
Regarding the turning of vehicles, the drivers of commercial vehicles, expressed their deep sorrow that they had to turn only from Jorabad and the passengers had to turn only halfway and which affected the people. They also said that if it continues for a long time, it will mean that they will suffer even to get food.
This is not the time to fight politics.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Celestine said that although he doesn't know how to play chess, he sees that this game is intellectually stimulating because the players have to think carefully before they play chess. they will take the initiative to move forward in the fight.
Joshimath is a frequent gateway for Hindu pilgrims to Badrinath and Hemkund Sahib as well as the ski resort at Auli.
He also requested the school authorities to take advantage of this special program to send talented students so that they can be selected for training on their talents like this programme. It is also the first time in the state.
The promotion was confirmed after winning the quarter final match held at the Artificial Turf Stadium at Diengshynrum, Khliehriat on Tuesday.
Tomorrow the match will be between Khimusniang and Sohmynting at 3 pm.
He said that the duty of the DTFC is to search and repatriate the people who have been arrested even if they are not Indian citizens, but in the view of COMSO they do not see that there will be such a trip. The DC has searched even once a month and during this meeting the DC has seized the documents.
However, the signs of the signs have started to appear, and it can be said that many villages in the state have started to suffer even from the water supply, because many of the water wells have started to run dry. It is clear that the destruction of the environment by the widespread cutting down of trees and shrubs, without planting more trees in the future.
The semi final round of Meghalaya Super Star Season-III will be held on October 23, 2019 at 10:00 am at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
This information came from relatives.
However, in her heart she hoped that one day she would meet him again.
The incident came after the promotion of the State Advocate in Delhi who was promoted in 2014 to the Meghalaya High Court.
“This allocation includes the collection of revenue from Minor Mineral, Major Mineral and Motor Vehicle Tax, which the District Councils receive from the State Government but they don't know how much they should allocate to them. “As it is now, the Government has been allocating this amount, so we urge the State Government not to provide the right amount,” he said.
“Even in the midst of the shortage of income, we cannot refuse to earn because the drivers send us and the government does not allow us,” said another STPS bus driver.
In another match, EJH, which tied for 9 runs in 10 overs, scored 271 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 30 overs.
Before closing the meeting and distributing food items including Kham, Dai, Umphniang bam, Phan, Shini and Slasha, a speech was delivered by Rapborlang Nongrum General Secretary of KSU Mawlai Circle. The Sengkmie has directed all Units, Circles and District Units to ensure that no household in this Bri U Hynniewtrep should suffer from the distribution of food items. You can sleep without food during this lockdown.
“We are sorry to say that there is only one doctor in this hospital, the staff here cannot accept patients because there is no doctor,” said the KSU leader. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has directed the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to immediately provide Doctors, Staff Nurses and other necessities at this health centre.
Shillong, July 09 : The President of the MPCC and MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala on Tuesday criticized the working methods of the MDA government led by the MDA government. The National People's Party (NPP) has said that the government has not been able to fulfill its promise.
When inquired from the people of Mawshynrut Constituency regarding the election next year, they said that the struggle is very long, but as it is now the HSPDP candidate has hope. He is confident that he will win because the people have voted for the incumbent MLA.
Similarly, the sculptors have displayed traditional snaps and fragments of ancient sculpture from various parts of the country such as Lanjiya Saura from Odisha, Warli from Maharashtra, Madhubani from Bihar, Bhil from Rajasthan, Kond from Madhya Pradesh. , Pithura from Gujarat, Kuchipudi from Kerala, Jadopatiya from Jharkhand and many other traditional paintings of the deities of different peoples of India.
Each of the bodies has been recovered and the injured have been taken to Shillong Hospital for treatment.
The DC of Ri Bhoi District, Dr. Pandey, today told reporters that she is deeply saddened by the attack by the Assam authorities on the development projects in the area. After the understanding between the DCs of Ri Bhoi and Karbi Anglong, however, even after the return of these items, the Meghalaya government will continue to conduct an investigation into the incident. These incidents occurred at Umwang Square and also on the Umjaknieh-Jatalong road.
“We have listened to the concerns of the UDP and now we will talk to the HSPDP and after that we will bring together a platform to talk,” said Bah Wahlang.
When asked when he will step down from the post of CEM, Adelbert replied that he has already done his duty, which shows that he has already resigned from the post of CEM. The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya on Tuesday approved the appointment of an Administrator in KHADC, and sent a letter to the Governor to take the necessary action. The ARPA and PDF have the names of two MDCs James Sylliang and Grace Mary Kharpuri in the ARPA and PDF and another reason is that even though the ARPA has elected a new party. The government has already sent a letter to the Governor to hold a special session and election for CEM, but Adelbert Nongrum has not stepped down from the post of CEM, which the government has criticized. The government has sent a letter to the Lat to name the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay. Shillong, October 19: The area of ​​Shillong city includes from 6 Mer to Umiam to Mawlong, Mawdiangdiang and Laitkor.
Since July, 2023, the BSF has seized more than 97 lakh illegal drugs from the Indo-Bangladesh border of Meghalaya.
Shillong: HSPDP Leader Renikton L Tongkhar on Tuesday said that the HSPDP and UDP have decided to give freedom to their circles to contest for the upcoming MDC elections.
The group strongly condemned the government led by Conrad K Sangma for allowing these factories to import coal from Assam.
Student organizations across the region today held a flag raising ceremony in all the capitals of the states of the North East.
At present, the implementation of this project is in progress, but as it turns out, it has been seen that it is slow and the staff is very short, as there are only three or four people.
“Sooner or later, all people will have to learn to live and walk with this virus, but what the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has directed them to do is to follow the protocols, but the rapid spread of this virus The reason for the disease is that we don't follow the protocols.
When we look at Bible history, it shows that Power of Wisdom.
He said that after the completion of the repair works, another inspection will be conducted by a delegation of Bangladesh and India in the first month of November to take a final decision on the opening of the return to this border market.
“If our public awareness campaign on the VAB is illegal, we will be arrested,” said Ardent.
He said that many of these villages depend on the Wah Umngot and if this project comes it will provide employment to some of them, but many other villagers will be affected in agriculture, income generation. and it shall also affect the living creatures in the Umngot River.
The swearing-in ceremony was held at this meeting.
In this state, crop insurance or the responsibility of insurance companies for the farmers has not been seen to work.
In the first innings, SGH scored 114/5 in 20 overs with Marme M Sangma scoring 36 runs while Emisakani scored 36 runs. Warjri got 3/1
“Discussions are ongoing to find out the reason for this and our team is trying to arrange for it not to disturb the passengers,” the statement said.
North East Zone Cultural Center (NEZCC), Dimapur in collaboration with the Ministry of Culture and Heritage Meghalaya on Tuesday held a program to commemorate “Ka Phan Nonglait” - Tribute to Unsung Heroes. the village where the freedom fighter Ka Phan Nonglait was born and raised.
Juliana Margret Papang Advisor of the Seiñ Manbei Chief Minister Moolibang Shangpung spoke on the topic “The Role of Youth and Women in Religion”.
The employees immediately informed the village authorities of Khanduli and the village authorities informed the police at Saitsama OP and at the same time they left for the village. place.
"The meeting has decided to strengthen the friendly relations between the two countries," Sylhetu Deputy Commissioner Md Shahidul Islam told reporters after the meeting.
Guwahati: Hemanga Majumdar, 45, died today after being treated for COVID-19 at the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH).
Government authorities have misinformed 1,300 people in England that they have the corona virus.
When asked whether he can endure the heat of the weather in the village every day to drive a boat, he replied that when he was poor he had to endure it. Even in the rain or in the wind, he has to suffer and even in the heat, he says that he works as hard as he can.
Why is Christmas celebrated? The word Christmas is not mentioned in the Bible.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Marbisu Youth Association (KHADC) has demanded that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) should remove the powers and authority of Bah Edward Kurbah as the Acting Sordar of the village.
The Tourist Bus (AS 01 LC 1412) was seized by the Ri Bhoi Police. Police have raided the bus at Byrnihat. Two persons from Bihar have also seized marijuana suspected of being smuggled.
The state government has introduced this program to identify the poor and provide them with the best training in line with other countries.
Speaking to media, Michel Kharsyn Tiew said, “To ensure that the seat of 17 North Shillong will come to the BJP party, we have decided to join hands with Matamlin Pyrbot. who has decided that he will not apply for a ticket, but will support me"
So the rich Jews used to put money in the Temple and lend money to the people.
Speaking to reporters after the Cabinet meeting, which approved the speeches prepared for the Republic Day, Bah Paul said the preparation of the security forces will continue as usual.
Shillong, June 8: Shri Victor Suja of Lawmar Siang village, employee of Bah W. Marwein, on Tuesday informed the Officer-in-Charge of Saipung PS, East Jaintia Hills. Fourteen of his employees working at Umphum were found dead on Tuesday morning at 8:30 pm, and this was found by the driver of the vehicle at the workplace. Kynshew Marwein, where it was found that the 14 persons were lying dead with blood coming out of their mouths, heads and ears.
The Behdeiñkhlam festival among the Pnars of the Hynniewtrep people, who still hold the traditional religion in God the Creator, is held once a year during the rainy season, during the heavy rains.
The 25-year-old has played a major role in the team and helped the club win their first title in the Spanish and Champions League. They won the World Cup recently.
But God takes those cries, prayers and sorrows and uses them to improve the world.
Kyiv: Ukrainians have demonstrated against Moscow by holding the flag of the country today, or showing the unity of the people of the country. .
Fathers, Sisters, Elders and Religious Leaders of the Catholic Church from Nongpoh Parish were present.
French newspaper L'equipe posted a picture of Blatter leaving the stage after announcing his resignation with the caption, 'outside'
As part of the Behdeinkhlam ceremony, the Minister promised to provide financial assistance from the government for the improvement of the Blai House of the Seiñ Raij Mukhla and also the aitnar pond in Mukhla. Rs 6 crore has been released for the development of Aitnar in Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 09 : The President of the Congress in Meghalaya and MP from Shillong seat, Bah Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that he has no objection to the proposal of the state government to build a railway line. to Khliehriat, in the East Jaintia Hills.
Students from six schools in Mawtawar area and Mawtawar Pyllun Youth and Women's Organizations came to participate and carried placards with slogans to say 'em' to drugs.
(Res-I) dated 14.10.2022, the Government of India has renewed or revised the special reservation for Scheduled Castes, Scheduled Tribes and Other Backward Classes in respect of direct recruitment in in posts 'C' and 'D' and which also attract applicants from the villages and townships.
Repentance does not mean that a person has entered the Church, or by any outward sign like the Pharisees and Sadducees, because the Pharisees like to show outwardly that they are righteous. righteous and godly, but their works are against God.
He said that the school is only for selling and buying to the exploiters. In fact, he said that before the government takes the recognition, it should have allowed it to run. It was recognized in 2008 when Manas Chowdhury was the Minister of Education.
He said that the students of Khasi Jaintia need to work hard and minutes to get such a high percentage to reach the goal.
It is understood that the MDP party can nominate candidates for the upcoming MDC elections in many constituencies if it gets enough people.
“Therefore, if we can put up such a statue that will be famous for the whole world and not just in our Hima Khadsawphra or Meghalaya... There should be scholars who know how to tell stories. According to the story of the life of this king who fought against the British, the place where the statue was built should be a tourist attraction if we put this statue anywhere, We want the world to know about Syiem Tirot Singh in Hima Nongkhlaw through the statue and for the tourists to know about Syiem Tirot Singh who sacrificed himself for the sake of the country and the nation,” said Bah. Heck.
The NPP in the state and the NDA in the central government will enable us to work together for the development of the state,” said the NPP leader. Jirang Constituency, Ri Bhoi District has been severely affected and some have been left homeless by the storm which struck on Friday night.
Shillong: The FKJGP has demanded that the government should punish the employees who have done wrong and have not treated the people who went for treatment at Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali as happened to a woman who went to give birth. .
Police have not yet arrested anyone.
“You see that in the past few days or months, we have bought electricity at a very low price of T.3 crore per day.
Various competitions have been prepared as part of the program for the next two days including Quiz, Drawing, Debate and others among the students.
“Bah Paul said that regarding the demarcation in West Khasi Hills, they expect that it will be completed before April, including from the inspection of those places and the handover of the boundary. reports.
On the same day, a petition was also submitted to the CEM by the Secretary of HimaKwelshon Syiem, who mentioned many areas to beautify the hill in order to attract more tourists and to provide opportunities for the children of the Hima to earn a living through tourism.
He said the government needs the land because it has to build a road and if there is a petrol pump it cannot build it. and they should not be discouraged because even if they go to the law, they cannot be expelled.
In 2019, he was sworn in as Symbud Prime Minister while Devendra Fadnavis was sworn in as Prime Minister.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Marcus Marten, said that as the leader of the Union of Auto Drivers, he cannot help but express his sorrow to know about the problem faced by the owners and drivers of autos. He said that the MVI has caused a lot of trouble to the owners and especially to the drivers of the autos. , who want to do the paperwork themselves.
The members of the JAF include the village secretaries of the four villages and leaders and members of the Sengbhalang.
Fifteen people have been rescued.
Rangdajied will face Mawkyrwat in the second leg semifinal on November 17, while Sutnga will face Sutnga in the next leg.
His victory is also an encouragement to the British star, who has lost hope in his struggle to win trophies in tournaments. , after Murray had suffered many illnesses and injuries that had affected him for many years.
The union warns the employees of Block Jirang not to protest and if they still find jobs, they will take strong measures or even close down the office, as the state government has set aside a special office. This office is for the convenience of the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi so that they can complete their work on time, but it is an office where the employees come and go as they please. while the people were increasing from time to time.
Manipur on July 16 also witnessed clashes between security forces and protesters in Kwakta and Kangvai areas.
Only Taiwan and Nepal allow same-sex marriage in Asia.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that in 2015, there were 2500 employees in GHADC, but now after a thorough review, it has dropped to 1400 employees after the foundation. good.
The funeral service for her remains will be held on the 5th July 2024 at the Lum Jingthang of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Jaïaw.
These issues include the development of tourism, income generation and also to empower the youth in jobs to stand on their own feet.
Two motorcycles including a Yamaha R15 (ML 10 C 4295) and a Bajaj Pulsar ML 05 M 1313 were stolen by unidentified robbers. In the middle of the night on the 15th July 2023 from Mawlai Nongkwar and on the evening of the 15th July 2023, a motorcycle (ML 10 C 4295) was recovered from Warmawsaw in Ri Bhoi. The robbers were on the National Highway-6 and Umling-Patharkhmah road to Warmawsaw.
Three teachers were paid from the fund of the school but he himself taught without receiving salary.
Shillong, July 6: The election campaign in Mawlai constituency has started to heat up with many changes, starting with the departure of the leading leaders of the constituency.
Many were even brought to tears by the way this boy sang.
The 33 - year - old , who won the Rnong medal in the 5,000m at the CWG 2014 , has been suspended for four years after being found guilty of taking illegal drugs Erythropoietin (EPO).
Shillong: SCA-A beat SCA-B by 10 wickets in the second and final match of the Zone 1 Inter-District Cricket Tournament held at Nongpoh.
Tomorrow, about 585 herbalists will receive equipment such as tylliat, rynsan thad sun for herbs and money donated by the Department of Tribal Affairs.
The Women's World Cup will start from 20th November to 20th July
He said that the Hima has to keep them inside the Hima office until the State Government itself takes action against this incident which has happened in the area.
So far, there are 19 lakh foreigners registered in Assam and they have to prove their citizenship through the Foreigners' Tribunal in Assam.
He said that the handshake between the director and the doctors of the Cardiology department has affected the operation of this largest hospital in the East.
Various branches of the Seng Khasi Eastern West Khasi Hill District and the WKHD are also requested to participate in this tournament.
Finally, the Seng on that day, did not hesitate to take the necessary action by dismissing 26 foreign workers who have no documents and who have been illegally taken by the companies. road construction.
The reason is that here in Meghalaya it is very different from other states and it is difficult to get up to 100 hectares of land because there is a law on land tenure.
He said that he was able to attend the International Visitor Leadership Program (IVLP) in the United States through seeing many hard works and also through the help of others. de and also his visit to America is not only for personal gain but also with the aim of bringing new ideas to his country and Meghalaya as a whole.
That's why you're planting.
“I would like to inform you that the Prime Minister does not have the authority to issue Sanad Rangbah Shnong to anyone, as it is the responsibility of the Hima Mylliem and the KHADC. Thomas Passah's statement.
“As a citizen who loves sports and wants the State to develop in sports, I am very angry and condemn.
We should have hope that a decision will be made, for the good of all.
Corruption promotes only a few rich people while the poor continue to live in poverty and suffering.
After winning the semi final on Saturday, they have won the tournament.
On Monday, 46 members of the Lok Sabha and 45 members of the Rajya Sabha were removed.
Announcing this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Police Department, said, “It is a sad thing.
From 26th July 1950 (Republic Day) the Khasi States came under the jurisdiction of the United Khasi Hills Autonomous District under paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Therefore, the Police urge those who have received demand letters not to be afraid, but to inform the Police.
Therefore, we strongly demand that the Government of Meghalaya should no longer just watch, but should show its own power,” said the statement.
Sudeva Delhi took a 1-0 lead in the first half through Sreyas Valiyaveettu Gopalan. the opposing team.
It can be like a final, which has been held everywhere in which any team can reach the final.
Hamlet Dohling, President Youth Wing of the UDP, said that he had attended the meeting but there was no meeting but only a meeting.
The CEM's office has also issued a decision that it is not permissible to give jait to the father or to the jait of the mother because the Khasi genealogy is well-founded and besides these, the hope is the same. The Government should also take action on this Clan Bill.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Gilmil Syngkli said that there are many difficulties faced by him in this handicraft industry, because there are many needs to spend from wood, colours. and because he has to support his family despite many difficulties he has to endure just to be able to provide for the needs of his family.
As soon as these two laws came out, they became a subject that the people did not want to talk about either in the market or on the streets.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister expressed his gratitude to the AJMW&LU for taking part in the celebration. He said that after the election, he came today as the government to support the AJMW&LU. Muster Roll employee, said that he has reached the post of Prime Minister through the guidance of God which he did not think about because in 2018 he was not an MLA. The NPP leadership since 2018 has faced many challenges, but the government has not seen any decline in the working methods from the Cabinet to MLAs, Chief Secretaries to IAS officers, MCSs to Engineers. “This government is for everyone from the big to the small,” he said.
Let us start from now on, to produce short stories, which can entertain or refresh the mind.
School offices will be open three times a day with a staff reduction of less than 30 percent.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi said, “He will discuss this issue at the MDA meeting and also at the meeting of all political parties. the State.
Every religion will claim that it is through their prayers that God will deliver us from the plague.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has expressed his concern over the fact that some people do not wear masks, or that they don't wear them, only when they see that there are government officials in their homes. where they walk.
Even in East Jaintia, 50 to 70 percent increase from the pre-lockdown price.
“We will be able to discuss more on this issue related to the aspirations of the people of the country,” she said. state.
The Seng also alleged that there is also discrimination against the contractors and suppliers who are the owners of the state as well as against the contractors in these two dewbilat production plants.
Therefore, the union urges the foreigners not to take advantage of illegal entry without proper documents and at the same time, the union urges those employers Those who are Khasi, should not employ the Khasi first, because there are many jobs that the Khasi cannot do, but such jobs have been taken away by foreigners, who have just entered. illegal within the state.
However, the Voice of People Party has taken the precious time to meet the officer who issued this order, whether it is in accordance with the rule of law or not.
This is in accordance with the Electricity (Rights of Consumer) Rules, 2020, which states that there should be no unfounded power outages or unnecessary power outages by electricity supply companies.
After the arrest of these two robbers, there was a heated argument between the police and these two robbers, in which they insisted that they were not robbers, but they just came to the market.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : The Blind Football Tournament of the National Blind Football Tournament (NBL) has been held in Jamshedpur.
Before marriage, there must be an arrangement, an introduction from both sides, from the woman's household and from the man between the children and grandchildren. It is sacred, divine and not to be spread widely without valid reasons or if it is not something else that leads to the limit of releasing san shyieng.
This is one of the ancient customs that we don't know anymore.
The JCCRP stands on the firm ground that the government should improve the Reservation Policy according to the population of Khasi Jaintia because the population of Khasi Jaintia is too large for the Garo population. They cannot fill their share within the state and this has opened the door for other Garo people from outside the state.
In 2018, the NBAJAC had met with Conrad Sangma on the issue of allocating a new block for Narpuh, and in 2019, the NBAJAC had also met with C&RD Block Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar. and Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of Social Welfare in 2020 for assistance in speaking at the Cabinet meeting to create a new block for Narpuh.
He said that his departure from KHNAM is not a rebellion against Bah Adelbert or KHNAM but he has not rebelled until now and continues to work as he used to work in KHNAM. “It's true that I've changed, but I'm still working,” he said.
The Minister of Fisheries has met with the Fisheries Officers of the two Districts to discuss and urged the officers to deliver the benefits to the people so that it will attract the people to fish.
In another development, Bah Tarsius Mawlot, a strong supporter of the HSPDP and his supporters have decided to give their full support to Dr Pariong, the MDC candidate from the Congress party.
The celebration was inaugurated by the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MLA of Mawphlang, Bah MB Kurbah, Chairman of the KHADC. KHADC Bah Lamphrang Blah, Principal of St Paul's School Fr Jemeris Shylla, former and current students and others.
He praised the women of the jaidbynriew for being wise and responsible in managing the money not only at home, but in the community as well.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 20: Nongnah village is located near Lum Iawpaw in the Ranikor C&RD Block district, about 27 km from Mawkyrwat. Khasi Hills District is one of the villages that has taken the initiative to preserve the nepenthes pitcher plant.
In the sub-division, Justine Dkhar and Robinus Syngkon won the flag in Sohra, Kennedy C Khyriem in Mairang, Clement Marak in Dadenggiri and Stephenson Mukhim in Amlarem.
At the meeting of the CLP today, the four MLAs expressed their gratitude to the people for their trust in the party.
The dorbar will be conducted by Syiem Khynnah at 1 pm, said Minister K Nongkhlaw.
Recalling the wisdom of his father Purno Sangma, he said, “Everyone needs to work with a clear goal.
Mera Pyaar Bhara Namaskar or “I greet you with love”.
Martle said the scheme received from the Finance Commission under Part IX and IX (A) of the Constitution is not T.52 crore as reported but only T. .
Omega-3 fatty acids are another healthy fat that is beneficial for the blood vessels.
“We are doing the same and we want other MLAs to join us and we welcome friends who want to join the TMC. party after the announcement of the result,” he said.
A souvenir was also released.
It is on all these facts that Satan tries to hide man's understanding of the Word of God and does not want people to know this truth so that people can believe.
Neroca FC are in second place with 18 points from three wins, three draws and two defeats.
India was not only created by Hindus, Christians and others who have made a great contribution to the development of the country since the time of the British Government.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 3: Last Saturday, the residents of Langpih village have sent out a rangbah from each household to clean up the village streets and sidewalks from the beginning. from Government LP School to market station.
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WSA) has announced that it will hold the Inter School Badminton Tournament from 1st June to 4th July at the Indoor Hall of Chutwakhu Village Council, Jowai.
It is to be recalled that the Seng has already met with the District Commandant Home Guard on 01st March 2020 to discuss this issue.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the Mawlai Umthlong Dorbar Shnong for allocating 11 lakh tyngka from the MLA scheme for the construction of these roads. concrete.
On Saturday, about 2000 people including VPP leader from Garo Hills Rocky Marak, Nokmah, civilians and NPP employees and office bearers left to join the party. to the BJP at a meeting held at Resubelpara, North Garo Hills.
The Argentine players were delighted with the victory and threw Messi up at the end of the final.
Jowai, Nailur 30: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has tried to bring about the implementation of the Peace between the Karbi and Jaintia peoples.
The Foreign Mission also adopted the Cherra dialect as the basis of Khasi literature.
These newspapers are Kaun Hara (Hindi) from Hajipur in Bihar, Garam Hawa (Hindi) from Muzaffarpur in Bihar, Amrit India (Hindi) from Gwalior in Madhya Pradesh, Hamara Manzil Mahan (Urdu) Deoria in Uttar Pradesh, Awaz-E-Bihar (Urdu) in Patna, Taasir (Urdu) in Patna, Arthik Dhara (Hindi) in Patna, Sadbhabana Ka Pratik (Hindi) in Basti in Uttar Pradesh, Anugamini (Hindi) from Hajipur in Bihar, App Tak (Hindi) from Samastipur in Bihar, Jyoti Darpan (Hindi) from Karnail in Haryana and Kolkata Tender and Auction News (Weekly) from Kolkata.
The shad suk kara started on the 9th of June, which is the Pynsiñ Day and was led by the Seiñ Raij Tuber followed by the Seiñ Raij Shnongs and will end on the 20th. In July 2023, it is also a pleasure to hear the sounds of the Sukra dances from the Sieñ Raij Tuber and from various Seiñ Raij Shnongs, which fill the surrounding environment with holy sounds, along with They also performed the rituals, according to the customs of the ancestors, before they went down to the hills and fields to sow the seeds.
I took it because I have concern and I remember the constituency where the residents are farmers,” he said.
According to the SP of WJH, Lakador Syiem, all the injured BSF personnel were rushed to Khliehriat CHC and after receiving treatment, they were discharged. to NEIGRIMS including 21 BSF personnel and two civilians.
About 15% are Muslims and 2.3% are Christians.
“The government will have to demolish these buildings and build a new building, because the existing buildings are no longer safe, so the government will wait for the DPR. the department's side," he said.
Two feelings struggled in the soul of Kong Maya whether to accept or reject.
All the hard work during those years to stop the carrying of weapons was in vain.
Therefore, we express our concern that the office is not transparent in the opening of quotations and this makes us criticize their working methods.
Tynsong urged the party to reach its goal is to go to the people to convey the agenda of the party. If the NPP comes back to power, how will the party do? I have served the people.
Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat has received a place to teach archery and about 30 boys and girls have been selected to participate in the competition. long children who will be trained in this game.
Regarding the issue faced by the children of Shaw Bhoi/Shaw Buri/Ringbia, Bah Phrangsngi Syngkli, Raid Priest of Nongkyrla Raid, Bah William Syngkli, Secretary of Raid Nongpoh District, Bah D Lyngdoh, Child Priest of Raid Nongkyrla. Nongkhrah and other leaders of Marwet, Marngar, Nongkharai, Nongpoh, Sohkhwai, Nonglyngdoh and Jirang Hima have sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. to urge him to take measures to address these issues.
“It is not that I came here to show off but I have a responsibility to look after the supporters who have supported me and not like other parties who go to the market without campaigning. recognize the supporters.
Five-year-old Khola Altaf is now reported to be the youngest victim, despite Taliban leaders warning that children should not be killed shrink.
However, what is more obvious is the desire of Dr. John Roberts to share his knowledge with our Khasi whom he considers as his own people.
The poet of Myllung's poetry; to the earth he shall proclaim and proclaim the name of the land.
“The situation over differences with Pakistan and China has led to the demand for many weapons from abroad.
The Blind Audition will be held on November 2,
As a society we need to encourage and inspire the youth to become active and it is only through this that we can reduce the number of foreigners.
A case has been registered under Khliehriat PS Case No. 32(5) 2023 u/s 21(b) 29 NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
“We have already sent a proposal to the State Government to transform the Laban Sports Club into a Table Tennis Academy in the North East.
She said that the government has also tried to include Krai as a mission crop and also to encourage local workers and farmers to improve their production. rep Crying.
There are also Congress MLAs who are waiting for seats and they don't care if Dr. Mukul Sangma comes or others come but they should make sure that they get seats with one of them. Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA of Mylliem Constituency.
The match on Tuesday 21-02-2024 will be between Malki SC and Mylliem SC at 2:45 PM.
The Sports Department of Meghalaya has organized a program to encourage and congratulate the girls of Saiden Secondary School, Nongpoh (under 17 years old) who will represent the state in the State Level Subroto tournament. The Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 will be held from the 19th to the 26th of this month in Delhi.
On the other hand, the former Chief Minister admitted that some NPP supporters had threatened his life.
Nongstoiñ: At about 12:00 pm, a man from Umyiap village in Langpih area, while on his way to his farm, found the body of a sleeping child. die in this field of yours.
In the first phase, a Quiz Competition was held with the participation of various schools. The winner of the Quiz Competition was Lummuroo Secondary School and the runner-up was Kiri Daloi Secondary School. The RMSA also awarded prizes to the youth who have excelled in sports such as taekwondo, rock climbing, kick boxing and others.
Taking the original meaning of the Jainspong and the person who wears it, it shows the power and authority given to the person as their Leader to be the Advocate, the Prayer, the Prayer, the Nongsaindur, the Wayfinder, the Ksiang, the Advocate for many.
According to local sources, Hamas has killed more than 700 people and abducted more than 100 Israelis.
On the other hand, the DC said that he has already written to the state government regarding the need to purchase more motors but the government has not responded.
“In my state, if there is any tragic incident, I give free assistance to the relatives of the victims," ​​she said.
Informing that the support of the Government is also needed, he said that 75 ponds in the state will be set up in each district through the Amrit Sarovar Mission which aims to conserve water from the for future generations.
Bah Khongdup said it is the duty of the leaders of the District Councils to look after the interests of the people and the country and the nation.
On Friday, the AO of JHADC together with the Dolloi had visited the village to hold the election but due to the opposition of the people and the village leaders, the plan was cancelled.
Tynsong said the Lok Sabha MP election is about to be held with all the parties working in the MDA government.
This is the first time for Sangma to contest from the constituency, which his sister, Agatha K Sangma, who has been an MLA for three months, has recently left.
He said that according to the documents, it is not only the Tynghor Government LP School where the teachers have been dismissed, but there are many other Government LP Schools which have been dismissed. in the same way.
CSWO condemns murder of Bah Poipynhun The CSWO through Kong Agnes Kharshiing, President of JYF, has strongly condemned the murder of Bah Poipynhun Majaw, President of JYF.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has lifted the curfew on shops selling and manufacturing mobile phones and computers as well as fish.
He said that some people have complained about the issue to the court, but the court has rejected the answer by leaving it to the wisdom and decision of the Legislative Assembly and the government. to edit the Reservation Policy.
Shylla was also accused of misusing T.20 crore for the construction of a road to Wahkaji, where he allegedly deposited the money into his own account. This issue has appeared in the media in 2014, when there was also a CBI investigation, but on this issue, Bah Shylla won, because there was no use of bakla this money.
The High Court may summon the Principal District and Sessions Judge to submit the report.
He also urged the other four MLAs of Ri-Bhoi to cooperate to force the government to take action while the Government of India through the Niti Ayog is still recognizing Ri-Bhoi. District as an Aspirational District in the state because if the 5 MLAs of Ri-Bhoi have the cooperation regardless of the party they belong to, the Secretariat will work for the benefit of the youth with the support of the people. .
However, fortunately, there was no incident or loss of life in this state.
In this age, the market controls and manages these stories- the love that is the essence of humanity has now been managed and owned by merchants and companies who market festivals for profit private property.
The wieh and niangstar are destroyed but refuse to give the cows that have given birth.
Pay for Right FT Academy's Sylvester Nongneng scored four goals in the 2nd, 14th, 22nd and 44th minutes while Wanrahbok Kharsati scored in the 30th minute. .
“He said that in the state as a whole, according to the findings of the Ministry, most of the families are where the mother has to carry the children.
Therefore, he hoped that the party under the leadership of Bah Sounder Strong Cajee will win the elections and extended his best wishes and prayers that God will be the guide in the journey of the party. that is the end of the day.
On the 28th October 2023, the match will be played between Kick Start Football Academy and Madanryting SC at 4.15 pm at Ground-2, Polo.
The aim of the youth is to address the backwardness of the Lai Shnong area in many aspects and the organization has been named Lai Shnong Youth Welfare Organization, Sohra Syiemship.
Referring to the labeling of the TMC as a party of foreigners, Banerjee said, “Are Dr Mukul Sangma and Charles Pyngrope foreigners?”
Shillong: The State Government today decided to ban foreign trade in the state, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. Special meeting to monitor the situation in the state.
The Union Minister of Women and Child Development, Maneka Sanjay Gandhi will visit Shillong on 18th June
Shillong, Naitung 23: The Polo Market under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) is in fact for the people to earn a living from this place. Most of the foreigners are not allowed to shop in this market.
And in this second heaven are included first the astral plane, then the Hive level or the abode of demons and the third abode of Lucifer (Kingdom level) the kingdom of Satan. .
Dino Martins, an entomologist, said that the rapid invasion of these insects will cause serious damage to the environment tomorrow.
According to the sources, if the UDP had decided to sit in the opposition from the beginning, it would have been easier for it to win the Sohiong election.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) hopes that the peace talks between the central government, the state government and the HNLC will also bring about a change in the political, cultural and political system. to strengthen the Hynniewtrep people.
I will honor his revelation without adding my own.
Mairang Police Station is conducting a thorough investigation to find out the cause and facts of the incident.
The collapse of the siej bridge at Wah Rew and the heavy collapse on the road leading to Mawryngkhang trekking point in the past few months due to heavy rainfall has caused the visitor center to become a tourist attraction. but thou shalt not go anywhere else.
The house belongs to Beatrice Marbaniang, Gilbert Marbaniang and Isabella Marbaniang, residents of Keating Road. hundreds of bottles of English liquor from her residence.
They include Mary Sawian from Tynring and Teimiki Sungoh who is currently studying at St. Edmund College.
Therefore, the Seng expresses its deep sorrow and condemnation to this person, who has committed such acts which are no longer in accordance with the society, in being a human being which is shameful and shocking. to the people, especially to the whole country.
"Others who were present, after Bah Shanbor's statement, agreed.
“The decision we took yesterday is the best because before we take a decision we have considered all the aspects and we take a decision according to the availability of funds in the state government,” he said. said Rymbui.
The most important parts are as follows: MODEL CODE OF CONDUCT Model- is the Model, Code is the set of rules, and Conduct is the code of conduct. to do.
Shillong: Out of the 155 new cases of covid-19 in Ribhoi, 81 cases have been confirmed, including 70 policemen and 9 high risk contacts.
On the 16th, the President of India will meet with the people at Madan in Mawphlang near Law Kyntang. two persons from each party.
Over time, some writers began to write fictional or true stories, novels, religious books, school textbooks and others.
The union leaders said that they will soon meet with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi, Arpit Updhyaya to discuss the issue of taking action to improve the needs of the students of the school. They have suffered a lot from the lack of attention of the school authorities.
About 99 percent of Christian churches in Imphal have been burnt down or destroyed during the clashes between the Meitei and Kuki since 3rd June this year.
This will create job opportunities and improve the quality of life in Tura, said the Sengbhalang in a petition to the Prime Minister.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The casual employees of MeECL under the umbrella of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union (CCORMAU) on Monday launched a strike. They protested by holding flags in all their workplaces to demand that the government should implement their demand to dismiss them completely and also to release their arrears.
If you plant it in the soil, it will produce about 60 pounds of nitrogen per acre.
From the light consumers of Riwar Pynursla area, we urge the authorities to explain exactly to the public the lack of light.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has made it clear that it will not accept to discuss the issue of the railway line until the Inner Liner Permit (ILP) is implemented in the state.
Her friend was glad that she said that because he too didn't want to be a rongphong or to run like the rich.
Also present at the campaign were UDP East Khasi Hills President Titos Starwell Chyne, HSPDP Panbor Ryntathiang, Starfing Pdahkasiej and others.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the village has not received electricity since the 25th of last month but from today the village has received electricity again.
" Kmie asked.
After this, these three persons were tied and bombed by the crowd until they died while the others escaped.
It is only in the name of Jesus that demons can be cast out.
In this regard, President Gustavo Petro sent a message of condolences to the families of all these leaders, as part of expressing his condolences on the loss of members of the Legislative Assembly in This is the worst thing that happened at this time.
Dr.P Shylla, Blood Bank Centre, Jowai Civil Hospital, has praised and congratulated those who are willing to donate blood and through their generosity it will help the sick to get blood. She encouraged all the blood donors to continue their good work.
I agree with MP Pala's statement that the UDP is not worthy of holding large portfolios because we have seen the shortcomings in their work.
They said that the man had promised to get them jobs in India at the price of Bangladesh rupees and also to prepare the necessary documents for them.
“The inability of the state to get the ILP may be because our MP Bah Vincent H Pala is against the implementation of the ILP in the state. He said that it is necessary for the residents of the state to elect a person who can speak on this issue.
He expressed his satisfaction that the farmers have turned to other methods of farming such as cash crops.
But in the soul of the enemy, which itself cannot be eaten, nor can others be allowed to eat, which kills the dohum, which if allowed to live in the rivers, perhaps they will die. It will increase the number of fish and that the waters of the rivers will be filled with all kinds of dohum, which will revive the spirit of the rawon.
LP School in Mawpud village which has been destroyed by the natural forces.
He also announced that about T.100 crore has been allocated for many development works and projects in Chokpot, South Garo Hills, including Chokpot Water Supply, Guest House, New Civil Sub Division Building and 12 mer of Chokpot Road.
He said that with this bill, the central government will deprive the state government of the right to run the State Load Dispatch Center (SLDC). He said that the government's goal and purpose is to benefit the rich friends of the government and if such a law is allowed to become law, it is the people who will suffer. be strong and suffering.
He also expressed his concern over the confusion with the Land Acquisition Acts in various Shnongs, Raids and Himas which has caused conflict in various places.
Supporters of the VPP party from all over the country have come to witness the launch of the party's flag. More than 1,000 supporters have attended the rally in Smit. participation of party office bearers.
Amit Saraf won the first prize while Silkam A. Sangma from Garo Hills won the second prize.
The party expressed its regret that it seems that there is no democracy in the state, he said, adding that the people should be vigilant against the allegations that have emerged in these cases. Shillong, March 14: The HNYF Mawlai strongly condemns the patrolling of the SWAT in Shillong to intimidate the people as if this place is a place like in Shillong. in Kashmir and Afghanistan.
The names of the Ministers who will be sworn in tonight are as follows: Narayan Rana Sarbananda Sonowal Dr Virendra Kumar Jyotiraditya ScindiaRCP Singh Ashwini Satya Pal Singh Baghel Rajeev ChandrasekharMs. KarandlajeBhanu Pratap Singh VermaDarshana Vikram JardoshMeenakashi Written by Annpurna DeviA NarayanaswamyKaushal KishoreAjay BhattB L VermaAjay KumarChauhan Rajkumar Bhagwanth KhubaKapil Moreshwar PatilPratima is Pravin PowerFaith Tudu Shantanu Thakur Munjapara Mahendrabhai John Barla Dr L MuruganNisith Authentic.
“He said that the union is very sorry about the increase in the price of 350 tyngka, but it cannot escape because the cows have not been bought from the Khanapara market, because the price is as low as buying village cows.
These experiences of Jesus in the wilderness became the foundations of the struggle for a just and impartial society.
This impact of education on students should not be taken for granted.
However, Gokulam fought hard and managed to score the first goal in the 43rd minute through Nili Perdomo.
If you don't know where you are, how can you know?
When asked about the location of the government's relocation, he said, “Until today, we have not received any information. “We have an opposition and we haven't received any news yet about their plans to evict us”.
“The AITC strongly condemns the spread of such false news by the robbers.
He also expressed his surprise at the delay of the MDA Government in making public the report of the inquiry even after Justice T.Vaiphei had already handed over the report to the Chief Minister.
Shillong: Lumparing beat Kharang FC in the 3rd Division of the Polo Ground today.
The tournament was inaugurated by the General Secretary of EJHDFA, Coming One Joy Tlang in the presence of the Waheh Shnong, Diengshynrum, Wilbert Nongtdu and members of the Association.
“Our candidate has been defeated by the votes he received in this election,” said Bah Lapang.
The CTC of 26.09 LPA has made IIM Shillong one of the most attractive institutions. 20% of the students in the top ranks have received a CTC of 35.35 LPA and 50% AB InBev, Aditya Birla Capital, Axis Bank, Bain & Company, Capgemini, Cipla, Deloitte USI, EY, Goldman Sachs, HSBC Bank, IBM, Infosys Consulting, ITC, Jio Platforms, JP Morgan Chase & Co.
In conclusion, I would like to remind you that health is considered to be the 'Good of the People' and in this story about the COVID vaccination campaign in India, the role of the Government this belief was further strengthened.
Hek in the presence of Secretary, AH & Veterinary, Dr. C. Manjunathan, IFS, Deputy Commissioner, J. Chelani, IAS, BDO of Rongram, TN Sangma, MCS, Director, AH&V, Dr. R.Ch.
“If it is the government or the rebels, if they do anything wrong, we will stand up because it affects the people,” said Bah Ardent. Even if you stay in the house, you will die.
It is to be recalled that on the 13th of this month, the house caught fire at 11:00 pm when all the people had gone to work and when the people came to visit. help they cannot put out this blazing fire.
After they had parted, the sky began to darken and they went home.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah Shembha Rynjah Asst Secretary East Khasi Hills, Bah Maxwell Lyngkhoi President HSPDP Mawsynram and Bah Peter Kharnaior Secretary HSPDP Mawsynram.
“We will provide land for the vendors before turning Khyndai Lad into a pedestrian area and according to the National Act, we should complete this by April 2023,” he said.
T.2 lakh crore loan to benefit 2.5 crore farmers under Kisan Credit Card scheme• Special program to be launched to provide low interest loans to PM-KISAN beneficiaries through Kisan Credit Card.
“During these 42/43 days of waiting results, the EVMs will be guarded so that the paid voters will not have time to interact with them, they will not be allowed to interfere with anything and will have to rely on the guards. and administrator of elections".
Regarding this complaint, we have filed a complaint on the grounds that since 27 May 2021, there has been a power outage in Padu Village, Mawjyllang Village, Paduawsku Village, and surrounding areas. and the transformer has been damaged since 27 May 2021 until now these villages and surroundings have not received electricity.
The JYF and SBYWA have condemned the government and MeECL for launching the UGO Billing Software in the rural areas and alleged that there is something behind it because the people in the rural areas are in the dark about this. method of payment without new light.
On agriculture, she said that this is the first time that she has been appointed to this department and she will take action because the state still has many farmers and she wants to help and develop. to the farmers in all directions.
The UDP also held a protest in Shillong over the power outage in the state and demanded the resignation of the Minister of Power.
"I still hold on to my traditional religion and I am proud," said Comingone. He said that as of now, the youth have started to surprise people and have started to love their own religion.
The BM of NEDFi Bah P.Rymmai explained to the participants about NEDFi and its activities in the North East which include the provision of assistance in the form of funds, assistance in the form of training to more skilled in their own activities in the field of agriculture, agriculture and inheritance and others.
In these days, Rupang has been closely monitoring the situation of the politicians in the state, and sources said that there are about three or four to five leaders who are currently in the state. The Congress party is talking about joining the BJP and contesting another election.
This book is written in English and the author hopes that it will help not only us the indigenous people, but also other people in the country and the world to know about U Kiang Nangbah.
He also directed to explain to the leaders of the shopkeepers' associations.
The people have the right to elect their MLAs in the elections.
In Assam, the BJP will decline and will not win as much as it did before.
Therefore, she urged the children and youth to use their talents properly so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
She said that in 1980, they got a place to live on Motphran Bridge when Bah Humphrey Hadem was the Minister of PWD. of the of the shop.
If you don't have the evidence and say how all the bills were routed through DHS, this is not the case".
He also praised the working methods and cleanliness of NEIGRIHMS and said that the Government is determined to improve the working facilities in this area so that it will become a a center for health services, research and training for those working in health services within the region.
“We need an independent investigation because we want and continue to want the government to take action on this issue for the benefit of the people of the state,” said the AITC leader. The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (AITC) government on Tuesday said that the appointment of inquiry committees by the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma is only a misleading statement by the government. .
“These are the Hidden Agendas which the Central Government is trying to fight against.
Northrop Grumman has not disclosed the cost of the project, but said its initial funding from the US government will be about $1,000,000 (£788,000).
AMALPSA has questioned the government how these 667 schools came into being and where they are located because according to the figures received from the DSEL, there are only 558 Adhoc schools. have.
Regarding the arrest of these youths, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the party strongly condemns the arrest of these Khasi youths, because they were forcibly arrested without any proper grounds.
This was followed by a candlelight vigil in the ground floor of the office.
In the past few days, the union has visited Ratachera to inspect, but found that the road is deteriorating gradually with the passing of the days, due to the false promises of the NHAI. The residents of East Jaintia Hills District and other members of the Sengbhalang, to come and join hands in this protest by sleeping in the middle of the highway.
Sangma said the government has already approved a new policy last year which empowers the Deputy Commissioners to implement the relief measures in case of any incident. the events were caused by the forces of nature.
In the flyweight 56kg category, he fought against boxers from Nagaland and Uttarakhand.
In a letter to the Executive Engineer, East Khasi Hills Distribution Division, FKJGP Circle President Evanfield Khonglam said that the residents of this area have not been informed about the time of the power outage. they turned off the electricity.
“As I have said on various occasions, the main goal is to have a close relationship with the people.
Meghalaya vs Delhi.
According to Bah Tynsong, the documents of the land owners collected by the committee have been handed over to the KHADC and later handed over to the state government to take the necessary action. KHADC has not passed the Land Bill.
He also acknowledged that government jobs have become increasingly scarce, the vacancies do not exceed 1200-1500 spah per annum in various departments.
He promised to buy land, but he was not allowed, because he was not the owner of the land, even though he was a Riewlum.
Shillong: A man from South Garo Hills has been arrested by the police from Malki, Shillong on the 15th of this month on charges of killing his wife in
JSU leaders today met with the DMHO, West Jaintia Hills District KC Ajar regarding the shortage of doctors at Dawki PHC for four months.
Shillong, July 29 : U Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President KSU Sengkmie who was the chief guest on Tuesday launched the three day Maitshaphrang Inter Dong Football Knockout Tournament organized by KSU Mawroh. Unit in the presence of Samla Biangbor L. Paliar President KSU Mawlai Circle and at the same time Vice President of KSU Mawlai Circle as the Chief Guest.
Laitkor SC will face Lumparing SC (runner up Group B) at 2 pm, followed by the winner Group B of last season. , Mawlai SC against PFR Academy at 4 pm.
If it was at the time of their climb, they would have fallen on the rock.
HITO Jowai together with the HITO Jowai under the leadership of Incharge Solomon Rymbai and General Secretary HITO Jowai Izameyoo Susngi, conducted a surprise inspection and found 3 An Ejahar has been lodged against them and handed over to the Ummulong Police Beat House for further investigation.
On Friday, he tried once, but could not, as the road was blocked by the police.
For these scribes and Pharisees are men who lay heavy burdens on the shoulders of men, but they themselves do not lift even their fingers, but force others to do so.
She had a rynieng ryniot and a beautiful face, white like a puri blei.
Speaking as the chief guest at the meeting, Prestone said that he doesn't like to lay the foundation stone for the work.
The Black Day protest of the North East Students Organization (NESO) today against the enactment of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2019 has gone smoothly.
During the training, jhur seeds were also distributed to 58 farmers.
The Sordar Shnong in his speech welcomed the HYC leaders and urged the youth of Namlang that when they are now inside the village, to speak out.
The meeting was convened by the Maw traders of the area including Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, Shining Khongthohrem, Pynhun Massar, Wan Massar, Hiw Massar, Ri Massar, Alvinstone Khongthohrem and others. Four quarry workers have been severely affected by the order of the Meghalaya Pollution Control Board.
The Association has also decided to set up an office of the JHTOA at Phra Mer, West Jaintia Hills District to serve as its headquarters.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, said that the body of Drit Byrsaw, 54, has been recovered from Kenmynsaw, while Robino Kynter, 56, is still missing.
Your practice is not enough.
According to reports, the blast occurred during a prayer meeting of about 2,500 believers.
The audience was also encouraged by choir songs from various youth churches.
One of the villages which has received the burial grounds from the Hima Mylliem is Mawlai Mawdatbaki. The Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah BR Kharmujai, has written a letter to the Syiem to complain that there has been a sign of entry by unknown persons within the boundary of the cemetery. this village.
He said the department will use drones to monitor traffic jams and the police can monitor these videos in relation to traffic jams and even during times of instability and floods.
Through this occasion, the NPP Jirang Block also honored the students who passed well in the SSLC examination and also honored a star filmmaker, Dominc Sangma, who received the SSLC examination. khusnam National Film maker Award.
Khim Shingh was admitted to NEIGRIMHS Hospital on 22nd July 2020 for fever and shortness of breath.
Therefore, through this statement, we would like to clarify that this news is not true.
He said the Central Government will spend up to T 24,000 crore on this major campaign.
The slowness of the Heads of Government especially HDR Lyngdoh Minister has surprised us more and more because we want to eat too much.
Speaking to u SP, Superintendent of Police (SP) M Kharkrang said that the police have taken these leaders of HANM for investigation and the investigation is ongoing. proceeded, but it was not clear on which incident was taken for investigation.
Lady Health Visitor, Nartiang PHC, gave the training on “Consequences of Early Pregnancy” and Ms. T.Lapasam (Community Health Officer, Nartiang PHC), gave the training on “Consequences of Early Pregnancy”. HIV/AIDS”.
Other political parties are still in talks before announcing their candidates.
He added that the discovery of Garcia Luna could also help Mexican officials commit corruption.
The Home Ministry has released Rs 95.78 lakh for the project.
It is worth mentioning that the Nar Bridge at Dwarksuid was opened to the public on the 25th of October and as of now, less than a month later, the Bridge has been damaged.
Shillong: A delegation of State Ministers, including Urban Development Minister Hamletson Dohling, PHE Minister Samlin Malngiang and Government Secretary Agatha K Sangma, on Tuesday visited Alappuzha, Kerala. in charge of sewage disposal and treatment in the city.
“We have found that there are 7653 vacant posts, so the government should immediately fill the vacancies according to the RTI,” said Bah Dundee.
In the Legislative Assembly elections held in June this year, the VPP, a newly emerging political party, won four candidates in the 60-member Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
He said that it is very sad to see the illegal mining of coal in the state even though the State Government has already banned it with its protection and especially the illegal mining of coal in the state. This illegal mining of coal has been seen recently in East Jaintia Hills District and has led to the loss of precious lives.
It is worth mentioning that a High Level Committee was set up in 2018 to consider the need to remove these employees of the Municipal Department from this area and allocate them elsewhere.
No Vehicle Zone has been set up in parts of the MDC Hostel.
The event was attended by Bah Olan Suin, Co-Chairman, Bah K Nongbsaw, SDO, PHE Mawsynram Sub Division, Junior Engineers, Elders, Women. parents and others.
“Those who live here may not understand their value, but those who come from abroad appreciate them,” he said. The Meghalayan Age has been a source of inspiration for the tourism industry.
On 22nd November, 2022, five persons were shot dead by Assam Police at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills.
West Khasi Hills District is still the lagging behind district in terms of Tika vaccination for children and for other necessary vaccinations, the scheme was first implemented in West. Khasi Hills and the two districts in the state which have been selected for the scheme include South West Khasi Hills and West Garo Hills.
He also expressed his gratitude to the MSOA management for spending time and energy to find talented children from across the state.
The party also expressed its condolences to all the loved ones of Bah (L) Marbaniang.
According to information received from the DC, there are also security forces from abroad besides the state police. The SP said that no foreign security forces have been called. “We have enough security forces and we have decided that we can control as much as we have,” said the SP.
Shyam S.Pachar top scored with 50 runs from 66 balls and Himlal Chettri tied 20 runs from 29 balls.
They will also discuss the delay of the Syiem in convening a meeting with the farmers and traders regarding the kilo cut in the market and others.
Both goals were scored by Badondor Marbaniang.
The Director of Independent Power Producers (IPP) has requested for permission to install a Pump Storage Hydro Scheme in the project to make it a viable project, which will increase the cost.
On the part of the ASHA Jaintia Region, they also thanked the staff of the National Health Mission of the State Government for their assistance in providing the necessities for the ASHA workers to improve the health of the people. the whole country.
“The DC of East Khasi Hills has banned the import of fish on the basis of the report of the Commissioner of Food and Safety.
In another development, Home Minister Amit Shah today said that the Indian government will immediately remove the illegal immigrants from all over India. from Assam.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's true,” said the mother.
The Seng Khasi leader expressed his surprise that such an incident has never happened before but it started happening after the incident which happened on the 24th of July when the foundation stone was laid. The headquarters of the Mylliem Khasi Association has been destroyed.
Marbarin Nongrum scored the first goal for Mawlai and won the Player of the Match award.
Therefore, once again we demand from the relevant authorities to immediately provide the shortage of water which is the cause of the lack of water in the village.
Recently, the Upper Primary Teachers' Union of Adhoc Schools recently demanded from the Minister to transfer or promote the Adhoc Teachers who have more than five Adhoc Schools in the state.
Education Secretary KSU Laskeiñ Circle.
He said that the Minister of Water Resources has inspected the well recently and found that the well has been affected by shyiap, stone quarrying and others.
Our Khasi says “KA JINGIATIPLEM” (i) the power of thought to distinguish between good and evil (ii) the understanding of one's actions whether they are right or wrong (A Khasi Dictionary – By Rev. Fr. I.Kharkongor ).
The funeral service will be held on 12.08.2021 at 10:00 am at Khimmusniang Cemetery, Jowai.
" I was surprised at that unexpected answer.
He scored 11/83 while Chengkam Sangma scored 1/2
Shillong, Jymmang 14: The ANVC (B) has admitted to having 150 members three months ago, said SK Jain, Chief Superintendent of Police (ANVC). He said that now there may be only 135 or 140 people because some of them have died.
The team was led by the SP(T) and included Addl.SP(T), SDPO(D), SDPO(R), CI(S), OC Phulbari, other officers and Police have raided the area in Dibru Hills Forest Reserve.
“Why are there so many ranks besides that the salary is different from each other,” he said.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 4,011,000, with the death toll in China rising by 17 and the number of infections worldwide rising to 110,0
“We have received a complaint from the residents of Diengiei area and we are very sorry that the PWD (R) department has not taken action to order the contractor to clean up the collapsed soil which has covered the road. " he said.
After becoming the longest serving Doctor for 10 months in the post of Director in more than 2 years, she was replaced by Dr.A.Dkhar from 22nd June 2013 to dated 4th November 2013 showing that he had remained in office for about 4 months.
“Therefore, in order to protect the minority ethnic minorities in the North East who have already been affected by the illegal entry of Bangladeshi authorities, the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 should be banned. “It has affected the situation in the North Eastern States,” said the Chairman of NESO. After 10 months, the Shillong Sports Association on the 18th of this month has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the situation in the North East. Shillong Premier League (SPL) will start the remaining tournament of the 2023 season. In the opening match of the tournament, Rangdajiej United FC, who also hold the title of winner of the tournament, Rangdajied United FC beat Nongthymmai S&CC 1-0 in the 61st minute to score the first goal of the match. .
India added three more gold medals through Dipika Pallikal and Harinder Pal Singh in the squash (mixed team), as well as the men's and women compound. ) came in the top spot.
The JSU has expressed its concern that the foreign trade should be stopped because it is not known how the government departments should take action to follow the rules or SOPs. For example, only DMR, Custom and truck drivers are not known where they came from and the JSU is afraid that through this trade will lead to the spread of Coronavirus. .
I don't know why, but I'm sorry because even those of us who are not inside our country can't come, but we're allowed to come outside.
If we can stand up against evil, we will be able to overcome many of the challenges that the country and the nation face from time to time.
On the other hand, the President of the HNYF East Khasi Hills District, Bah Bless Dkhar, has appealed to those people who have received these news demanding money to come to the HNYF for help. They went to the media, without being able to tell the truth.
This also helps to brighten and refresh tired eyes.
On the other hand, the GNC, Bah Agustine Marak, reminded that the demand for Khasi Jaintia State and Garo State is an old demand which was signed by two leaders who did not eat kwai. (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and (L) Clifford Marak and it needed to be revived.
According to India Today, Meghalaya is the last in best performing small state overall in terms of governance. , agriculture , health , sanitation , peace , tourism , income , infrastructure , education , environmental protection , development entrepreneurship and inclusive development.
Human hatred and violence have brought about the destruction of the world's society.
Now it takes billions of rupees to contest an election whether in the city or in the countryside but in the past, if there was only the fuel fee to go around the country, that was enough.
Similarly, candidates who want to contest the election have started looking for which party they want to get tickets.
After decades of Raij Mawbuh, the Seng Khasi Kmie was taken over by the Seng Khasi Mawlai after one of the elders of the Raij Mawlai. Seng Khasi, Bah HO Mawrie.
The program was enriched by the performances of the youth of KSU Girls Wing.
Beirut : To kill ISIS chief, many witnesses are needed to ensure that the United States has not done wrong by other people and in such a case, one of the Syrian Kurdish soldiers, has fallen to go to the house where ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi lives and steal his underwear in order to Polat Can, a Kurdish adviser to the Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF), released the detailed report, which led US troops to to attack Baghdadi's residence.
The filmmaker will start searching for actors and actresses from the state by conducting a selection process, which will start on 27th March and the venue will be announced.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday lodged a complaint in connection with the bomb blast in Udhampur against two Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) militants. said the investigation team officials.
The district authorities and police are in the middle of sharing information with the Assam authorities to ensure peace and order.
“The Garo have come to settle in this Khasi Hills because they have been displaced by other ethnic groups.
There have been diseases that have a great power to kill...up to nine out of 40 patients have died and those who remain have become paralyzed or stupid, but now we can expect In the past, we accepted that sickness and death were the will of God, but now we confess by faith that healing is also. it is the wonderful will of God.
A 28-year-old man has fallen into a flooded river at Hatma Saraitand in Lalpur area of ​​Ranchi on Sunday.
Oliver Pale of Oxford FC won the top scorer award, Forlic Dkhar of Kynjai Para-I FC won the best goal keeper award and Premrose of Kynjai Para-I FC won the best player award. Chyrmang, MDC-JHADC in the presence of Treiborlang R Suchen, General Secretary JSU Central Body, village elders and members and office bearers of the Chilliangraij Sports and Youth Affairs Committee.
He said that these religious leaders were at the airport and were returning to Shillong, and there should be no worry or spreading false information in this regard.
There were those who supported, but their voices were drowned out by the majority of those who criticized.
The KSU, which is a member of NESO, also held a flag raising ceremony in Khyndaitlad, Motphran and other prominent places in Shillong. .
The campaign was led by the President of the HYC, Bah Robert June Kharjarin, General Secretary, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, President of the HYC Ri Bhoi, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem. Bah Hercules Suting and other leaders from the district and the party and from the district.
Those who disagree with the party's working methods leave, such as Yashwant Sinha, who is the current Presidential candidate of India.
And in less than half a day he was all done.
Shillong: The ANTF from East Jaintia Hills together with Khliehriat Police and Ladrymbai Police Station have conducted several raids to track down drug traffickers in the district in the past three days. They seized about 45gms of heroin.
The injured were identified as Khodija Begum and Salima Khatun from Ullubari Guwahati who were rushed to hospital for treatment. to conduct an investigation.
“We will ensure that licenses for quarrying and shyiap should not be issued in places where there are streams and wells,” said Bah Lahkmen.
The Minister was responding to a question regarding the opposition of various groups to the Government's plan to conduct an inquiry into the construction of the railway line to East Jaintia Hills.
Meanwhile, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who is also the opposition MLA, stood up and requested the Governor through the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, Meghalaya is not a Hindi-speaking state and we have gone along with Assam because the Assam government is trying to send us to speak Assamese. I have allowed this to come into the Legislative Assembly of the State”.
Hep sat down next to her and began to slap her.
The winners of the World Cup will qualify for the 2024 Paris Summer Olympics.
“All the Strong Rooms in the nine districts have been completed,” he said.
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner has directed all shopkeepers to install CCTV cameras in their shops in suitable places to ensure peace and security and to detect any illegal activities. law.
“While the meetings of other parties were being held, there were those who came, why not come, we came here not to force anyone but to welcome with a humble spirit.
Lamare alleged that the land from the cement plants falls into the Lunar River and also comes out of the Mahabon Crematorium.
He said that as a college, they would like to express their gratitude to the MLA of the area, Bah Gigur Myrthong, who has worked hard to implement this scheme. to improve the community in all aspects.
On receiving this information, we employees were shocked because the salary increase is too small.
Prominent leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Tuesday expressed their unwillingness to take part in the talks until the government is ready to drop all the cases against them. and the signing of the ceasefire agreement.
The DC, SP East Khasi Hills and MUDA officers have sealed up these shops. The next hearing on the matter will be held on the 18th July.
Dear fellow countrymen, let us turn the rule of law to our own rule as it has been said and written.
Thus God warns, saying, “Let not the rich man glory in his wisdom, nor the mighty man in his might: let not the rich man glory in his riches”.
Really feel like reaching another world.
Rida listened quietly without speaking to anyone.
Juk, what are you doing? Righteousness is covered, sin is covered.
However, these few reasons below, which are only examples, show that here there is a lack of willpower, courage and strength like others.
He said that the cancellation of the public hearing is a great loss to the residents, because without Star Cement, they cannot get development.
The General Secretary, Ajoy Lywait, urged the residents to keep the Myntdu River clean.
The purpose of [24]7.
According to information, the reason for the no confidence motion against the Lamphang is because the opposition does not have unity.
Furthermore, the union expressed its surprise that the civil hospital has sent only one doctor to be on duty 24 hours a day and on this occasion the union will send a letter to the government to provide Moreover, doctors are not treated at this hospital.
These Rots carried their own meanings. Before bringing these Rots, the rituals were performed by the elders and Doloi.
On the other hand, the Director said that the goal of MSAM is to make Meghalaya a self-sufficient state in fish production so that it will no longer rely on imported fish. State.
An elderly man, who came from Pynursla and lives in Umpling, told this writer that he was stuck in a traffic jam at Khadarmer from 6.30 pm and arrived home at 11 pm. The traffic jam, which lasted for 4 hours and a half from 12mer to Umshyrpi.
In 2021-22, the situation in the state was peaceful.
When the body and soul are healthy, we experience peace.
Therefore, when we see the threat of continuous infiltration in these days, we should support the CoMSO and other Seng Bhalang like KSU, FKJGP and others, that is, that I request Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin to open a bank account and inform the public that we the people can deposit our donations directly into the bank account to avoid fraudulent collections as they happen from time to time, Because they don't work for themselves but for us who can't earn a living, they have lost their daily wages, they have to pay for their food, their travel expenses, they will need them. uniform, and some vehicles, but they should not touch anyone or even talk badly to the people they arrest because in the hunger they come here to look for food, respect them but send them away to them with faith; If the Government punishes the people of CoMSO, KSU, FKJGP and others, we the people should come out and demand that the MLAs should resign and that the people should be able to elect them. others; the work was extremely demanding; I don't think I'm a leader for many reasons, don't think I'm doing anything wrong when I suggest that they should resign and contest elections alone because of corruption. which cannot be hid any more, but is hidden.
Shillong, Lber 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today closed down the polling station at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
About 1,300 entrepreneurs have benefited from the program and 60 percent of them are women.
This time, the Union has been able to hold the Pro Fight for the sub-juniors and the Waikru Competition with Maymai.
It is then that you reach the jot.
The number of graduates in 2016-17 includes East Khasi Hills 662, West Khasi Hills 4508, South West Khasi Hills 874, Ri Bhoi 1041, East Jaintia Hills 692, West Jaintia Hills There are 886 cases in East Garo Hills, 1316 cases in North Garo Hills, 592 cases in West Garo Hills, 241 cases in South West Garo Hills and 164 cases in South Garo Hills.
As part of highlighting the projects of transportation carried out by his government, the Prime Minister said, “The first thing to know is that such works have been done without the support of other leaders or other groups outside the government.
The two parties will not stand idly by and will continue to pursue the corruption of Ex CEM MB Rymbai until the people of Jaintia Hills get back their lost rights. Therefore, we will continue to demand that the government should immediately punish such people who have taken advantage of the power. appointed to them as leaders.
Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored the first goal of the match until the end of the first half.
Prestone said that the people of Meghalaya are strong in eating meat and the demand for meat in the state is high, and this will also open the door for the farmers to take action to promote this industry. you have received your court.
The Khasi will tan one2 only to protect himself.
What we see in those days of the prophet Haggai is that after these calamities, the people believed and repented.
After the kidnapping, he sent his father to phone his daughter and say, “My dear son, Sanju is a young man, he is righteous”.
We hope that the Unit here will not lose sight of their national security agenda as it does in other states.
The JSU said that Amlarem deserves to have larger government offices so that there will be a closer relationship between the government officials and the people of the area for the purpose of working together to improve income and economic development. .
According to RTI, Bah Lyngdoh said that there are 28 food processing factories in Shillong and 12 in Ri-Bhoi district.
“We strongly condemn such incidents and we will not accept what happened in Manipur.
GP Singh, Additional Director General of Police (Law & Order), Assam, wrote on Twitter today that 196 policemen have tested positive for the virus.
“If the State Government continues to ignore the call of the commission on 7th July 2023, it will be sad for us all and encourage the Karbi to do whatever they want and kill whoever they want,” she said. Thomas Passah, Working President, KHNAM. The film Rocky and Rani Kii Prem Kahaani will be released on the 28th of November
Myntdu village includes the residents of Liar Kam Kam, Jingkieng Myntdu and other neighboring villages.
The Assembly of God Secondary School, Siejlieh on Tuesday congratulated the students who have passed and appeared in the SSLC 2023 examination.
Her statement on the incident in Lawsohtun Village on July 3rd through her Facebook post the next morning, has not only shocked us readers but also the Village Lawsohtun and the State Police. also the same.
The union has also urged the government within a day to resolve the issue and if the government does not do anything, the union has urged the police recruits to rally to demand justice.
At first glance, it seems that the money they earn is enough to live and support themselves, but it is not so. It is still too little and they cannot rely on these small and low wages alone.
Reports from Dr. Bom's foreign visits which have appeared in the news in recent days show that Dr. Bom has a close relationship with Dr. Mukul Sangma. other government ministers, whose vacant post may also go to Dr. Bom.
We also request that the department in charge of such house fires whether it is the Block Department and other departments of the State Government should provide assistance so that it will be safe. as usual and for the benefit of this family affected by this disaster.
The Head of State of the department said that the Government is willing to appoint members of the Meat Sellers Association to be members of the committee.
This survey was conducted by the media to the residents living in the rural areas as part of the efforts to bring forward the backwardness of the rural areas in the knowledge of the disease. to take more than a thousand lives in the state and also to take more action on the need to get vaccinated.
Mawkyrwat/Nongstoiñ: The Lok Sabha elections have started in Meghalaya, although the Election Commission has not yet announced the polling date.
There is another saying, "A man who is below 50 years collects money but a man who is above 50 years collects diseases"
Regarding this mistake, which has caused this confusion, the CEM will convene a meeting of all the PIOs to ensure that such incidents do not happen again in the future.
On this occasion, the players who have led the state and the umpires who have already been trained were also honoured.
The chairman of the programme, Mrs. Banylla Kharbamon, SMS (Horticulture), KVK Jaintia Hills, explained that these seeds are the natural resources that God has placed in our beloved country.
Therefore, if the weather is good and there are no traffic jams, the Monolith Festival or Mawbynna Traditional Culture Festival organized by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council will attract thousands of people. - Children, youth, elderly and families, Khasi, Dkhar, French and all ethnic groups to this place.
“Ow! "It's not like I'm going to be able to do it again," said the father.
The HYC has urged the CEM KHADC to take action to pass this Act so that it will be implemented according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi.
Musk's forgetfulness prompted him to reply, "It seems like it's a password.
She said the delay in the Lokayukta is due to the selfishness of the IAS and MCS officers as they try to find a way to escape from this Act.
Therefore, through this cleanliness campaign, it will also be part of the education of each and every one of us to be careful of the environment and to avoid throwing garbage especially plastic bottles in the river. It will endanger especially the future generations from our thoughtless actions now.
“Ia noh Lano, I'm going to stay here. Bah, I'm going to come to Katta...” said the Kongthei. “Where are you going... ?” Lanosha asked again, “Shu ap beit seh... You're going to come here.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by NYV Block Laitkroh President W.Merinda Swet.
In the second half, Johncy Nongkhar scored the third goal for the team in the second half of the second half. in the 49th minute.
However, the Chief Minister's remarks came after journalists alleged that the MDA government is too weak and has been slow like Assam.
How is Jia? Please ask questions about the reasons why they were established.
The proposal of Surayya Tyab ji was the will of the people of India and lasted until the moment when the Legislative Assembly of India passed it on 22nd November, The complete and complete flag of India, which has survived to this day.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Pastor EL Kharmawphlang, Pastor Incharge of Laitumkhrah Church, said that the couple went to Bihar because they had a friend who works in the north.
(The wisdom of God is to preach the word of God to save those who want to believe.
Superintendent of Police (SP) Bah Sylvester Nongtnger on Monday said that the foot patrolling in the Khyndailad area is to take action against the prostitutes who in many cases are not only selling prostitutes to them. but they also cause many troubles and disorders.
Jeetu Paul took three wickets in three overs.
These schools are Nongshluid Government LP School (established in 1920) and Kenshluid Government LP School which are located within Mawsynram C&RD Block and are villages within walking distance of 2 to hour because there was no light.
The second place went to Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai with the participation of Mutbha Lapasam and Quikly Pala.
The Secretary of the Organization informs that the Organization will hold a program at SUR TYNRAI for the Khasi Music and Song Competition.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Secretary of Greenline Taxi Welfare Association Balajied Surong said that during their meeting with the DC, the DC informed that there was no order to seize the vehicles. jyrngam but he said the DC has informed that the RTA will soon convene a meeting to discuss the issue between the stem and jyrngam vehicles.
The Commission has already sent a letter to the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, to submit a report on the incident within 15 days, said the Secretary of the MHRC. that it is shocking that even parents are willing to take the lives of their children in these days.
They also demanded that the state government should not interfere in the suspension of the work of the ICP.
“It would be good if the two chief ministers of Assam and Meghalaya continue the talks on how to resolve the border between the two states,” he said.
This is not the first time but every year during the school holidays, school children including parents come to buy books by stirring up each other and others passing by. the market is no longer open.
During the inspection, the union found that the employees did not come to the checkpoint and it was also found that the office was closed without any employees and the quarters were destroyed. for there is no one to see.
The Government has also informed that the heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused the water supply in Umïam to rise by 10 feet which has brought back the opportunity to generate more electricity unlike in the past few days. A few days ago, it also announced that it will purchase electricity from the National Thermal Power Corporation and other electricity generating companies to fill the electricity shortage in the state.
Expressing her condolences, the Chairperson of the Commission, Justice Rumi Kumari Phukan, who is also a retired judge of the Guwahati High Court, said, “I am surprised even after the notice was issued. information through the media on 4th January, 2023 but none of them appeared before the Commission.
The house was completely destroyed and there was no casualty in the incident.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today declined to comment on questions on the decision of the Congress party on the four MLAs. East Shillong MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Rymbrai Jyrngam MLA Kimfa B Marbaniang and West Shillong MLA Mohendro Rapsang will be elected. The CLP leader, Kong Ampareen, has been temporarily expelled from the AICC for supporting the MDA government. said “I have nothing to say on this matter”.
The request to the villagers is also to keep clean and tidy in their homes and villages.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew as the chief guest congratulated the Seng Samla Nongpoh for taking the initiative to hold such a tournament for the youth. Basketball is one of the sports that has started to appear in the state and many of the youth love it.
Titos said the UDP will hold another meeting tomorrow to discuss how to force the government to immediately stop the excessive fire fighting. Shillong, June 29: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the UDP has taken political advantage of the government. lightning in the state.
Saidul Islam escaped from the custody of the police on the 14th of this month, after the state police took him to Bagori Range, Kaziranga National Park for to explain and show the place where he was involved in the murder of a priest.
The North East Slow Food Association (NESFAS) in collaboration with SURE and other NGOs is working on a project called 'No One Shall Be Left Behind'
The EJHDFA has invited all clubs, teams and privately run teams to participate in this tournament.
It is not known why Captain Harry Inglis has proposed to resign, but the Government has accepted his resignation and given him six months to resign from his post. way part.
The body of Edu Kondalu, 40, of Palla Kalu, West Godavari (AP), who was the driver of the truck (AP-16-TX-4695), was found dead. Accident occurred on October 20,
Initially, the thought of building a Presbytery building was started at a Prebytery service held at Phlangwanbroi Church, through the proposal of Tynrong District, “To set up a Presbytery office in Shillong”.
The National Highway connecting Ranikor to Baghmara has been closed, bridges and drains have collapsed and there have been thousands of landslides in the area.
He said he would also advocate for the inclusion of tribal areas across India in the VI Schedule by enacting the 12 AA which is currently in force in Tripura and more states should be created in India to facilitate it. khaddar rule, among other things.
In one after another speech among the people, they said that these Nepalis and other ethnic groups, used to go and damage the crops of the Khasi, including the Synsar farmland, the Sying with other plants.
Marius L Nonglait, who has been working at NBPGR for 20 years, said that there are about 22 employees in the department and they have faced difficulties this year due to the 40 percent salary increase by the central government. .
Speaking at the meeting, the new DCC President, Bah Bormanding Nonglang, congratulated the MPCC for electing him as the President of the DCC. He also thanked the District Youth Congress for honoring him, and at the same time, Bah Nonglang said that what the party needs is to win in 2018, it needs unity. and the cooperation of all party office bearers as a whole.
However, the report said that the police who were called to testify did not remember whether there was a detailed explanation for the arrest.
If it is not, we say thank you very much but we should not say that we are happy to receive it.
Referring to the theme of this year, the Minister also urged all to unite to find ways and means for the benefit of those with disabilities. that they may fully participate in society.
The strike in many parts of the country has forced the so-called migrant workers in construction jobs in factories, households, roads and other sectors to return to their hometowns.
Ebormi Muksor, Director and Owner, Margarita Kynjin, Commander Shangpliang, President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, were also present on the occasion. tyngshops, Khasi and Pnar filmmakers and dignitaries who were invited.
Therefore, there are many rulers and we don't know how much we can get the benefits, but what is clear is that there will always be jyrwit jyrwat because even if one wheel runs on top of another they don't work together. that work shall cease, and shall be spent only in the construction and preparation.
However, the failure of the Meghalaya bowlers to restrict Sikkim to 139 runs in the second innings helped Meghalaya to score 178 runs to win, leaving two wickets in hand.
The Government should think and turn to the use of solar energy, wind mills and others.
“Don't do anything that will upset the state and the Prime Minister in the future,” she said.
He said the investigation team has already questioned about 200 beneficiaries including three people including Tarun Bhartia, Angela Rangad and Agnes Kharshiing, but they too have disappeared. thank you for your explanation.
The inauguration of the new Parliament by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on Sunday, will mark the beginning of the independent Constitution of India.
The cleanliness drive is held every year before and after the end of the Puja and the cleanliness drive on Saturday lasted for 12 hours, said a statement sent by Naba Bhattacharjee. President, CPC, Meghalaya.
Those who violate the provisions of the Election Act,
Shall we allow that? Shall we allow him to dismiss us only by giving unfounded reasons using the name of the Executive Council?, asked the teachers of NEHU. However, on the other hand, they expressed their reluctance to lodge a complaint with the VC because they have to to receive authority from the President of India.
In another match, Nongkseh SC beat Young Xl 0-1 by A.Suting in the 61st minute.
Jowai, July 07: The Sengkhihlang will hold a meeting on the 17/06/2023 at Banium Esat Khasi Hills District, at the headquarters of the Sengkhihlang.
The attempt to worship or serve God on Sunday came after the Apostles.
The North East has 14.6 lakh units in three states.
Shillong: Police have not yet arrested a suspect in the robbery of Rishan Rapsang, brother of West Shillong MLA Mahendro Rapsang, on July 27 evening.
PDF President and Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem said the decision to join the party is the result of the work under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the MDA Government, which has made Meghalaya aware of the better," internally.
The Government aims for a new India that believes in “Sabka Sath, Sabka Vikas, Sabka Vishwas,” in which the welfare of the farmers is one of the most important parts of this vision.
However, the Trust, which earns billions of rupees from the state, has issued a letter of resignation and for this reason, the Seng has had to close down the office.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma said that in the last five years, the government has faced many challenges but the government has been able to fight against them and this government has listened to them. public.
Last year, the union had lodged a complaint and expressed its opposition to the issuance of labor license by the council, because private individuals who have been authorized by the council to collect money for labor license should think more about income and not how to control the corruption of the authorities.
The total number of candidates for the examination was 25,437 including 10,203 males.
The 85-year-old school was moved from its original location in Huangpu Village, Shanghai and was relocated on foot. to run the building.
Education Secretary Ricky Hendry Kharjahrin, Assistant Education Secretary Luckystar Marweiñ, Environment Secretary Polmiky Marweiñ, Assistant Environment Secretary Rikupar Syiemlieh, Sports Secretary Ban Kharjahrinm, Assistant Sports Secretary Thoplang Office Ryntathiang, Banhan and 11 members, Robertjune Kharjahrin and Arbok Kharjahrin are the advisors.
“I too cannot understand why the Chief Minister (Mukul Sangma) has not called for talks with the political parties,” the Archbishop told Rupang.
The two vehicles were a Datsun RediGo (ML05 T 7892) and a Bolero (ML06 A 3026).
Many of the speakers at this meeting pointed out the decline in the value of Khadar rule in the state until there has been only yiarmangkalai and a lack of skilled scientists as in the past.
There are issues such as khaddar administration and other issues related to the foundations of the HNLC which have been in existence for 35-37 years that have to be discussed,” he added.
So far, the public testing has been conducted in Umpling, Khanapara, Nongmensong among other places.
Life is changing, Don't be surprised; Everything has to happen, Especially in youth.
One person has died of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today.
We are grateful to all those who have done good”.
Near the Weinia Valley there is a beautiful bridge previously built by the Soil and Water Conservation Department which cannot be used from one side to the other of the river.
In the letter, Lamare said that on the night of the 24th of this month at 8:43 pm, while he and his friends were traveling on a motorcycle through the PWD road connecting the Umiew, Pomlakrai and Kynton U Mon, Nongkrem, when they returned from their friends' house, there were three soldiers who arrested them and spoke in Hindi. aid and these have thrown them away and it has almost reached the point of shooting.
Glory be to God that the Church has acted according to the teachings of the Lord Jesus, according to the Gospel of Matthew chapter six (6) verses 2 to 4 (two to four).
“Besides, he said, they will allocate about Rs 300 crore for the improvement of health centers in the state including CHCs, PHCs and sub centres.
“They don't care about the state and they don't care about the people, I am telling the truth and I think the people should ask Bah Paul the truth whether they are shrut on the implementation of Phase III of the GSWSS” , said Mukul.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Cabinet meeting held today has decided to introduce the Administrator Rule in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
The UDP has won 11 MLAs in the last MLA elections and all of them are from Lum Khasi.
AA Sangma, PA Sangma, BB Lyngdoh, DD Lapang and Mukul Sangma (longer term) in the field of activities which continue to be carried out to this day.
At such a time, when the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam, are still in talks to resolve the border issue, they have issued an order that development works should not be carried out. but when such incidents occur from the robbers, it should be done strongly.
He said one of the main programs is the CM-Elevate, in which the Government has provided the highest subsidy especially to livestock farming which is up to 50%.
It is worth mentioning that suspected demon worshipers have broken into the lock of the church at Lum Jingtep of the Catholic Church in Lumshyiap on the 18th of November, by breaking into the house and taking out the image of Jesus Christ. from the house of prayer and placed it in front of the house and covered the image of Jesus with a cloth that could not be lifted from the Tomb.
Mairang, Lber, 23: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District today announced the release of rice under the National Food Security Act 2013 and rice under the PMGKAY scheme. , of October 2022 through ration shops.
It is like a football player who runs many goals on the field, but does not score a goal.
“There are also places that have become like fish holes in the rice fields and with indescribable sorrow over these damage and collapse by the forces of nature in the past few days and months. ", say the farmers.
Police sources said that according to the eldest child of the woman, who is 7 years old, the husband came at the time when the children were asleep and at that time the There was also a quarrel between them and the husband.
However, with the help and cooperation of the residents of Umkon, two robbers who fled the vehicle, identified as Md Sirajuli Ali (35) and u Depankar Kalita, 33, is from Kamrup District, Assam.
The program was opened on the 3rd of this month at the Conference Hall, Shillong College.
If we listen carefully to these words of Jesus, our worship in our homes and personally will please God.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society (MYA) today organized the Miss Meghalaya 2020 in collaboration with Glamanand Supermodel India from Mumbai.
Maharashtra A last won the 73rd Nationals in Lucknow in
Three persons have lodged complaints that the Snieh clan is not the right clan/kur to be the Dolloi in the Elaka.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki has issued an order on the 11th of this month regarding the priority targets for vaccination against COVID-1
On the influx of Bengalis from Bangladesh in Tripura, Biplab said people can say anything but the Chief Ministers of all the eastern parts of India will work together for the sake of the region.
He said this is the second inspection after receiving a complaint.
According to the East Khasi Hills District Office, in the presence of the Incident Officer, on Tuesday, up to 250 people came to collect tokens. token.
He said that regarding the meat, it is outside the jurisdiction of the department but those who are still inside the shelter or how to take care of them is the responsibility of the department. but in the case of the flesh they cannot do anything from this department.
The students of Kiang Nangbah Government College Students' Union (KSU) have been shocked by the fact that his work and his speech have nothing to do with the development of the oldest government college. in the Jaintia Hills.
Latiplang said he has found in the documents that some foreigners have made an Affidavit, have received a Schedule Tribe and have claimed to be Khasi. Raju R Sohphoh, son of (L) GR Bedia of Laitumkhrah village who received his Schedule Tribe certificate from ADC, East Khasi Hills on the 20th of this month. in November
Priyambada Blah, President of the BJP ST Morcha and Eunesscy Khyriem, General Secretary, have campaigned for Ampareen Lyngdoh in Nongrang and Thangmaw. The meeting was also attended by district leaders such as Pranes Nongrang, Sunita Swer and others.
Gilbert said that about 70% of the small contractors do non plan work, and when they own any work they have to withdraw money from their own budget and their work is done. They should have survived the children of the household, but this work has caused them trouble, because they have not received any payment from the government.
All players who attend the tournament must bring their Birth Certificate or Aadhaar.
This request came suddenly through a letter posted on the Notice Board which was not signed by anyone, but ordered to pay the tuition fee for admission to Class – I , the Building Fee, the expenses for the Bharat Scouts & Guides, Red Cross, the photography fee, the printing fee and others shall also be paid in advance for 10 years.
Mr. Arwatki Sumer, General Secretary, Jowai; Members of the Jowai Raj Sein, CA, Bah Ram Kyndiah, Raymond Nartiang, Pator Jowai and Deibha Rymbai, led the way to showcase the Aitnar Kongka Siangbood, the Superintendent of the House of God. they gave permission to these students to enter the holy house.
The categories include Under-13, Under-15 and Under-17 women's and men's as well as double's.
Lamangkynsai Kharbuli, a goalkeeper who used to train at the PFR, has been selected for the U-15 team of Hyderabad FC. of the Indian Super League (ISL) season 2021-2
Besides, to preserve the custom, it should also be included in the bill that all Khasi men should not sleep in the house of their wives at night, but should live and earn in the house of the family, because the Khasi custom is new. thus.
We had to understand and obey God for the sake of the family.
There will also be benefits to both countries in other fields.
Bah Moon Tang, his brother, confessed to the police that he came to take the heroin from Iewmawlong, Nongpoh, where he paid T.35,000 for the 12 grams of heroin. Pip Tang admitted that he was driving his brother's car and said that he did not know anything about the drug trafficking.
When asked about the allegations that the NPP and other parties in the MDA government are racist, Ampareen said that such an attitude should be rejected immediately and the people should be reminded. We must not be misled by social media and we must walk a clean path in spreading this message to the public with the support and cooperation of the leaders and employees. The NPP has been elected to the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
The Khasi-Jaintia Hills is also suitable for raising cattle, goats, cattle, fish, and other agricultural animals.
Amlarem, Jymmang 17: The Laishnong Higher Secondary School in Nongbareh Village has been in existence since 1992 and was established by three villages namely Nongbareh, Amkoi and Khonglah.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has expressed his concern over the reports that he has met with the AICC Chief Executive Member to discuss the need to pass the Village Administration Bill. in 2014 KHADC.
Until the end, nothing else could be done and Mylliem won the title.
This man is involved in stealing from his own village.
The residents of the border areas who need emergency treatment in Shillong are the worst affected.
The incident occurred while he was returning from the election campaign.
There will also be a competition on traditional Khasi music, the song can be any but the music must be traditional instruments.
“We will have a meeting on the 16th July to discuss the MDC election,” said Lambor.
Furthermore, KHNAM will also discuss the main issues of the party along with other programmes.
The KSU-EJHD has also submitted a memorandum to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, In-charge Home (Police) Prestone Tynsong on Monday to take immediate action on this matter.
The party has nominated Manbhalang Thabah to contest against Prestone from Pynursla and Pastor Shanlang Warjri to contest against Metbah from Mairang constituency.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd), Raj Bhavan Shillong has organized a basketball and tennis tournament at the new stadium at Raj Bhavan, Shillong from the 24th – 28th of this month.
Farm kits were also distributed to farmers.
Revelation 12:1-1
The meeting discussed the issuance of Trading License to foreign traders and also the number of foreigners who come to Jaintia Hills without Trading License.
The union held a meeting at the Additional Secretariat and decided to send a petition to the Chief Minister on the reservation policy and roster system.
After receiving a complaint from the residents of the village, the HNYF has disturbed the people who go to the hills and rivers and those who go to work in the area where they are also in Wah Myntang. .
Thus, not only has the sky become brighter but even the waters have become sweeter and flowed slowly.
Speaking from Samarra, another capital of Iraq.
Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC from Laitumkhrah-Malki constituency, is also the husband of CLP leader Ampareen Lyngdoh.
The reason for this is because they have not followed the health rules and this includes that they have gathered in large numbers and that no one has worn a mask.
" Lanosha said immediately.
Mawlai SC's Donlad Diengdoh has won the Golden Boot after becoming the player who scored the most goals in the tournament with 15 goals.
Replying to a question by Mylliem MLA, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh to use the State Officers as a source of strength for them in the preparation of DPRs and other matters, the Minister said that there are more important tasks. any work that cannot be done by the people of the State and any work that can be done by the people of the country has been carried out, and the work has been done with the participation of the officers of the State.
To illustrate, take this example.
He alleged that the destruction was due to the delay in the working methods of the NPP-led EC.
The incident happened on 26th November and a police patrol officer was killed at Lapangap village.
There are still others who are under medical supervision.
However, this fact is not limited to Andy and there are many Apple employees who accept the fact that many of them have divorced their wives.
That is why we must know and seek the righteous and perfect truth.
They called the ksew sma, to sma the pla and the police, who should have extinguished, if there were bombs, but when they opened, they found that it was a plat without clothes. of people.
It is appropriate and I should ask the party these questions – can these BJP leaders in the State avoid and free the State from such things or do they have to choose? Responsible and working for the Jaitbynriew can complain against this violence against the religious and cultural zeal of those in power and the law for the sake of the people and for the main to promote the do you buy inheritance? Or will they become merely children and throw away the keys to the higher and the nobles?
Shillong: A misunderstanding between the residents of two states has broken out again at Bhalukmari village in Kamrup district of Assam on the border of Assam and Meghalaya. media outlets, on Wednesday.
The ration distributor used to fill in the ration card of the people as he used to distribute 30 kilos of rice and 10 kilos of sugar, but after 9 people lodged a complaint with HANM, The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hill, said that the distributor of rice has started stealing the ration card of the people and has been distributing 35 kilos of rice since November this year. card and 3 kilos of sugar but the receipt of rice is the same as 30 kilos of rice and 10 kilos of sugar.
“At that time, there was a complaint between one group and another but it was decided to settle without lodging a complaint at the Cantonment Police Beat House,” said the SP. About 500 people who were members of the STPS buses, gathered at Mawlong Market and turned towards the Punjabi Line (Themmetor) and here, other groups came but because of the After the police intervention, they were able to stop them.
“I don't want to be invited from the mountains or the streets to get awards but we need to be trained and if we get our own institute it will help us a lot,” he said. state.
About 200 people from all over the country including men and women came forward to join the 'Revolution Iada la Ka Ri'
The program was organized by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat in collaboration with the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
It is a fact that in human life, many times man looks down on his fellow human beings who are poor, who lack knowledge, who lack strength and wisdom.
He said that he and the people of the area have expressed the need to upgrade Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub-Division but the Prime Minister has said that it will be done in the future.
PFR Football Academy beat Mawtneng Sports Club 2-0 in the first leg of the Knockout Football Tournament held by Ri Khasi SCSC at Kurkalang Stadium, Bhoirymbong.
Shllong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that during the test conducted in the villages near the BSF camp in Umpling, a woman who is also a The wife of a BSF soldier, after testing positive for corona virus, after testing in Antigen test kits, the woman was taken to the Civil Hospital for further tests to confirm that she is the mother. covid positive.
The Complaint Management Portal of the Commission, launched last year by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, is another step towards involving the people of the country in the fight against corruption.
Shillong, July 14 : The NEHUSU and the Education Cell of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday said that they will soon demand the allocation of at least 80 percent quota for private students. indigenous people in educational institutions within the State.
David Iawram is one of the students who got first place in the BA final NEHU in Khasi subject (Honours).
While those women who marry Dkhars and wild boars who live in Shillong speak Khasi fluently, dress like Khasi, but the engine is not Khasi at all, they are Dkhars and foreigners.
The deceased was identified as Sagar Thakuri, 37, who is married and has four children.
Babu Lyngkhoi said that the absence of a muktiar from the Meghalaya government has delayed the court from deciding whether to punish the teachers or the government.
To have a house without a nurse or medicine is useless.
However, Ranbir Kapoor said that he is happy to work with Alia in the film and he has a close relationship with the actress. currently, he has absolutely no intention of getting married and still wants to pursue his acting career and grow in the industry.
The rally was organized by the Khasi Student Union (KSU), FKJGP, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and JSU.
SGH SP Abraham T Sangma said that while police were patrolling in Chitmang Hills and Rongsu areas, suddenly there was a shootout from the GNLA camp. lasted about 15 minutes.
On the part of Umden Umsaitprah Village Council through Bah Justine Kahrabuki Rangbah Shnong, the HPF has remembered and taken the initiative to help this family as a response to their daily needs. The HPF congratulates the leaders of the HPF to continue to work and serve for the society, the country and the nation.
So they went for a walk near a beautiful river, and while they were sitting there, suddenly a rainstorm came. but in that rush they lost track of each other because.
