This is on the complaint of the mawria smugglers who have expressed how they can pay the tax to the government while the dumpers who carry mawria from the Stone Crusher at Mawikhuli do not pay the tax to the government. and they did not stop at the gate set up by the government at Maikhli.
Meanwhile, Wankitkupar Ryntathiang, a student of Shillong Commerce College, said that the tablet provided by the government is not good.
He also congratulated the youth athletes of the area for their talents and gave an example to the athletes of the state who have led the country to become the best athletes who have not yet been supported. Most of the prominent players in the state come from the rural areas.
It is to be recalled that the State Government has decided to dismiss the contract teachers in the State and appoint full time teachers. /1/2019 and the results of the teachers who have passed will be released on 25/2/2
One of the hearings was on the purchase of goods through the internet, in which it was assumed that the hearing should be held at the place where the person bought the goods and not through the There is no such thing as a company that sells goods on the Internet.
Shillong, Nailar 21: The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association in collaboration with the Karate Tournament 2023 has announced that the winner of the 29th Inter School and 11th Inter College Karate Tournament St Anthony's School won the first prize while OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School won the second prize for women.
The Under-19 tournament was held on 01/09/2003 and the Under-23 tournament was on 01/09/1
When asked about the condition of the areas where the landslide may occur, Kong Matsiewdor said that the State Government has been in talks with the Geological Survey of India (GSI) to find out the condition. There are dangerous places, especially those that are dangerous and where there is a risk of flooding, and those places will be identified soon.
The winner of the tournament received a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy, while the runner-up received a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Shillong, Iaiong 15 : U Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also the Leader of the Opposition, on Tuesday said that the government has not taken action to track down the spread of groups using powerful automatic weapons. They were trained by Dristi Rajkhowa, Commander-in-Chief of the United Liberation Front (ULFA) I, before he surrendered to the police in South Garo Hills.
The current ruling party in the state is one of the issues of the Congress MDC election campaign in the days ahead of the 2014 MDC elections.
These 27 students are from Wapungskur, Wapung Shnong, Tuber Kmai Shnong, Tuber Shohshrieh and Mookhep who have passed in various grades including SSLC, HSSLC and Bachelor Degree, Master Degree and Doctor. .
Samuel Kynshi scored in the 40th minute before the end of the first half.
The order was issued to all the nine political parties in Meghalaya, namely the National People's Party (NPP), Voice of the People Party (VPP), Indian National Congress (INC), Hill State People Democratic Party (HSPDP), People's Democratic Front (PDF), United Democratic Party (UDP), All lndia Trinamool Congress Party (AITC), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Khun Hlynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM).
:The Minister of Education, Rakkam A. Sangma together with the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondol distributed 192 appointment letters to the teachers of Lower Primary (LP) School of Dadenggre Sub-School. Division at the Teacher's Initiative Conclave held at the District Auditorium in Tura.
It is necessary for all of us to give our full support to the teachers not only on this day, but throughout the year through our participation in the dissemination of knowledge, by taking the initiative to see and visit. that our children fulfill the instructions of the teachers in our studies, to obey and respect the teachers.
“I have also spoken to Bah Ernest Mawrie and asked him if he can cancel the plan so that we can work together,” said Bah Shullai. to apply for the decision of the party leaders from the central.
Taking into account all the incidents that have happened, the SP urged the VDPs to work closely with the police and not to delay in informing the police when they are arrested. Anyone who suspects wrongdoing or finds wrongdoing, should provide immediate information to avoid problems, especially from the hands of the public.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad said that in the last 50 years, the people should understand that it is only this government that has taken action to resolve this issue in the midst of a terrible crisis.
Shillong, November 19: One day after the visit of MDC Bindo Lanong, the MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Lambor Malniang, today visited the Executive Committee (EC) of the Nongkrem Constituency. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is not led by the National People's Party (NPP).
Nongpoh, July 30: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MPCB) together with the district authorities of Ri-Bhoi District today held a public hearing on the application for renewal of the pollution control plant. Uranus Stone Products and Co. has been appointed to quarry and produce boulders at Umduba village in Ri-Bhoi District for the purpose of obtaining environmental clearance.
Your sins are cleansed.
The road to freedom is a long and difficult one.
After this, various large-scale events and festivals can be held at the venue among other public purposes.
Police said that at about 6:30 pm, they received a tip that a vehicle had caught fire and a man was trapped inside the vehicle. They rushed to the scene and found a Maruti Zen which had collapsed. The driver was seriously injured and was taken to Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang.
He said that if the government feels that the education department and the salary increase for teachers will destroy it, the teachers are ready to pay the tax by 2%. of the 5% they will receive in the form of Increments.
When asked by the EM whether the Syiem has ever complained to the Council about the need to improve the market, Hadrian said, “Not to the current Syiem”.
The festival was concluded today at the District HQ.MBS&G West Jaintia Hills under the leadership of Adiam U Bthuh, Jt.
On the other hand, the DC of East Khasi Hills, Bah PS Dkhar, when contacted, said that he did not want to comment on the matter, but admitted that he had issued the order as shown in the the media.
Charles strongly criticized the National People's Party (NPP) for alleging that the WE and MYE card schemes are backward cards or cards that do not work, saying that these schemes are also working in West Bengal. The AITC will do the same in Meghalaya if it comes to power after the elections.
He said that in the past, the hostel had become a hotbed of crime, drug abuse and others before the construction of the hostel.
Please visit the HNAM's understanding on the operation of trucks carrying coal at High Level (in the West, coal in Jaintia Moiong is light so).
In the handover, the construction of the dorbar hall on an 80 acre plot at Mawdiangdiang was also given a deadline of completion before July 2022, the year when Meghalaya will celebrate its 50th anniversary.
The Deputy CEO of TTAADC, promised to release the documents relating to the land of the Khasi and said that the Khasi-Pnars should also come to the TTAADC to discuss and get their rights. education, employment of the youth and the benefits that the villages should receive.
Shillong, Lber 23: The JSU Mukhap Unit has sent a letter to the Minister of PWD, Ma Sniawbha, regarding the failure of the PWD department to complete the Kuriliya Bridge which has been delayed for nine years. Dhar and also met with the Secretary of PWD, Bah M.Sun and the Chief Engineer, Bah Passah.
Shillong: Nongthymmai FC won the second division football league title after beating Umphyrnai FC 4-2 in a tie breaker at the JN Stadium Polo. long this Saturday.
Shillong, November 8: The Youth Dorbar of the Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) was held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar on November
However, she said that the talks with Roshan have turned into a turnaround because instead of turning to the HNLC, the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has turned to the ANVC and ANVC- B. The HNLC also said that the government wants the HNLC members to come peacefully by surrendering. “What is the promise that we will not be betrayed?” said the statement.
The patient died at the Ganesh Das Govt.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today slammed the Meghalaya Police for the increase in arbitrary killings. Witson M Sangma, who was arrested on suspicion of illegal activities, was arrested a day after his arrest.
“This is against Article 243, which does not allow the Municipal to operate within the boundary of the Sixth Schedule Area.
Earlier, the CM honored the students who passed the MBOSE examinations and launched a souvenir of the jubilee celebration and a book prepared by the President of the Managing Committee of the school.
While we are struggling to buy expensive cars and the government is spending huge sums of money to build roads, a Western scientist, Klaus Schwab, who is the head of the The World Economic Forum has predicted that by 2030, highways will be empty and become parking lots.
He said that they have also discussed the opening of the lat for the relocation of the employees of the Shillong Municipal who are currently living in the sweeper colony to the houses that have already been built in Bishop. Cotton Road.
One is the richest child but the other is the poorest child.
The Working President of the UDP said that the next step is to appeal to the High Court or the Supreme Court against the decision of the High Court on the 13th of this month. it is the responsibility of the Rangbah Shnong.
Nongstoiñ, November 6: The Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, has informed the public and directed all the residents, to be disciplined and clean in public places, roads, roads and tourist attractions. who is within the District.
Speaking to media, Roypar Kharraswai, leader of the All EMRI Workers Union, said that even after a year of fierce protests; GVK has promised to implement 8 out of the 23 demands of the union, but the company has not kept its promise.
The new priest is the first member of the Mawpat Church from the Salesian of Don Bosco Congregation.
The question arises that what is the point of him having to sign those various contacts? Isn't it for his own personal gain? Besides showing his corruption by bringing in foreign people and companies to be involved in his affairs, he has made it worse by These contracts have been handed over to NEEPCO to continue which has caused more and more problems to MeECL. months in a year.
Meghalaya, who won the toss and elected to bat first, beat Mizoram by 95 runs in 33.2 overs.
Not only that, it was said that even the house of Bernard's mother was searched without any permission.
“In the Kongthong raid, all religious groups lived in peace without any discrimination,” said Stogent.
The match tomorrow will be between Sohmynting and 7 Wasa at 3 pm.
Kimfa Marbaniang said that the violence by the Assam police was due to the intimidation of the Nepalis and the incident started with the incitement of a Nepali. and he smote the man.
Regarding the stoppage of these Bangladeshi troops, the Rangbah, expressed his regret, because they have forcibly entered India, just to stop the village road.
In West Khasi Hills, the landslide occurred in several places from Khenkba to Umdang, but the landslide was not too severe and there was no disruption to traffic.
Therefore, they stopped the packing and carried the equipment and sent it back inside the hospital.
“KHNAM said that according to the writings and research of a well-known writer of Assam, Dr.SK Bhuyan, “he explained that the Karbi racially, belong to the Mongoloid and linguistically, they belong to the Tibeto-Burman group.
The AOG works in many areas related to the promotion of peace and development in the community – including the provision of disaster relief, the implementation of jobs rural development, women empowerment, environmental protection, establishment of health platforms and other resources.
The training I received included manners, how to speak to others, how to stand and how to be brave and know how to stand up in public.
BDO Mawthad Raishan Block LK Diengdoh as the chief guest led the program in the presence of R. Kharmujai, Managing Director, Meghalaya Village Development. and promotion Society Limited as the Symbud Kongsan.
Thus, 12,000 x 12 = 144,000 (one hundred and forty thousand) Israelites were chosen.
Although the mobile shop did not have a name, it had a sign that read “Stall No-213E, and the shop was located at the entrance to Ïewduh.
Besides, Bah Kharbani said that the demand of the party from the CEM is to gather and direct the Syiems to direct the Dorbar Shnongs to pass laws to prevent Khasi women from marrying Khasi women. live with a foreigner.
When asked in what form Assam has called tender for the same road, the minister said that Assam has called tender for the land under it.
But it doesn't matter if they accuse me of wrongdoing.
The Minister acknowledged that there is a shortage of construction sites, as there are only three in the state including one in Sumer, Dakopgre and Mendipathar.
The MDA government has said that it will appoint another inquiry committee to investigate whether there is corruption.
It is here that the people respect you.
From one government to another, we hear the need to reform MeECL and make it a self-sufficient agency.
Ar Dolloi won the match 4-3
To set up Permanent Security Outposts/CRPFs or any para-military camps or posts in places like Bholaganj and Ichamati,” demanded the CWC. who are involved in spreading hatred against foreigners in Meghalaya and also refer to non-tribals as “Bar Students”.
The cleanliness drive was attended by the Chairman, Namchi Municipal Council, Councillors, MEOs, members of the Bazaar Committee, SHGs and employees of the Namchi Municipal Council.
Similar meetings will also be held in Rambrai and Riangdo on the 29th and 30th of this month.
The President of the Temple Committee, Ajayandra Ajay, confirmed that they met inside the temple and talked to each other.
And the question since 2019,where then those children and teachers have hibernated.
From now on, the hall will be known as the Larsingh Khyriem Memorial Auditorium.
There have been 1,018 new cases of COVID-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 23,9
Speaking to reporters before the match on Saturday evening, Gokulam Kerala head coach Domingo Oramas said his team is on the road to victory. At the same time, he praised Lajong for playing hard and said that the match to score three points will not be easy. .
However, the Rama Krishna Mission is not like that.
Before that, he had lived with Sheba for a while.
Khliehriat, June 08 : The Sub-Divisional Officer (Sadar), East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that to mark the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, the “Azaadi ka Amrit Mahotsav” CCPA), has launched a campaign across the country, as a public awareness campaign to sellers and buyers to avoid any fraud, which is a violation of the law.
On that day, only parents were allowed to enter the school grounds and other outsiders were banned.
Let's look at the Lookdown now.
He said it is easy to accuse but to punish requires proper documents.
So I finished the room.
The school is newly established and will start from Tiny Tots to Class I this year.
This list of non-feature films showcases the ability of filmmakers to shoot, explore and entertain and also reflects the beliefs of the people of India.
IOC Chief Executive Officer Thomas Bach said the Executive Board of the IOC has conveyed its recommendations to the Olympic Committee of various countries and to the organizers of various sporting events abroad that athletes with Russian or Belarusian passports should participate in the sporting events as well as in the Olympic Games. only such individual candidates who have not been on either side of their country will attend.
At the same time, they said that the ban on collecting tax within 50 kilos should not be collected but this has caused problems to the musur collectors because some of the soh and jhur have been sold in a kriah which has only 30 or 40 kilos because of this they have to pay tax even if they bring a lot of kriah.
The prizes were distributed by the Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong, said a statement sent by the General Secretary of the club Samla Shiing Skhem Khongtiang.
The residents of the village said that despite the fact that the village does not have electricity, there are about 37 households whose electricity bill has come regularly and besides there are about 11 households who have not received electricity. to get electricity through the BPL scheme, but only the meters have been installed.
He has forgotten about his own people from the constituency and now he is fighting between Songsak and Tikrikilla in the hope of winning.
On the allegation that there is a terrible distribution of money in this constituency, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that this constituency is not a constituency where the people are stupid but they are the people who understand. .
I'm going to have a chiboon, and I'm going to Yei sih, I'm going to get it.
Furthermore, in July this year, the airport has been able to provide services to about 4 lakh and a half passengers.
Here, the young girls, came out without hesitation to showcase their new talents in the floor exercise and vault, where the medal awarding ceremony will be held tomorrow. day.
The Secretary of the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka, Joe Dkhar, said that on Tuesday morning, the Pom Blang will be held at Durga Temple and on the 23rd, the Pom Blang will be held at Durga Temple. The procession of the 'Lei Durga' to fall into the Wah Myntang accompanied by music and various rituals.
In the midst of the busyness of running up and down, Bah Shanbor and Bah Let did not meet again after the incident.
The child is the son of Basil Suchiang and L) Kolni Dkhar.
On the other hand, Metbah said the UDP will continue to monitor the remaining posts of Shella which she deserves.
Therefore, I request and urge the village leaders to be vigilant and not to allow such exploiters who have no knowledge and who intend to defame the village and if found should be punished. tyngeh to them.
After more than four years, the Supreme Court has overturned the National Green Tribunal (NGT)'s ban on coal mining in the state. villages of Ri Khasi Jaintia, to encourage themselves in income generation and economic development.
“We cannot judge all the people involved but only a full investigation can bring the truth”.
He said that according to the reports, the Deputy Commissioner has issued a directive to the Principal of JNV Niangari to ensure that only clean and fresh food should be served to the children.
According to Pyngrope, they have taken this path to go to court because the government has not believed in them.
The body of Pyrkhat Suchiang was taken to the morgue of the Civil Hospital Ialong.
He said that the villagers have expressed their happiness and fortune when they received this CHC in this village, but this happiness of theirs has been left in the dark. For 15 years now, this CHC has been operating as a dispensary.
“It all depends on the circumstances and the numbers,” he said, adding that he wanted to avoid the truth.
They went to Manipur.
The views are based on their knowledge and understanding of this disease Covid-19, until the small and the large, the public, the rich, the poor, the rich and the poor. he was able to understand who was right and who was wrong.
“If you practice, you can contest from any party because the protection of the villagers is the first priority and the party is only a sopti,” said Bah Sanbor.
There he cried until death.
“I have worked hard as a human being to meet with the people of Sohiong, and if I get the ticket, I will definitely reach my goal,” said Bah Kharmyndai.
For 10 books, the price is $7.90 and the price is $435. The song also includes muja kti or 'Jesus Walks' which costs $5 sold on the day of the concert by Kanye.
“I don't feel anything, we have to share,” he said.
“Sohra is a news broadcaster to the world because it has the highest rainfall in the world,” said Deborah.
On Friday night, East Jaintia Hills District Police seized T.10.72 lakh.
Shillong: A fire broke out at Shyllong Market, Laitlyngkot on Tuesday morning at 3:30 pm.
She said that there are still many people who do not know that they are still on the list to receive foodgrains and they have lost their share and rights because they have not received their foodgrains. The Rangbah Shnong of Ri Bhoi District, Pholning Makdoh, is also the Sordar of Raid Madan Khyrdem.
He said that the requirement for the improvement of roads according to the rules of the Ministry of Road Transport & Highway is Rs 484 crore while the fund available for the 2023-24 fiscal year is only Rs 170.00 crore. amount.
“In East Khasi Hills, there are many challenges but if we can strengthen the work, it will strengthen the party,” he said.
It may be recalled that the KHNAM has decided to support the independent candidate Pastor Basaiawmoit who is preparing to contest the upcoming elections.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister, with his sympathy and knowledge, strongly criticized the AITC spokesperson and said that if he really wants to be a hero, he should come to Shillong to talk and discuss.
The event was attended by the faithful of the Parish Mowkyndeng and started from the village of Madakynsaw Mowkyndeng in front of the statue of Mary the Protector of the Parish and the village of Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng under the leadership of Babu. Nicodemus Suchiang, Head Catechist of the Parish, offered the opening prayer followed by the speech of the Waheh Chnong of Madankynsaw, Danny Bosco Shadap.
She was selected after winning the competition held in Guwahati last month.
Police also seized an Alto 800 with registration number AS 01 DH 2009 which was used in the theft.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 11: To inform the world that the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people are rich in culture, the Seng Khasi Kmie will hold a two-day festival on the 19th and 20th of November, The Cultural Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Shillong, Bah Hamar Sing Kharpa, in an interview with the media on Thursday, said that the festival will be held at the festival. At the Jaïaw, Shillong, there will be traditional dances and songs and also a traditional costume competition titled Nai Khatsaw synnia and Lukhimai and also a song Kynud Ïawbei from the village. Thong.
Siddaramaiah, the Leader of the Opposition in the Karnataka State Legislative Assembly, today said that he is a Hindu, but he can eat meat at any time.
Besides these measures to encourage Kali and Bike drivers, the department has also conducted several awareness campaigns in different parts of the city.
When Jesus spoke of the fig tree, he was speaking of the land of Israel.
Explaining the process of AMPSTA to meet with government officials on the new salary, Babu Shullai said that AMPSTA will not rest to demand the rights of all the teachers who fall under the union.
It can be applied with cow dung or any other manure or it can be planted in the ground with a plant that covers the soil and the soil, and which can fertilize it.
The 14 injured were taken by helicopter to the 2nd Battalion ITBP, Matli Helipad.
Lyngwa said that she does not know who distributed the forms in Ri Bhoi District, while in other districts. the state has nothing.
The Wasan thanked and prayed that Tre Kirot would bless the family in all aspects from work and health.
Ma Sumer has recently been awarded the One India Award by My Home India for his contribution to society as the author of a special book on “U Kiang Nangbah”. .
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that those who return to the state through the entry points set up by the government have been ordered to undergo their tests at the entry points. u Antigen Test kits.
Only Graduates with 50% for General Candidates and 45% for ST/SC Candidates with B.Ed are allowed to apply for Upper Primary Schools. According to NCTE Notification dated 23/08/2010- SL 1 and NCTE Notification dated 28/06/2
KSU leaders have had the opportunity to meet with the Doctor in-charge, Dr Duchiang and CHO Kong Inspire Pohktai to discuss the problems faced by the people at the PHC. The two heads of PHC said that it is necessary to provide the necessities of the hospital from staff to equipment to provide full service to the people.
The Governor also had a chance to talk to the family members of the Archbishop and the youngest sister who was inside the cathedral at the time.
He also denied the allegation that he will be the MP candidate of the CoHSO. “I make it clear that this Union will not be a platform for politics,” he said.
First, put the tuttia in the pipe by stirring the tuttia in the water in any jain rew.
Police have arrested these two men after receiving a tip that they were smuggling drugs from Nongpoh area with the intention of smuggling them to Jaintia Hills. Police have arrested Moon Tang, 43, and Pip Tang, 41, from Thadmuthlong, Jaintia Hills.
The wealth of the country cannot be built or developed by means of increasing the wealth of only a few people, but the wealth of the country can be developed and enhanced by the participation of all citizens.
However, it has been only a threat to the leaders of these organizations.
Narendra Modi has deceived the people of the country and brought about violence and said that the BJP government in Maharashtra has been lying for the past four years.
Let alone the 855 people who have died as of today.
“As the Minister in charge of Sports, I don't want the preparations for the tournament to be delayed. "It's a shame," said Mr. Banteidor.
Other speakers at the meeting were Coriniki Slong on behalf of SURE. Asteroids have started flying more and more to Earth and one of them will fly the day before the elections in the United States. which is scheduled to be held on 3rd November
This song was used as a patriotic song in Ri Khasi-Jaintia.
The church, which is located in Mawlong District on the road from Mawshamok to Shella, started its celebration last month. The Moderator of the Sohra Presbytery launched 125 balloons as a sign of the opening ceremony.
He said that this shows that they really want to force the Muluk indigenous people who live in the area and this is a threat to the entire Langpih area.
It is learned that one of the Presbyterian Church groups from Jowai has gone to hold a One-day Free Medical Camp in this village. eh haka on the side of health.
Not only that, they also said that the taxi rank in the Mawlong Market area is not safe to walk alone at night.
The police department has also intensified the search operation for these new members around the area to arrest more.
This hero lived only 51 years and died on November 6,
After receiving the complaint from the residents, HANM has sent a letter to Dhar Construction Limited to clarify whether it has received permission to quarry stone for the construction of the road.
Umphyrnai won the title after the skill of the players of the team who showed their talent and hard work in this final match, in which they beat Sohryngkham who won the title. They are looking for ways to score with the aim of winning the title of this tournament.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah KP Pangñiang said that the erection of the memorial to (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh at this place is because the party does not feel that it should forget the leader who passed away. for the sake of the life and death of the nation.
TDP leader N Chandrababu Naidu and Jana Sena chief Pawan Kalyan will visit Delhi for a day or two to hold talks and consultations with the group. BJP leader regarding the cooperation for the elections.
Meanwhile, SP Davis NR Marak said that drugs are an evil in the society and it requires the cooperation of all to fight against it.
The memorial was inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal.
He said that although they have already sent letters to all the 60 MLAs regarding the issue of non-payment of salaries for almost two years which has caused a lot of trouble to the employees of the department.
Shillong, March 8: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not received any funds from the state government since 2014-2015 and since then the government has cut the budget. The District Council has not received its share from the State Government and has severely affected the management of its work. to pay only the salaries of its employees too.
The men's team played against Kerala in the bronze medal match and the Meghalaya men's team lost 1-0 to Kerala.
“There is no ban on the slaughter and sale of pigs or cows but only those who are healthy should be slaughtered after examination by doctors,” he said.
So far, more than 61 crore collections of ration items at the workplaces of the workers have provided relief to those who have to work far from home.
Raliang MLA Coming One Ymbon has filed his nomination papers to contest the election to the Assembly for the fourth time.
At the same time, the journalists who were present at the time will take the action of the CEM to the Union of Journalists to discuss the incident.
He said that the council has already sent a letter to the state government requesting the Pnar villages in Block-I of Assam to be repatriated to Meghalaya and at the same time the EC has already sent a letter to the state government. Written to the State Government to set the BOP at Zero Point.
But those same government officials who are being threatened are the same ones we will see in the programs celebrating Environment Day! The failure to control illegal mining has seriously affected the environment in various ways.
On the appointment of the ksiang, u Bah Rymbui said that the selection of the ksiang has gone well and he hopes that this work will go ahead for the sake of peace and stability in the state. other.
Youngest Boys FC won a cash prize of T.29,000 and a trophy while Sakwang SC won T.18,000 and a trophy.
Shillong: The family of Mono Areng, residents of Nagrabil Ribhoi district, have requested the government to provide protection to the family, after they were threatened by some villagers. Mono Areng has also lodged a complaint against 23 residents of the area for allegedly threatening him and his family.
The state government has decided to search for the buried bodies and the assistance of the NDRF is hoped to recover the bodies.
The state government has also decided to extend the curfew in the state until 31st June
On the MUDA Building Act, Bah Pynshngain said the Council will send the Council's bye law so that the government can compare and consider the MUDA Building Act. The state government will issue a notice and bring about the amendment of its Building Act,” said Bah Pynshngain.
She is also the country's record holder with a 5-1 victory over Uzbekistan's Svetlana Oknazarova to win the bronze medal.
The MPYC has acknowledged that Arnab Goswami's remarks against Sonia Gandhi on a program on Republic TV are illegal and should be punished under the provisions of the Information Technology Act, Ministry of Information & Broadcasting of India.
Don't worry, we will help as much as we can from the village,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The purchase of rice was revealed through the inquiry of Ajay Bose through the Right to Information (RTI) Act which requested information from the FCI. and to the beneficiaries under the Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) and Priority Households (PHH).
After they did so, there was a threat from the liquor vendors and the drug dealers, in which all the elders who had taken part in the start of the incident, were afraid and left with them. It was also learned that it was Bah NS Marweiñ and Bah (L) Bah Lobendri who sent the police.
Dr LR Bishnoi said the establishment of the Committee should strengthen the relationship between the villagers and the BSF troops in the border areas.
The presence of such places to sell Umsoh and Waiñ will also show the tourists to Meghalaya that there are such places which have their own taste which is different from others.
Up to nine schools participated in the tournament which was divided into two groups.
It is sad and painful that the MLA/MDC candidates in the last election have invested in the power of money.
David Nianglang is a bass player.
Jowai, Jymmang 10: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the ration for the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of June, 2023 has been distributed. Release to all wholesalers for delivery to all ration shops until the 15th of this month.
The Prime Minister also said that he still wants the Free Movement Regime FMR to continue in these two countries.
So these customs and laws are put in writing.
Marme scored the highest number of runs for the team with 33 runs. Janicka R Marak scored 27 runs and Jaylynn R They scored 22 runs.
Two other goals were scored by Iaphishisha Marbaniang in the 33rd and 50th minutes.
On the upcoming MDC elections, he said that in Jaintia Hills the contest will be between the UDP and NPP and in some places with the Congress but in Khasi Hills, Prah may contest in some constituencies. place because in politics it is not easy to win everything in a short period of time.
Animal lovers have strongly opposed the arrest of the ksew by the police.
She alleged that everyone has been tired of the present Government and because of the understanding that it will fail they have come forward with this Bill.
He said that the Mawlong Market area which used to be a commercial hub has become very dirty and it needs to be cleaned up immediately by evacuating the people living in this area in order to implement the Smart City Project. .
She spent most of her career in the PR industry in Mumbai before moving to Singapore in
Shillong, March 4: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Central has sought the support of the people of North East on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: AMPSTA General Secretary FC Shullai has met with the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma regarding the lack of deficit of school teachers in the Fifth Pay Revision. The union said that the prime minister has promised that teachers should also receive the same new salary as government employees and the announcement will be issued soon.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) today announced that it has appointed a group of experts in the Khasi language to follow up on the issue. and to research the use of Khasi words, spelling and pronunciation to produce a dictionary from Khasi to Khasi. this is your job.
In total, he said, the amount of food for the students has reached T.50 lakh.
Ms.Harleen Deol9.
The young TMC leader said that the people of the state are wise and have seen that in the last three years the Conrad government has not done anything, but only corruption has spread. In addition, from the smuggling of coal, the corruption of electricity supply to the villages, the corruption of the dorbar hall, the MUDA corruption, the smuggling of poor rice to Assam and many others.
In its order, the court said that the case has been too long and wants it to be completed as soon as possible.
" He said.
The people waiting at the bar never ran away.
The border since the inception of the state has been destroyed and the villages of the areas have been living in conflict from Langpih to Block I & II and other border areas.
Excluding the refund, the receipt is estimated at T.11,302 crore.
The highest is about 2,000 mg per day.
Open your eyes, see the truth, understand your heart.
During the discussion, there was also a suspicion that these people could be employed by the quarry owners to quarry stone in Majai or in other quarry related jobs.
In terms of sports, the Khasi Rong Biria, the Garos' Wa'pong Sika, the Mizos' Insaihrui Pawh and the Manipuris' Waa Kabi.
DICI officials also denied that the beneficiaries of this scheme are Class I contractors or people who are not rich.
“We can go to the city, but we are farmers.
In Nongdaju and Ri Lyngngam, those who speak evil of them are fools and those who hate books.
“If they allege that there is smuggling of coal outside the state, they should bring sufficient evidence, and they should not just shondur coal trucks without knowing it. It is true that they carry illegal coal because many of these trucks do not have proper documents.
SAFF congratulates those who celebrate Janmasthami and urges everyone to refrain from public gatherings, but to strictly observe the rules and regulations laid down for the health and well-being of all. .
Because this foodgrains have already been delivered to all these villages in the 4th Mowkaiaw Constituency.
His attendance in the Lok Sabha was also very low, with only 67 percent during the Lok Sabha session.
It is very difficult for us as a state when Benami jobs are created.
The MoM of the match was won by Winchester Marak.
Meanwhile, other residents of the area, expressed their dissatisfaction with the claims of the opposition, saying that employment has increased significantly and economic development in the villages. thaw was brought.
As soon as he finished singing, he went to his seat and before he left, he invited the Garo dance group from the village to perform their traditional dance. Suddenly Dr. Mukul got up from his seat and went to dance with them carrying a sword and a stieh which he took from one of the dancers.
Indeed, if we look back a little to the past since 1835, and why do we have to speak well of this year because it was in this year that the French began to seize power? especially within the Hima Sutnga (Jaintia) and besides that they also began to implement the tactics of division and ethnic cleansing.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, who was re-elected by the people of Jirang Constituency, on Saturday, gave a special greeting to the workers of the National People's Party (NPP). At the same time, he congratulated all the people of Jirang Constituency, for electing and allowing him to become the leader of this constituency.
Tomorrow, the 8th June, will be the day for the Election Commission of India to examine the documents of the candidates who have registered their nomination papers. themselves that they may remove their name if they wish.
The BJP will lead the government in Tripura and will join the governments in Meghalaya and Nagaland, he admitted.
Nongpoh, Nailur 21: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) took part in the celebration of its 200th anniversary today. Umroi MLA, Bah George B Lyngdoh, expressed his satisfaction that the party is still strong in the service of the people. I encourage the leaders of the party to continue their service and the service is to be vigilant and work for the issues that affect the people and especially the nation. .
He said that the Seng will not rest, but will continue to monitor and raise the issue of the residents and if the authorities do not listen, the Seng will take other stronger measures.
Shillong, Lber 11: Former hideouts of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) have turned into tourist attractions in South Garo Hills District.
In the email, the group expressed a demand for the release of former HNLC Chairman Bah Julius Kitbok Dorphang, otherwise the group will blow up a bomb at a Lower Primary School.
Doli Lamare, a student of St. Mary Mazzerello Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai, also gave a speech.
The president of FKJGP said that they will take a decision to announce protests at the meeting to force the government to implement the measures to curb the influx of mynder into the state. .
“I have been on hunger strike for 221 hours and since our demand has been met, I will stop the hunger strike and leave,” said Mr. Ardent. don't go home".
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has already talked to the central government departments, especially the Railway Ministry and the Civil Aviation Ministry to provide a special train. and a special airport for the people of Meghalaya.
Many of them said that if the government does not take action on this road, it will not prevent these organizations and the people of the area from marching to the Secretariat, so that the government will comply. The MDA government will agree and comply until the people go to the Secretariat.
Regarding the allocation of land for the construction of these crematoriums, the government has no discrimination. If there is any problem in obtaining the permits known as the NOC, they should come forward. inform the government to fix the problem if any.
It is hoped that the completion of this lehñiam will bring prosperity, prosperity and mutual love and respect to each and every resident.
Through her, she makes everything easier.
It is the duty of the State Government and its departments to deliver what it has received from the Central Government.
The day was also enriched by various dances and songs performed by the students from Tripura at the UCC College.
Prof. Majaw said that many Khasi Pnar poets have written poems related to flowers, rivers, hills and surroundings.
Parents who do so are ignorant or those who send their children to school just to earn money to feed them and those who do not appreciate the value of education.
Later, the MDC visited Mawpun Tieh Jyrsieh New Nongstoin to distribute T.2 lakh for the construction of footpaths.
He said that the party demands that the council should not issue NOCs to the army who want to build their camps in the areas under the jurisdiction of the KHADC. “The KHADC has promised that we will not immediately issue any NOCs requested by the army to build their camps and promised that before issuing them, there will be a thorough examination of their documents,” he said. tell.
The mother is considered to be the Goddess of the house, while in Jowai the father is called the Blai-ïing.
What are these UDP ministers doing for the state and that is why I went to the Congress on the new Titanic.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong would like to express its gratitude to all those friends and neighbors who have taken part in the search for Dameihipaia Papeng from the day he went missing until the day he was found on the 24th of this month. Mihmyntdu Mynkoi is located near the Cattle Market Road in a small forest near the dirt road about 1 KM from the Jowai Bye-pass (Soomer-Thadlaskeiñ Road).
Speaking to media, Bah Allantry said that many of the BJP leaders have already sought the support of the people of the state if they want to get ILP. He said that if he comes to power, he will introduce the ILP in Meghalaya.
The Chief of Army Staff General Manoj Pande and all the Indian Army officials paid their last respects to the martyred soldiers.
That is why God wants us to turn to Him to think and learn from Him about this human life in the short life that we can live here on earth.
Prestone said, “If you feel that you are in trouble, why are you with the Government? Why do you do the same thing? Leave and resign if you feel that the MDA Government is corrupt.
The Meteorological Department has warned that today, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
Ialong FC beat Nangbah Iawmusiang FC 2-1 with goals scored by Roikhih Ningtdu in the 43rd minute and Daruhi Pale in the 90th minute.
“Three games is not easy to play, but we have to fight hard,” said the Croatian coach.
He said the government will have to pay the remaining debt of Rs 1345 crore to the generation companies now taken over by MeECL through the REC for the Athma Nirbhar Program of the government. mother.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The Joint Action Committee (BJP) of Mawsynram Border Area and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Mawsynram have strongly criticized the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem who is also their MLA/MDC. approval to construct road projects in South West Khasi Hills.
The Court said that it expects that the construction of this road will start soon as it will be of benefit to the passengers and also will facilitate the entry into the city from the Cantonment area.
On this occasion, Pastor Gadew read from the book of Esther chapter 4 and verses 12-1
But they have pursued the riches of this world, and have forgotten to seek the source of evil.
Furthermore, when it comes to Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, the KAM candidate, he is a person who has just left the church and is also a social activist. However, like others, he too has his own foundation through the Movement how to explain to the voters about the corruption and other issues in the state.
It is undeniable that this year the state has experienced a lot of trouble during the Meghalaya Games, where many unpleasant things have happened especially to the athletes who have had to stay in the stadiums. inadequate and dirty rooms.
Eleven children were rescued during the search, while the ISIS leader, who was in another cave, surrendered and blew himself up with a bomb, which was in his body along with three others. and there were two little children with him.
Even the Joint Secretary of District Council Affairs of the State Government has issued an order directing the Hima and Autonomous District Councils not to set up revenue collection gates along the road but they do not believe and have been found. that the product of revenue gates are always there as usual.
Shillong, Nailar 6: Teachers in Thyllaw village have expressed difficulties in teaching the children because the classrooms are so small that the students have to sit up to 6 or 7 people in one classroom. stool.
More than 1000 Above Poverty Line (APL) households are in shock over the T.12,000 they should have received after building toilets. Through the Swaach Bharat Mission 2016-2017, they have not received a single penny.
Shillong, March 22: The FKJGP Mawryngkneng on Tuesday said that the holding of the Khyndai Lad Music Festival is only an attempt to mislead and mislead the people on the demand of the Inner Line Permit (ILP). in the state.
Meghalaya is top of Group-5 with seven points and a goal difference of 10 goals after beating Telangana 1-0, Andaman and Nicobar Islands 9-0 and Sikkim drew 0-0
He said that according to the IOA & AA, the Khasi States should have appeared from the beginning in the Constitution of India as a separate state. “Khasi States: They remain under the First Schedule within the border of Assam until today, and he urged the MDCs to think carefully on this issue and he is ready to clarify more on the issue. this is the phang.
Bagra urged the President to take immediate action to bring peace to the minorities in the area, and to punish those who authorized to hold the meeting while the model code of conduct is in force. CAA was not applicable in the area.
“This shyiap mining has threatened the dohum dohwah in the streams and rivers in these areas,” said the order of the District Magistrate.
Nair also said that he was in fear of his life from the attackers, the complaint said.
“This government will soon welcome the disease through truck drivers and followers,” said Winchester Pala and strongly condemned the government for its secretiveness in releasing coal from Assam, which is suspected to be The Kur Malngiang has extended its helping hand by donating rice and flour to the residents. village of Mascuth, Muscat District.
We need the support of the people, not the political parties.
The shooting of a Naga by the Meitei on Sunday in the village where Khasi and Nagas used to live has caused a stir.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar said that the talks with Amit Shah were unsuccessful. The Minister of Home Affairs did not say anything regarding the issues including the ILP that were brought before him.
Besides, the Minister in charge of Education, said that there is a need to open schools to provide education to children from Class IX to Class XII. will start from the 30th of this month, in accordance with the rules and regulations of the government.
However, the incident of smuggling of cows to Bangladesh has severely affected the smuggling of good cows by the farmers, which has prompted them to protest against this and exposed to the world that there are those who are smuggling good cows. smuggled to Bangladesh.
“However, the case against these police chiefs has been dropped due to the absence of the complainants,” he added.
Only the VPP party led by Bah Ardent has any hope.
“Police are investigating whether these people are supporters of which candidate were involved in breaking the EVMs,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
In North Garo Hills, one high risk case, in Ri Bhoi District, one high risk case and in South West Garo Hills, one case of Armed Forces.
Therefore, such a law is too bad.
This is good because at the end of the day, if you look at the next 15 years, the health system will be better than the previous 15 years.
On the other hand, Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew said that it is a very important game for Lajong on Sunday to win and it needs the players of Lajong to fight hard.
He concluded by saying that Meghalaya was established as an Autonomous State on 2nd June 1970 and became a full state on 21st July
There were 21,254 females and 18,954 males.
If we don't understand that, it means that we don't have the right and the power to rule the people, and like the jakoid, let us ask for a king from the gods.
These students came from China.
Those who live in the house are also not allowed to go outside to fight with other neighbours.
The day of the shooting was also the day when the students of Kiang Nangbah College were celebrating the 50th Anniversary of the College at the ground.
He added that the team had made some mistakes in the last match but this time the team will ensure to play hard and not to miss the opportunities.
“Education is very important especially in this age when unemployment among the youth is spreading across the state and even the world and therefore it is necessary that the children “The youth should succeed in their studies so that stars and intellectuals will emerge in the state to rule the country in all aspects whether it is in government offices, leaders and others,” he added.
Shillong: East Jaintia Hills and North Garo Hills have been the leading teams in the Inter-District U-23 Men's Cricket Tournament today.
Four policemen were present in the incident and one of them fled the scene with a gun in his hand, while three others threw their guns into the vehicle and fled the scene. .
According to the rules of this training, trainees will have to complete training by participating in mountain climbing training, as well as in steep hills, or training in steep areas with an altitude of up to 17,000ft above sea level.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday conducted a surprise inspection of all shops in Laitumkhrah, Laitumkhrah.
Shillong, Naitung 10: Protests have intensified in Assam over the death of a mother from Shillong at the Assam Police Station. A protest was held against the death of Victoria Kharko, one of the Khasi women, at Dispur Police Station.
Jowai, March 19: About 10 electricity poles have collapsed in the villages of Mihmyntdu Khlieh Shnong and Mihmyntdu Lumchyramang. The Meghalaya State Electricity Board (MeSEB) has suspended the electricity supply to the electricity supply system.
On the other hand, KW Nongrum, Joint Secretary of the Meghalaya Limestone, Boulder and Coal Miners and Exporters Forum, urged all the coal miners to stop working with foreigners and to sell. The purchase of coal or minerals only by the Khasi, and gradually foreigners will flee from this area and from Meghalaya.
Replying to a question raised by Jirang MDC Victor Ranee in the House on the registration of land, Basaiawmoit said the Executive Committee led by him, will allow people living in the border area to register their land free of charge.
Gehlot and Baghel from the beginning of the meeting said that Gandhi should remain as Congress president.
No one can snatch or take away morality from us once we have it.
Speaking in the House, Thombor Shiwat said that the highest revenue of the District Council is through the royalty collected from the mineral resources including Mawshun and Coal. these others are pohkhyndew.
These women said that they don't have any regrets even though they don't understand the language but they can sell their soh to foreigners when they want to return to their home state.
He said that an indoor stadium has been constructed in Bynther and an indoor stadium in Nongkasen.
Jowai, 8 Nailur: Leaders of 13 Women's Associations in West Jaintia Hills District took part in the celebration of the International Women's Day. The meeting was held at Yung Walieh, Dulong, Jowai.
The union requests the residents of the area to attend this free medical distribution on this day, and to inform the health workers about the illnesses in their bodies. The meeting will be held at Umsning Auditorium Hall at 10 pm, he said.
However, at the same time, he said that the Dorbar Shnongs have not been able to give permission for the construction of houses or heavy buildings because they do not have the experts and the Council will take part in the process. to this.
The Jowai MLA has announced the selection of 60 youths for the Training for Business Start-Up which was inaugurated on Thursday at Thomas Jones Synod College.
Admitting that there has been a violation of the Standard Operating Protocol (SOPs), the Minister said that other areas such as the deployment of BSF personnel to other places have also been looked into.
“The NPP is the party that led the MDA government in which the people understand this and have the hope that Bah Lamphrang Blah and Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem will get the election. victory in this election"
Speaking to reporters, Bah Shemstar said that his decision to contest the MDC election was taken through the encouragement of his friends who used to see him as one of the leaders of the party. many children and youth in sports activities in the state.
Shillong: U M Ngaihte, Chief Manager, SBI, Jowai Branch, has lodged a complaint with the police that Uttam Kumar, a trainee officer, has misused the fixed deposit of T.6,55,0 person.
“The one-time contribution has been increased from Rs 6,000 to Rs 9,000 from April
Expressing the views of the Congress on the border issue, the President of the Congress Committee, Bah Vincent H. Pala, said that the party has always said that there should be a Boundary Commission to resolve the issue. it's been a long time.
The residents of Wahkhen village who have the same feelings are urged not to participate this year but those who have other intentions are not allowed.
This means that they are not eligible as teachers while they are afraid of exams.
That's what I'm doing.
The Minister said that the Megh Can Care program in East Khasi Hills screens people over the age of 30 for cancer.
Many of us have cried out against “forgive them, for they do not know what they have done”.
After completion of the investigation, a chargesheet was registered against all the accused under CS No.04/2019 dated 28/01/2
The MIPRL has welcomed the decision of the Prime Minister to pay compensation to the victims at the rate of T.3 lakh, but has demanded that it should be paid at T.10 lakh to the victims and T.2 lakh to the victims. They are the ones who are injured, because they are the ones who come from the house of the poor.
After this, there will be 7 more meetings between 11th and 20th November in many parts of the state to raise awareness and invite the people to the struggle.
These three leaders, Bah Khring Kshiar, Bah Borlet Kharsati and Bah Harenjune Kharmulieh, were welcomed at a large gathering held at Thynroit in the presence of the NPP candidate from Mawkynrew, Bah Kanang Lyngshiang.
There have been cases where the garbage from Marten has flowed into the pond and this has caused concern to many churches especially the dumping of garbage on the old road in the past years.
In the past years, it has been found that the office of the SDO Umsning Division, has been busy only in providing training to various villages under the SMB and NBA schemes. complete the water supply project which is the most important need.
Speaking to reporters after leaving the EM's office, John F Kharshiing said that after receiving many letters from the children of the thousands of Mylliem Hima, They have been following up many times regarding the administration of the Hima Mylliem, so that they can bring about the improvement of the laws of the Hima Mylliem.
At the same time, Bah Jemino said that if we talk about the number of people, it will depend on the wisdom of the expert committee. For example, “If we talk about OBCs, the employment rate is 27 percent in India but if we take the population, they should get 40 percent in India. OBCs should be improved but there are other factors that have to be considered”.
The request to the indigenous peoples is that they should have autonomy without being subjected to outside forces.
At this time, about 46 Maoist militants were killed during the clashes with the security forces,” the statement said.
Speaking to Rupang, KHNAM Working President Adelbert Nongrum said that earlier there were wrong reports to write the name of Latiplang Kharkongor as Nongthymmai MDC from the HSPDP. Latiplang has not explained the mistake in the newspapers, although some KHNAM leaders have informed him.
In Mulang village of Ialong alone, he has allocated 40 lakh tyngka which has already been called for tender.
During the meeting, the EE promised to take action on this issue.
“If we include the total population of the North East, we have only 4.52 crore, the nearest state to the region is West Bengal and the population is 10 crore.
L Rymbui informed Conrad Sangma and immediately wrote this letter dated 7th March
Appealing to the people to elect their leader with understanding and wisdom, he asked whether the vote of sympathy can win the candidate in the upcoming elections.
These leaders were welcomed by NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong in the presence of NPP East Khasi Hills President Jied Kurbah, General Secretary Aibor Tynsong and other leaders. Speaking at the meeting, Prestone said that the NPP has first invited Martle N Mukhim to contest from the party in the upcoming elections. but he was not faithful.
According to the Rule, it is the responsibility of the Police to ensure that these employees must prove through documents such as Adhaar Card that they are Indian citizens.
Not only to get jobs but it will also open up opportunities for the youth to create jobs and so on.
West Garo Hills Police on Tuesday said that about 200-300 people gathered in front of the Mini Secretariat and threw stones at the police and magistrates who were present. in this place.
The actress, who has been involved in Tollywood for many years, feels that some of the films she has starred in have been praised and some have suffered losses but these have not had any impact. her.
If you work hard and work hard, you will be rich, but if you steal, you will be poorer.
The color road has reached only halfway due to the suspension of the contractor since the time of Bah JD Rymbai, former MLA of Jirang.
Shillong, Jymmang, 04: Flybig is one of the newest airlines in India and has started its services to the public from July
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP), one of the largest political parties in the state, is ready to strengthen the party by introducing better and more transparent working methods.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to continue to monitor the involvement of politicians and insurgents in Garo Hills.
(Dr.) Shri BD Mishra (Retd.) former Governor of Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya has been appointed as the Governor of Ladakh.
This will eliminate corruption (moral and financial) in the future.
This is a miscommunication.
Listening to the news from the youth and the elderly, they have one voice and that is “to revive the UDP in this constituency” because it is a national party where Mawkhar and Jaïaw are the leaders. It was the brain of the state that started the struggle for its own Hill State.
Shillong: On Tuesday, October 12, 2019, at 11.30 pm, robbers stole T.74,023 from his account at the State Bank of India.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has directed the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and other Chief Executive Members to issue Shnong Certificates only to those who take the jait from the mother.
The Rajya Sainik Board of Meghalaya is the body responsible for formulating policies and announcing decisions.
“Prah has been a longdoh longsnam to us and we need to win many MLAs so that no one else can take this symbol of ours,” said Bah Ardent.
Kynton-U-Mon, which has played well in these previous matches, has played even better this time too by preventing Summit from scoring even one goal.
Brightstar, who is the working president of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), contested from the NPP and won by defeating UDP MDC Marki Mulieh by 766 votes.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle does not agree with the closure of trade with Bangladesh through the Land Custom Station, Tamabil, Dawki just because of the spread of COVID-1
Police officials in Chico, California, are looking for witnesses who may provide information about the victim as well as those involved in the murder.
There are 1,12,885 biometric enrollees including personnel serving in the armed forces, a total of 3.8 percent in the state.
When the British tried to invade India, the Indian kings fought against each other.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Minister of State for District Council Affairs, Shillong, on Tuesday decided to implement the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, HDR Lyngdoh to resign soon.
Pochettino is one of three to take over as Chelsea manager since being sold in 2022 to the LA Dodgers and owned by Todd Boehly.
“I will not stop the strike without delay until the government accepts the Village Administration Bill, 2014 sent by the KHADC,” said the former CEM of KHADC. legislation for the Village Authorities as it is the responsibility of the Council.
In fact, states with 70 MLAs or less should not sit for less than 50 days in a year.
The A'chiks should not forget that even their own A'chiks have had the opportunity to lead even the State Legislative Assembly Constituencies within the border of Hynniewtrep.
There were 17 water stations in the race, which was set at a distance of 2 km.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that they are fortunate to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the Mawmer and the journey of the 25th Anniversary of the Mawmer is not short, but long. believe that they went with many stones.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU leader said that the KSU has decided to hold such tournaments to encourage the youth of the Jaidbynriew to develop their talents.
Dr. Bhim Rao Ambedar, Member of the Constituent Assembly and Chairman of the Drafting Committee, said that the Constitution of the country will provide for political equality for all citizens in politics. or khadar rule in which all citizens shall have the right to vote one vote at the time of election of representatives.
On the night of Diwali, 27th March 2019, at Amitabh Bachchan's house, Shah Rukh Khan helped extinguish a fire in the sari of Archana Sadanand, the manager of Amitabh Bachchan. Aishwarya Rai.
“However, in other areas, we have found that the demands whether it is on the sub-division or districts cannot be granted because there is a misunderstanding between the villages there, which has caused problems later on, in the attempt. To bring the Khadar rule closer to the people, we cannot bring about the differences among the residents of the same area. Therefore, our wish is to consider and resolve these issues later. “We will consider and we will discuss and we will take a decision,” he added.
Reading out the expenditure for the last three months for all the departments of the Council, the CEM said that the General Administration Department has been allocated T.9,29,73,230 crore. , Law Department has been allocated T.15,37,630 lakh, Revenue Budget and Finance T.2,11,70,910 crore, Forest Department T.2,38,94,710 crore, The Administration of Justice and Judicial Department has been allocated T.1,45,17,810 crore, the Legislative Department T.1,86,66,370 crore, the Education Department T.3,40,370 lakh. Civil Works and Development has been allocated T.27, 53, 18, 430 crore, while T.46,27,16,190 crore has been allocated for Civil Works and Development.
This E-Epic is very secure because it will be in the lock of the digi locker and to open this digi locker you need a pincode which only the owner of this Epic can open. this is the E-Epic.
The VPP General Secretary, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon has sent a letter to the VPP General Secretary, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon to seek clarification on the recruitment of police officers conducted by the Central Recruitment Board, Meghalaya, Shillong, on 6th October, The post of 'Driver Constable' in the Khasi/Jaintia category.
The post mortem was conducted after the family members complied with the police order after the magistrates failed to sign a letter requesting the family members to release the post mortem on Tuesday. you are dead.
“Meanwhile, the Rangbah Shnong of Jail Road, D. Singhania, Secretary Police Bazar Welfare Society, have expressed their regret over the destruction of Khyndailad. have already sent tests within the sample collection area, although they are from other villages.
The CAB 2019 will grant citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Jains, Parsis, Buddhists and Christians who came to India before
Those who fail to comply with the provisions of Clause 13 of the License will be suspended or revoked.
Among these 5,000 people who followed Jesus, some followed to listen to his good teachings, some followed only to get caught, some followed only to get food.
He said two officers and one chowkidar have been appointed at a salary of T.12,700 while two other Enforcement Constables have been appointed at a salary of T.13,840 per month.
SANLIURFA (Turkey): A massive earthquake in Turkey and Syria has killed 4,000 people and destroyed many homes in both countries.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83794 out of which 81946 have recovered and 1457 have died.
WFP has not received any donations for the month of June and needs some $142.7 million for the next six months to provide food and shelter. to all those who are in Chad.
The NEP defines processes so that teachers can better professionalize themselves, enhance pedagogical practices, engage in research activities, collaborate with those involved in the same fields, and contribute to the development the education in the country.
Other candidates who filed their nomination papers are Rocky Hek (Congress) and AL Hek for Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah, Theddius Mawrie (Congress) from Nongthymmai, Grace Kharpuri (HSPDP) from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah. Nongskhen, HSPDP from Mylliem, Tamdor Risaw from Mawsynram, Panbor Ryntathiang from Mawlai and Banry Wahlang from Laban-Mawprem.
Shillong: The Lady Keane College Parent Teachers Association (LKCPTA) on Saturday held its Annual General Meeting (AGM) to discuss issues related to the college, students and teachers. parents parents.
'As a party, we have a strong hope that we will not return to power in the state' because as it is now, the state has many problems until we have to be forced to leave the court. Sutnga said that instead of including the Khasi language under Article 8 of the Constitution of India, the Central Government has fought to include Hindi in the Constitution of India. schools for students even in the North East.
It is learned that Lucky raped the child while she was sleeping and after that the child woke up and started crying.
There are also people who have fallen into the rivers while hunting.
With this article, I believe that it will benefit not only the non-Lyngngam but also the Lyngngam youth who have focused 100% on the English and Dkhar stories.
He admitted that the defeat of the Congress was due to the fact that the people were misled by false information.
Jowai, Naitung 9: Meghalaya Cement Limited, better known as Topcem Cement, today planted up to 9,000 trees in the treeless areas of its premises. the dewbilat factory.
Even the farmers know that the death of fish in Wah Lukha since 2007 is due to the dewbilat factories in Narpuh.
O man of God, who is so meek, who has been reviled and reviled by these his own brothers, what reward has God given them? God was angry with those who murmured and fought against God's people and gave them a rod of mercy to repent.
At the meeting, CCIB Spokesperson GH Kharshanlor said that the committee wants the KHADC to take part in the inspection of the signboards otherwise it will not. treh to take part in the survey.
“The Cabinet of Ministers of the Union Government, in October, 2018, approved the North East Industrial Development Scheme (NEIDS), 2017 at a cost of T.3,000 crore till October,
We want to continue but we will do so after we have received the approval of the people”.
The awards were presented by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah (IAS) as the chief guest in the presence of the Working President of MSOA, Bah John F. Kharshiing and the Assistant Director of Sports, Bah John F. Kharshiing. Bah Paia War Nongbri and others.
In the 4th category, three candidates scored 554 marks including Sandra Marpna of Christian Academy, Shillong, Isabella Mawlong of Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Pallavi Phenang (Private Institution).
“This is a fair and just issue to be addressed at this time.
Also present on the occasion were Daniel Thangkhiew, OSD, KSU President Lambokstarwell Marngar, KSU Upper Shillong leaders and others.
The competition will start at 6.30 pm for boys and girls.
In each competition, the winners of the first prize will receive T.10,000, the second T.7000 and the third T.5000 tyngka.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee of Namchiang Narpuh, East Jaintia Hills District, has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the government through the NHAI to repair the NH-6 as promised.
When asked why he went to Mumbai to shoot the film, Commander Shangpliang said that it was because the script required him to shoot in Mumbai.
This bridge is located at Wah Mynriang in Musiaw village, West Jaintia Hills District.
How do you feel about Kynum?” he asked them.
Shillong: Two persons, Thangkan Ch Marak Tang and Ch Raksan Momin, have been charged with criticizing Agatha, the NPP candidate for the 2019 MP election, on Facebook. It is like discouraging the people to vote for the Congress party and encouraging the people to vote for the Congress party.
“All these 29 persons have lost their minds just because of this action of the Governor,” he said.
A wedding ceremony was held in Bhilwara, Rajasthan on the 19th of this month, in which 250 people were invited. However, after the writing, the father of the writer and 14 others, have contracted the coronavirus.
This we see when in the rainy season the rain falls on the rocks, and suddenly – suddenly the wind blows the water to the ground, and carries it to the place where the clouds dwell, where it is prepared again. I'm going to fall again.
Mitchell Kharmih (General Secretary, Sohra Labor Union) ph.
Following the rapid increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in the state; The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has directed the residents of the state to follow the guidelines issued by the state government through the health department.
In a statement, Earnest said that Bernard Marak has been released from police custody despite the NPP government's efforts to arrest him.
The BJP also demanded that the dorbar should not end for one day but should last for three days so that the welfare of the people of Jaintia Hills can be discussed.
On the other hand, Bah DP Wahlang said that the Inspectors should also take reports from each block to verify the entry of money into the bank accounts of the contractors.
It was also seen that the candidates have already worked before distributing assistance to the people before becoming MLAs and it is surprising that the candidates have just announced that they will contest the elections, there are groups who have applied for schemes. , pan khiew, and when there are groups who go to collect garbage trucks, clean the ground and so on, they have to give up that they have to work before becoming MLAs, but the candidates who have the desire to work until after becoming MLAs to exercise their powers.
The program was organized by the IGCC Dhaka, the Department of Arts and Culture, the State Government and the Bangladesh Shilpaka Academy.
He said that tomorrow they will send the samples back tomorrow for further testing.
Overall, out of 27 states, Meghalaya has ranked 21st.
Eleazer C Dkhar, President UDP Mowkaiaw, said that 95 percent of the foodgrains have been distributed to the people of Mowkaiaw constituency.
In a statement, General Secretary M Chakravarty said that many leaders of Trade Unions of the North East are also expected to attend the meeting.
In the trailer, Modi, 68, is shown walking through Jim Corbett National Park in eastern India, led by Grylls, where he can see tigers, elephants and skei. who walk further away.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. DD Lapang expressed his gratitude to the authorities of USTM for naming the building in his name as Dr DD Lapang Block. The university has now grown and is one of the leading universities in the North East thanks to the hard work of the management and teachers.
The Bible tells us that God used Joseph to protect against the plague at that time and not to fight the plague himself.
Haman's goal was the same as Nazi Germany's, to exterminate the Jews from the face of the earth.
“Kmie, I'm going to leave...” He said to his wife, “Oh to...” Rida's mother replied, “Rida, I'm going to leave...” He said to Rida, “Oh, yes, Pa.” When Panah ka Rida left, the mother got out of bed to prepare food and drink.
He also urged the children and youth to spend their studies well so that they can study and play and to choose which line of study before matriculation to make their education life easier.
On the other hand, the JSM also accepted the results of its protest and left the office.
Speaking to media, Bah Marcus Marten, President HNYF, Ri Bhoi and Bah Donroy Kshiar, said that the blockade of commercial vehicles has caused problems to the people and especially to the people. those who intend to take medicine, those who intend to go to school, college and those who intend to go to different places of work.
“This is a fraud, these private vehicles don't pay taxes to the government to earn money but they steal and cheat,” said Donbok Jyrwa, General Secretary of Taxi Association (EKH). He said that tourists have been encouraged to travel by private vehicles by various hotels which have already booked their vehicles when people come to stay to offer where they want to go. “We see that when people leave the hotel to go for a walk, they leave in private vehicles,” said Bah Donbok.
Many speakers at the meeting including the President of Langkynma Circle, Samla Ioanis Hashah, Samla Truely Lyngdoh, General Secretary KSU SWKH, Marconi Thongni, Finance Secretary KSU SWKH This is not the first incident of attack on Khasi in the area but it has started since 1998 and continues until now. He also warned that if anything happens, the government should take responsibility if anything happens in the future.
Surprisingly, the 10 members were quick to agree and support the NPP Leader's plans to implement the Roster System which benefits the Khasi-Jaintia.
The two Assam Rifles personnel who sustained injuries were rushed to Mantriphukhri for further treatment.
Speaking to reporters after the issue of uranium mining in the state, Union Minister Dr Jitendra Singh in charge of Atomic Energy Department replied in Parliament that the project “The Central Government should know that the State Government since 2016 when the Government was led by Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma,” said Process. Sangma has already decided not to give permission to mine uranium in the state.
Although the Seng has urged the authorities to do so, the CM has written to the Ministry of Communications on this issue and will introduce the Khasi and Garo languages.
This will delay the completion of the bridge which was laid the foundation stone in 2010 by the Union Minister.
Of all the evils that come out of this box, perhaps the worst is what we call 'Shun Thlong Mluh Thlong Sying.
Mairang: Some of the employees of the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank, Mairang Branch have tested positive for COVID-1 19th June, 2021 and thereafter to quarantine for 10 days.
When they tried to clean up a cow that had given birth before being buried, it was found that the calf in the womb had already died.
The people of the state and even the bus drivers Saw SPTS, have seen the corruption of this Congress elected leader of the state, who is like a drunken father who doesn't understand the problems of his children. hands in the house, but just byrngem byrsit beit and blame them for what happened; without knowing to look at yourself that it is because of your own selfishness, the household will be destroyed.
In this regard, the BJP has asked, “If India is a secular country, why should we base it on religion? According to the ideology of the BJP, those who do not follow the culture of the Hindus are not Indians.
Those who have listened to the false teachings of the road school will not be surprised.
The statement said that hundreds of children have dropped out of school and thousands of parents have been unable to support their children. The HNLC said that if the NGT is lucky enough to ban coal, it should have the power to open up other job opportunities for the people.
The Principal Act of KHADC has been enacted since 1997 and became an Act in 2005 after being signed by the Governor, MM Jacob which Khasialised “children born to Dkhar fathers”. , mynder, poi-ei, children of the Khasi mother, the children are Khasi.
Throughout the day, the venues from the Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma Athletic Stadium, Indoor Hall, Don Bosco College Basketball Court and Rongkhon Swimming Pool were filled with joy and excitement.
However, there has been a recall of all the candidates for the selection trial which started on the 29th of June.
It is worth mentioning that the arrival of farmers is not only from East Khasi Hills, but from all over the Khasi Hills. byrni shall be between 2000 and 2500 kriah, polo, khoh or byrni.
Speaking to u SPTS President Bah Diblestar Myrthong, he said, “The Government authorities have not listened to our request to earn money, they have not given us even the information to understand.
It is a beautiful sight to see two brothers and sisters, who went together to the polling station to cast their vote for the Sohiong election on the 10th. January 23, 2023.
He said it is wrong to think that the re-use of fertilizers is a political gain but they should understand that it is for the farmers to increase their income.
After the initial search of the Tata Sumo (ML-05-M-1597) in the presence of independent witnesses, police seized four soap bottles. After searching another Tata Sumo (No MZ-01-K-3872), 44 bottles of sarbon containing the same beverage were seized. weighing 516.43 gm, which was determined after testing.
Many of the delegates do not have time to visit the border regions.
The JSU also said that the residents of Block I have the right to demand the return of Jaintia Hills to Meghalaya.
At the same time, Syiem Raid said that he has received information from the people that there are armed groups who come to demand money in the Umwang, Umtlieh and Ummat areas but he has not received any complaint. people will come to you.
According to police sources, the truck was driven by Iohbynta Malngiang of Wahlakhaw village, who sustained serious injuries in the incident. Rani, 60, of Wahlakhaw and Wresming Ryntathiang, 26, of Weimynser village died recently due to serious injuries.
PYRKHATBHA PYRPHET (IND) – 18633.
Speaking on the occasion, Roman Ningthoujam, the chief guest, congratulated the village of Nartap for providing the library so that the students of the village can spend time reading. They don't spend time on their own.
According to Bah Metbah, so far there are five MLAs from other parties besides MDCs who are ready to contest from the party in
I've already said that the bulb doesn't work, I don't have a heater, a geyser, a fridge.
The court directed that the recruitment process can resume only when the state has been able to show the Roster System or a clear indication of how many posts have been allocated for different castes according to the Reservation Policy' or the pre-arrangement of jobs at the time of calling for applications in accordance with the Reservation Policy.
Bah NS Langrin, Sordar of Maweit Village, said that the search has been going on for five days and the relatives of the deceased are still being searched.
Shillong: U Bah Jyllud, today escaped from the police guarding him on his way to appear for trial at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong.
NOTA received 16597 votes.
It is advised not to park or drive during floods and to avoid electricity posts to avoid being electrocuted.
He said that according to the rank of Bah Lapang, who does not claim to love Ri Bhoi and who often says that in politics Saw Sur should not be produced, but only shisur, but this time Bah Lapang, he has done too much and that is that he does not support the same party in the constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
I built this statue in my garden in Lummawbah.
All the buildings in Mawsmai and Khanapara have been constructed without permits and some of them have expired and will not be renewed.
The Umïam Pond has started to dry up due to the lack of rainfall until the old road and residential areas built since ancient times have appeared.
“He also praised the holding of the North East Olympic Games 2022 in line with the international community.
Rising Mukhla won the match 2-02 against Mookswan Dongwah.
The destruction of the Jewish Temple was a great loss to them because it has not been rebuilt until now, that is, from 70 AD until now, the loss of the Temple for worship has been at least 2000 years now.
"The son replied, "How many hours did you go..." The mother asked again, "It's midday..." The son replied, "Oh, I came here too, because it's only a few minutes... I'll go buy jyntah. ..." said the mother, "To Mei, I'll wait until you come..." said Lanosha. After the mother left, Lanosha went back to the house of Kongthei Daplin after eating.
Rymbai said that on the 4th of this month, the SSA teachers had requested for Right to Information from the office of the Ministry of Education of the Government of India to find out the reasons. originally regarding the non-payment by the Government of the outstanding salary for the month of April 2021 to July,
“To ensure the safety of our residents in the border villages, the Government has notified up to nine border outposts,” he said.
They continued to say that if such a theft is allowed, it will encourage other ethnic groups to take advantage of it.
Tura District Cricket Association (DCA) have won the title of the U-19 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament after beating 2-0 East Garo Hills took six wickets in the final match played at Salpara, Mendipathar on Saturday.
The Sohkha Mission Multipurpose Club requests all the supporters of the club to join hands with the club.
The tournament started on 23rd November 2019 and ended on 22nd June
Those who have benefited from this scheme can move to their place of residence by obtaining permission from the DC's office later.
To ensure the protection of forests and for the safety of the people, the Government has decided to set up an Empowered Committee to look after the related matters especially in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Hills. The KHADC and the JHADC, which are different from other district councils.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of the Western Region, Samla Chan Skhem Suchiang. Chief Organizing P.S.Phawa welcomed the guests.
The statement said that the state government stands firm and will not forgive regarding the existence of any illegal toll gates or other illegal collection of money through vehicles passing through. National Highways, State Highways and other major roads in East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 25: A 40-year-old mother, Philista Suting, has died, while 10 others including mothers and four children have been seriously injured in a road accident. The incident occurred on the 23rd of this month at 4 pm at Jongksha Ladkharang.
The decline now comes through our thinking that only the English language is the source of knowledge.
We request the law enforcement authorities and the government to abolish this kilo cut with a strong law so that we can really remove the new shah from our farmers.
And if there are only 5 or 6 digits, you can't cover everything.
Those who avoid eating meat need to eat a lot of vegetables because vegetables are low in amino acids.
Jowai: The body of one of the 15 workers who was drowned in the coal mine at Khloo Ryngksan East Jaintia Hills for 40 days since December 13, 2013, has been recovered by the Navy. The ROV was lifted to the surface of the crematorium, but while it was being carried to the surface, it fell into the old pipes inside the crematorium and escaped from the hands of the crematorium. and go to the bottom.
Members of KSU-Lawsohtun including General Secretary Readyon Stone Nongrum and member Johny Sohkhlet were released on bail from Shillong District Jail.
After the expiry of that Lease Agreement, a new Lease Agreement for 30 years was extended from
He said that the reason why Ri Bhoi District has received more development schemes especially in terms of roads, is because Ri Bhoi District has become one of the districts in the country. which has been selected as an Aspirational District.
The residents of Tyrso area, Ri Bhoi District have been affected by the heavy cold on Tuesday which has also affected many other villages in Meghalaya.
The two arrested members of the KSU Lawsohtun Unit, Laban Circle.
He said that the price of kynama in October was T.50 per kilo and now it has reached T.80 per kilo.
Explaining on the issue, Prestone Tynsong said that the Chief Minister of Assam has already directed the Hamren District Administration to look into the matter. that such things should not happen again.
He said that there was a discussion in October 2022, where it was announced that there are four tax collection gates where tax is collected up to T.7 per kilo from the sale of synsar. from local farmers.
While they were coming from Khliehriat, there was a traffic jam from Deinchynrum to Byndihati and it was allegedly caused by the weighbridge.
He said he had to leave the village for 10 years because he was arrested by the Assam police for opposing the establishment of the State Bank by Assam in Sabuda in the past years.
The NPP leader said that the BJP's promise to give T.50,000 to daughters has already been fulfilled and they should clarify whether it is money that can be used by the mother to raise children. or it is not deposited in the banks.
The 3 percent recruitment quota for the disabled, according to the PWD Act 1995, which was issued by the Governor on 25th July, 2012, has not been implemented at all. by RTI from government departments.
However, compared to the expenditure of the previous year 2012-1
Police have taken the body to Jowai Civil Hospital for post mortem.
Regarding the freedom of worship, Prof Kma said this too is in danger because the present government has turned to one religion.
On the 7th of this month, while Meghalaya is preparing for the elections, O'Brien raised the issue of the Smart Meter, which is still unclear why the price has increased. shaba too much.
Meghalaya managed to reach the target of 131 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 47.4 overs.
Shillong, November 12: Shillong Police have arrested Fuzel Ahmed Gaqzi on charges of raping a young girl at Glory Plaza in Khyndai Lad.
They have investigated the drugs from the arrested youths and they have revealed that they used to get the drugs from people who used to come in a Swift car number ML-05P .
Those coming from Mawkyrwat road will stop from Mawkawah taxi stand to TB Hospital, those coming from Rambrai road will stop at Rambrai taxi stand to Lyndet Bishops House, those coming from Riangdo road will stop at NRL petrol pump. to Nondein and Nongpyndeng Road.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Archbishop Dominic Jala, who served as Lyngdohniam for 41 years and as Archbishop for nearly 20 years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that the main reason why he came to the constituency to contest the elections is to know who are the corrupt legislators in the Legislative Assembly. He said that he wants to see and know where these government officers and MLAs get their salaries. He said that if he is elected as a member of the Legislative Assembly, he will bring about the collection of money by MLAs and officers under the rules of law. The law will look into this issue, said Richard Nongbsap.
This has stirred up the minds of many.
Throughout the day, the KSU held a program at the District Library Nongpoh, in the presence of Bah Shemphanglang L. Mawphlang, former Vice-President of the KSU Sengkmie, Pynshaiborlang Rani, KSU President James Mawphniang, Secretary KSU NKHD and many other elders and teachers.
The Congress also said that the inflation in all sectors accompanied by the increase in unemployment and the decline in GDP has deteriorated as it was before 2014 when the UPA government did not. don't suspect how mad the Modi Government is.
He said that even if the proposal comes, the PDF does not want to take the seat.
There shall be no restrictions on access or rules on the service delivery based on the collection of service charges from customers.
At present, the Aadhaar Number or Aadhaar Card is used by the people, even in the rural areas, as the Central Government on the decision of the Supreme Court of India, has said that anyone Social Security Schemes or Government Schemes, such as Ration, Poor Housing Scheme, Pension, Death Scheme, Agriculture Scheme, Scholarship and many other government assistance require Aadhaar Number.
The UDP meeting held today in Pynursla, after a meeting, decided to oppose the government's plan to hand over to the private sector and at the same time, it will meet the SDO of MeECL in Pynursla to ask for clarification on this plan, which has kept the general public in the dark.
According to sources, the truck of the 1st Battalion of BSF headquartered in Tura on 2nd July 2024 carrying BSF personnel along with their equipment and supplies to Tura sha border.
When asked why he didn't announce before the start of the match, he said it would cause problems if he did so because the losing teams might feel defeated or disappointed and this could lead to disaster. , but simply showing the box after the game won’t affect the losers much.
The Chief Leader, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh said that Wapung is one of the villages that produces leaders and heroes for the sake of the area.
Laban's Eijingmut Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 30th minute and one in the 80th minute.
The committee also objected to the deadline for payment of taxes to the government within 14 days, because after the implementation of the coal ban, which started on 17th June 2014, the owners of coal mines coal mines, are in dire straits, in terms of financial and other problems and it is suggested that the owners of coal mines, should pay tax according to their capacity. and according to their intention, to sell the coal.
During the elections, various political parties will come out to put various election issues before the people for consideration, and these election issues are for the purpose of bringing about welfare, development, to promote economic development, income generation, education, roads, protection of people and so on.
Wow! you are blessed with your mother; There is no light, but there is no light. These new generations are also protected by our leaders, especially through the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, which was passed by the MDCs of the KHADC, who proclaim patriotism once every three years. years ago, there were only about 15/20 Khar Muslims who went to pray in the mosque in Police Bazar on Mondays; but now there are thousands.
The Government through the State Project Director (SPD) Shillong has informed that the project has been released on 1st March to all districts of the state and it is up to the District Mission Coordinators (DMCs) to release it to all districts of the state. SMCs and transfer back to the accounts of the teachers.
The International Monetary Fund has recognized India as a 'light' in the world economy.
The mock drill was held at several venues including Mini Secretariat, Civil Hospital, Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat Market, Government Offices and Laitlawsang.
Every year, the auto drivers from Mawlai to Motphran used to hold the Christmas Carol but now they have decided that the Karol is just a waste of money. the best thing for them should be to donate to people in need like an orphanage.
All these schemes will help the BJP to get closer to the people.
He said the news shocked Japan as China had seen the working methods and had been able to gather detailed information about its activities.
JOWAI: The JSM, JSU, MUPF, EJNC and SBYWA have strongly condemned Agatha Sangma, MP of the National People's Party (NPP) from Garo Hills for supporting the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill The UDP, HSPDP and PDF have urged the NPP-led MDA government to withdraw its support for the CAB in the Lok Sabha.
This is a house that attracts the attention of the public, where there are everything from lenses, memory cards, flashes and pictures, which are exactly like cameras.
They also alleged that the TTADC has been neglected by the Tripura government where in the past two years there have been many bills issued by the TTADC but they are still pending. this time in the shlem of the Governor.
Besides, he said that this scheme is just another name, but the works are the same as those done by other government departments and there has been no new work.
Prayers were also offered by Mr. Stalbinus Dkhar for all the souls of the deceased and Father Henry Warbah Parish Priest.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has been the highest since the outbreak in India.
Defense Minister Roshan Warjri recently met with Defense Minister Rajnath Singh and Child Development Minister Kiren Rijiju in Delhi.
Although Goa tried to respond, they could not succeed and till the end suffered a defeat.
Shillong: The Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association together with the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, East Jaintia Hills District will hold a public meeting on the 9th July 2019 at Ma Teilang Phawa Football Ground. , at Dkhiah West, at 11:00 pm.
Furthermore, the report said that their recent friendlies, in which they won 2-0 against Panama and 7-0 against Curacao, have helped them a lot. The team scored 1840.93 points by beating Brazil from the top of the table after scoring 1834.21 points. They lost 2-1 in a friendly against Morocco and have now been relegated to third place.
Fourth cycle (after 18 days):- Repeat as in the fourth cycle.
The information was obtained from the Institute of Medical Research (ICMR).
“It is sad that the people have supported the calls of the Sengbhalang in the past few days, but the Sengbhalang does not think about the welfare,” said Lakiang.
Welcome speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Khliehrat East, Kedius Rymbai, Local Director, Emlangki Lamare, Manager CSR-Star Cement, Kingsok.
To promote self-employment among SC/STs, the Stand Up India scheme will be continued till
We have been comforted by the messages of condolence that we have received through writings and social media.
In a statement issued by the residents of the border area, they said that they will not allow Assam to occupy even a small area of ​​Meghalaya. He said that if the government does not say anything on the border issues in the area, in the next few days there will be another meeting of the people living on the border in the area. which will probably lead to tragic events that will affect the peace and order on the borders of the area.
It is only in the name of Jesus that a person can be transformed.
The incident started seven years ago and they used to go out for dinner or lunch together and one day, while they were at the house of Sanjay Leela Bhansali, a filmmaker, Bhansali said that , he invited them to eat lunch.
KHNAM President Pyndap Saibon has condemned the government's decision to investigate whether the KSU has any links with the HNLC just because of the rumors and spread on social media that the HNLC has proposed a bomb.
Thank you very much.
He said that those who want to come here have decided from the heart to change their minds.
It was on this day that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly passed a resolution on the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Baphra Schedule.
We cannot forget that many Rangbah Shnongs/Sordar Shnongs have been arrested and imprisoned.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynïaid said that 40 years ago, in 2013, before the MDC elections in 2014, the KHADC had rearranged the population of the constituencies.
Besides, former Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat and other dignitaries were also present at the home of Bah Khongwir.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 24: The road constructed by the PWD department from Porla to Tynhiang via Rimardon village, is very important but for many years since it was constructed, the government has not improved it. clean the color of this road.
Shillong: The KSU Umdohlun Circle has sent a letter to the Sub Divisional Office of the Government LP School in 2007 after the uranium strike. School Officer Mawkyrwat to reopen this school at Domiasiat.
This shows that the house of (L) Purno A Sangma is indeed a house chosen by God because from his house have come the leaders of the country and the nation since 1977 until now. 2019,the old saying goes, When God writes, the work is done greatly.
The Chief Minister said that 24,382 people have been screened and 5503 people have been quarantined at home and in government quarantine facilities.
We also demand that the Government and its departments like MSPCB and other relevant departments should turn their attention to the preservation of the environment. The Dorbar Shnongs and Rangbah Shnongs of various villages in the District should not issue clearance to such factories which affect the environment and society from now on. They have been given the authority to issue NOCs to such factories which cause losses to the society and the nation as a whole.
In these days since the heavy rainfall, there have been landslides around the area and floods in which the rivers have also flooded and flowed beyond the danger line.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU Soonapyrdi) has vowed to shut down the mobile tower of BSNL if the company does not take action to provide net work in the area.
FKJGP, Khliehriat Circle: President: Daniel Diengdoh Vice President: Gobin Siangshai Secretary: Tony Chyrmang Assistant Secretary: Dewis Shylla Organizing Secretary: David Rymbai Assistant Organizing Secretary: Shainmi Rymbai Johnlang Bamon Assistant Sport Secretary: Johnlang Bamon Agriculture Secretary: Almiki Kanai Assistant Agriculture Sec: Burom Siangshai Disciplinary Secretary: Jerbonstone Nongpluh Assistant Disciplinary Secretary
Mega Audition-1 will be held on 20.9.2019 and Mega Audition-2 will be held on
Shillong, Lber 18 : The Congress Leader and MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency who is also the Congress candidate for the re-election election has urged the people who support other political parties to They will unite on this occasion and support the Congress in the Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June so that it can rule again in Delhi.
On the other hand, the DC, Bah E.Kharmalki, has issued this order through the order of the Governor of Meghalaya to ban the import of syiar from abroad after some states in the country have banned the import of syiar. Bird Flu or Avian Influenza has spread around the country.
The incident took place at Panth Piplai village, about 35 km from Indore. The victims were workers from Maharashtra to Uttar Pradesh.
It is also a sign that St. Don Bosco loved us very much.
They also demanded that the government should take action against the contractors who work overtime, which is more than 8 hours as stipulated by the government. to cleanse the sky and if they cannot, they are fired by their employers.
Many Christians are involved in all activities, all on social media and in various Khasi newspapers2
Meanwhile, wholesale shops in Lad Rymbai, Khliehriat, Sookilo will be allowed to open daily from Monday to Friday from 2PM to 4PM to assist customers. villages far from the border areas of Assam and Bangladesh by arrangement and directive issued by this Office.
According to visitors, the deceased was identified as Pishal Pohnong, daughter of Phait Dkhar and Sbun Pohnong.
In the raid, the BSF troops stopped these two vehicles carrying the cows by throwing them inside the vehicle in a slow manner.
The Chief Minister said that the State Government has seen the need for digital learning aids and has tried as much as possible to distribute these aids to the students.
Shillong, Lber 6 : The office of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has confirmed that he and Union Home Minister Amit Shah will witness the swearing-in ceremony of the Cabinet tomorrow. Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister and his 11 ministers.
Therefore, foreigners like Assamese, Bangladeshis, Nepalis and Karbis don't believe and respect our speech, because they know the inferior status of us Rengmatlah, in front of the Rengshyieng, who really have the BOR BOR (having authority).
The three persons arrested on the same day include Kishore Kumar from Uttar Pradesh, Rajan Kumar Sonia from Bihar and Sonkumar from Maharashtra.
LUMPL received the award at the 18th North East Metalliferous Mines Safety Week 2020-21 held at Guwahati on the 19th of this month under the banner of DGMS, Ministry of Labor and Employment of the Central Government.
The 21-year-old husband died shortly after drinking poison in the incident that happened on Tuesday at the Kanadia of the Arya Samaj Temple in Indore. state Madhya Pradesh.
Dayoo Ïakai, President of the Central Executive Committee of Jowai, has appealed to the residents of Jowai to join hands with the initiative to ban the use of plastic bags from now on. the joy of the fire of nature.
Sports Sect- Invite Tron.
The deterioration of this road in Anjali has been going on for months, due to the government's lack of attention to repair this road and has caused a lot of trouble to the vehicles.
While Banisha was cleaning the middle room, she heard the sound of a silver but not expensive phalor.
He said that for 10 years since 01-04-2017 until now, the people with disabilities have not received T.500/- per month from the Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme. for Persons with Disabilities.
However, surprisingly, it was alleged that there was a shortcoming in the conduct of the examination at the Jowai Center from the questioning and collection of admit cards.
In the penalty shootout, Kingfisher FC won 4-3 and advanced to the final.
Government officials posted for external supervision are also provided with facilities that can provide security in connection with their work and supervision of roads and bridges railroad," he said.
Four persons were taken to Karimganj district and one to Silchar district.
During the meeting, the leaders gave their opinions, asked questions and expressed their concerns.
In other words, the Bible is not only a living language, but from one generation to another people preach and talk about it; they save and communicate it, and the Bible gives comfort and hope to many.
According to the information received by the union, in several blocks of East Khasi Hills district, the posts of gram sevika have been cancelled.
The program will start at 10:30 pm and it will also be a day for farmers from all over the state to meet to discuss and discuss the problems faced by the farmers.
A source from Byrnihat PO said that the truck was driven by Basumastry and his follower Vicky Chetri, carrying goods including soap and soap, with the intention of dropping them off at Aizawl.
Ma Kmenlang Shylla was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners.
On the other hand, the JAC has alleged that Rohit was appointed as Technical Officer/Senior Consultant by the Vice Chancellor, Prabha Shankar Shukla without issuing any announcement or advertisement. VC and the interview was conducted by video call.
Even after 90 minutes of play, no one could break through.
Although these two houses were destroyed by the storm, no tragic incident occurred.
Shillong Lajong Football Club, the Shillong Lajong Football Club, will play its first match in the final round today. 6th June 2023 in Shillong.
Allu Arjun and Rashmika Mandanna were also named in the Most Valued Celebrities list, with Allu ranked 20th and Rashmika 25th.
Even now many Israelites do not accept Jesus as their King.
The couple planned to escape at 5am today when police took them to the scene to film the incident. one house in Bengaluru.
Speeches were delivered by nine people who have improved as a group in their work in various fields and have participated in many programs in the state, the country and the world. whole.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nartiang Modop Unit has demanded that the government authorities should provide assistance to a family from Nartiang village whose house was damaged in the earthquake on 11th November
The IED blast occurred on Saturday night at the Shillong Syndicate Bus Stand, Mawlong Market Area near the Metor Area.
“As we have seen that Bah Rani has alleged in the media that the police have taken Rs 10,000 for a sticker and on this we have sent him to bring evidence and now we are waiting for the answer"he added.
Coming back to the second half action, both teams changed tactics.
In another tweet, Himanta Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, wrote, “It is a great pleasure to invite Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, to my residence. evening.
Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla today sent a letter to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma to request for the deterioration of the NH6 from Mynkren to Malidor. in East Jaintia Hills.
“The recommendations received from this meeting will be submitted to the AICC for examination.
The money was allocated three years ago but the MDA Government has not taken any action yet.
Sohniamtra from Mawphu and Nongsteng were brought to the festival.
In developed countries, poverty is more common among the poor and low-income people.
However, shortly after the start of the tournament, the MFA authorities have started to change the tournament by preparing to hold it only on weekends and also on Sundays. The holiday, which has started to cause problems to the teams, as the ground prepared for the matches is only the MFA Turf, Third Ground, Polo.
Ampareen said that their visit today will not be in support of the MDA Government, but only in support to fight against the problems of the people in the state.
They will be accompanied by their two personal security officers, Aiborlem Diengdoh and Storgy Lyngdoh.
He said that the reason why he sought information through RTI to get accurate information on the implementation of the HMNEH scheme, is because he wants to get assistance from this department. government for the purpose of cleaning up the sohniamtra trees which he planted at Umroh 18mer.
Shillong: The Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Information Technology (IT) Department, Macdalyne Mawlong, on Tuesday said that the implementation of the hand sanitizer machine for the employees of the Council will be implemented in the coming days. .
The suspension of the polling in this constituency on 27th June, 2023 follows the death of UDP candidate Bah HDR Lyngdoh on 20th June,
This statement by the Wahehshnong has shocked the residents who need to get a Residential Certificate for their jobs.
Mukul said such public announcements can be regarded as crimes and crimes and it is necessary to determine whether these people have malicious intentions or do not have accurate information.
It is not right to mix the railway with the ILP, because these two issues are like a money laundering, which says, “If the head comes out, I win, when the world comes out, I lose. yourself.
“Look at the tourists coming by vehicles from West Bengal and they benefit the state more than the waidong industry,” he said.
In Pune, 22 people have died and 308 new cases have been reported in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 367 in the Maharashtra capital. 8,134 people.
“In fact, the government should not spend time on this issue and there is no need to talk to the other group,” he said. “It should have taken or evicted only its employees and those who stayed illegally should have been removed and why does the government allow those who stay illegally to stay in its area”.
He was also charged with murder and arrested without bail in the Cook County Jail.
The aim is also to introduce a system that will include women, people with disabilities and the backward sections of society.
He said another reason why he delayed his resignation is because he wants to talk about many issues that the people are facing especially the coal issue and others.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the VPP, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the purpose of the meeting was to raise awareness among the people on the two issues from Mawlai Square. It is also the same square where they started to gather and prepare for the protest to demand their own state in previous years.
They have done all this just to humiliate us and our good and also to oppose the development projects we have brought.
If it has not been released, why can't the Meghalaya government talk to the Indian government to release it?
Ayoshee joined the PRIME program in April, and has benefited greatly from investing in her startups.
On this occasion, the office of the BDO Umsning Block, has lodged a complaint with the Police, to arrest those involved in the robbery, which was intended to damage the office of the BDO in Umsning.
Regarding the arrest of the members, the Union was urged to follow the rules of law and find a way to release them on bail so that they can escape from jail.
There are many factors that affect peace and order, but that does not mean that the Government is silent.
Because It is not easy for private school teachers not to receive their salaries.
Another thing that is essential if we want to be successful team writers is that we should never tell anyone about our dreams when we see that number.
The Dorbar Shnongs under the leadership of the Incident Commanders shall ensure the provision of essential items in the villages through the shops in the villages and townships.
However, we don't understand how good books can bring a person good character and ideas that can explain people's behaviour, morality, way of life and thinking.
Officers from PWD Shillong South Division along with village leaders were present on the occasion.
“The State Executive Committee of the NPP Meghalaya State Unit today decided not to contest the mid-term elections from Shella Constituency,” said the statement. Balajied Kupar Synrem, candidate of the UDP.
Therefore, she encouraged the athletes of South West Khasi Hills District who were honored today to continue to work hard to become the stars of the future not only in the sports but also in the future. district, but also the state and India.
SAFF General Secretary Anwarul Huq said Stimac's actions should not extend his suspension for more than one game.
He said this in the Special Session of the Legislative Assembly directed by the Governor to hold a Special Session on the election of the Chairman of the KHADC. “In 1978, a Deputy Chairman of the KHADC, after being elected to the post, gave a congratulatory speech instead of saying assurance. ) said that as Deputy Chairman I will provide insurance and all the MDCs have agreed, so this time too I expect you too Bah Blah to provide insurance and assurance,” he said. Crane beer and Mr. Bindo.
The Meghalaya New & Renewable Energy Development Agency (MRDA) together with the Ministry of New & Renewable Energy, on 23rd July held a National Seminar on the topic, “Promoting the use of off-grid electricity Courtyard by Marriot, Khyndai Lad, Shillong.
At the same time, he also allocates time for reading, playing and doing household chores.
Shillong, March 28: The residents of Meghalaya have to take an oath when they go to live in any house according to the Landlords and Verification Bills
The program was conducted in compliance with the SOPs of the government, using face masks, sanitiser and social distancing.
Wanz Mawroh scored 56 runs from 55 balls, Sanjay Mandal 31 runs from 31 balls while Pankaj Roy took four wickets and Sameer Quereshi took four wickets. 2 wickets.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 5: To commemorate the birth anniversary of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, the first Vice President of the country and former President of India, On 10th November 2023, the 62nd Teachers' Day was celebrated at Bishop Hall, New Nongstoin.
They demanded the restoration of the areas which Assam forcibly separated from the Jowai Civil Sub-Division and forcibly transferred to the United Cachar & Mikir Hills District in
He will join you in your little journey.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, neighbors of Bah Phanbuh said that they don't know anything, because it was a time when they were sleeping well, but they were surprised to hear the shock from the family.
Conrad said that in the 45th anniversary of independence, only 4500 households in the border areas have received water supply but the NPP-led MDA Government has now received water supply. to provide up to 3 lakh households with drinking water through the JJM scheme within 3 years.
Among the four HITO leaders who have taken anticipatory bail, they include Donbok Dkhar, President and Sahaniah Nongrum, Legal Secretary.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Titos Chyne said that the purpose of the opening of the department is to guide the students to choose their lines of study. part of them because most of them thought that the education department that people are more interested in is more valuable but through this they get information that according to their ability they can choose and understand the education that they want. please don't load yourself.
Marian Hill HS School, HK Singh Memorial School, Laishnong HS, Ïalong Secondary School, Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and Sawlyngdoh HSS have qualified for the quarter finals of the District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament. You are the District Sports Officer (DS), West Jaintia Hills.
Avoid smoking cigarettes :- This is one of the types of alcohol that causes many health problems especially in relation to the blood.
Shillong, Naitung 12: It is still a busy time of sale, especially in Motphran and some places, but the vendors have not been able to collect their goods, because the police have sent to collect Not for the implementation of Section 144 Cr.
He said that regarding the carol, the government has decided not to allow the carol from one village to another as usual every year.
One section is about pine trees or pine hills which we will discuss in more detail here and the other is about pine forests commonly known as rainforests.
Shillong: The Khasi Kmie Festival will be held on the 13th, 14th and 15th June 2019 at Jaiaw Weiking Hall, Shillong.
There are three candidates from Nongkrem constituency for the mid-term MDc election, Lambor Nongrum of the Congress, HS Shylla of the UDP and Hubert Riang of the HSPDP. There are also 3 other candidates who may be Bah Edar Nongbri or Bah Erwin K Sutnga.
And Jesus' disciples asked him, saying, What shall be the sign of thy coming, and of the end of the world? Matthew 24:3
He said that parents work hard and suffer to see their children go to school but many of the youth think that the future is not bright due to the lack of job opportunities.
They live in Shillong and Sohra.
Religion is also allowed to marry the couple without the consent of the parents.
She elaborated on the difference between tribes and indigenous peoples, where tribes are those who fled from one place to another.
They also demanded to expedite the investigation of the Inquiry Committee into the alleged irregularities in the recruitment of the 360 ​​vacancies that were conducted in the examination last year.
“We have received his name, but we don't want to tell you here,” said Bah Warlarpih.
SGH, which took the lead to bat first, scored 77 runs and lost all the batsmen in 18.4 overs.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Meghalaya Basketball Association (BABA) in collaboration with the Sports Authority of India (BABA) has launched the 3×3 Khelo India U-17 Women's League Tournament. starting from 27th July to 29th July, 202 at St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong.
This year, the theme of International Customs Day 2023 is “Nurturing the next generation: promoting a culture of knowledge-sharing and professional pride in Customs.
He said that the KSU and other Sengbhalang groups have been forced to come forward to protect the Khasi people.
He said that in the country there are many kinds of rituals of different ethnic groups and such rituals are signs of unity of the people.
The investigation against the two is ongoing.
They said that it is useful to go to government health centres.
He said that the Central Executive Committee will hold a meeting to discuss this, he said that when the time comes, all these will be revealed and it depends on the arrangement and discussion.
In a statement, Hoffen Muller Langte, Publicity Secretary, KSU SWKHD, said that Dango has been in office for 20 years but there has been no development in the area.
Replying to this, the Executive Member of Trade, Bah Antonio War said that the Council cannot ban the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners.
The theme of the program is “Human Security Agenda in the Globalized World”.
It is not their responsibility to heat or provide fire.
Ganga was elected as a Member of the Legislative Council in Bihar in 1994 and held the post for 18 years. He was also the BJP leader and led the opposition in Bihar for five years.
In the men's breast-stroke 100m category, the winners were Khrawkupar Lyngdoh, Fuljunesing Marngar and Willam K. Sangma. Willam K. Sangma and Willam K. Sangma.
Speaking at the meeting, Pala said, “It doesn't matter whether you belong to the NPP, TMC, UDP, HSPDP or VPP but let us unite and support the Congress because in Delhi it is only the Congress or the BJP. to form a new government"
Traffic experts tell us that the roads of Meghalaya are no different from the condition of the Bramaputra River.
Many priests, religious leaders such as sisters and the public have died from the second wave of the disease since mid-June.
If the Supreme Court is in Delhi, or the Modi government is in Delhi and if it lifts the coal ban, then there will be laughter and criticism by the people of Jaintia Hills and the state. But if Modi goes to Khliehriat and speaks only words, then there is nothing wrong with the people who suffer from the coal mining and this is the best example for Conrad Sangma. .
Among the schools that participated were Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, Modern Academy Higher Secondary School, Rangmaw, JNV, South West Khasi Hills District. , Mawthawpdah Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Little Star Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, St. Xavier's College, Umoid, Mawten Secondary School, Mawlangwir Girls Secondary School, Mawlangwir Girls Secondary School, Mawlangwir Girls Secondary School, and Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
Initially, there were only 34 students and it was in April 1973 that Pre University Classes were allowed to start and it was not until 1987 that they received such recognition. In 1983, it was moved to its present location at Weiking, Jaiaw, Shillong.
Even the insects that destroy it don't have many that we have found that we don't have to worry about destroying.
The midfielder joined United from Leicester City for £80m in 2019, but it has now emerged that he will be on Ten Hag's list of players to sell if there is a better proposal.
Speakers from the DC to the Minister and others praised the Mutong Village for organizing this festival for the sake of protecting the environment and improving the income of the people through these beautiful places.
Furthermore, it is true that there are some people in the world and even in this country who have doubts or doubts and who ask some questions. interview with media Many people say that corona virus is corona politics and the government has sent us people to observe social distancing, sanitize hands and wear masks especially in public places , many people do not follow these government guidelines, this shows that there are those who believe and do not believe in the existence of this disease.
According to the officer in charge of the market, the market has been given a year for those people or traders who buy goods to put their produce in their market.
“Out of the 49 employees, many of them have been confirmed within two or three years after working illegally,” said Bah Pyrtuh.
If we examine this, we will see that there is a thut, a kjut, a ring, a pajut, outside.
Syngkon said the BJP's decision to support the NPP shows the true face of all these parties, but they leave all this to the wisdom of the people. he shall take a decision in this regard.
The Minister said that the government through the department will strive to complete 100% vaccination of the residents and in this regard the government urges all residents who have not yet been given the tikka should come forward.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong.
The HYC strongly opposes the approval of Bah Pynshngain for the road without consulting or calling for talks with the people or political parties who oppose the construction of the road.
However, the surprising and sad thing is that when the cards were distributed to the households, no cards were distributed to those who had registered second names, the cards were distributed only to those households whose names were registered. The Supply Department, the Deputy Commissioner Supply West Jaintia Hills District and the SDO (Supply) Amlarem-Subdivision have thanked the residents of the Sub-Division including the Union of Rangbah. Villages, employers and dealers who violate the rights of residents who are entitled to receive under the National Food Security Act.
Freedom in the family is freedom in Jesus/Yahshua and this is the freedom that creates a strong family structure that can endure and go through.
On Thursday and Saturday the service will be at 6.30 PM and on Sunday at 10 am.
In the final match, Vulvcans beat Striker XI by 60 runs.
Surjela said the village authority in charge of these schemes has the authority to ensure that the food is of good quality.
“I have received the support of about 45 to 52 MLAs from all political parties in the state to lead the new government,” said Bah Robert. The meeting of the new government will be held tomorrow at 2 pm at the hall of Nazareth Hospital.
According to Rijiju, the North East is the beginning of South East Asia and the opening of the ICP will boost trade between India and Bangladesh and other neighboring countries.
According to Garod LSN Dykes Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, after receiving a tip that there is a death of pigs in Tiehsaw village, the District AH Veterinary Officer has sent staff from the Tiehsaw village. office to conduct a test to determine the cause of death.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, Pangniang said that during the meeting, the MLA also put forward four issues. The Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoin, first of all, to speak on the deterioration of the Mawthaw Road and the Wah Rambrai Bridge, where he as an MLA has already submitted a letter recently. The chief engineer should not be repaired immediately.
The meeting was held at the ground floor of KJP School in the presence of the residents of Tiehsaw and others.
He said that they will meet with the district authorities to ask for support to hold puja if the school authorities refuse.
However, Chibasal Sangma scored the second goal for Lumparing SC and the score was 2-2
It is for this reason that the Government should take the initiative to address the challenges we face every day.
All the owners of houses are requested to inform the Shnong of those who come to stay in their homes or shops.
KSU Mairang Circle expresses its deep sorrow over the assault on our daughter by a robber without counting the rain.
Don't be happy that you have only a happy, peaceful life without storms, be happy when storms come in life, because it helps you to be a victorious fighter.
Shillong, Nailur 8: U PA Minister of State for Textiles Kavuru Sambasiva Rao on Saturday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) at Umsawli-Mawlong.
He also urged that it is necessary to speak in Khasi in the Assembly because there are MLAs who have not completed Matric and it is necessary to speak and write in Khasi and this will increase and improve. in the Khasi language.
Shillong: The Physical Efficiency Test (PET) which is scheduled to start from 5th June, 2021 at 1′′ MLP Bn.
On Tuesday, 37 new cases were confirmed and no deaths were reported.
The Cherry Blossom Festival will be held from 17th, 18th and 19th November at Bhoirymbong Square, Ri-Bhoi District.
These companies have issued 5,200 receipts showing that they sold gold on 8th November 2016 at the price of T.2 lakh each. PAN (permanent account number) at the time of purchase and sale.
However, if children and older children are affected, they often show attitude, increased anger and resentment and some appear to be away from others.
MADURAI: During the coronavirus pandemic, the number of hospitals in India has increased significantly.
It is to be recalled that the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai has decided to close down the markets in Jowai if the council and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) cannot clean up the garbage.
Kirot Phawa scored the four goals for Iong-I in the 2nd minute, Pynaimi Phawa in the 25th minute and Ioolangki Sana scored two goals in the 36th and 57th minutes.
Shillong, July 7: U Bah Disparsing Rani today refused to be the mediator for peace talks between the HNLC and the government.
At the same time, places around the city have been crowded especially in the Motphran, Khyndai Lad area to go up and down to buy goods.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Mawroh for taking the cleanliness of the morning as one of the priority tasks in the village.
“We have directed the NHIDCL to deploy engineers at the workplace so that if there is any landslide, they can clean up as soon as possible,” he said.
He came to take away sins and to deliver man from the devil.
The Union has organized an emergency meeting on May 22, 2023 to pray for those widows who have been affected by the perpetrators.
T.10,000 crore scheme to recognize Micro Food Enterprises (MFEs) • The scheme promotes the Prime Minister's objective: 'A voice for our people to reach the world' • Individual unit MFEs need encouragement to meet FSSAI food standards, to enhance their reputation and marketing them• Scheme to be launched to help 2 lakh MFEs meet targets • Existing micro food enterprises, farmer groups, Self Help Groups and Cooperatives will receive assistance. • There will be cluster management (eg sohpeing in UP, Kesar in J&K, rice in the North-East, rice in Andhra Pradesh, rice in Tamil Nadu and others)• Expected achievements: Improvement in terms of health and safety, unity and the markets.
The question also arises: Does democracy come from outside God? If so, doesn't this mean that democracy is against the devil? It is for this reason that democracy has become so bad.
Four members of the United National Liberation Front (UNLF) have been arrested in Thoubal district of Manipur. he was a soldier.
The ICP was developed by the Land Ports Authority of India (LPAI) under the Border Management Department of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
As for the word TECHNOLOGY, it means advanced knowledge, according to the present times, which in Khasi, can be called KNOWLEDGE. The Khasi word is TYLLAW. Because it is from the TYLLAW that we get the power to burn fire, like umphniang.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The National Spokesperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Saket Gokhale on Tuesday criticized the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma. Smart Electricity Meters, the collapse of the new Legislative Assembly, the delay in the implementation of the Shillong Smart City Ltd.
The festival will bring together the stars of Indian films on one stage and the festival has started to spread to other countries.
General Aung Aung with the agreement of six senior military chiefs in the chain of command, especially the permission of the Chief of Staff of the Myanmar Army, Min Aung Hlaing, u who is the head of state in power in Myanmar.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 59346 out of which 53945 have recovered and 988 have died.
The program was held at Moomulang Moobynna Point, Ïalong.
The Khasi classify the age of a person as follows: Those under 50 years of age, between 25-50 years old, are called young men, those over 50 years old and above 75 years old are called old men. Those who are over 75 years old and older until they pass away are called tymmen ki kro.
He said that the NPP has not taken the decisions of the UDP and although there are many issues that the UDP has opposed, the NPP has not taken any decisions or accepted the decisions. the UDP crane.
Shillong, June 23: Former President of KSU Bengaluru Unit Samla Rymphang Nongsiej has reminded the state government of its failure to clarify whether it will build the Meghalaya House in Bengaluru. that the organization has been communicating since
We are angry over the incompetence of this government and corruption in all aspects.
The management of NEIGRIHMS said that this success in the operation and treatment of pulmonary valve stenosis in the area will benefit the patients in the future.
However, the most exciting news came from the silver medal team of the women's recurve team led by Navidisha Kapoor, Daphishisah Jamu and Damandashisha Pasi. and Andrica Nongsiej.
Babu Birbor said that during the meeting, one of the teachers with disabilities shouted in front of the Prime Minister because he said that the government cannot re-employ these teachers.
“We want the youth to work hard to fight against other ethnic groups and while we have this opportunity we will use it properly and not only to fight against each other but also against others. them," he said.
“We are delighted to see that the Seng has come forward to help us as the people of the village.
To increase the source of domestic production, the Ministry of Mines introduced the auction system in 2015, by issuing Mining Licenses (ML) and Composite Licenses (CL) to increase mining. in a clear and time-bound manner.
However, today 18th July 2023 it was confirmed that he has become a full member of the BJP party. He is Bahduh Diostarness Jyndiang former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency. I am determined to contest the general election MLA 2023 from this party.
He said that these foreigners had offered money to the members of the KSU and the Jowai Police had also taken the leaders of the KSU Jowai to the police station including President Ewanmi Phawa, General Secretary Leonard Dhar, Publicity Secretary Nidapoi Shadap and Member Ewanmi Kyndait to inquire into the arrest of these foreigners.
Shillong: The Indian Navy today left Ksan after being ordered by its higher authorities to leave.
Indeed, on October 20, 2023, on the opening day of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly that has just been elected in the past few days, we have seen the fulfillment of this proverb.
Anderson Higher Secondary School won the second prize, followed by Sibsingh Memorial Higher Secondary School in second place.
However, he said that the Central Government through the Minister of Human Resource Development, the Central Government has spoken clearly and understands the problem of the colleges here, as many of them are affiliated to NEHU. “I would like to say that the students of the state should not be afraid to take this examination, because the Minister of State “He has already spoken clearly in a meeting with me in Delhi,” said Conrad.
Guwahati Police led by JCP Partha Mahanta today conducted a raid at Jorabat and seized a truck number HP 62 B 5088 coming from Tripura and Police have seized 101 kilograms of heroin packed in plastic.
The Holy Bible makes it clear to us: “Therefore you shall not give your daughters to the sons of the princes, nor take the daughters of the princes for your sons” (Ezra 9 :12).
On the other hand, the Chief Secretary did not elaborate on the recommendations of the committee which has investigated the matter.
However, as it appeared in one of the leading newspapers of the state, that because the CAB has died, it has reached the point of death; and I saw, and it came to pass.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 15: While we are moving towards a brighter era, the Generation of Technology, however, the attitude of the residents remains the same and no one respects the environment or puts cleanliness first, until it has been destroyed and I am ready to check the condition of the rivers especially those in Nongstoiñ.
T.20,00,000/- and four mobile phones were recovered from them.
“This action of the Assam government will inevitably lead to conflict, violence and ethnic discrimination as well as the movement of the residents,” said Pyrkhat Pyrphet, Chairman of the Lapangap Khanduli Border Area Joint Action. Committee.
On the issue of party money from the people's money, Bah Kharjahrin said, “The government doesn't have money, but in everything it uses it is public money because the people pay the taxes. All the people will have to pay this tax, and it will be immoral for any party to use this money to promote any party”.
He also urged all the participants to practice Yoga as it brings great benefits as it is a great medicine that can cure many diseases in the human body.
Hopefully it will not stir up the wind of prejudice.
Therefore, I don't have anything to blame for this,” said Conrad.
Hearing from these village leaders, the HYC leaders said that they will soon think and in the next few days they will take the necessary action against the villagers. The steel company in Harlibagan, on the grounds that they do not respect or listen to the opinions of others.
The Minister in charge of Law, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the letter sent by the National Law Commission has been received but she has not yet seen it, but the State Government will be ready to submit it to the Cabinet for discussion. this is the mat.
I would like to thank Sir Brama for taking the initiative to visit immediately when our paid Khasi Khara who live in block2 are facing difficulties.
Banalari World Cars was established on 11th March 2007 and has been serving the people for 11 years.
Why then do we not catch the words of deceit and thanksgiving? We the people of Meghalaya have become the victims of Conrad Sangma and L Rymbui.
One Direction members Harry Styles, Liam Payne, Louis Tomlinson, Niall Horan and Zayn Malik will meet again for the first time in eight years at James Corden's last show. be together again as in the past.
On the other hand, the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that this is an issue that has been raised since he was an MDC to look after the problems of the farmers.
The opening ceremony was attended by R.Kharmujai, Managing Director, Mawphanlur Village, Sordar of Mawphanlur, Bah A.Lyngkhoi EE, PHE Nongstoin. He was one of the officers who through his office helped to beautify the area through seven outdoor areas built in the shape of a skum house. , Branch Manager, Nongstoin Branch and others who also spoke.
The total number of those who have been injected once and have been injected is 33,243 and those who have been injected twice are 20,8
Perhaps, many of the MLAs think that it would be better for them to join the BJP so that the Central Government can provide more assistance.
The government's order will also reduce the cost of writing, although it will not affect the essence of the love agreement between the couple. and he opened the door to those who needed it.
This extension decision will come into force from 1st June,
Three more BJP MLAs have tested positive for the virus today, bringing the total number of MLAs in Assam to viruses.
The owner is currently holding out for a world record £6 billion fee for the club before agreeing and accepting the sale of the club.
Lumiawmushai has 4 points while Sabahmuswang has 1 point.
If the MDA government does not complete the remaining arrear, it has failed in front of the teachers and education in our state.
At present, the Central Government has charged T.32-33 per liter of petrol as Excise Duty and the VAT charged by the State Government has been T.22-23 per litre.
Portugal beat 3-2 goals to win the opening match of the World Cup in Qatar.
“Ka seng stands firmly on the ground of not allowing uranium mining but urges the government through PWD to issue NOC for KHADC to improve these bad roads in the area for the sake of uranium mining. The interests of the people and the entire area especially these areas fall under the Ranikor constituency where you are the leader,” said the KSU leaders in a meeting with Danggo.
According to Bah Lewis, the foreign tourists don't throw garbage but the Khasi brothers and sisters who come to drink bitor and garbage.
“There are places where they have parked on both sides of the road and this has caused traffic jam when vehicles coming from one side and from the other,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, gave special thanks to the Deputy Commissioner for bringing such a laboratory to the school in East Jaintia Hills District.
Are you and I compassionate and merciful to our fellow human beings? At such times I see that many have tried to do charitable deeds as individuals, or as a family or as an organization and so on.
Shillong, Lber 02: The Voice of People Party (VPP) on Friday expressed its dissatisfaction with the counting of votes in Mylliem Constituency where the party candidate Aibandaplin F Lyngdoh has been defeated. Congress candidate Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
Khliehriat, July 09: The Waheh Shnong of Tuber Kmai Shnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh and the Secretary of the IVCS, Bah Denis Lyngdoh, were seriously injured in a shooting incident by a man identified as Bah Training Phawa.
Speaking on the occasion, which is also the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi, he said that Gandhi had a desire to make India the cleanest country in the world.
In connection with this scheme, a Project Monitoring Unit (PMU) of the Central Government will be set up to work for the full implementation of the project and the cost of this scheme will be T.225.09 crore.
However, righteous work and righteous earnings shall be our foundation and pillars.
However, he did not want to challenge the MLAs who won because they had the right to win when they were in the government.
If it is in this form, it is similar to the creation of snad for people who do not have shñiuh.
They were also given the opportunity to join any college of their choice, free admission, and a fee of T.
They died when they saw the man.
Akhilesh Yadav also slammed the BJP government for its order to send people to buy plates during the Janata Curfew to pay tribute to those who fought against the coronavirus. .
However, after many discussions with the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Dobar Hima, we have requested to hand over the land to the Government.
The words, "Because thou hast not believed my words, which shall be fulfilled in their season.
Nongstoiñ, June 17: Seven Brothers FC has won the CMiv LPFT 2019-2020 Football Tournament in Laitkseh.
After being informed by the EM, the Rangbah Shnongs of Umsning Umsning including Umsning Lumumpih, Umsning Lum Roman, Umsning Proper A, Umsning Patarim and others, held a meeting. They said that the statement of the MDC of Mawhati is false as there is no response to the complaint against the cattle farming company.
In 2018, after the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma came to power, there was a demand from the political parties for the implementation of the ILP. “The MDA government will implement the ILP in the state because in the MDA government there are ethnic parties, whose top priority in the election campaign is the ILP,” said Bah Marngar.
The MGA also brought in a coach from Manipur, L Baleshwor Singh, who has spent months in Shillong to train the children.
In this incident, a hill has collapsed with stones, trees and ground have fallen in the middle of the road.
After these plants began to decline and become extinct and difficult to obtain due to human deforestation and also due to the increase in cultivation, farmers had to cultivate them. forest and to burn the trees and branches so that the soil will be fertile, now they have started to plant these medicinal plants in their own areas.
What will happen at that time? Shall we believe and accept the explanation of our children and relatives?
These villages which will receive drinking water include from Mawtnum to Shangbangla which includes 18 villages which have been allocated under this scheme. water in every city.
“The Mawlai MLA also urged the BJP Meghalaya to implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, which the Governor has now sent to the Home Ministry.
South Korea is the team that opened its Asian Cup career by winning the title in 1956 and the last victory in She won the trophy as the captain of the tournament in
The beauty of this dance is very beautiful; it deceiveth and deceiveth all.
Because of this, they have to spend a lot of money to stay in private hostels or stay away.
He said that when he tried to switch on the mobile phone he had bought in front of these counterfeiters, it appeared only the Apple logo and disappeared.
“Your suggestion is good, my son,” said the mother. “When I have 10 lakh, I will buy a second hand car to earn a stand, my mother,” said Tamsneng.
The meeting was conducted by the KSU in collaboration with the Urban Mission of the KJP Western Synod, VHAM and others.
However, although the two months deadline has expired, the CEM has not been able to submit the report. The EM in charge of Taxation, Bah Donkupar Sumer, said that the deadline has been extended. until the last month of July this year.
“I don't accept the resignation of Kong Roshan, she is a hard worker, orderly and responsible,” said Dr Mukul.
These leaders of various political parties said that the government should think first of the people of East Jaintia Hills and the state especially in terms of the health of the people where the Corona virus can spread. The government has decided to allow trucks to transport coal from Assam to East Jaintia Hills.
The coins at that time were still 10 tyngka, 2 tyngka and 10 tyngka coins.
The ordination of Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar was conducted by the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD in the presence of Archbishop John Moolachira of Guwahati, Archbishop Dominic Lumon of Guwahati. Imphal in the presence of other Bishops and Priests from other religious states from the North East in the presence of Leopoldo Girelli Apostolic Nuncio to India and Nepal.
We journalists have to attend every Assembly session and we feel stupid when we listen to the questions and answers in the Assembly.
He said that as of now, in the state, the government has already ordered the closure of all those coke factories which operate illegally and only those coke factories which have proper documents have been allowed.
The church in Sardis is the remains.
In July 2024, police registered six accidents in which six people were killed and 13 seriously injured.
Another issue is that the District Council should set clear rules under the VAB on the powers of the Rangbah Shnong to issue No Objection Certificates especially the issuance of No Objection Certificates to non-Khasis, NOCs. NOC in the sale and purchase of land in which the certificate shall be approved by the Rangbah Shnong and shall also inform the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Former Chairman of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Manstudy Nongrem CEM, former Congress MDC from Langrin Constituency, on Tuesday said that during his tenure as Chairman, he worked hard to set up an Advisory Committee. The committee has already drafted seven Bills which show that the Hima, Elaka, Sirdirships should have their own Bills to strengthen the governance. “However, I am sorry that the Executive Committee has drafted 7 Bills but the Executive Committee has not brought them to the House to pass law,” said Bah Mansturdy. Saturday of the week.
Nitesh Kumar, owner of M/s Kaveri Infratech India, has lodged a complaint that between 25th November, 2021 and November , has distributed 69,500 Metric Tonnes of stone worth T.3.13 crore to four persons.
On the allegation that the Minister has made false promises just to waste time and delay the protest, Lahkmen said, “I have no intention of misleading or deceiving anyone and I stand by my word. talk.
Paul Lyngdoh said the PAC will continue to monitor the outstanding works done by the previous committee such as the shopping centers in Jowai and Shillong, the land acquisition works at the Umroi airport and others.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Unidentified robbers have set fire to the house of Stewmon Nongspung, Thynroit, on the 2nd of this month at 1:30 pm. Fertilizers and pesticides worth T.34,990 tyngka were destroyed.
The meeting was enriched by performances and exhibitions of the cultures of these three states.
Laptops will also be awarded at the award ceremony.
Two Congress MLAs have joined the BJP today.
Police said the incident happened at 2 pm on Friday when the robbers set fire to the house.
These couples are farsighted people who want to improve education in their village.
Buyers from Sri Lanka, Dubai, Bangladesh, Oman, the Netherlands, Singapore and Greece participated along with buyers from the North East and other states.
He said that the approval of the DC to cut down these trees is wrong and it is like throwing in front of these Karbi.
Kerala Blasters defender Aiban Dohling could miss the remaining matches of the Indian Super League (ISL) 2023/24 after suffering a hamstring injury against Mumbai City FC. 2-1 goal on Tuesday.
Some of the rules for land owners are that the land must be clear of roads, the land must not be within the boundary of prohibited areas whether they belong to Wildlife or Forest or the military and You must not enter the National Park.
There was a need for farmers to raise cattle, pigs, cattle, fish and even goats.
The President of Narpuh Circle, Samla K.Suchiang, said that the KSU has already lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday. The KSU Narpuh Circle has also demanded the appointment of a team of scientists to investigate the blue color of the river and the death of fish.
The 12 best players will have the opportunity to represent the district at the 47th Meghalaya State 'A' FIDE Rating Chess Championship 2024 to be held at Tura, West Garo Hills from 12th to 15th July. this year.
Featured Image: Clker-Free-Vector-Images from Pixabay.
“ (2) “I'm Afraid That The Destruction Will Come From The Reconciliation” – Charles Marngar.
“We all know that most of the people living in Them Metor are illegal immigrants.
He said that in this age when people have forgotten about their mental and physical health, so too has the The practice of yoga is essential for the prevention of health problems in many ways.
Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills District, Bah BJ Laloo, while talking by phone, said that some areas in the area are in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam. The driver of the truck was released on the same day, while the truck is still being held by the Assam police until the documents of the vehicle are brought. that the situation at the scene went smoothly without any incidents.
Ladthadlaboh and Demthring won the football tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
The residents of 14 neighboring villages used to hold mass gatherings to repair the road.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said, “I welcome everyone to the conclusion of what will preserve the history of Meghalaya.
He said that without inviting the people's leaders because the elections are near, it might turn into politics.
One of the oldest villages in the Hima Mylliem is Laban on the slopes of Lum Shillong.
There are other villages which have taken a decision in the dorbar to increase the price set by the government in order to save the farmers who are suffering from the loss of too much.
Fear of things like fire can protect you and fear of failure can motivate you to improve so that you don't fail.
After a while, before he died, the lawyer said to Bah Shanbor, “Look, maybe the work is still there, I don't know if you have to come, I'll be ready.” “Yes, Sahep to, I will come to you.
They also urged the government to provide training to the people in the field of rubber plantation, Umsoh production and others for the development of the income of the people.
Furthermore, the Seng has also found that the damage to the PHC has been severe and during the rainy season almost all the rooms of the PHC staff have to wear shatri even under karma due to the flooding.
Jeffery Surong of Nongrim Hills SC was named Man of the Match by scoring two goals for the team. The next match will be between Rasong FC and Boca Juniors FC on the 30th of this month.
The tournament was attended by 24 boys and 11 girls. The tournament was inaugurated by Mylliem MLA Bah Hamlet Dohling who is also the first initiator of the tournament. in the 1998s.
This is the first time that Hamas militants have entered the area to open fire on those in the area, including tourists from many countries of the world. the world, such as America, England, Germany and other countries.
He that honoureth not the Son honoureth not the Father (God)" John 5:2
Police also recovered a bloody tyrnem from the house where the robber lived during the raid.
Even a king or priest who has resigned from the title of King or Priest or who has been removed from the office of King or Priest shall no longer have the right to bear the title of Priest/King.
The recipient, on the other hand, because he has a sense of trust and confidence in his consumers or recipients of the goods, so he recipients without doubt that they will pay back the recipient or recipient.
Furthermore, Dr. Langsiang conducted a practical on the students so that they could understand and get ideas to teach. others are school children.
I Am the chief-coordinator with my whole team are glad and thank full to your team.
However, it cannot say anything about the loss of tickets to others as it depends on the wisdom of the party.
After many youths joined the party as full members, the office bearers and members of the HSPDP Youth Wing Tynghor Primary Unit were elected and confirmed today. at a meeting held at Tynghor.
Commander Shangpliang said the HFU demands the forgiveness of the debt of the farmers and also the implementation of the MSP due to the price hike.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Umpling, recently took part in a meeting convened by the government, through the Chief Secretary of the State under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on how to prevent the cleanliness of the rivers.
The increasing efforts of the North East Frontier Railways to build a railway line in Ri Khasi have angered many churches because through the railway, it is clear that foreigners and foreign authorities can easily enter the state.
PHH rice will be 5 kilos per shikhlieh without payment.
"The legal notice sent by K Kharmawphlang, lawyer of Henry Lalremsanga, demands that Mukul Sangma should apologize without any conditions within nine days for the unfounded allegations against Lalremsanga. you're a drug kingpin.
The State Government in November 2018 has passed an Assembly Resolution to request the Government of India to make Khasi one of the Schedule Languages.
We need oxygen.
“This means that the arrest of those involved will start from three months to two years," he said.
The lack of access for children to school is one of the most terrible violence in this era and many children have to leave their brothers, to raise their brothers, to work to earn a living. in the home because of the many problems they face.
The opening time of the gate to Madanlyngkien Myntdu is from 6 pm and the closing time is from 8 pm.
Japan and Vietnam have qualified for the Women's World Cup to be held in Australia and New Zealand from the 20th of this month to the 20th of July.
A total of 11 schools have participated in the tournament.
The Lok Sabha today came to a standstill when an RLP MP, who belongs to the same party as the BJP, demanded an inquiry into whether the Corona virus has spread from Sonia's village. Gandhi, who is the leader of the Congress party, as most of the cases are from Italy.
This increase is due to the high number of part-time dropouts and the lack of support from home to educate their children.
“If the government gives us up to Rs 50 crore, we can release the remaining salaries of the employees,” Shiwat said.
In a sense, it can be understood that the tendency to be influenced by the British thought was very strong in the past because the people were still ruled by the British government.
On the other hand, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju, on Friday said that he will use Hindi in all his work and relations with the people, while Rajnath Singh , who is the Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India, has denied this statement, saying that the Government of India will strengthen all the different languages ​​in the country.
Stating that India is a country of different religions, the HYC said the Constitution of India protects each religion.
She requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare not to treat them unfairly and demand their rights and increase their salaries.
S. War, Chief Organizing Secretary, the union strongly opposes the government's plan to install smart meters through Satnam Global Infraproject.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Vice Chancellor, NEHU today at the NEHU Community Hall.
And he called his ten servants, and delivered them ten pounds, and said unto them, Occupy till I come.
The mother and brother agreed that Banisha would marry the young man.
Speaking on the devastating damage in Meghalaya and the current crisis, Padmanav Chakravarty, Executive Director – Manufacturing, DCBL said, “We extend our condolences to the people of Meghalaya who have been affected by the floods. cause of the recent floods and who have been affected by the severity of the damage, loss, and hardships they have to face.
The degree was awarded to Sangma by the Vice Chancellor of the University, Dr. Sibaram Khara, in the presence of Dr Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank, Minister of Education. government of India.
On the other hand, the KSU Laitumkhrah Unit has warned all foreigners working in Laitumkhrah Village that they are not allowed to do anything against the people especially to disrespect the people. KSU Laitumkhrah Unit will not allow such things to happen. 100 people have been killed in a bomb blast in the eastern part of the country. Afghanistan, with the intention of attacking Shiite Muslims.
He said the party urges the Governor and the Central Government to take action against this illegal act of the Prime Minister and the Congress.
The body of the mother was found tied with a plastic rope from her neck and the body was found on the ground.
The Minister of State for Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh said that road accidents are one of the highest in the country and in 10 years there are about 5 lakh accidents and 1.78 lakh deaths.
Shillong: The new Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not yet been formed and the names of the EMs have not been approved by the Governor.
Participants must register at the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong on 13th November, 2019 during office hours only.
However, the price in Langpih area has dropped to 900 tyngka per kilo if it is number 1 and number 2 the price has reached 900 to 500 tyngka per kilo. it kilo.
Ricky, who has been involved in various films and television programmes, for 27 years, wants to show that love and he offered his love by burning himself with fire.
I know that their blood pressure is fast to meet their beloved and trusted friend”. Ten of the resigned MLAs from the Congress-JD(S) have written to U Police Commissioner, Mumbai, said they were afraid for themselves and their lives, on Shivakumar's arrival in Mumbai and that he wanted to stay with them at the same hotel.
On the other hand, he said that the recognition of NEIGHRIMS as Post Graduate by the Medical Council of India (MCI) is based on the findings of their review.
CASTOR OIL AND ROSE WATER.“Ingredient: Castor oil and rose water.
Marak also demanded to take the matter to the higher authorities if the Director cannot stop the illegal appointment.
It is to be recalled that while the party was conducting a public awareness meeting on the impact of the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) and the demand for the immediate implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya, In 2020, Bangladeshis suddenly entered the area after the opening of the meeting of the party and bombed and tied the participants and members of the party who were still in the area.
On the 15th of July, “We will invite all the synroplang members of the MDA government, various political parties, civil society groups from various regions, major political groups such as religious leaders, it is a matter of understanding and sharing the truth.
He said that in 2017-19, the state has scored 542 points while this year it has increased to 649 points and this shows that there has been an improvement in education in the state. .
“Why is the life of the Khasi, of the Khasi people, so low? Of course, because in India, the STs are considered to be minorities and they can kill and shoot at will. Their killing of Bah Roning will not affect them at all. “If you have defeated others, we will defeat them,” said Bah Donald.
Please call 2222277 if you have any questions.
This task has now fallen on the shoulders of me Tarkot as Chairman of Law and Traditional Affairs, which we have just finalized before sending it to the Executive Committee.
More serious losses and damage will occur in the months and years to come.
He said that before he asks others to donate his right hand, he wants to show himself by donating a monthly salary.
Roshan Warjri said that four candidates have applied for the Congress ticket but the MPCC State Level Committee has selected Rocky Hek to contest from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency.
Bahilar is a skilled police chief who has been chasing these militants and for this reason they have been looking for a way to kill him.
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has been collecting more than T.40 lakh from the villages where it goes to collect garbage from every household in Jowai.
Because of these circumstances, Rakkam said, “That's why we have brought our own State University.
Regarding the NFR's complaint against the KHADC and KSU who have stopped the construction of the railway line, Lambokstarwell Marngar said, “In fact, it is we who have lodged a complaint against the NFR. “I don't have the authority to build the railway line without the permission of the KHADC because the land to build the railway line falls within the Scheduled Area, but the railway department has given me the authority to build the railway line”.
Looking at the records of these two teams, it can be seen that they are the teams that have never met in the tournament, and from the records it can be seen that they have met only twice in , and
He said there is no truth in the allegation by the Assam police and forest guard that the people came with weapons on the 22nd of this month.
In the past few months, many people from Tura have visited this river to cool off due to the extreme heat of the sun.
(3) Regarding the gateways and roads for the smuggling of goods such as sohniamtra, kwai tympew etc which are perishable goods, the Premier said that the Assam government is still writing to Delhi to establish a ERPLANE landing site at Shella to transport their goods across the country like Calcutta and others.
Police have registered a case under Section 302/34 IPC at Sohra PS and the investigation is ongoing.
Before the opening ceremony, a meeting was held at the venue, which was conducted by Samla Badonbok Malñgiang (Sports Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle). Samla Mac Iver Thabah (Vice President KSU Mawlai Circle) was also present.
The Road to UFC Season 2 of the UFC will now be held along with Episodes 1 & 2 of the UFC. today (Saturday) in Shanghai, China.
Although he was shot, Bantei said that since he returned from Guwahati, he drove the car himself until he reached Shillong.
Speaking to reporters , Witting Mawsor said that the meeting with the CS was to inform the state government of the problems faced by the candidates who have passed the DSC examination 2010 from all over West Khasi Hills has not been employed for three to four years.
Let us hope that we will have more such people for the benefit of future generations.
After this, due to old age and lack of health, she talked to the village authorities to open a school in 1968 to be run by those involved and this school now stands in the name of Annie Margaret Barr Higher Secondary School in this village.
He said the government will open the Marriott Hotel next month.
Speaking to Rupang, he said that the milk production methods of the cows depend on the breed of cows, some produce more and some produce less. at what time they will produce much and at what time they produce little.
In response to the reply, there are 656 and the amount collected is Rs.11,34,595/- including other necessary documents, replied the EM, A.Bhoi.
The MLA also urged those who have not yet received their permits not to hurry as their turn will soon come.
Furthermore, the party appeals to the Hindu community to come forward and reveal the truth and also to the NGOs to allow the government to investigate thoroughly on all these issues. and that the State Government should take strong action against such people who cause trouble in the State.
Finally, the way we want to show in this article is that our Khasi villages should set laws and regulations for their villages.
Until now, even now, if anyone calls on the name of the Lord Jesus, he will be saved.
Many such incidents have been reported in different parts of East Khasi Hills district in the past few months and the investigation is ongoing to arrest the suspects through the “Online.
The beneficiaries include Wanly Biam, Wanmon Langstang, Ridahun Suchiang, Santa Biam, Poimon Lamare, Nijan Rabon, Ribhamo Suchiang, Banrilin Shada and Wandakaru Dhar.
The program was conducted by the renowned researcher, Dr. Jane E. Warjri, and the Khmih Creative Society performed some patriotic songs.
The Anti Dacoity Camp at Rani Jirang was inaugurated by the Ri Bhoi Police, Sub Inspectors, Constables and CRPF. region.
During the prayer, the two men held the hand of Bah Ardent, but the woman who held his left hand while he was praying, gave up.
At the programme, Ms P Toi, Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women and DD Shira, Director of Social Welfare also launched a short film entitled 'Keiñ Noh! ' along with a report on the Exploratory Study on the Income and Welfare of Headmasters in the State.
Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Community College, Wahiajer under the jurisdiction of NEHU has been offering Skill Development and Bachelor Vocation (B.Voc) courses since its inception in The ABVP West Jaintia Hills Unit (ABVP West Jaintia Hills) has said that the employment opportunities for the children of the area are very low in Jaintia Hills.
Therefore, the UDP and the PDF have joined hands with the NPP to strengthen the MDA 2.0 government.
"Niakha Rida replied when she heard these words Niakha cried and cried herself" wow Pa why did you leave me where are you...you don't see me and my mother and Niakha here you don't talk seh mo iangi...!" She cried out. “Don't cry, Son, don't cry... I Niakha I'm here, don't worry.
Shillong: U MLA of the KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, today urged the residents of the village to take more care of their dogs by going to register them in the National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Here in Ri Khasi we have fresh water to drink through the gift of nature.
LK Sohtun President of Mawkasinag Sports Club & Social Welfare said that the Sports Club has a desire to focus on the U-15 boys and will hold many tournaments to provide even more opportunities for young children.
He said that this new initiative in relation to the introduction of traditional agriculture education at the Undergraduate Level is not planned by the ICAR to introduce this education at the Graduate Level so that the youth. read and understand the farming methods of the ancients.
There were tax collectors like Matthew, there were soldiers like Joshua, there were doctors like Luke, and so on.
However, due to the collision with Sunday, the elders of the area had to pay tribute on Saturday, by laying flowers at the memorial built by the Raidmynsaw Hima in front of Langpih Market. .
As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State and the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, statues of Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan N. Sangma were erected. Nangbah Indigenous Knowledge & Cultural Center-cum-Tribal Museum in Jowai.
The devil swatted her away when she was alone.
Meanwhile, HSPDP MLA from 34-Mawshynrut Constituency, Bah Witting Mawsor, said that the residents have complained that they don't get enough electricity because the electricity supply lasts only 2 to 3 hours a day. six months is very high.
“In fact, we are in the opposition, we didn't sit and we didn't sit on the bus in 2013-2018, we brought many issues in the House and in 2018, we expect to increase even more. “The UDP has dropped to 6, the HSPDP has dropped to 2 out of 4,” he said. “What is the allegation that if you are in the bus stop, it is useless to support those parties? ?.
The Seng also sends its condolences to the families of those policemen who lost their lives in the shooting and the Seng also offers a special prayer for them. They are not able to reach the door of God.
This was announced by RDA Chairman and UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
In the L, Ladthadlaboh FC will face Mukhla FC at 2.00 pm.
The Bapli residents who earn their living from shops and cars cannot refuse to pay this tika even if they don't have the will to pay just because they can fill their households.
It is learned that the village used to give only sha to them when they finished their work, but the sha was also donated by the residents of Mawtharia.
“After about 34 days of about 200 people coming to my house every day and counting the total number of visitors is not less than 7,000, I have taken a decision on this,” he said.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
When asked how many suggestions the KHADC has received and accepted after it announced its intention to amend the bill, Bah Bindo said that those who came forward to The Seng Khasi Kmie, the Kharshiing Kur, the HYC Sohiong and the New Rympei Syngkhong have expressed their views on the bill.
“Ka Seng strongly states that in the past decades, Shillong has been destroyed by greed and selfishness and traders, private individuals do whatever they want when building houses and others. They don't obey the laws and regulations and violate them.
There are 110 students and about 8 teachers.
On the other hand, the union today sent a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, but he refused to meet with them. to address the issue and the problems faced by the people in the area.
“At the meeting with the Minister of Home Affairs on 24th November, we decided to discuss, by mutual agreement and all the Chief Ministers, have agreed to this.
The 5th Interdong League was inaugurated by Ex-MLA 7 Amlarem Stephanson Mukhim who was the chief guest in the presence of War Central MDC Holando Lamin and Advocate Genl.
The BJP has won 114 constituencies, the Congress 107 constituencies and the BSP 5 constituencies.
About 200 people have been killed since the ethnic conflict broke out between the Meiteis and the Kukis and about 60,000 people have been displaced from their homes.
“We are reviewing this issue every month and to ensure that the number of injections should increase,” he said.
The CEM said that the inspection today was to ensure that the Khasi Health Center will be completed within this year.
Shillong, June 03: NNP MLA James K Sangma has raised a complaint with the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju regarding the unfounded extension of the Congress government in Meghalaya for the term of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council. (GHADC) and demanded that the central government should intervene to hold the elections.
I would like to remind you that I have written since October 2020, in the Khasi newspapers, that once every 100 years these diseases started in 1720 in France, in 1820 in Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines and in 1920 in Spain.
However, according to the signs that the Central Government has shown, it wants to preserve the customs, traditions, language and identity, according to the places, there is hope that one day it will be achieved. .
In the past few days during the election campaign, the roads in Upper Shillong have witnessed a shortage of traffic.
Jowai will be the luckiest city in the country to have a road worth T.78 lakh per kilometer as the MDA Government has decided to resurface it at a cost of T.26 crore. section 33 miles.
According to the rules of the Special Protection Group, Jashodaben, 62, will receive the same protection as her husband.
Metbah said that the allocation for the House is T.127.76/- crore, but it is clear that it cannot be completed within T.141/- crore on a large area. about 80 acres.
The BSF chief said the drone was shot down at Kakkar village in Amritsar district.
According to the source, Goswami may join the BJP in the coming days.
They urged the police to ban the movement of cross-border vehicles through the Rymphum Bridge as it has become a snowstorm which poses a threat to the movement of vehicles and people.
Speaking at the meeting, Zenith said that special praise should be given to the Congress Women leader who are hardworking. He also won the election thanks to the hard work of the Congress women and in his speech he compared the work of the Congress Youth and the Mahila women. ei the money.
That is why we intend to allocate this donation for them,” said Bah Pala.
The victim was identified as Roning Nongkynrih from Jalynteng village in Raid Nongkynrih district.
“I have confidence that as a team we will forget what has gone and turn forward for this next game and play well for the full 3 points and strive to reduce or close in points to the clubs in the Top 4 in the points table,” said Bah Bobby.
The good news is that Kamphereiei despite the poverty of his family after the ban on coal mining in the State has not prevented him from reaching this level.
