Shillong: The peace talks between the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) and the Central Government have progressed smoothly, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said.
The UDP intends to nominate candidates in all the 29 constituencies of the KHADC. Bah AF Dkhar said the party will soon release the candidates for the remaining 17 constituencies. He said that the delay in announcing the ticket is due to the fact that there have been constituencies where there has been a strong ticket fight while he admitted that the party will take its decision according to the rules of consensus.
In the Under-17, Dongmihsngi will play against 7 Wasa at 1:30 pm and Mynthong will play against Sohmynting at 3 pm.
Four members of the Union including two Vice Presidents of the Union, Francis Wanniang, JJ Lyngkhoi, Shrenlinus Khriam and John Elvis Khongsngi were also elected to temporarily oversee the Unit of the Union. East Khasi Hills District Unit while the new election of the office bearers of the Unit has not yet been held.
Biden also said that nothing that happens inside Russia will happen without the knowledge of Russian President Vladimir Putin.
He said the meeting also discussed the Service Rule which does not exist yet for teachers and JACATAM has demanded that it should be introduced.
Another news brought by Loomkyrwiang is about the dominance of mobile in the world.
Children are the future of society and if they lose their childhood quickly and carry the burden of adulthood untimely it will cause problems to society.
One of the players of Young Langsning, Winningstar Khongjoh scored 84 runs from 55 balls while Gavin Nongkynrih scored 34 runs from 38 balls.
Nongstoiñ, July 11: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) Nongstoin today visited the office of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HYM) under the leadership of Bah Kmendar Tympuiñ. of the Nongstoin DTO.
They can also extend the term of office of the government as they wish.
In the second match, Lumparing beat Madanrting FC 8-0
Two of these British Areas are (i) the Shillong British Portion and (ii) the Jowai Sub-Division.
'But even though she enjoyed these things, her soul had a longing for spiritual life.
There are two coal mining factories near this village, but these factories have not followed the rules of environmental protection and human health, said the women of Nongrim Hill.
Other speakers included Rtn.
The Seng also expresses its strong condemnation of the injury to the Sordar of Umwai by the khar poiei and expects the law enforcement authorities to punish the robbers involved in this incident.
According to the shopkeepers, these shopkeepers are from the Shillong Cantonment Board, where they have destroyed more than 10 shops selling jhur in this area, but the surprising thing is that the shops selling There are many shops in this area, but people have come to destroy only a few shops upstairs before reaching Rhino.
The death of a child from Covid-19 in the state has risen to two after the death of Dr John L sailo Ryntathiang. on June 15, 2020.
Furthermore, another issue is the overcrowding of teachers in primary classes where 2,922 teachers are found to be more than required.
Polling resumed at the venue by 1 pm.
However, perhaps they do not understand that they will fall into the trap of the law and will be severely punished.
These are the great Matti of Prestone, but the Tasngeng fools still elect and allow him again, isn't this because of the money laundering of the voters???? “Every five years, every five years” are indeed those who have lost their conscience, and they don't have any feelings anymore.
It has been seen that there have also emerged candidates or parties of people who are not the rich and who are willing to go to the people in a way that speaks out against the use of money during elections.
Reporters on Saturday morning went up and down the market to talk to the shopkeepers and ask them how the market is doing, but it was seen that all of them were shocked and showed a sad face. They said that not only did they lose their market but now they have to carry money because they don't have the money to open shops at the festival.
The house belongs to the former Waheh Shnong of Rymbai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Police today arrested two members of the GNLA. Chekan Marak, Area Commander of the party, also known as Bawang, 35, while another was identified as Ronseng Sangma.
The house has been declared a micro containment area to prevent the spread of the disease and to enable the health personnel to carry out the requirements including Contact Tracing and others.
Amanda said that at 9 pm on the 14th, she received the news that her sister had passed away. He himself went to Mawlai Nongpdeng where his wife had committed suicide.
The special purpose of the tournament is to use it as a platform to select talented players to represent Meghalaya at the national level.
Kim doesn't know the true needs of the State.
The land of glory and honor, Which has been known since ancient times; Once again, let us bring back the glory that has been lost.
The Supreme Court on the 15th of this month has issued an order ban ban the transportation of coal from the coal mines. kind of coal.
Five years of Congress rule have not been completed.
Nongpoh, Nailar 22 : The Lyntijam Welfare Development Association (LWDA) has decided to hold the Sunfeast Cup 2022 for the 2022 football tournament. There are different sports teams for men and women as it has been held in Ri Bhoi.
Regarding this incident, the farmers expressed their deep sorrow that they have lost their rice which they have cultivated hard all year round but they lose it at the time of harvesting.
Amos, who won the silver medal at the 2012 Olympics in London, was the first to bring the medal to his country.
The inauguration ceremony was held at Jatah Nonglyer.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has elected 16 members to the Executive Committee. Lingyes Dkhar, Langmon Bareh, Kedius Rymbai, Mit Dkhar, Satly Ryngkhlem, Womboi Lamurong and Namphrang Talang.
“These four persons are not illegals but members of the community who have come out to demand the right of employment for the youth in the state,” he said.
To mark the first anniversary of the Umroi Nongsder, Ribhoi District, a short meeting was held in the presence of one of the senior officers. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Peter SDkhar was the chief guest in the presence of Director of Social Welfare, CD Lyngwa, Chief Medical Officer of AMD DAE. Union Government Dr. Biplab Chatterjee, the management of the house and others who were invited on the occasion.
“We feel that we have become intelligent but we are stupid to follow the rules of driving because we have not been trained about the rules of driving.
However, Bah Deimonmi denied the allegation of the Karbi, and said it was just a scientific trick.
Bridget Warshong, Deputy Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, was the Special Guest on the occasion.
Only a few MDCs including Congress, UDP and PDF attended. Some members wanted to hold the MDC election on 27th June and some wanted to extend the contest period.
The President explained that the thinking of the Committee when selecting a candidate is to select a person who has principle, wisdom and “If you don't have a goal to win, but you don't have these two things, it's useless because MDCs who don't have a foundation within five years have turned into five parties”.
Therefore, this order was issued to allow the opening of the market on Saturday and Sunday.
The use of this term in such cases is because these days it has been found that the politics used by the people in the election of leaders (MLA/MDC/MP) and the formation of government for the sake of peace the kingdom is corrupt, and there is no righteousness; Therefore, when such incidents happen in the village, in the church, there are accusations that they are doing politics.
This success in marketing sohniamtra has also been one of the achievements of achieving the goal of increasing the production of agricultural products from this region to reach the world markets to increase income. and sustainable agricultural practice in this State.
Barala, who is an advisor to the Lok Sabha Election Management Committee in Haryana, said the BJP's election campaign went smoothly.
On the next row, the portraits of Radhon Singh Lyngdoh, Martin N Majaw, P Ripple Kyndiah and Peter G Marbaniang were displayed.
In fact, the District Council is the protector of the land, but its powers have been weakened over the years, the report said.
The Seiñraij Shnong Tuber Kmai Shnong has honored those who passed well in various examinations and also two doctors on Saturday at the end of the Shad Sukra of Tuber Kmai Shnong.
The protest was held to protest against the MOU signed on the border between Assam and Meghalaya. The protest was also attended by village leaders and residents of Assam and Meghalaya. These places don't have to be judged.
As soon as he had finished, he took the pla and left the house immediately.
This poses a serious challenge to managing sports tournaments.
The bridge will now benefit the farmers from three villages namely Mawkyrdang, Riangmang and Mawsmai where they will be able to transport their produce without having to clean the river.
She also expressed the need to promote the rights of children as enshrined in the Constitution and policies of the government for the protection of their rights.
The new Act has been translated into Hindi.
Conrad also expressed his gratitude to the Prime Minister and the Central Government for introducing various initiatives, policies and development projects specifically for the North East.
Lapang said the area has a population of more than 2000 people and Mawdem is the first Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi district since 1868 which has been in existence for 151 years. , but the road remains the same and many educated people have left the village.
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, IAS has announced that fetes and raffle draws have been allowed to be held in the district.
"I pray to God for those who have lost their lives and I pray for those who have been injured in this tragic incident," the Pope said.
Shillong, July 21: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
The meeting was attended by MPCC President Vincent Pala, Congress Leader Jairam Ramesh, MLAs, MDCs, Congress office bearers and others.
Expressing his anger against the VC, Prof. Kma said that the VC is irresponsible, full of selfishness and is also the most unnecessary VC in history. When asked, the President of NEHUTA said that if the strike does not succeed, the union will intensify the strike and demand the immediate dismissal of Prof. Shukla. The union also invites the support and participation of like-minded organizations like MCTA, NEHUSU and NEHUNSA and others who are concerned about the condition of the university. the State.
Wailadmi recalled that even the former Chief Minister Mukul Sangma had spoken in the House regarding the garbage in Jowai which could affect him in the elections. .
(next issue, read the answers to the questions)
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell in a statement released today expressed its deep sorrow over the lack of confidence in the request of the Chief Minister to meet with the Chief Minister. They have already requested a date to meet with him since 19th June, 2015 and the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the issue of education in the state, but the The statement said that the party has no other option but to express these issues to the government except through the media.
The actions of these bloodthirsty people have shocked the country and the people especially the residents of this area who used to have no fear but in these few months there have been such people who have died of knowledge. Damian S War, Head of Namdong Village Council.
In this regard, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has invited all the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to attend the Dorbar Bah on this day and urged all the Dorbars in Khasi Jaintia Hills to attend in order on this day. concluded Mr. RL Blah.
In Ichamati, the curfew has been extended from 8 pm to 2 pm and after that it will resume until further notice.
The cooperation of all of us from the students, parents and leaders will fulfill the original idea of ​​celebrating this day according to the wish of Dr.Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan.
Understand and justify this one, how in Western countries such as Italy and the USA, countries where the standard of living of the people has become very high. ) nadong shadong ruh but in this disease they are defeated, without being able to fight against anything, because that cure or antivirus has not yet been found and will be found, but how long? Unlike India, where people are still good at cleaning and hygiene (ie, cleaning from one place to another) in their lives, who do not know how to respect the rules of health. or, that they have never been able to clean public places (still in and habit concerning public sanitation), this Coronavirus will not spread. people like a fire that burns the slums or like a rakot that is still strong and strong enough to eat people.
Let us try to take better care of the environment by not throwing plastic, bottles, garbage so that the environment will continue to flourish and attract more tourists which will benefit us. hi that own state.
That's why they always say don't be quick to decide if you're going to be sdieh.
Shillong, November 2: After the vacancy of seven MDC seats in the District Council, one in JHADC and six in KHADC, HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of District Council Affairs, today said that the elections will be held in He said that the mid-term elections in the seven MDC constituencies will soon be held at the Cabinet meeting.
The NPP chief said they have been informed that even Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah will attend the swearing-in ceremony. .
The top three players in the tournament were HD Sutnga, Benedict B. Shaving and Bobby Lyngdoh.
The ADE also demanded that the police should be punished for violating the law by destroying the party office and demanded compensation for the destruction of the party office.
Jesus is the one sent by God from heaven.
On these grounds, the UDP Youth Wing proposes to the government to suspend the implementation of this project and urges the people to stand together against this project. “It's a good idea to have a small community in the future,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling, Vice President, UDPState Youth Wing.
From Mairang, MLA Metbah Lyngdoh and from Mawthadraishan, Brolding H Nongsiej.
“This meeting is very important and I am pleased that the Speaker of the Lok Sabha has taken the responsibility to lead his meeting in Shillong and this shows that the Central Government has a responsibility to develop the North East. (North East) as a whole,” he said.
On the other hand, the HNLC leaders put forward this demand before the negotiating table which was attended by Ksiang on behalf of the government, Bah Peter S Dkhar, Advisor to the MHA in charge of the North East. AK Mishra in the first meeting on 24th July
The gap between the poor and the rich is widening.
Ringrang TG Momin, Superintendent of Police (City) Shillong, has been transferred as Superintendent of Police, Tura.
A mother has lodged a complaint against a man identified as Emlang Laloo for allegedly raping her 9-year-old daughter in two incidents in 2023 under the and they shall dwell in his house as strangers.
Despite the sirens and emergency lights, the people in the area did not allow the ambulance to reach the hospital, which delayed the treatment of the poor woman.
Ladmukhla LP & UP School has held its Annual School Week from the 5th to the 12th of this month.
In this regard, as a leader of the people, I urge the JMB to respect the health of the people and the environment and to act according to the technology of today to avoid the spread of the disease. public health and protection of the environment.
It is a name that I have earned through hard work and success in my life,” said Marak, sharing her experience in shaping her life from a remote area.
Therefore, morality is sufficient if it is sincere, but if morality is hypocritical and hidden in a corrupt heart, it cannot bring good to society.
Here are some of the unimaginable benefits you get from going to bed early.
The Officer in-Charge of Mawlai Police Station, Bah B.Shabong, urged the school children and youth to be determined to say 'em' to this type of alcoholic beverage. who causes division not only in the families but also in the society.
The former CEM of KHADC said that the Dy.CEM should focus on issues that benefit the people, not to create issues on his order to the EC to do home work.
The delegation was led by Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Finance Secretary KSU EJHD Unit, Shwari Ryngkhlem and Senmon Siangshai.
KHNAM has expressed its happiness and welcome to the visit of the MDC of Laitkroh.
The Word of God says that the 7th king (Adolf Hitler) will be the 8th king. u sha the pung of the fire.
As a poor child, she was praised in the knowledge by all her neighbors and family members.
He said the central government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi is committed to the development of the North East.
According to Kong Shabong, the incident occurred after some of the employees of the Civil Hospital turned up at the slip counter without standing in line. drug takers stood in line.
They can also be used as a soil fertilizer to remove weeds and to cover the soil at the foot of plants such as riewhadem or rice.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sawkmie said, “During this visit, the Parliamentary Standing Committee on Railways (PSCR) has met with the state government officials and they have learned the reason for the delay. The railway from Tetelia to Byrnihat is 21.50 km long, 19.25 km in Assam and only 2.25 km in Meghalaya. Bhalang even the residents and even the community leaders understand the need for this railway line and if the central government grants the ILP we are ready to agree to build this railway line because it has a stieh to protect the nation from being oppressed by other nations.
Encouraging and advising the teachers, the former Indian footballer said that the teachers should be able to judge according to the abilities of the students.
The letter of allocation of funds was submitted to the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts where the funds were released on 29th October, 2022 and a copy was also sent to the District Medical and Health Officers for information.
“In this area, we have witnessed various incidents, theft and robbery and this area has become a haven for drug addicts and it has encouraged even the drug addicts. The villagers who used to pass by and those who live nearby,” said the Seng.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has set a target of making India a powerful country like the USA, Japan, UK and China by in the list of rich and developed countries as well as in the West.
Multiple schemes allocated for rural areas are facing major roadblocks.
J.Pyrtuh, PA Dolloi of Amwi-Sohmynting Elaka, who conducted the meeting, expressed his gratitude to the scientists of CAU-CPGS, who brought the CAU R1 seed to the farmers of the area.
Education has reached the top 1% of the rich in India.
This was alleged by the CEM of JHADC in his speech at the Dorbar Lyiur held on 22nd November 2021, where he expressed his anger that some people in the border area are not armed.
Meanwhile, the railway authorities said that no one was seriously injured in the incident but only minor injuries.
This young woman and other women were created in the image of God and deserve to be honored and live a fulfilling life.
Therefore, all political parties have been directed to refrain from using children during their election campaign and if found guilty, they will be punished according to the rules of law,” said the statement. The top 10 political parties that have received letters from the DEO are the National People's Party (NPP), Voice of the People Party (VPP), Indian National Congress (INC), Hill State People Democratic Party (HSPDP), People's Democratic Front (PDF), United Democratic Party (UDP), All India Trinamool Congress (AITC), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM).
The government has also announced that the date for submission of tenders by contractors and companies for the construction of this road is on 2nd July
He said the Deputy High Commission in Guwahati is scheduled to be opened next year while the one in Agartala will be completed by November this year.
The photo was taken on Friday in Chandigarh.
Despite the differences, there is a cultural unity in the lifestyle and in the various types of dances which also shows our cultural richness,” said Dr. Amparen.
Therein lies the great honor which honors and preserves the names of the selfless men of their nation who receive praise and glory forever and ever.
“We will not rest until our demand is met, he should be removed immediately, we strongly condemn this as a statement against the media which is the fourth pillar of democracy,” said the Congress spokesperson. Khushboo while speaking to reporters today.
Tynsong said that this money will be paid now in this financial year, so that the newspapers will not suffer especially as many of these advertisement bills have been suspended. years in various government departments and amounted to crores of rupees.
The kit included equipment and supplies for those working in this field worth about 10,000 tyngka.
The new cases include EGH: 2, EJH: 1, EKH: 25, RBD: 2, SGH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
When asked about Block-I and Block-II, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there is no question of dispute or difference of opinion but it is a matter of retransfer to the Block. -I and Block-II. “You have to understand one thing that if you talk about Block-I and II, it is a matter of returning.
This month, the Manipur government has handed over to the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to investigate the murder of the son of a former minister.
He takes water from the skaw (longtang) and pours it on the head of the cow as a cleanser.
On this occasion, Dr Mukul said that the previous government had done its job but the central government had not listened.
The rescue team has gone to rescue the passengers who were sitting inside the bus and could not get out of the bus due to the injuries they sustained from the collision. in parts and equipment inside the bus.
“Behold, I make all things new.
Shahid Kapoor and Kiara Advani have grossed Rs 200 crore.
I would also like to thank Nalin Kohli, Ram Madhav, Ram Lal, Ajay Jamwal and Jagdamba for their training, guidance and support during their time in the party.
The 22nd KJP Western Synod Service in 2024 will be held at the Laitryngew Presbyterian Church.
“In fact, we should ask why Meghalaya has not been able to produce a single indigenous person in the UPSC examination to take the high position of officer but we are talking only about the post of peon. ," he added.
It is understood that no charges have been laid against him, but it is believed that it is a cyber crime, which the police will have to investigate and impose charges against him, if they find that he has committed cyber crime. it's your mobile phone.
As it happened, the fruit of the struggle was destruction, especially for the farmer, the day laborer.
The rally was held at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
He said that personally in politics there are no enemies, but there are opponents.
Rihokmika Sumer and Asst.General Secretary Miss.
By saying this, you have underestimated the hard work of the political parties, civil society, various groups in this region when they themselves did not go even once to Delhi to oppose this CAB. The Congress MPs are also against this Bill.
The union is saddened to hear that even in this age there are still many families who cannot afford to support their children in school because of poverty and the union is willing to continue to provide assistance especially from the for those children who honestly really need help.
However, we are sorry that their lives were lost because they are brothers and sisters of the Lord God.
He urged the filmmakers to make beautiful films so that the audience when they buy tickets will be happy because they have spent their time.
Our hope of holding power has been expressed by five (5) MLAs from the House.
The opposition to the removal of Laitkroh constituency is that it falls under the Sohra Assembly constituency and is surrounded by Pynursla, Mylliem, Nongkrem and Mawkynrew.
Nongstoin: Supporters of various political parties including the Congress, PDF and HSPDP on Tuesday joined the National People's Party (NPP) at a meeting held in Yangon. in Upper New Nongstoin.
Many of the people rely on doctors and those who do not provide medicine.
Have your mind; in your purposes.
On arrival at NEIGRIHMS, Bah Alfred said that the child escaped from the danger after cutting off her hands.
Bring back the money stolen by the thieves, which is now in a Swiss bank and it will be more valuable than 10,000 tonnes of gold,” Modi said at a meeting of BJP workers in New Delhi.
The disease was first detected in China's Wuhan city in November
He said that this is due to the stingy attitude of the SDO of MeCEL Pynursla regarding the power outage at Umkor Pynursla.
:The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship to be held at SAI, NEHU from 25th November to 1st November
They were arrested from a call center in Vijay Nagar on Tuesday.
Referring to the need for cooperation between the coal miners and coal owners, Mukul called on the MLAs to work together to fight against the NGT ban. “There are necessary requirements to overcome the NGT ban and implement the policy,” he said.
CO Rangad, Senior Vice President of the Meghalaya State Badminton Association and also the Chairman of the East Khasi Hills District Badminton Association, concluded the tournament as the chief guest. P. Laloo, Vice President of MSBA, R. Kamal Secretary, MSBA, President and members of EKHDBA. , Iewmawlong Unit, on Saturday, honored two youngsters, Edilbert I Ryndongsngi, who won the title of the 1st North East Strong Man Championship 2019 held in Shillong and Jotina Klein, who won the North East BJJ Championship in Mizoram and the Open No Gi BJJ Championship 2019 in Shillong.
He said that this is the first time that the Khasi have been evicted from this area, although from time to time they have been threatened that it is the land of the Forest Department.
Pottery was always a women-only craft that was inherited from their mothers and grandmothers.
Therefore, the fight on that day will be tough and unpredictable.
Tura, July 20 : The Government of Meghalaya will allocate funds to promote sports activities in the state by improving all sports facilities and strengthening training centers for youth in sports.
Furthermore, from the time of birth to the age of 10 years is the most important part of health care and is nurturing.
The race will start at 6:30 pm from JN Stadium (Gate 1), Polo Ground, Shillong to Polo Bazar. Don Bosco Square -Laitumkhrah Police Point – Laitumkhrah Police Beat House – Fire Brigade – St.Edmund's School – Dhankheti – Malki Point – Barik Point – Civil Hospital -State Central Library – Meghalaya Secretariat – DC Office -Governor House -sha Wards Lake – CM Bungalow – Polo Tower – Polo Bazar and will end at JN Stadium.
The president of the Seng Ssmla Shnong together with the residents of the village launched the jubilee flag as a sign of the end of the celebration. jubilili silver young village.
The tournament is part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations of the WJDSA.
To become an MLA means to read all the laws carefully so as not to be misled by the government.
There are also places where the army chief has visited to take part in the operations in the North East, Uttarakhand, Siachen, Western Desert and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Speaking to reporters, the President of St. Michael's Higher Secondary School, Umsning, Bah Nicky Kharthangmaw said that as a former student of this school, I am very happy to be a student of this school. The school has celebrated its 60th anniversary and as the leaders or former students of the school, we cannot fail to thank the school for its contribution to the development of education in the Umsning area and in Ri Bhoi as a whole. .
Wandonbok said that as taxi drivers, they will not respect the order of the Deputy Commissioner. He added that taxi drivers will continue to earn as usual in the coming days. If there is any problem, the DC will have to take responsibility.
Many people have expressed in their books and articles from time to time regarding the cause of the weakness of the family according to their findings and experiences when they look at the nature of the family. country and nation.
Leaders of the KSU in Ri Bhoi District, Ferdynald Kharkamni as President, Lambok Rymbai as Vice President, James Hitler Mawphniang as General Secretary, Steven Kharkrang as Asst.General Secretary, Lester Nongbet as Organizing Secretary, Banjoplang Maring as Education Secretary, Richardroy Lyngdoh Nonglait as Publicity Secretary, John Lyngdoh as Office Secretary and Johny Nongrum as Sports Secretary and others.
The SC has allowed the mining to be spent first, but now this smuggling is illegal and the government has allowed the smuggling of this mineral,” he said. Dr Mukul said that this is not part of the SC's approval to transport coal.
The parties have their own elections and elect from among themselves whom to appoint as President or Secretary and other office bearers.
At its Cabinet meeting held on 9th June 2024, it decided to approve the amendment to the Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2021, in order to strengthen economic development in the state.
The winners of the competition will be awarded medals and certificates, and the prize money for the Open Category, Men and Women is: 1 st –50,0 /-; 2nd – 30,000/- and 3rd – 20,000/-.
Kardu was also a member of the Akhil Bharat Vidhyalay Parishad (1964 – 1969), president of the Arunachal Pradesh Youth Congress Committee (1976 – 1985), chairman of the North East Youth Coordination Committee (1976 – 1985), and general secretary of the AICC (1989-94).
The PHE water from Khlieh Iew has been distributed to many villages in Shillong like Mawkhar, Laban, Jaiaw and other villages in Shillong.
He congratulated the North East Small Finance Bank for coming forward to support the Shooting Association of Meghalaya for the purchase of expensive rifles along with accessories and urged them to continue to support the Shooting Association of Meghalaya. support because it is clear that this game has a lot of potential in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in a statement, Bah F Kharmawphlang, Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), has alleged that the incident ha Umsawli, is a robbery of the state and the act of barbarism, which is more than the act of terrorists.
For the first time, the Meghalaya Lawn Bowling Association (MLA) has taken part in the 8th Senior and 4th Under 25 Lawn Bowls National Championship 2023 organized by the BFI. from November 21 to 30, 2023.
One of them was identified as Raina Begum of Mahendraganj and the other was identified as Depak Dutta of Circuit House in Kench's Trace.
It is learned that when she arrived in Barpeta, she was forced to wear a sari because all the women who live in this area have to wear sari.
“Out of the 45 persons arrested, 43 persons were involved in the theft of questionnaires,” said Mahanta.
“I'm surprised at your question, mother,” said the father.
The Election Commission should take this as drinking a bullet for their own benefit,” said the court, headed by Justice DY Chandrachud.
"“Yes, it's been a long time since I've been here.
They alleged that on 4th June, 2013, Dr DD Tariang had issued an order from the office to increase the salary of the Medical Superintendent of Dr HGR Hospital to T.65,000 from 1st June,
There is also public awareness of the value of freedom and the meanings of the different colors of the flag of India at every Independent Day celebration.
It is called so because it produces up to three or four grapes in a row.
Besides, M.Marwein, who is also one of the women who sell in the market, said that the people especially those who come to the market do not follow the rules of the health department especially in the market Mawlong. , Stand Jeep and Laitumkhrah Market, it can be seen that the people are turning to the shops without respecting the social distancing.
There was also an awarding ceremony for the cast of the film 'Iewduh' followed by the screening of the short film 'Path' by Bah Pradip Kurbah.
He asked the people, “Why are you worried?” The people said, “We are afraid of the devil.
This market is specially designed for street vendors who have been staying for months.
Speaking on the violence between the police, Babu Birbor said that in fact the teachers came by the right path but it was the police who started the trouble by shooting bombs until they were killed. teachers have to run away.
Bengaluru FC star Sivasakthi Narayanan has been nominated for the Young Player of the Year award.
The Ramkrishna Mission Sohra has distributed food items to the residents of Sohphoh, West Jaintia Hills District on the 19th of this month.
It is also said, “For the Lord himself will bless you.
“The central theme of the procession is to show the unity of the country and respect for the culture and traditions of the different ethnic groups in India and this is the issue that we are taking the lead in. to organize this procession," he said.
The Forum also urges everyone to continue in prayers for the Government and all its institutions amidst this time of crisis and struggle, and wishes everyone a Happy Easter.
When asked how he feels about the torture of people on the charges of menaiksuid, Father Sngi said that it is wrong to suspect a person just because he is a criminal. tell the sick that it is not true.
In the heart of the old city, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, the minaret of the mosque collapsed in Jemaa al-Fna Square.
A world of peace, compassion, rule, and justice.
On the second day of the month, PRIME's Chief Minister Startup and Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Conference was held on 15th November. Sustainability Conference to understand the laws, rules and regulations of CSR. Furthermore, this will help the people involved in self-employment to to comply with the objectives and regulations of the State.
On the part of the Modi Government, he expressed his condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the bloodshed in Manipur.
A child with rheumatism has a swollen throat and throat, has swelling of the eyes, no tears, the skin is tan and the hands and feet are swollen.
Religious groups, intellectual groups, strong groups are throwing shalyngmat, this is what is coming lynshop.
It is learned that on the 13th of this month, Babu Ram and his follower, Amrik Singh, parked their truck near a petrol pump in Mukha Umsuwe at 12:30 pm. Three persons came and robbed the driver with weapons and a knife.
The names of the workers have been identified and released to all their next of kin.
Speaking to media after the confirmation ceremony, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang, who has been re-elected as the President of the party, congratulated the members of the party who have once again endorsed him as the President of the party. leader, and promised to provide better service for the party and the nation as a whole.
When you see the poor, the orphans, the sick, the blind, the lame, the oppressed, the homeless, the hungry, the stranger....
Marak said the state government has written to the central government to allocate funds for the payment of the NEEPCO loan. The loan is only a loan from the State Bank of India.
When he finished his studies he returned to his country and became one of the 'greats of the nation.
The Sumo is fortunate to have a child.
It is for this reason that each of us should understand that tourists come to spend money and not to steal.
He said that the Dorbar Shnongs in many villages in Mawlai have not explained why they have not given permission to install the pipes.
The main purpose of this is that the Government wants to open up opportunities for small farmers especially farmers to get adequate funds to develop agriculture.
In this regard, Summersalt has left for Mumbai to complete the production of the album.
The WJDSA reported that the closure is open from the 21st and will last until the 28th of November.
Yogendra Singh scored 24 runs from 20 balls and Babul Doley scored 19 runs from 14 balls.
To confirm this, we spoke to Bah Active Pator, Sordar of Belahari Village, who said that the threat of the people, in order to accept the Assam's development scheme is true.
When the EMs of KHADC learned of this fact, they understood that the area still falls within the border of Meghalaya and therefore on the issue of crossing the border with Assam, they decided to They will inform the state government to argue with Assam to declare that the area still falls within the border of Meghalaya.
It is up to those who call for their opinions or advocates to the Boundary Commission to express their views but they should have and support the rights of those who cannot be accepted by the Act, not just to make public.
Thus, in this Temple of the body, dwells the inner man who is the spirit and this spirit is from God.
King Ahasuerus was also known as “Shahanshah” which means “Emperor” or king which means king of kings.
The meeting also decided that the Rangbah Kur should direct the Executive Committee to send one woman from each Executive Committee to lead the Executive Committee. for the women within the tribe.
A 16-year-old girl has alleged that Asaram Bapu raped her on the night of 15 and 16 July 2013 at an ashram in Jodhpur.
He also informed that the residents under the jurisdiction of these Police Stations will not have to go to Ladrymbai Out-Post for their needs.
The Special Session is the best place to approve the ILP to show that everyone really supports the ILP or it is just a threat to the people of the state, he added.
The four candidates are HS Shylla from Nongkrem, Donkupar Sumer from Umsning, Rona Khymdeit from Nongpoh and Arbinus Lyngdoh from Umroi.
KSU Narpuh Circle has immediately demanded from the NHAI and GRIL to release the water that has stagnated on the highway at Lumshnong which is only 100 meters away from Lumshnong PS. The road has been flooded after heavy rainfall.
The DTO office has been directed to monitor those who violate these rules and the drivers have been directed to report the violators to the nearest police station. He also said that those who violate the covid rules will face severe punishment.
Referring to the needs of the village, he encouraged by saying that he will try to talk to the government authorities to look after the needs of the people in the village.
Tomorrow, the chairman will distribute to Deinshalu and Lumskhen.
While deciding, according to the Prime Minister, they will believe only in providing for their own income.
Hyderabad: Tirumala Tirupati Devastanam (TTD) has withdrawn Rs 1,300 crore from Yes Bank.
The President of KAS Shillong, Dr. DRL Nonglait, said that when we think about the visit of Thomas Jones to Khasi Hills by human intelligence, it can be said that he came only as a missionary of the Christian Church. which also received some assistance from the British Government to establish schools and also to introduce the English mindset to the Khasi.
During the inspection, the teams visited the In-Situ Nala constructed by the JMB, as well as the banks of the Wah Myntdu.
Through her leadership, Sayoo now has 100 SHGs, which she has worked with for the production of shynrai and has exported shynrai across the North East as well as to Kerala and Karnataka.
Regarding the inspection, RBYF President Vigian Kharkongor and FKJGP Byrnihat President Ricky Chyne said that as party leaders, they are concerned to see the overloading by these Auto Rickshaw and especially after they found that there were foreigners, who had just arrived in the area, but they were able to walk and ride in public transport vehicles in the area.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 26: The residents of Rambrai area have demanded that the government should improve the roads in the area, especially the road from Rambrai to Mawlangsu which passes through Phudumbah, Domkohmen and other villages.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid-Nongtung Circle, through Shemphang Masharing, General Secretary, has expressed its surprise that Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, has said such hurtful things. According to the MLA through the print & media, he admitted that all the reasons for the incidents and problems on the border are due to them. The people of Meghalaya and Assam.
The National President of the BJP Kisan Morcha was accompanied by the National General Secretary of the BJP Kisan Morcha and the State President of the BJP Kisan Morcha, Bah Justice Syiem, District President of BJP Ri Bhoi, Sen Thabah and Sumarlang Swer and CB Syiem who has just joined the BJP in Nongpoh Constituency were also present.
B. Shylla Fishery Supervisor, R Lytan Program Manager and M Nowa Multi Service Provider, Village Leaders and Villagers were present on the occasion.
Speaking to Rupang, FKJGP Central Body President Joe Marwein said that about two months ago, the FKJGP Central Body had sent a letter to the Minister. to monitor and reconsider the matter which may also remind the Minister on the same issue.
“The state has worked closely with NESAC (North Eastern Space Applications) the space research department here, and this is what has been done on the spacecraft, Nan, forests, agriculture and quarrying and soon we will set up a Data Innovation Center to collect statistics and information and send information back to various departments so that they can show signs. which can benefit various departments in the improvement of water related needs”.
Pa'iem said he had spoken to the MLA of the area, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, to talk to the police and the prime minister about the incident.
Shillong: The rainfall in Mawsynram today reached 1003.6mm in the last 24 hours.
The arrest of these four drug users was made after the youth organizations of the village, patrolled the area and especially when they received information, that the village has turned into a One of the most dangerous camps for drug trafficking and it is on this basis, that the youths of the village, have conducted a night watch until they arrest these four persons. drug addicts, from whose bodies cocaine was also seized.
Shillong, Lber 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the state has allocated funds for the year 2016-17 based on a clear understanding of the work, and it is necessary to reshape the budget. how to allocate funds to be done by the central and state governments to avoid confusion.
Quiet ones, there are 185 of them.
Nadda said the party has decided to increase the medical assistance from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh under the Ayushman Bharat programme. .
He said that in Maikhuli, the disputed area is a cemetery but the disputed area with a fish pond has been handed over to Assam without any dispute.
At the same time, Bah Adelbert confirmed that he will soon join the Voice of People's Party (VPP) and this will be done at the earliest opportunity.
Speaking to reporters, she said that the festival will include marathon, cycle racing, awareness programme, trekking, film screening (NUKSA) and fashion show. Lily Sawian, Color and DJ Meban among others.
The request is that those who enter politics should be educated and religious.
The tournament will be held in all categories of sports and weight categories such as Full Contact, Low Kick, K-1 Rules, Point Fighting, Kick Light, Light Contact, and Musical Form in the Senior Division. .
The cause of the incident is not yet known but police are conducting investigation to find out the cause of the incident.
She said that the Congress party in a statement published in the newspapers on June 5, 2023 has confirmed that the BJP government has lost about 40 percent and looted about T. Rs 10 lakh crore in the last four years.
When the group of journalists, were able to produce these documents, the Assam Police, started to investigate, alleging that they had violated the COVID-19 Protocol.
Shillong: Meghalaya on Tuesday showcased its skills for the title of Athletics Champion of the 2nd North East Olympic Games
The third prize was awarded to Sub Inspector Raymond Kurkalang of West Garo Hills.
We must never allow the future of our children to be led and shaped by politics, distribution and politics.
The problem in Meghalaya is that it is a light state, all kinds of people can enter and live as they please, there are no strict rules and laws like in other states. that state.
“My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge” Hosea 4:6
A total of 55,08,206 students have registered for the UP Board High School and Intermediate Examinations-2
Three months ago, there was an ejehar against a family for violating the rules of burial or cremation and for opening the body. .
After this complaint, this reporter on Tuesday visited Umsaw area where he found with his own eyes that many rnga burning places in Umsaw area. These areas are located near the main road and some of them have more than three holes in the fireplace which has also produced a terrible and pungent smoke which has affected the people.
Until the work is completed"Chapter -2The days and months passed quickly.
He was born a true Christian and grew up in Wahkaji.
The list contains 1168 printed names, while 32 have been copied.
This was announced by the President of the HYC Mawryngkneng Circle, Bah Riskhem Kharkamni.
Hundreds of people from nearby villages like Mawrusyiar, Upper New Nongstoin, New Nongstoin, Ladweitang, Mawyllumsyntiew, leaders and members of political parties like KSU, HYC and others, came to join the rally. The rally was held to condemn and demand that the law enforcement agencies should punish severely and prosecute the robber under the charges of murder and imprisonment for life.
“The second is on the call of the police when they raided only one journalist, why didn't they call other media and we all know what it is, this also puts the question why"he added.
Their house on top of the rock is called 'Maw-Wanpnan' to this day.
In her speech, the President said she wants the works related to health, education, railways, road construction, petroleum and women's empowerment to be completed. the days shall be continuous.
The Meghalaya People's Human Rights Council (MPHRC) today commemorates the 10th of November as the Human Rights Day.
The Women Sports Foundation (WSF) has launched the Future Stars initiative at the grassroots level for school children and children. give them training for the needs of children.
According to the Collector of Gadchiroli, Sanjay Daine, there will be 205 polling teams which will be deployed by helicopters from three places including Gadchiroli, Aheri. , and Wadse.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 31 : The Joint Committee on Reservation Policy (JCCRP) of the Jaintia Hills District (JCCRP) today held a protest in Khliehriat. participation of the people, Waheh Shnong and Village Members from different villages.
However, u Bah Passtar said that if there is such a case, in fact the office should have summoned both the parties including the complainants and him.
“The police have told us that we were summoned according to the complaint lodged in 2021 because we turned to the Secretariat when we went to remind the government of the ILP demand. “I have asked many questions but the only answer I have given is that if we don't go to the Secretariat, where else will we go to raise our voice,” he said.
and he poured it out on all the plates.
Referring to the government's response, they said that the PWD has not provided roads to them, the PHE has not done anything for the village. Forest, Veterinary, Sericulture, Fishery and other government departments have not yet provided anything to the village.
Shillong, March 03: Union Minister Ram Vilas Paswan on Tuesday said that the Congress has declined across the country and in the state too in the MLA elections in The NDA will take over the government.
She said that child marriage affects income and causes all kinds of suffering which affects the status of parents.
Due to the overcrowding, this demand has reached the ears of the state leaders and the law enforcement agencies have sent the leaders to meet with the Symbid Myntri of the state. Prestone Tynsong, to discuss the issue.
Shillong: In the past few days, the state has witnessed many damages and losses of property in connection with the heavy rainfall which has affected the state. The heavy rains have caused problems to the households and roads, which has caused problems in traffic and also to the farmland which has been flooded and damaged crops during the heavy rains. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sniawbhalang said, “We have decided to visit the area and meet with the residents to listen to what they have to say.
By Bah Philip Marwein We all know that the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of coal on 17th June, 2014 and it has taken about 10 months to implement this order. breathe immediately.
Shillong, Nailar 24: The High Power Committee (HPC) has decided to build the Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang after many years of delay. to build.
The village headmen of Sohra area have demanded that the state government should not remove the share of Sohra even 10 naia as allocated by the central government through the Planning Commission.
He said India had eradicated rheumatoid arthritis in 2014 and now has set a target to eradicate rheumatoid arthritis by
“If he is still the Secretary, he should come and meet immediately,” said the Pastor.
Colinsal Mon Lyngdoh scored the first goal for Lajong in the third minute.
Grace said she supports the signature campaign of the Mawhati MDC to demand a special session.
God speaks here not only to Israel but also to this generation in many ways.
“I know the people are suffering because of the internet outage but I appeal to everyone to be patient,” he added.
Investigation revealed that Naba Singh, who was involved in drug trafficking, had gone to Guwahati.
The number of those still injured has risen to
Earlier, the KSU Mawlai Circle, Mawlai Umjaiur and Mawlai Nongpdeng Units had expressed their surprise at the decision of the KSU Mawlai Circle to expel the President of the KSU Mawlai Circle, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 136 new cases have been confirmed and 1929 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Mairang, Nailur 8: As part of the briefing to ASHA and Anganwadi workers on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, the Composite Regional Center for Skill Development , CRC-Shillong, which is one of the working units of the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment, Government of India, in collaboration with the State Resource Center for Disability Affairs, The Commissioner of Persons with Disabilities, Social Welfare Department and Health Department of the State Government today conducted a training and explanation program on the 'Disability and Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act' at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang.
Born on 25 November 1924, Vajpayee joined the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh in 1939 and in 1951 joined its political wing, the Bharatiya Jana Sangh. In 1968, he became President of the Bharatiya Jana Sangh.
“Even Arunachal Pradesh has received the letter but the money has not arrived, so has the Meghalaya government. Finance did not want to give money, and even the schemes that were allocated were canceled at that time,” he said.
The KSU said that it has received information that there are uranium mining vehicles in Mawkyrwat which have come to deceive the people by smuggling water to stop their evil intentions. the government should send them out too.
Pius Ranee, works at NESFAS and you can contact him at this email.
This is an issue that Christian groups should address carefully through seminars, symposiums, brain storming sessions or interactive sessions; don't wait until the water reaches the ryndang, lest you have to cover the house even with the dead body.
Jowai, March 6: At 4 pm this morning, Jowai Road Patrol Police have arrested a man named Hasaki Passah from Iongpiah Jowai while he was fleeing. along with the items he stole from a shop owned by a foreigner named Ram Naresh Singh.
These villages are not connected by road or any other means to facilitate traffic,” said Prof. Sinha.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: The election of the Leaders of Ri Bhoi District has been one of the most peaceful and peaceful elections in Ri Bhoi District. They are encouraged to win their candidate who is supported by various parties in Ri Bhoi District.
Shella MDC Teiñwell Dkhar recalled the contribution of Maieid Hoping through her great work for the people and the District Council. I had the opportunity to meet with Bah Hoping who told me about his campaign during the elections and also his meetings with Maieid at public meetings.
Youngsters FC beat Nangkiew FC 4-1 in the final match of the tournament at Photumtong Stadium.
The JHTOA said that immediately after the shooting of journalists by former JHTOA President Balen Thubru, the JHTOA has taken notice of the incident and has elected a new office bearer and expelled Balen Thubru immediately. and to thy disciples.
The lyngam, although they are poor, do not send them to work in the household, they can earn money to protect themselves from slavery in the household of the people.
In the first leg, Mulieh Youth SSC beat Umlong Utd 2-1
For those who are looking for detailed information to write a book, it would be good to visit this area of ​​Nongtrai to see the snaps and evidence of the ancients.
Referring to yesterday's protest, the statement said that the NGEA strongly condemns the MDA government and the Deputy Commissioner's office for their implementation of Section 144 Cr.
“Well, we won't pay this year,” said the mother and turned to another topic.
This is not the first time that her son has done this but it has been a mistake and the mother has requested the police to arrest him.
According to a source, police received a tip yesterday regarding these people and on receiving the information, they rushed to the village. in which they also conducted an extensive search operation in the area.
Shekhar Naphade, Senior Advocate and Advocate General, said that the decision of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) is wrong and therefore demanded that the decision should be quashed.
He stood up to steal.
The 29th will be the last decision for the HSPDP to announce who will replace Maieid Hoping and on that day the candidate who wins the ticket will leave. to register to contest the mid-term elections to be held on 21st November,
During the discussion, many other names of MDCs, who have held office in the past, were also raised, which were presented in the court of the Chief Justice, the report said.
The main objective of the Committee is to work with the government to assist the needs of the villages at a time when many of the paradoh parasnam living abroad have started to return. to their own homes and villages, because at such times there will be villages in trouble.
Shillong, July 26: Police on Tuesday seized a bike belonging to Ram Chandra Tamang of Demseiniong Parmaw.
Shillong, Nailur, 21: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that there are more than 1,375 cancer patients in the state who have received treatment through the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) scheme from July to April
Not only that, the journalists also had the opportunity to talk to the truck drivers where many of the truck drivers confessed that they have paid according to the price requested by the gatekeepers and when sent to show the slips, they did not receive them. When asked why the drivers took the slip without the price, they replied that they didn't take the slip without the price. write price rub.
For this, the government needs to take immediate action for the betterment of the state as a whole.
Shillong, June 07: The Meghalaya High Court on Friday directed the State Government to take measures to curb the pollution of the rivers and to clean them up as in the past. .
In East Khasi Hills, 47078 people have been infected but out of these, 46003 have recovered and 1075 have died.
Dhar said that recently a proposal was made to build a Central Jail in New Shillong Township.
Bah Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech said that it is necessary to have a cooperation between government departments, IVCS and the farmers in order to improve the income of the farmers.
The organization held a short meeting and delivered a speech by Samla Lumlang, who gave a speech of condolence to the family, as the souls of people are still sad.
However, here in Meghalaya, this scheme has worked only on papers or writings while if you look back at the health centres, they are no different from the times before the introduction of this scheme.
“These answers to the RTI have been given by the KHADC without asking, we will investigate because it shows that up to T.1 crore has been spent to build the market and repair the office of the KHADC. crore rupees.
Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will distribute 35 Kgs per household at the price of T.3/- per kilo.
The Spell has been missing since Thursday (26/11/2021).
B Rynjah Principal, speeches by the President and Secretary of the Governing Body, Rgh BS Rumnong and Rgh Richard H Dkhar. The chief guest and other dignitaries as well as the former and retired Principals of the college, the songs performed by the students, then the shlem gave training on traditional songs and also by the former students and Vice Principal Herina Dohtdong gave the welcome speech and on this occasion, the Chief Guest laid the ribbon as a sign of the opening of the gym.
There are no deceitful deceptions, no more deception, which means to receive forgiveness from God before God's final punishment comes to us on this earth.
To join any party without skilled leaders, we will not reach anywhere and I see that the leaders of the TMC can lead us to what we deserve.
About 600 to 700 trucks are still running each day.
Shillong, July 9: A truck (ML-0E9893) has collided with a truck (ML-0E9893) on the Khoh-iar road at 5:12 pm this evening. Pursue.
The villages that participated in the Sohjer festival included the people of Byrnihat, Umtyrnga, Khanapara, Mawsmai and Barapathar.
Besides, it was also found that many villages, although they have pipe lines, but the water is scarce due to the lack of wells.
In the final, Donbestar Syiemlieh won the title against a wrestler from Uttarakhand.
Surprisingly, another article has appeared on one of the facebook pages of TEI LA TYNRAI which says, HYC.HANM and WYF leaders have received about 40 lakh rupees from the owners of the Coke factory Shallang.
He said that to get the support of the people as the party itself they have to go around to explain the work that this government and as the party has fought for all these years.
The woman has been in dire straits after her husband died about six months ago and left behind four young children.
Many of our leaders are also powerful and arrogant and this leads to division and disunity.
Poverty in Meghalaya is due to the lack of children in each household while income remains unchanged.
“It is a big loss for our club because we sign players according to the Shillong League and there are no rules.
Nongpoh: The house of Kong Swe Lapang, Kong Swe Lapang, has collapsed in a fire at Umladoh village in Ri Bhoi district this morning. until it has devoured all that is in it.
The three arrested include Mintu Das, Bijay Kr.
Shillong, July 19: The Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, has not received a letter from the Prime Minister's Office on their intention to hold peace talks between the HNLC and the Mawsynram Hima. government of India.
The biopic will be written by Ole Sanders and the biopic will tell the story of KISS's concerts and other activities.
However, in 2022, hope has started to come back as people have been able to start working to earn a living, to work, to farm and trade not only within the country but also abroad and also to travel from one state to another and even abroad.
The President, Droupadi Murmu will award the winners of the fourth round of the India Smart Cities Award Competition (ISAC) 2022 on 27th November
During his two seasons in the ISL, Murray has scored 11 goals in 34 appearances.
She said that after a detailed discussion on the background of their demand, they wanted to meet with the Chief Minister who is also in charge of the finance department. However, he has not yet invited them to discuss the demands which the government has not been able to implement which he has promised since he came to power. energy at our first meeting.
This statement came a day after FKJGP-Upper Shillong Circle expressed its strong opposition to the Government's plan to allocate the land of Animal Husbandry in Upper Shillong for the purpose of setting up Anjalee. Petrol Pump.
Bicameral- Ardorbar is a form of establishment of dorbars in the khadar system which includes two types of dorbars empowered to implement the laws in society.
Meghalaya have only one game left and will face Punjab on Sunday.
In the inspection of Rupang today, it was found that many houses and two cowsheds have been destroyed by MUDA and it was seen that the houses that have been destroyed are houses built of wood and the sop with that tin.
Jowai, November 03: The JSU Sengkmie today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya in Jowai to follow up on the demands that have happened in Mukroh village in the past few days.
Shillong, Naitung 30 : The National People's Party (NPP) is ready to nominate a former MLA to contest the MP elections to be held soon next year.
SP Bikram D Marak, Dy SP MJ Marngar, Dy SP (Crime) CW Lyngdoh and others visited Sahsniang village to celebrate Children's Day with the children of NEIMA and Sacred Convent. Heart Elementary School Convent, Sahsniang.
“This is what I feel the Government should do,” said the MP. He added that the new Cabinet of the MDA-II Government is competent and he expects it to work well and serve the people of the State.
Rajasthan opened the scoring through R. Gupta in the 12th minute of the first half, but Lajong turned the tide in the 25th minute from a goal. thep and K.Lhuid.
In another development, it was reported that the state government has already signed an agreement with the Apollo Hospital to open the door for treatment of people at the hospital for three months. .
He said that his receipt of the award as Millionaire Farmer is not only for his own benefit but for the sake of raising and promoting his reputation. the honor of the farmers in the district and the state as a whole.
Her victory has brought pride to Assam as a whole and India and this will encourage many from across the country.
He is also signed by Kolkata Knight Riders for the 2017 IPL. The coach is Gautam Shome, a former Ranji player of Bengal and also a recognized coach from the National Cricket Academy. also the Bengal team for several years.
Shillong: U Congress leader Dr Mukul Sangma has strongly criticized the support of NPP MP from Tura Agatha K Sangma for the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) as she spoke in Parliament today.
I live in Lawjynriew, Shillong.
Earlier, Dr. Valarie Laloo, Specialist Community Medicine incharge Immunization, said that the IMI 5.0 should identify children up to 5 years of age who have not been vaccinated or who have not been vaccinated. to provide full vaccination as well as to the poor women.
Speaking on the occasion, Pa'iem Mangal Singh recalled that it was the leaders of West Khasi Hills who did not accept the Autonomous State and under the leadership of (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, the protest and demand for The entire state has become stronger and the Hill State fighters together with the people have stood firm to demand without hesitation with the slogan “No Hill Sate No Rest”.
During the inspection of the site for the construction of the new office, the village leaders said that the plan to relocate the office is sufficient and there is no traffic jam as it is only about 10 miles away. 50 meters from the National Highway-6
When inquired, he said that the District Councils have suggested that the government should act according to the documents they have, but on these suggestions, the government will consider carefully.
On the other hand, the match was very interesting although there was a lot of goalkeeping but the match on the pitch was very friendly and strong.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umpung Area has admitted that it has found through Right to Information (RTI) that the management of MG Snaitang LP School has misused the funds for the construction of the school building. Mawshaliah, which is located in the southwest of Khasi Hills.
“I am happy to receive the bronze medal because the first and second place winners deserve to receive these medals,” he said.
“From the very beginning of the formation of the EC, the NPP, MDCs have not been satisfied with the management of former CEM Teinwell Dkhar and Dy CEM Pyniaid Singh Syiem. until the dissolution of the entire EC.
In India as a whole, 80 per cent of the population is rural.
As one of the resource persons who has provided training to teachers especially on the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act 2011 of Meghalaya.
In the women's 10K race in the age group of 25-29, Sangita Bordoloi came first, Tarali Phukan second and Meghalaya's Dakahi Kyndait (Megha) came third. -promised the Police).
Referring to the allegations against the rebel groups, Lyngdoh said, “We have pointed out that the claims of the ANVC-B are not unreasonable and the statements of the political secretary of the party are evidence. “The shooting death of the insurgents just a day after the news came out is one of the reasons that shows the relationship between the Prime Minister and the insurgents”.
During his visit to the state, he praised the state's ability to implement this scheme properly which has benefited many families in the state.
Salvation comes from God the Father and Jesus Christ who died on the Cross for me and you sinners.
The Committee will visit the affected areas soon.
The vehicle was registered as ML04 C
In Block II, the meeting was led by Bah Symper Dkhar and K. Nongkhlaw.
Rymbai said that at this public meeting there will be lawyers and other leaders of Jaintia Hills who will explain on the MMDR and other issues faced by the people on the coal industry and ownership. place.
By Bah Philip Marwein As we know, 80 out of 100 of the citizens of the state are farmers and the income of the state depends on these farmers.
Ahead of the US president's visit to the West, FBI officials said on Tuesday they had shot dead a man from Utah who threatened and threatened Biden's life.
He said that in order to attract more tourists to the area, there are still many needs to be provided, such as footpaths so that tourists can enjoy the tourism, because if They stayed overnight and had to spend time walking to the top of Mawthadraishan.
“When we produce cassettes, we can produce only 2,000 copies and that too takes time, because many of our people don't have the love to listen to songs,” said Bah Kharsohnoh. Rana Kharkongngor said that this is the main reason why singers cannot support their livelihood from singing.
This was announced by Rgh S. Sari, Publicity Secretary of the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi.
This includes 40 years in the Khasi Students' Union as President, three terms in the Assembly, two terms as Minister of State, and five years in the KHADC. understands the problems of the people and makes sure that he is with them.
“Even the unions of various village leaders have already demanded or expressed the need for the C&RD Block office and as the union we have taken this issue to demand from the government for many years now. , but unfortunately until now no sign has been seen that the government will bring in this government office which will benefit the people of this area,” said Bah Shanlang Diengdoh.
Nongpoh: In order to encourage and motivate the students who will sit for the SSLC examination, the management together with the teachers of Mawhati Rural Community Secondary School, which is also one of the schools that supports and provides Mawhati, Mawhati, yesterday, held a meeting between the students who will sit for the SSLC examination this year. The principals, teachers and the students, have honored these 10 students and also extended their best wishes to these students, that they will be able to write well in the SSLC examination. Shanlang Diengdoh, Chairman of the school, Jubest L Lyngkhoi, Head Master, Juliana Diengdoh and other teachers were present on the occasion. and encouraged these students to work hard to achieve the fruits of victory and also to be obedient to their parents, humble, so that their future will be bright.
Shillong, Naitung 04: The KSU Mawthadraishan Circle, Nongstoin, Shillong, will hold a rally on the 6th of this month as a sign of protest and condemnation. on the murder of Bliantina Lyngkhoi, and also as a sign of protest against the violence against women.
“Everyone knows that the Congress is a ship that has fallen in Meghalaya and the country as a whole and no one else can save it from this fall,” the BJP said in a statement. .
Although the rainfall has been heavier this year, the rainfall has reached less than 40 millimeters on most days; however, the rainfall in the past 24 hours is the highest this year.
There have been 1,52,879 new cases of covid-19 in India today and 839 deaths in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
But we must not forget that God has His own purpose for us all.
The UDP is from Shillong and the NPP is from Tura and they are contesting together as the MDA family, he said.
Shillong, March 16: The Committee to Empower the Dorbar Shnongs and Nongsynshar headed by Bah DD Lapang has given 10 months empowerment to the District Councils to submit their suggestions on how to improve the situation. The Government of Meghalaya Grassroots Institutions Bill 2015 has been passed by the Government.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh today inaugurated a theme park and a children's entertainment center in the area. and he went up to Sohra.
When asked about the statement of Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) Secretary Gurjeet Singh on the availability of documents regarding the land, the Chief Minister said that the High Level Committee (HLC) has issued a permit. The time is right for the persons involved, groups, or individuals to come forward to submit the documents they have to prove their claim to this land which has not yet been done. there is no one to come forward to prove it.
“We are not satisfied with what we have found from the inspection of the working methods of the factories in terms of environmental protection,” said the chairman of the committee, Bah SK Sunn. factories in Umiam and Byrnihat today.
The DC said that Mawthadraishan has set up seven new Polling Stations and the number of voters has so far reached more than 41,0
According to Dr Lamare, there were about 5,000 Khasi who went to take part in the war but only about 30 returned because they died in the war.
The proper functioning of the digestive system is a healthy way to lose weight, and the digestive system is the key to healthy digestion.
Why do I say that God is sympathetic to people, because the lives of people these days have become an abomination in the sight of God.
Sin remains in those who send it. That is why I say don't become a Christian.
Because we have a kur which protects us, we live in our own Hima or Elaka and we still have a kur relationship and a kur agreement from one Hima to another.
Gyanendra Pratap Singh, DGP, Assam Police was the chief guest, while Dr Nitul Gogoi, IPS IGP and Sarmistha Baruah, APS were the guests of honour.
Jaitley said the prime minister took over the post on the direction of Sonia Gandhi and therefore he should act on these rules.
When talking about the Jaintia Hills or the Hima of Syiem Sutnga, who was recognized by the British during his reign as the Jaintia Hills, the Syiem who ruled not only the Khat-ar Hills. Doloi, but also in Rithor Surma, Sylhet, Jaintiapur, 24 parganas and now within Bangladesh.
He said that to do or to proceed with that, it does not depend on his will alone but on the will of the people who are the ones who are responsible for winning or defeating the candidates.
It is true that many of us Christians don't know the 10 Commandments.
Therefore, the group still needs a lot of assistance from the government so that they can improve the beauty of this place and what is needed now is that the group has expressed its ability to It is the fence so that they can escape from the thylliej of the tree of the wilderness because as of now this problem is the most important that around the places they die and group (wilderness).
Sohra Constituency has also received various water supply schemes totaling T.64, 19,47,161 for 69 projects. He received T.17,72,90,320 for 110 projects.
At 10.30 pm, Rev.RS.Nongkynrih preached the sermon while in the afternoon, Rev.(Dr) HCT Sumer preached the sermon.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Superintendent of Police (EKHD) Shillong, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on the 11th of this month at about 10:05 pm, police have found an unidentified man sleeping lyngktar near Goenka compound. near Neha Transport parking area, Iewduh, Shillong.
According to the MDCs of KHADC, in a meeting with several journalists, after the opening of the Dorbar, they said that on the 13th July, the day of the election of the Syiem in Malaisohmat, There was a loud shout of the people shouting 'Ha u Sing- Ha u Sing', and that is the reason why they alleged that there may be politics in the election of the Syiem.
“Students from Meghalaya in Sikkim have spoken to me and asked for help to return home.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that all the cases lodged by the NIA are longstanding cases and will continue to be investigated. Central Government not State Government.
“The NGT will not interfere in the ban on coal mining if the state government has implemented the Mines and Mineral Policy, 2012,” said Dr Mawthoh while raising a question in the Legislative Assembly.
According to the latest news, the government has counted that the KHADC Building Act has not been authorized to be published in the Meghalaya Gazette because it does not comply with the rules. It is distributed between the KHADC and the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) of the State Government.
All Dorbar Shnongs and Seng Bhalangs in the city are requested to urge all their residents/units and members to attend the rally.
“It is worth mentioning here that the protest of the people against the police officers of the Government has been witnessed in the people taking to the streets from time to time.
Shillong: The Supreme Court's decision on the repeal of Article 370 is unique and confirms the validity of the decision of the Parliament of India on the 5 2019 in accordance with the Constitution of the country.
Teachers from lower primary schools to higher secondary schools have come out to urge the government to call for talks with them to explain the problems they are facing and also in relation to the situation. you are studying in this state.
The Minister also directed the district authorities to conduct medical health camps and informed that doctors from Gauhati Medical College Hospital will take part in these camps.
However, how can it not be in need when it still has to receive about T.300 crore from the people and factories that use electricity? This is one of the delays in the operation of MeECL as it has not been able to collect the electricity bill on time.
UP & RMSA School beat Amwi HS School, Thangbuli 4-3 in the tie-breaker in the Under-17 Girl's match.
The success of the campaign was due to the ability to connect with people from different parts of Bharat.
We now have to see how much we need people and whether we can strengthen this need,” she said.
The BJP MLA from Imphal East constituency, K Susindro Meitei, has received this view and has appealed to those who stole the firearms to return them.
He said that as the VPP was founded to improve and revive the lost glory and to transform it for the better, it can only be achieved if the people elect many candidates from the VPP. .“Stop thinking only about yourself that only if you have enough Pynursla is enough even if in the state they do a little bit but remember if the state falls Pynursla will also fall and for that reason the Pynursla will fall. VPP is not only fighting to win from Pynursla but to win with our brothers and sisters from all over the country,” said Ardent.
“Those who trust in their riches and boast in the abundance of their riches; None of them can by any means redeem his brother, nor give to God a ransom for him” (Psalm 49:6,7).
The AAP chief has arrived in the state to prepare for the 2018 elections and to strengthen the party by strengthening its Executive Committee in the state. pat to the villagers.
He said the government will move forward.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), has been elected as the new Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly.
Besides, there is the issue of unemployment among the youth.
“The negligence of the MeECL department especially the lack of time to repair and inspect the Post Lights from time to time, is the cause of this tragic incident today in Umsalait,” said the KSU leaders. .“Many times we see that in the rural areas the electricity department is very stingy especially to repair the Post Lights and we also see that many of the Post Lights have almost collapsed due to the lack of property from the owner of the Post Light. “It is necessary to repair it, but when we go to the authorities, they don't listen to us,” said the KSU leaders in these areas.
The law says that this is the annual dance in which the Tre-kirot together with the Sangia Saret come to participate from the beginning of Pynsin to the day of Muchai which is the day to end the dance at Syiem Aitnar.
We remember that a few years ago when Dr Mukul Sangma was the Prime Minister, he said that his government wants to turn Polo into a Times Square in the city. New York.
Speaking to reporters, Srivastava said the three-day programme, which started today, is dedicated to providing training to hospitals to be ready.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar wishes all the Dkhar Kurs to have a healthy body, to have a good income, to live in peace, prosperity, knowledge and knowledge of people. – know God in the days to come.
Shillong: A Rupang reporter has visited Wahkdait village, below Pynursla, and the deterioration of the road is serious up to Dawki.
Thus, the world is amazed at the wealth of others, who have taken over the power of the rule of law.
Speaking on the MDA government, she said that there is too much corruption in the MDA government whether it is in any field such as illegal mining and quarrying of coal. “We have not been able to think of laws or procedures to develop the state, which means that the state does not have the funds for the development of health facilities in the state such as PHCs and CHCs. it is for the people to build the people, and to put the people in the middle or to ensure the welfare of the people.
It is to be recalled that the government has transferred Ethelbert Kharmalki as DC from 16 November and appointed him as Secretary Mining & Geology of the State Government.
Owan Pajuh (11) in the 60th minute, Dibor Kassah (9) in the 71st minute and Donbok Lyngdoh (16) in the 82nd minute scored the goals for KMC.
Buhti Shadap for Sunrise scored 66 runs, Cheini Wet 35 runs and Arkirishot Phadong 16 runs.
If we the border residents do not agree, we will not stand idly by but we will hold a strong mass protest in collaboration with all those seven areas affected by the border demarcation”.
The Holy Mass was led by Father Ferdinand Dkhar, Diocesan Administrator of Jowai Diocese along with Priests from other Parishes of Jowai Diocese and Diphu Diocese, Karbi-Anglong Assam.
As soon as they came to power, these militants started looking for young women, and ordered the religious leaders, who are in these areas, to give the names of the young women. , over 15 years of age or older, or widows under 45 years of age who have married Taliban militants and will be taken to Waziristan, Pakistan, for exchange. Islamic religion to them.
Prestone Tynsong said that the responsibility of collecting counts for the payment to the land owners has been handed over to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills for the convenience of the people.
He said that Majai will be the first place where Bangladeshis will stay if the Poiwir Act is implemented.
One of the reasons I have found for the misuse of money in these elections is the presence of MDC, MLA and MP schemes which start with lakhs of rupees annually and now reach up to Rs. crores per annum and tens of crores in five years.
Strengthening the immune system : Drinking milk before bedtime mixed with a little shynrai strengthens the immune system and can fight against diseases such as colds, flu and other common diseases.
He has not yet announced whether he will contest as an independent candidate or from any party.
They didn't even have an X-Ray.
"The Khasi have released the Garo in peace.
According to the latest reports, Defense Minister Rijiju is preparing to take the bill to Parliament for implementation.
At the same time, he said that Bah Kharlyngdoh was expelled from the party because he fought against the rules of the party.
“This shows the negligence and incompetence of the IAS officers, who did not see the need for this system before implementing the policy,” said the bench comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee. and Judge W. Wood.
The Queen's mother urged them to stay overnight but the two elders refused because they left Ksan to look after them.
The meeting, which was held at the residence of Bah DD Lapang, in the presence of Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, decided to reject the proposal of the Block. and the District; However, it has elected Bah Gabriel Wahlang for the mid-term elections.
We are here to shed light," he added.
If you steal or cheat the big and the rich, the law punishes them, but soon, if you steal or cheat us small, the more you ask for forgiveness, the more they will punish you until you stop.
As a result of the incident at 4:15 pm, he was injured and rushed to hospital.
In addition, there was also a push to implement the MMDR Act in Meghalaya.
In this incident, there was also an electrical short circuit in one of the office rooms in Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra and in this incident, the toilet of the building caught fire.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was also attended by Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC, Syed Md. Andaleeb Razi, Commissioner & Secretary PHED, BM Lyndem Chief Engineer, PHE Department. , Bah U Kurbah EE, PHE Nongpoh Division, various officers from the PHE department, Village Leaders and other dignitaries.
The Langrin Hima Youth Association, on 17th July 2023, held a march at Phlangdiloin and Kensohsan villages, South West Khasi Hills District, to demand the removal of the Syiem of Langrin Hima. the Kingdom of Langrin.
We Khasi don't have those who are poor or those who don't even have a house.
He said that if he goes to ask for their support, they will stipulate that if they support him, he must fulfill certain of their dreams.
As an MLA, Bah Adelbert said he has also raised the issue of separating the IAS and IPS posts of the state from Assam.
This was announced by Bah Kyrshan War President and A. Lakiang, General Secretary of the Kur.
The DGP said that the situation in the state has witnessed a improvement in terms of the prevalence of crime and the number of robbers who have been arrested. Many others have struggled to flee the state due to the strict implementation of the state police to fight against the problems that arise within the society.
Former US President Trump, who is also 76 years old, said this after his first public speech on Tuesday.
According to a statement, the President of the unit, Nasen Ch Momin, said that the power outage for six months has caused many problems to the people especially to the school children.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that there is a land area of ​​60,000 sqft but the delay in taking over the land is due to the high price of more than 2 crore tyngka.
There are bad sons who don't want to violently rob their brothers and sisters, especially if there are no parents.
He said that they have already received some of the necessary equipment to ensure that the pending cases are expedited and that they will no longer need to be sent outside the state for processing. to the tests in order to conduct the investigation.
On Monday, 13 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, while 65 people have recovered.
Daniel Harries, a biologist, saw the fish in June last year and was amazed, according to an article published in National Geographic.
According to the villagers of Kongthong, initially, the distributors from the supply office of Sohra Civil Sub Division had poured and mixed the rotten rice to distribute to the people.
Of these, 933 are General, 345 are General, 99 are EWS, 263 are OBC, 154 are Scheduled Caste and 72 are Scheduled Tribe.
He said the party will not rest but will continue to monitor the government's appointment of Chairman, Vice Chairman, Deputy Chairman and other posts for politicians.
He said that once there are enough doctors and nurses, they will be re-established in order to provide services to the people and all the offices will be opened as in the past.
Who doesn't want to see the growth of the State in economic growth, who doesn't want the State to be on par with other states in the north which have grown rapidly in economic growth? Now it is up to the Government to introduce the law which all the residents have been demanding for decades before the construction of the railway line.
On the other hand, the UDP has threatened to take action against Bah Pynshngain if he fails to explain by the 16th of this month the nine issues on which it has alleged that the CEM has used force. which affects the Council including the appointment, the expenditure of the Council's funds for the Mawbynna Festival and others.
The closure of Bethany Hospital at the time of the first positive case in the state was due to insufficient preparations.
Besides these land allocations to the sports teams, there are other areas that the Trust has to look after.
According to the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO) of West Phaileng, three villages in the West Phaileng sub-division have been severely affected by the floods. by force of nature.
The sheep, named Double Diamond, was sold to high-priced breeders at the Scottish National Texel in Lanark.
Of the 35,043 cases, 25,007 are still undergoing treatment, 8,888 have recovered and 111 are foreigners.
The President of the HFU, Barato Unit, said that the buyers should not underestimate the farmers, as many of the farmers are now educated and knowledgeable about agriculture.
Furthermore, according to the reporter, the total sales of pylleng in Iewduh, Shillong from all the shops will not be less than 60,000 units per day.
The Deputy Commissioner conducted the meeting in the presence of CEM Titostarwell Chyne, Magistrate, Ministers of Mylliem Hima and the Superintendent of Police.
The collection of money continues until yesterday, according to the report, in which 200 byrni of money have been collected and there are still byrni, which have not been opened and seized. money.
"Are we still the same or have we escaped from that Darkness of Wonder? It depends on how you take it.
Because the injuries will not only affect the farmers but all the residents around the Myntdu River.
During the investigation, many of the suspects were arrested.
Excessive stress is associated with an increased risk of high blood pressure, cancer, diabetes, mental illness and shortens your life expectancy.
In the U-12 football category, 14 teams participated and the winners were the Kickstart boys. Football Academy after beating the PFR Academy, in the U-17 tournament, 12 teams have participated and the winner was the team. Guest Who's Back FC has beaten PFR Academy in the first leg of the tournament.
Shillong: The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima through a letter dated 21st August 2019, Shillong, has announced that all the residents of Iew Basa, shopkeepers Market in Iewduh, to ban the use of plastic bags throughout the market.
“Since morning and tomorrow we have put forward a motion that we should all take part in this motion known as the Plight of Teachers in Meghalaya,” he said.
As such they were entitled to sing: Greetings to the land of dreams, my Jesus, Damn me, O good man who clothed me, All that I have loved appears to be foolishness, I choose Jesus.
Who do I praise???? Only he who says, “I AM BRINGING ALL THE FLESH AND THE SOUL ON EARTH.
All the speakers praised the MLA who is one of the leaders who has transformed the villages in the 3 Raliang Constituency through his introduction of many development projects.
Furthermore, to prevent the spread of coronavirus and the safety of the residents, the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills has urged all school children from the affected states to stay at home if If you have any symptoms or not, please call 108/6009693315 for assistance and to monitor your health.
“It is all these that the political parties have to look far for the good of the state and work together to get rid of the President's rule in the state,” said Bah Sawkmie.
On the basis of all these grounds, the JAC between the four organizations and the village leaders in Ri Bhoi, has decided to oppose the casino and on that basis, they have decided to “To send a petition to the Chief Minister to oppose the casino and to express that the JAC itself does not allow the Khalai site in Ri Bhoi,” he added.
For the next two months, Monsoon Salon will offer a 30% discount.
“As a leader, I don't agree with the introduction of Joint Venture and I still urge the State Government to run this dewbilat factory which is a source of income for the residents of Sohra Hima and Dorbar Shnong Mawmluh,” he said. “I urge the State Government to release the salaries of the MCCL employees who are currently in the midst of protest to demand their rights.
According to these Office Memoranda, in Meghalaya the reservation is 1% for Scheduled Castes, 44% for Scheduled Tribes and 5% for Other Backward Classes.
He said that after the HNYM has given its opinion on this issue, the Hima has decided to appoint circle Rangbah Shnongs from the jaidbynriew to look after the Khadar administration in such villages.
The new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle were sworn in by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle, Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh. The office bearers are: Wallambor Nongsiej President, Welman K.Lynïong and Bonijune Shangpliang, General Secretary Kyrpang Lyngdoh, Thomas Thyrniang Assistant Secretary, Finance Secretary Banteilang Wanniang, Organizing Secretary Rishotroi Kharjahrin and Kendar Public Secretary. Iawphniaw, Assistant Publicity Secretary Viany Lyngdoh.
HK Singh will continue their match against IPSC tomorrow at 2 pm.
After winning the toss on November 29, Nagaland chose to bat first and scored 275 runs and lost all the wickets in the first innings while Meghalaya scored only 234 runs. He scored 10 runs for 10 wickets.
On the other hand, in many constituencies, it has been seen that before the elections, many charities or aid workers have expressed their willingness to share the problems of the people.
“Therefore, as the state government, we have to follow the Indian Registration Act and when we follow the IRA, we find that there are some problems here.
Mukul said the government through the IATC will provide many trainings especially in agriculture and also through various schemes.
In the current fiscal year, 19.56 lakh people have been employed.
In fact, the government should have provided healthy food and drink, such as bread and butter, milk, kait and other food items in the morning and meat during the day. and at night she gave them food which neither the slaves nor the prisoners ate.
“We will be the soldiers to ensure that the area will be free from the garbage that we have to reduce the presence of foreigners every day,” said Bah Pauldeep.
Kynpham said the purpose of KAS's National Seminar and Public Meeting is to raise awareness and disseminate the demand from the Government of India to include the Khasi Language in the Sixth Schedule. This is one of those milestones and will eventually lead to the Lehlang or Mass Movement.
Earlier, the Sengbhalang had demanded that the government should stop the land acquisition in Shillong Thymmai, to withdraw the land allocation to the government officials or the Civil Service Officers Housing Co-operative Society (CSO) which sold T .1 per sq ft.
In West Garo Hills, there are 8 cases including one from the Armed Forces, one from the Health Worker and 6 from High Risk.
On the other hand, Bah P. Laloo, Joint Secretary, Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Isawanda Laloo, Director, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, expressed their satisfaction and hope that the collaboration with the EPP will be successful. bring forth the fruit of victory.
According to Section 11 of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, “notwithstanding anything relating to any law in force, the Lokayukta shall appoint an Inquiry Wing headed by a Director of Inquiry for the purpose of to conduct an investigation into any allegation made by any government servant who may be punished under the Prevention of Corruption Act,
After consultation with experts, he took a decision initially to allow all those who have smuggled money abroad to declare and request to bring it back to their country at the same time to The BJP has said that the government has decided to stop the marketing of counterfeit currency.
However, the bapli do not have the ability to distinguish themselves from the animals.
During the meeting, which lasted for a long time, the discussion was on the border settlement and especially on the Baikam village which is inhabited by the Pnars but now falls under Assam.
Arminius Lipon is the Waheh Shnong of Pynthorlangtein and is well aware of the problems of Mynkjai.
Shillong, March 18: To ensure that offices will run smoothly during the two days of curfew called by the HNLC, the government has announced that it will provide buses to run from all parts of Shillong.
“The HSPDP stands firm to demand the repeal of Paragraph 12 A because we understand that any law of the state government will violate the laws of the Autonomous District Councils under the Sixth Scheduled,” he said. told reporters this Monday.
“If FEDCO is a good company, why not do everything together? or why don't you start from the city and the countryside? Why only Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram?” said the MECF leaders and also alleged that the bill lights released to the public do not belong to the MECF. MeECL, does not belong to FEDCO, but has stolen a bill without any stamp, which is exactly, distributed and sent to the people to pay.
It was witnessed that the width of the road is 25 meters but the landslide is too much to count and turns to the border of Myntdu.
He said the DLPMC will also have to be vigilant and inspect the places where the piat is stored.
History tells us that he was severely condemned for opposing the politics of two men: Mahatma Gandhi and Mohammad Ali Jinnah.
Not admitting that the BJP candidate Joshua has any hope of winning, Sanbor said that in the last MP election, he had won more than 4,000 votes. from Shella constituency and without fail, if these 4,000 voters who supported the BJP in the MP elections get only 2 votes, the BJP will win.
For example, Art 371 (E) of Andhra state states: “The Parliament shall enact a law to establish a University in the State of Andhra Pradesh.
Shah also invited religious leaders from church groups to attend a meeting in Delhi along with the party president and state minister AL Hek to discuss the FCRA. and the allocation of land in the NCR to the KJP Synod.
He said that the party had gone around to hold a protest, but at that time it led to the killing of Bah Lurshai Hynniewta and this killing of its members. Ichamati where you have angered many churches.
The Minister has donated Rs 50,000 to the Meghalaya Wushu Association and Rs 15,000 each to the two participants. Myrboh and Wadlad Banteilang Kharsahnoh won the matches from his constituency.
A total of 398 athletes from 37 states, union territories and sports boards participated in the tournament.
The Vigilance Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Pamrakmai EJHD request and urge the relevant government authorities to investigate this issue so that it will not affect the ration recipients in the State.
And what I will say here may not be understood by other religions.
Several members and leaders of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) who came to the scene after receiving news that the KSA and the Karbi people were planning to march. Karbi Anglong expressed their surprise and sorrow after the KAAC officials did not own the land which should have fallen under the State.
Because the call for a curfew has been opposed by the people these days and the office curfew has been opposed by the office workers, the Sengbhalang has not been able to cooperate. to hold a night curfew, or to temporarily suspend their protests.
This is enough for him to win the singles award and he has also received the victory award for his team at the awards ceremony. long now in Paris.
The total number of recoveries today is 77, including 21 cases from East Khasi Hills including 17 cases from Armed Forces and 4 cases from civilians, 1 case from North Garo Hills and 18 cases from Ri Bhoi including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 16 civilians, 37 from West Garo Hills including 28 Armed Forces and 9 civilians.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: Sixty complaints against the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem from various groups have been received by the District Council. summon both the complainants and the complained Syiem to present their views and opinions for a decision.
On the border issue, Bah Ardent said the Government should not give any valuable land to Assam in the name of border settlement.
Jowai, Naitung 07: The Dorbar Shnong Ialong through its Waheh Shnong T.Ram Phawa has arrested two drug traffickers by the East Jaintia Police on the 7th of this month. Hills District in Umtyra village, where one of them, Heirtami Dkhar, admitted that he is from Ialong village.
Meanwhile, the KSU Lapangap Unit through a statement issued by Samla Augustan Timung strongly condemned the robbers involved in the shooting and beating of a resident of Lapangap village until he was seriously injured.
Today, is the 73rd death anniversary of Myllung Soso Tham and many members of the Sengbhalang have laid flowers at Phyllaw at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
At the same time, he said that this center will promote the dissemination of information and support and will also be able to disseminate information on the rights and needs of people with disabilities in the society.
Because animals have only one reason for marriage, while we have many reasons.
The Hungaria Unit falls under the 5th Sutnga Saipung Constituency.
He said that villages like Khanduli, Psiar, Lapangngap, and others do not fall under Block-1 and there is no dispute and they should not be included in the dispute. the village officials.
Earlier, the Principal Secretary, Revenue and Disaster Management, PK Srivastava presented the 12 areas in dispute with Assam and the grounds on which Meghalaya has accepted them.
These stories have surprised the readers and how much more so would it be a surprise if we saw these happening in our city or state today.
“The reason is that the snow and the roads during the rainy season are the main reasons for the difficulty in reaching Shimla but in Meghalaya it is different and there is no need to have up to two cities.
Besides these positions within the Church, he has also held the positions of Treasurer of the KJP Synod as well as various positions within the District and Presbytery.
Shillong: The Ministry of Mining and Geology, Shillong, today announced that the Department of Mining and Geology has issued a notice to auction the coal mined from the state in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court.
The Department of Fisheries has ensured the availability of funds for the people to increase the number of fish ponds through the implementation of the Prime Minister's Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY) and the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission
Nikhil Dkhar scored the first goal for Lumpyrtuh Mihmyntdu in the 18th minute while Hamewan Sayoo converted for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 70+2 minute.
Regarding the opposition, Albinus said the party has convened a meeting tomorrow in Nongstoin and the decision of the meeting will be sent to the MPCC. they will think about which way to go.
He said that under the rule of the Congress government we see only corruption and it cannot bring about economic development as well as to eliminate the unemployment of the educated youth.
Chilliaraij scored the first goal of the match in the 55th minute.
The National People's Party (NPP) has held its first public meeting at Shella Block where thousands of people attended the public meeting held on 6th July 2023 at Umkhabaw, one of the villages on the border with Bangladesh.
This act of violence against the dignity of women is against the rules of the law and is painful for the citizens to think about. It is clear that women are powerless in a state ruled by to Congress.
“To restore that discussion of ours which is in line with the history of those chiefs who came to sign came with the it of the Hima and when they sat down to frame The Constitution has been amended and the chiefs have been appointed to participate in Undivided Assam. If the government forgets this and adopts new technologies, satellite mapping will not make sense. .
Like many other health benefit fruits and vegetables, this fruit also has a beneficial role for health.
The Ri Khasi Sepngi Federation (RKSF) Sengkmie on Monday submitted a petition to Rakkam A Sangma, Minister of State for Border Area Development, Education and others. for the benefit of the residents of the border areas and that he should take action to inform the State Government.
I ask law enforcement to look into this as well.
According to the documents, the department has spent more than T.550 crore to fight against Covid-19 in the State.
They were arrested under the supervision of Rakkam, Finance Secretary of the party, police said.
Therefore, as people who know how to spread new and good things, he spreads new and good things or spreads wisdom.
However, the sad thing among the Christians is that they have divided and divided the Christian churches to the point that it is impossible to count those Christian churches around the world.
It is here that Satan will rule this world for 3 and a half years so that he can fulfill his long-standing desire to be God.
Because of the many elections, the cost is in the tens of crores.
The end of the quarantine depends on the placement, it can be 14 days 15.16 days depending on the placement and order, and after the end of the quarantine and all the facts, the They can go out to work again and be with their family members as usual.
Perhaps there may be a misunderstanding on the part of the village about our intention".
My friend told me, yes, you just have to pay Rs 5,000.00 – 10,0
A Chief Inspector of Police in West Khasi Hills, who did not want to be named, said that if the government can set up three more police stations in West Khasi Hills, crime such as drug trafficking and alcohol abuse will be stopped. Child drugs, crime, rape of women and children, theft and even robbery will be much less.
Then, there was another Longkmie who had the same purpose.
The BSF has denied the allegation by the Bangladesh troops that it opened fire on the Bangladeshis and said it may have been an act of the villages to protect themselves.
The new members of KSU Barato Unit include Ehboklang Sten President, Titos Shadap Vice President, Ready Shadap General Secretary, Pynshongdor Sten Assistant General Secretary, Pynkyrhai Sten Organizing Secretary, C.Tyngkan Sports Secretary, Nihun Sten Finance Secretary, Education Secretary Marki Pala, PA System Incharge, Conscience Tmung as Advider and about 14 members.
Mewothi Gatphoh, Vice-President, Rtn.
In a statement, the Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills District, Nongstoin said that all individuals/groups/organisations/etc. should follow and obey the guidelines. who has the authority and who can give permission for the holding of any 'Dohkha Competition' within the West Khasi Hills District.
The Pyneh Rngiew rally was held in accordance with the rules and regulations issued by the authorities, without too many people attending the rally, but the rallies were only the office bearers of the Pyneh Rngiew. The Executive Committee, the Tymmen U San Committee, members of Lum Sohpetbneng, the leaders of the Sein Raij Shillong and Jowai, the leaders of the Circles and branches of the Seng Khasi.
India, which has traveled more than 75 years since independence, will now move from the old Legislative Assembly to a new Legislative Assembly with a capacity of up to 1,280 members if the MPs of the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha sit together.
She urged the council to think carefully on this issue and take any decision that will not affect the jaidbynriew because as the council it has the right to protect the land of the jaidbynriew.
Shillong: The NEFFIP, a group of several Sengbhalang in the North Eastern Region of India, has issued a public statement of concern and explanation over the recent developments affecting the North Eastern Region. uniqueness of indigenous communities in this region.
he won the bronze medal in the Shotput event.
Shullai together with several party leaders also requested his fellow member Bah AL Hek who is a member of the Cabinet and MLA of Pynthorumkhrah to support the establishment of Fenela. He also urged the former president of the party, Bah Ernest Mawrie, to abandon the campaign and to cooperate with them.
He urged the members of the Village Water Sanitation Committees to cooperate in the implementation of this scheme within the stipulated timeframe and urged the people to take care and ensure that there will be no damage and the destruction of the environment by refraining from burning forests and to take action if such destruction is found because such destructive activities will affect the environment and if we cannot take action it will bring loss to us because the greatest battle that awaits us in the years to come will be the battle of water supply.
Finally, Anjali told Bikash, who is the man she loves, about the incident and shared the pictures of her loved ones on his mobile. Sandip and it was on the basis of these photographs that the couple planned to meet Sandip and agreed to meet in Guwahati, on 4th June 2023, where Sandip, occupied a room. Bikash also booked a room in the same hotel.
Other speakers included C. Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner as Chief Guest, Pius Marweiñ, MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency and Chairman of Ranikor Constituency Development Committee (RCDC), Bah GG. Mr. Snaitang, President of UDP Ranikor Circle.
The wind also blows that the month of October stands at the door to greet us human beings if we remember the four seasons and the 13 months of the year.
The first century was a time of distress for Christians because they were persecuted by the Jews and the ancient Roman Empire.
We also expect that the meeting also discussed the issues of seeds, training, market, price of mur, transportation of seeds and so on which are important issues related to the farmers and agriculture and a clear answer on how to overcome these challenges.
Unfortunately, this Syiem's ​​house in Jaintiapur has been destroyed because there is no one to look after it.
This road has been left unconstructed for many years and now even the existing color road has turned into a stone road and some parts have been filled with snow and ice.
The Expert Committee should do its part to revise the Reservation Policy and the Prime Minister will clarify on this matter”.
He said the government should speak clearly on the rules it has adopted because teachers are now in a state of dissatisfaction while in the teaching profession.
The DC has also promised to look into the issue of the increase in the price of food items in the area.
The writer offered a low price to the photographer and in the writing, he took the photographer around, to shoot his photographs and on the journey, which lasted for many hours. The writer was very tired and hungry, but when no one gave him food or drink, he became very angry and deleted all the pictures in his camera.
There were 242 target shooters in the 7th North East Zonal Shooting Championship.
Mawphor: What is your opinion on the talent of the youth of the North East? Thouba: There are many youth in this region who know how to swim, but there are still few who can take part in the competitions.
Ma OR Shallam said that the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma should take action against the garbage dumping in Jowai after the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) failed to collect the garbage collected at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Key Results:First round: Men’s singles: N Djokovic beats A Kovacevic by 6-3, 6-2, 7-6(1); R Baptist Agut defeated Y Wu by 7-6(4), 6-1, 6-1; F Fognini defeated F Auger-Aliassime 6-4, 6-4, 6-3; C Norrie defeated B Pair by 5-7, 6-4, 6-3, 1-6, 4-6.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. B. Marweiñ, Vice Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, said that the cases of suicide include those who have already taken their own lives. those who want to take their own lives and those who think of killing or taking their own lives.
Think carefully as a nation whether we want to fall or allow such things to spread in our state which is a country of tipbriew tipblei or whether we just put these words in our minds without da i you come.
Shillong, November 11, 2023: Khliehriat West YWSC will play against Thangskai Tiger SC and Dhana SC will play against Moolamanoh SC. Shillong, November 11: U Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, who has served for 20 years as a member of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) and retired leader of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), on Saturday announced that he is still in office. I have a desire to continue my service to the country and the nation through politics.
The Seng has urged all the Waheh Shnongs not to distribute the syrnot of the residents, especially to foreigners.
The Poshan Maah is the target of the Government of India since 2018 to alleviate the shortage of nutritious food for poor mothers as well as for children.
Meanwhile, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, who led the delegation, said that the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled is in the hands of Parliament and it is hoped that it will do so in the Legislative Assembly in November. this year.
The AASU strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the police should be punished.
With the help of the Mudra Yojana, more than 7 crore people have been involved in self-employment for the first time. 70 percent of the loans provided are for women self-employed.
Immediately, the Shongknor asked the accuser, “Isn't it true that the honorable Nongmihkmat translates by himself? And the petitioner replies that the translation was done by the staff of the Assembly and he too accepts the translation as it is.
The International Boxing Association (IBA) has announced that the 2024 Women's World Boxing Championships will be held in Astana, Kazakhstan.
He said that the rally organized by the VHP on the 2nd of this month has angered the party and the nation as a whole.
The union demanded that the authorities should immediately punish these policemen who have disrupted the peace and order.
“If we can't and don't know how to govern ourselves, let's go back to Assam and not just give the keys to Nagpur or Delhi,” he said.
The number of cases in India in the past 24 hours has risen to 3.57 lakh, bringing the total number of cases to 2.02 crore.
Don't wait for government jobs because they may not come soon.
The severe cold weather has severely affected the movement of people, including those who go to office, those who go to their day jobs and also those who go to the election campaign. ; in which many have to wear warm clothes, because the cold, has affected the bodies of the people, especially the elderly.
In the tug of war, Rangblang Area won the title against MCSEPAC 2-0
He said the purpose of this is to prevent problems related to the need to replace batteries and others.
“The people of Hynniewtrep have been left in darkness and confusion because of the misunderstanding of the Opposition Party (ARPA) on the VAB. and the Constitution of the country and the laws of the country, will further mislead the people,” said Bah James Sylliang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: The Government has declared a public holiday on the 21st of this month in the 32-Nongstoin Constituency so that the people can cast their votes.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Two civil society organizations from West Khasi Hills, the KSU Nongstoin Circle and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have met with the Deputy Commissioner of WKH to seek clarification on the Aadhar number.
During the three-day Youth Convention, the youth adopted the theme for 2024, which is taken from the Letter of the Apostle Paul to Ephesians 6:1 “YOU CHILDREN BE OBEY TO YOUR MOTHER YOUR FATHER IS THE LORD"
Shillong, March 20: To express their commitment to building society and maintaining the cleanliness of the environment, the Yes Earth Youth Corps and Rotary Club Shillong Heritage have taken part in a cleanliness drive. Umshyrphi on Saturday.
Those who registered their nomination papers before 12 noon today were Bah HS Shylla from the Khasi Hills District Alliance (KHDA); Your name is Grace Mary Kharpuri.
The completed buildings were inaugurated on November 7, 2012.
Other constituencies where the party does not have MLAs are Sohra, Mawthadraishan and Mawkynrew.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle has said that after consulting on the strengthening of the Khasi culture, it is time to introduce a law to strengthen the Khasi culture. .
In the Ejahar, the plaintiffs said that a group led by Banjop Maring, from Mawkyrdep, Raid Madan Kyrdem and August Nongrum from Umktieh, not only attacked them, but also threatened them. spirit to them.
The blind have eyes, but they cannot see.
Shillong: A day after the Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Mamata Banerjee on November 13 launched the scheme to provide special funds to all women in the country. Thousands of women in Meghalaya have registered for the Women Empowerment Schemes (WE card) scheme. The Trinamool Congress has won the 2023 elections in Meghalaya.
The KSU has informed that during the inspection in the past few months of the shops selling sha on the 13th June 2023, it was found that the shops are using the right tyndong lyer. to clean and tiew in the houses and this is against the law.
The new vote will be held on 2nd June
It is here that the people have been deceived, deceived by those who do not love the country and the Jaidbynriew, but it is here that the sellers of the country and the sheep have forgotten the country and the country. 'Nation' for lust for power.
Some of the players said that they cannot do anything and they have to obey the orders of the police because they cannot play and fulfill their duties.
She said that she has already spoken to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on this incident and he has promised to send for the construction of the market as soon as possible so that the shopkeepers can get a new market.
According to information received from the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, East Khasi Hills, in 2013-14, it earned T.45,150 and in 2014-15 it earned T.43,8
Jersey Kings tied 126 runs in 13.4 overs for the loss of two wickets.
He said that the KHADC has had to address a new issue and that is the cleaning of the synrums besides the power to preserve and protect the culture and traditions of the people.
By Philip MarweinKhlek The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) will hold a mass protest in Shillong on the 5th of next month.
At the same time, he said that he will work according to the vision and blueprint which he has already prepared and the party has no right on this.
In a tweet, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that relief has been distributed to the flood victims in South West Khasi Hills today.
In another match, Ri-Bhoi DCA had to start the match with a draw against East Jaintia Hills DCA. Tura won the toss and elected to bat first for 107 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 35.1 overs.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong has closed its golden jubilee celebration in a colorful atmosphere.
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills, two from West Jaintia Hills and one each from West Khasi Hills.
Ri Bhoi United scored the second goal through Aibiang Nongneng in the 72nd minute and Meban Wahlang in the 85th minute. part to win the victory.
When asked about the issuance of NOC for the railway line, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that regarding the issuance of NOC for the construction of the railway line, as decided in the past, Nongstoin MLA Gabriel Wahlang has said that the Congress will not support the MDA 2.0 led by the NPP. Gabriel's remarks came after many comments on the Congress' support for the NPP in KHADC which has led to the collapse of the Executive Committee led by the UDP. The NPP has dissolved after Rambrai-Jyrngam MDC Bajop Pyngrope filed a no confidence motion against the EC under the leadership of Titosstarwell Chyne.
On the other hand, Arif Mohammad expressed his happiness and said that this day is a memorable day because the Prime Minister has sent up to 500 kilos of sohpieng to the Minister. Chief Minister of Tripura.
“The Garo people living in the Khasi Hills have the same rights as the Khasi people, but since the implementation of the Reservation Policy in 1972, the Garo people living around the Khasi Hills have the same rights as the Khasi people. The Khasi people have lost 80% of the Reservation Policy allocated to the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo people,” they added.
UDP Women's Wing Secretary Slinda Syngkrem said that the Women's Wing has tried to strengthen the party and will continue to work harder for the UDP to win a glorious victory.
I also wonder why those Government employees who work in the DTO office don't say anything when the Dalals come forward to explain the needs of the people and those who act and sit in the seats as Government employees? Isn't this the involvement of Government employees in the DTO office from the youngest to the oldest? If they are involved, the Government should punish them according to the rules of law so that illegal activities, fraud and theft will not be able to spread in Government offices and society. of our state.
The District Administration has taken responsibility to ensure that no problems will arise and has held talks with the District Authorities of Assam to maintain the status quo. to be divided on both sides.
The issues include the government to set up a Farmer Commission, to demand that the government declare 2019 as the Year of the Farmers; The Government has decided to introduce a law to ban and prohibit traders who illegally cut kilos of agricultural products, not to cut prices by implementing the Minimum Support Price (MSP). and to facilitate the marketing of agricultural products especially for export to Bangladesh, to allocate more funds to the Ministry of Agriculture and government departments related to the farmer and to provide seeds, to provide experts to manage crops in the event of pest diseases, to introduce an Agriculture Policy, to implement a Crop Insurance Scheme, to teach farmers to produce their own seeds of all kinds of crops, forgive farmers' debts and provide assistance on natural disasters.
Milan Rani Jamati, member of the mancha, said that this is not an issue only for certain church groups or ethnic groups, but to prevent them from benefiting from the to Christian.
This means the study of caves.
Speakers included the former President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah RM Bamon, the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah S. Ryngkhlem, the General Secretary of KSU Narpuh Circle. of the Jaintia Students Union, Samla Treibor.
It was after the joining of Capt W Sangma to the Congress party that the APHLC collapsed in 1976, when four leaders resigned from the post of Minister, such as BB Lyngdoh, SDD Nichols Roy. , PR Kyndiah and DD Pugh resigned at that time, while the leader to resign was Bah BB Lyngdoh.
“The 13th is the day when we will register the marriage of our candidate and the 16th is the day when we will visit Kiaw's house to the District Council,” he said.
“However, the KHADC will wait for the decision of the meeting and the District Council will take a decision on what to do, but we stand firm on the ground that we will not issue NOC. to build the railway line at Byrnihat,” he said.
They also demanded that they should be given a letter of appointment, ID, handkerchiefs, footwear, headgear, and other items to be used while on duty.
Nongpoh, July 27: The District Authorities of Ri-Bhoi District have taken part in the celebration of the 14th National Voters Day on the 25th of this month at the office of the Deputy Commissioner under the theme “Nothing like voting”. which is also the birthday of the Election Commission of India.
After the attempt of the central government to introduce the CAB, after the implementation of the NRC it has become more necessary and urgent to implement the ILP. The ILP is needed and the government should implement it as soon as possible before any injury occurs.
When asked how much the cost of opening the new Sub-Division will be, Prestone said it will cost T.20 crore.
Besides, NEEPCO has also reduced the supply of electricity to MeECL because it too has faulty machinery and this has increased the burden on MeECL. “I don't want to provide electricity to MeECL,” said the Principal Secretary.
One is the need for schools to provide buses for children.
“For decades we have received the same salary of 1000 tyngka per month, how much more will we accept,” said Union President Bilin Kurbah.
After the training session, the farmers were taken to KVK Farm to witness with their own eyes various demonstrations such as Vermicomposting Unit, Oyster Mushroom, Buckwheat, Azolla Culture Unit and especially how to grow jhur inside the polyhouse. Explanation by Bah H Sungoh, Farm Manager, KVK.
The three factories were found guilty and fined after they started operating without a CTE according to a report submitted to NGT last year.
Singh said the meeting also discussed the state of peace and order in the state especially in Garo Hills.
Farmers may remember that in one cup of riewhadem there are seeds of stem and red, or of another colour.
One of the writers of the SRT at that time had already written that within 30 years that the SRT child would grow up, and when he was young he would overcome the evil habits of the wicked and the unrighteous. protection of the nation.
Shillong, June 09: The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAGI) has recommended to the State Government to close down the Meghalaya Electronics Development Corporation Limited (MEDCL), a public sector enterprise (PSE). ) which has not been operational since 2006.
The border areas to be resolved in the second phase are Khanduli and Psiar, Block 1 and Block 2, Borduar, Langpih, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Desh Doomreah.
The second paragraph (dk.2) is very important because the questioners in the SSLC Examination like to set questions from this paragraph.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, RB Shadap, President RBDSA, members and leaders of various political parties attended the reception held at the DTO office, Nongpoh. .
The JAC took this decision at a public meeting held on the same day at Shallang and the next day on the second day of the month the decision of the JAC came into force in the area. On receiving information about the incident, the reporter tried to reach the area and found that all the coal trucks had turned away from the Riangdo-Athiabari road and headed slowly towards the Riangdo-Athiabari road. on the Shallang-Nongshram-Denaidubi road.
In human beings, it is not enough to be selfish.
The Lady Mary Joy 3 was from Zamboanga City in Mindanao Island and was bound for Jolo Island in Sulu when it caught fire for unknown reasons. night of Tuesday.
“There are many schemes related to Mawhati which have been suspended, the MLA scheme is the SRWP. Julius to those who have received the Work Order but have not yet received the money, I don't want to hold it is his right, I will release him,” said Bah Dasakhiat. 2015-16, 2016-17.
Lower Gizang will be transferred to Assam.
In fact, the dedication and sacrifice of oneself for the good and welfare of the nation is the bloodline of its life and distribution.
There are also cases where there is discrimination and discrimination against day labourers, small traders and market vendors.
After receiving a complaint, police have arrested the two suspects and charged them under the provisions of the law. fact.
"Rev JJM Nichols Roy has spoken fearlessly to express the aspirations of the people and especially the Khasi and also expressed the precious nature of the Khasi people without racial discrimination or ethnic discrimination. There is no difference, but all are one.
The SELCO Foundation is also working with the state government through the Aspirational District Program NITI AYOG, which aims to provide care to poor women and children according to the latest technology and to prevent them from being affected by the time. and to strengthen special care for young children.
They also demanded that the government should be active and smart to curb the increase in violence against women and children in the state and to punish those involved.
He also acknowledged that once the final MoU between the two states is signed, the border dispute will become a matter and the credit will go to the present government.
At the meeting, Dr. Mukul congratulated the Shillong Muslim Union for bringing together this collection of information in the form of writing. It is also a sign of respect for former President Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam.
According to information received by this reporter, the raid by the Bangladesh border guards happened at 2:10 pm, when the Bangladeshi troops, has smuggled into India, in order to stop the people who were planning to improve the road.
ANLA Chairman Mikkim Achik, in a statement today, said that the government has set a limit that trucks cannot carry more than 9 tonnes of coal but the trucks continue to violate the limit. you're the law.
“Earlier we saw an increase in electricity tariff but now MeECL has increased the tariff to T.4 and this has affected the income of MeECL which has reached Rs 1 crore in just six months,” he said. said Mr. Pangniang.
Nature is often referred to by scientists as 'mother nature'
Shillong: Although the actions of Amit Shah have upset and angered the political parties and even the Government Ministers, the Minister of Home Affairs who visited Shillong on the 23rd of this month On July 2021, he did not meet with anyone to discuss the ILP due to the delay, but the Minister of Home Affairs invited the political parties and the MDA government to come to Delhi in June to discuss the issue. to discuss in more detail all the issues affecting the State of Meghalaya.
They said that when they left home to work in the timber factories, the electricity was not off when they started working for a few hours.
The court will hear the case again on October
The Kynsai Football Program started on 4th June at the Artificial Turf Ground at Diengshynrum, East Jaintia Hills District with the participation of 200 children in the Under-10, 12 and Under-12 categories. 14 and 16 .
" said the Rangbah Shnong.
Khliehriat, Nailur, 01: Two youths from East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Arkijuh Dkhar and Bah Becare Me O Nongtdu, have expressed their concern over the increase in electricity bill in East Jaintia Hills District. District, on this issue, have raised the question, who will be blamed, as it seems that there has been a lot of concern among the people who use electricity.
(5) The opportunity is open to you to satisfy and increase what you can attract customers.
The village authority has decided to find ways and means to encourage these children to avoid drinking alcohol.
“For dust you are and to dust you will return.
I also advise parents who send their children to school to work with the teachers.
These members of KSU WKHDU, together with KSU Mawshynrut Circle, held a flag raising ceremony at Riangdo and also waited for the Prime Minister to inaugurate the foundation stone of Mawshynrut Civil. Sub Division to show and express their strong opposition to the railway line which is planned to be brought to Ri Khasi.
Sur Ka Bri U Hynniewtrep has called for a wreath laying ceremony at Mawlai Bus Stand, Mawdatbaki on the 13th. to protest against the government's failure to release the report of the inquiry team into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield.
He said it is not easy to shape the sports sector in a short period of time and it requires cooperation and advice.
The salary of Nurse, LLB, B.Pharm has been increased to T.25000/- per annum, that of Bsc, Bcom, BA has been increased to T.20000/- per annum. The fee for class XI and XII has been increased to T.15000/- per annum.
Other speakers included PK Agrahari, Range Forest Officer, I/C Jowai Wildlife Range, S Law. Chairman of Langdoh Longlang Community Reserve, Rikut Parien, N Laloo, MFS, Divisional Forest Officer and M. Suchiang, Forest Pleader.
Other MDCs who lost include Gigur Myrthong from Mawshynrut, Alvin Khyriem from Mawsynram, Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Sohryngkham and Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong MDC from Mawshynrut. Grace Kharpuri MDC from Nongshken and Teibor Pathaw MDC from Mawlai.
God loved Israel but they rejected the living God, they rebelled against God, they rejected the covenant between God, they offended God.
Regarding the parking spaces, Rgh DL Nongbri said that at this time it has been prepared thoroughly and urged the relatives to cooperate with the assistants. whereby they shall believe and obey the instruction to them to park their vehicles in the places which have been prepared.
The DC of West Khasi Hills said that at this meeting, they also received a notification from the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government, that the notification has been cancelled. KHADC which has given permission for the competition.
Therefore, in order for drivers to be careful and injuries to people to be reduced and especially to avoid tragic incidents, drivers should be careful and careful when driving, Not only that, the public should also know how to use the road even for pedestrians to avoid any injuries and tragic incidents.
In another match, Sohryngkham SC and Laitlyngkot SC shared 10 points after a 1-1 draw.
Shillong, June 16: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) has sent a letter to the State Government to allow the schools in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to stop studying. The Khasi Author Society (KA) is a group of scholars from the state which has sent a request to the Government of India to approve the Khasi language for all subjects in schools up to Class-XII. the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Baphra Schedule of the Constitution of India.
For those who have traveled abroad and those who have returned, it is seven days, he said.
According to the agreements, any jobs that the state residents can do should be given to them first, but here it has been seen that this is not the case.
The party founded by Bah Paul Lyngdoh (who is now in the UDP) is now in the ICU and we will wait for the 2023 elections. keep your spirit or they will end it.
Dr. Tej Wundawalli Asst Professor, Department of Hospital Administration gave a PowerPoint Presentation and a documentary, which was well received by the audience.
Shillong: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has announced that it will hold the U-12 and U-14 Football Tournaments 2018-19 for all the clubs affiliated to the SSA. November 2018 and SSA affiliated clubs who wish to participate can contact the office bearers on working days from 5.11.18 for details.
“Regarding other infrastructure, he said that a consultant has been invited to prepare the Master Plan and mapping the tourist spots in South West Khasi Hills. Finally, he congratulated all those who came to participate and took part in this good initiative and hoped that the work will be done successfully. you can't play chess.
Therefore, make proper use of your skills and knowledge to protect against the violation of the rights of the people and not to become enemies or opportunists but against the rights of the people.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, expressed his satisfaction to have this opportunity once again to launch the development works of the MLA Scheme for the year 2021-2 There are 73 types of schemes in collaboration with the BDO Office of Mawkyrwat C&RD Block.
This reply came after the state government asked the Kashari High Court why they did not go out to earn money on the day of the HNLC curfew on 27th June.
I am also confident that the government will punish those who deserve to be punished according to the findings of the Commission headed by retired Judge Justice T Vaiphei on the shooting death of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, General Secretary. rim of the HNLC"
Besides fighting to protect the environment by fighting against pollution, it is also necessary for each of us to fight to change our lifestyle from the way we eat, to how we dispose of garbage. nier that of you.
After receiving information about the incident in Upper Shillong, this reporter went to inspect the scene and found that it was true.
They held a sit-in from 10 am to 2 pm and decided to continue the strike next month if the state government does not listen to their demands. .
Shillong, Nailar 04 : The Government will consider whether it is necessary to bring and pass a resolution to ensure that the mining of uranium will not be allowed in the state, said the Chief Minister. media outlets this Friday.
The tournament was attended by various teams from Khatarshnong.
Nongpoh, November 11: Zarienia Rapsang of Ladsharai has won the 1st Miss Umsning Constituency 2022 contest organized by Mawbyrsiew. 2nd Runners Up out of 14 youths who took part in the competition.
He urged the people to avoid these songs and dances which bring forty kinds of things to deceive but for three years the people will be deceived.
Yellow lettuce: Yellow lettuce lowers blood cholesterol and protects against cardiovascular diseases.
“Laitumkhrah is not a place to come with drunkenness and disturbance, if they don't do these things at home why do they come here?”, said the statement.
In a statement, the church leaders of the Presbyterian Church Mynso invite and welcome all the faithful especially on the Lord's Day.
In this regard, the SP of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Nongtnger, urged the residents of the area to be vigilant against such exploiters, as this person is not only She said that she has promised to recruit these posts but she has also promised to recruit people in the current police post.
For Ribhoi district, the committee will include the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Home Police etc. as the Chairman, along with Bah Sothenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, who is also the Chief Whip. Mayralborn Syiem MLA Umroi Constituency, Damanbait Lamare MLA Umroi Constituency, Charles Marngar MLA Mawhati Constituency and Executive Members Jambor War as Member and Deputy Commissioner of Ribhoi. District.
The organizers informed that the date of the final will be announced later.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The BSF Meghalaya has sent a public statement through the media regarding the assault on the Officer Incharge of Muktapur Veterinary Dispensary, Dr. Seiboklang Buam by the BSF personnel. happened on Sunday this week.
This statement by Bah Amazing to the newspaper Nongsaiñ Hima came after people through comments on YouTube asked where Bah Amazing is.
A little bit here about the Brahmaputra River to get an idea.
One of the youths, who was present at the meeting, pointed to a doctor, saying, “Mame doctor, you will be arrested, for forcing a person to act against his life, for forcing people , don't wear masks"
Speaking to reporters after the meeting to discuss the 20-item program of the central government, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, confirmed that the mining of shyiap cannot be stopped but the government you want to create rules that don't allow you to spread the word.
Regarding Hazlewood, who has now won the title, although he is the player who has failed to participate in the entire ODIs tour of the team to India which includes four ODIs. With three Test matches and three ODIs, he has now become number one in the world in the current rankings for the first time.
The election should have been held by voting, but after Bah Mawsor, withdrew from the contest, Bah Nongrang, won, without the need to vote with Teilinia Thangkhiew, who The Speaker of the House announced that Bah Nongrang has won without the need to vote.
The Tournament Committee invites all the football fans of the area to witness the first semi-final.
The answer is that to protect the environment, there needs to be unity from all sides, including the government, residents, officers and civil society.
“We have discussed various issues with the churches as pillars of society, but this should not be seen or understood as a political meeting.
We find them working on airlines, in various companies in Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai and Kolkata.
According to the 2011 Census, the number of non-tribals in Shillong is: Hindu 41.95 Muslims 4.89 Sikhs 1.14 Buddhists 0.74 Jains. reached 80 %.
During the rally, they shouted to condemn the Governor for the delay in signing the MRSSA ordinance and also condemned the Union Home Minister Amit Shah for not signing the MRSSA ordinance. he did not think of the rights of the people of the North East and brought the CAB in the Legislative Assembly of the country.
Does the Government have any plans to improve the District? This government of Conrad Sangma has played and treated our Jaintia Hills in almost all aspects.
He said that for those dogs that have been infected, we should go to the Veterinary Hospitals, Dispensaries or Clinics to give injections and vaccines so that they can avoid the disease. and for miaw, it is also necessary to give these injections regularly.
Maradona died at the age of 60 last month from a heart attack at his home in Buenos Aires.
The BRI Liga, which hosts the tournament, has announced that it will suspend the tournament for 10 days after the 3-2 win over Persebaya. The Football Association of Indonesia (PSSI) said that the match resulted in a bloodbath.
The Seng has unanimously decided to hold a protest on the 17th November 2021 at the Opposite Governor's Office Shillong from 11 am.
The North East Region Power System Improvement Project (NRP) was the issue of electricity supply in the North Eastern Region of India. NERPSIP) through the Government of India, to expand and strengthen those transmission networks, to expand or strengthen reliable communication and to increase the number of transmission stations Hydro plants and other problems faced by the states due to the shortage of electricity.
Every day, vehicles have to stop at Umshyrpi Bridge to petrol pumps at Anjalee, Rhino, Civil Hospital and other places in the city.
The Dy CEM said that according to the rules, if the government does not release all the funds within 15 days, it will have to pay the interest.
The two players also led the state to the sub-junior national before joining Bengaluru in
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has once again decided to postpone the Monolith Festival to October
Praising the initiative taken by Bah Samborlang Diengdoh to hold a free medical camp especially to raise awareness to help those who are addicted to drugs and alcohol, he said that this is the initiative of Bah Samborlang Diengdoh. it’s a job that demands praise.
Babu Birbor Riangtem from Langdongdai, Nonglang Sirdarship, West Khasi Hills is one of the teachers who has been dismissed from his job by the Government. .
Sampath Kumar, Principal Secretary, Health Department, Government, said that those who go abroad in search of employment should strictly observe the rules and regulations. protect against covid.
If our women's unions are not to see evil, not to listen to evil and not to speak evil, the world will be a paradise for us,” said the priest.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District, in the fight against drugs, have arrested four persons with 51.03 kilos of heroin in the fight against drugs in the district on Thursday night.
The reason for the relocation of the venue to protest against the CAB is because it is not appropriate to use a sound system near the statue of Kiang Nongbah, as this venue is near the Civil Hospital.
As explained above, the election proposal as usual includes the foundation of the political party in general and the political and social structures for the country/state and the public about.
This is a major problem for the residents.
“The purpose is to get the opinions of many before taking a decision to demand from the state and central governments as well as from the Autonomous District Councils to implement the issues we have set. HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin told reporters after the meeting.
To accuse the Government of not doing anything or having any knowledge about the problems of teachers is not right,” he said.
To protect the living things, the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has decided to take strong action against those who damage the environment and also the waters within the boundary of Lapangap.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: A mother has lodged a complaint with the police that her daughter has stolen T.80,000 from her residence at Ladtha Laboh, Jowai.
Speaking at a meeting held at Nongpoh on 4th July, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Government of Meghalaya, said that as the Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Supply in the State Government, He has struggled to provide drinking water to all the people in the state.
The meeting was attended by the DSP Ri Bhoi, DTO, Nongpoh, NAHAI officers, ILFS officers, Truck Owners Association, Jaintia Hills, Sumo Association Nongpoh and Auto Association Nongpoh.
It is worth mentioning that recently, many Longkmie from different villages in the Raid Raid Madan Kyrdem, have come out and held a meeting, to discuss the issue of the embezzlement of money. They said that the total number of people who have lost their money and those who have not received their passbooks has reached 10 lakh tyngka.
Shillong: There have been 153 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
The potassium content of this vegetable helps to lower blood pressure which leads to a healthy blood pressure, reduces the risk of stroke, kidney stones and with Type-2 diabetes.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today has risen to 532, while 366 people have recovered and four people have died.
The survey will cover about 1,100 women aged 18 years and above in all 11 districts of the state.
This scheme should be modeled on the provisions of the National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) or commonly known as the 100 days scheme.
Not only that, police have also arrested eight persons, including women, who were involved in seducing girls into prostitution.
The Bible teaches us that we must put God first in our Christian life and life.
The welcome ceremony was attended by the National President Conrad Kongkal Sangma and the National Vice President Prestone Tynsong. , MLAs of the Party and others.
He said that it is the duty of his children to pay the debt in order to release him from going to hell and to pay the debt. I've paid my parents.
At the same time, he urged the Assam Police not to use excessive force against the Khasi Pnar residents in the border areas. authority from the District Council through the Sanad which contains markets and schools.
Other Bollywood stars who attended the event included Alia Bhatt, Kareena Kapoor Khan, Saif Ali Khan, Karisma Kapoor, Salman Khan and Vidya Balan.
“What magic do they have to accomplish these works in a few days? This matter is still in court, and they are only talking nonsense to respect the court.
Superior Kerosene Oil Dealers shall be subject to Notification No.SUP.100/89/Pt.
Shillong: U Bah Hamletson Dohling, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, on Tuesday said that he is surprised to learn that Jail Road does not have a public toilet despite being a place with many shops.
The competition will start on November 8th.
Such an act would be a violation of a person's freedom or force to be injected, the court said.
Wasa United beat Dongmihsngi 3-1 in the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) on Tuesday.
On the 21st of July, police raided the suspect and at about 3 pm, they found that he had parked his vehicle inside Dosti Hotel in Ladrymbai. morning they got inside his car.
Lok Sabha MP from Tura, Agatha K Sangma celebrated the beginning of Christmas and distributed checks to the donation committees at the DRDA Conference Hall on November
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said it will send a letter to the Government to urge for the implementation of the Expert Committee on the Reservation Policy.
Please publish chapters 35, 36 and 39 of the Old Testament.
There were 62,258 new cases in India on Tuesday, of which 36,902, or 60 per cent, were from Maharashtra.
According to a statement, the commando of the Imphal East District Police Unit conducted a search operation and arrested Johnson Ashem ( 40 years old) from Thiyam Leikai village – village under the jurisdiction of Lamphel police station.
Why do the Cement Factort Companies reject our young job seekers and allow only foreigners? The reason is that we are not united.
When he went outside I didn't hear anything, but when he came home his legs were bleeding and some parts of his body were covered with blood.
Pradip Kumar, IPS, IG in charge of Meghalaya welcomed the Union Minister of State for Child Development at the Border Out Post in Dawki. The Inspector General of BSF. At this meeting, the Minister of State for Home Affairs was briefed on the challenges faced by the BSF on the border with Bangladesh, in the fight against smuggling, in the At the same time, they took measures to curb these smuggling activities. At this meeting, they praised the BSF troops who have sacrificed their lives to protect the border.
In the junior girls (45 kg), East Jaintia Hills won the gold medal while West Jaintia Hills won the silver medal.
The state has only 41 IAS officers, while according to the allocation there should be 77 IAS officers, of whom only 23 have passed the UPSC, while 18 have been promoted.
There have also been reports in the newspapers and social media that new detention centers have been built in areas including Nelamangala in Karnataka and Navi Mumbai in the state. National.
“It is necessary to send an inquiry by the CBI into the money which the society receives every year from Lafarge Umiam Mining Private Limited,” said Bah Donald in a statement.
On the loss of Robert Hospital, the Pastor said that the MC will have to submit a report once every two years to the General Assembly.
The meeting was conducted by the Vice Chancellor of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU), Bah Robert G Lyngdoh.
Nongpoh, July 23: There are 17 candidates from the Ri-Bhoi District Selection Committee (RBDSCPCA) who have not yet received any appointment from the district authorities. The State Government in the government departments in the district, have expressed their deep sorrow that they have not received any letter of appointment yet.
Awards were also distributed to the winners of the essay writing and drawing competitions held as part of the celebration of Environment Day this year. .
Fish production increased by 30% in 2016-1
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of The.3 lakh and a trophy while the runner-up will receive a cash prize of T. lakh 20,000 along with the trophy and besides these, there will be many other special prizes.
Therefore, for the benefit of the people who own vehicles in the district, the union has demanded that the government should expedite the setting up of a Pollution Center in the district, so that those who own vehicles can to get the benefits and also to control the vehicles that emit excessive amounts of smoke from the vehicles which is a threat to the health and environment.
Bada Tudu, a priest in Uparbeda, said he, along with three of his disciples, had been on hunger strike since morning.
According to sources, five police officers were injured in a clash with foreign tourists at Villa Park in Birmingham on Friday night.
The former Rajasthan minister has alleged that his wife and son have treated him badly by not giving him enough food, throwing him out of the house and causing him to Vishvendra Singh demanded that they pay T.5 lakh per month for his treatment and demanded that they leave. from the house, which is the right of the inheritance.
the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council – which means the disgrace of the Government as a whole.
The forms can be obtained from the office of the District Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District during office hours.
These are the advice of the teacher to the young men and women and the future generations to remember well in the future.
Secretary- Research Law.
It is worth mentioning that the state government has called for a five-day curfew from 24th October to 29th October, 2020 and was lifted only on 26th October. Narendra Modi has also imposed a 21-day curfew across the country, which is the government's efforts to prevent the spread of the Coronavirus or COVID-1 .
Before the start of the climb to the top of the hill, the Riew Tymmen Riew San of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held a thanksgiving prayer at the gate opposite the Pung Umiam. , where, after witnessing all the signs of the covenant of righteousness, which had already been asked, the mass march began to the clearing of Sohpetbeng.
The borrowing of 0.50 percent of GSDP by the approved States and the funds generated through the special scheme delivered to the States/UTs
Conrad said the purpose is to ensure that the appointment process goes smoothly and therefore to ensure that the appointments go smoothly, the establishment of various Boards will allow the implementation and appointment of product and what is being done now is part of the cycle.
“It is sad to hear the news of the floods in Sikkim.
They have been standing still until these days without the Power Department, which means the state government itself.
“We want the government to expedite this process.
“Economically, citizens are facing a lot of pressure due to rising prices of commodities, petrol and others.
“We will not give up,” said Bah Ardent at a public meeting of the party on the demand that the government should suspend the implementation of the Roster System until it fixes the allocation of jobs in the parking lot. Lot near the Additional Secretariat on Tuesday.
Explaining the need to hold this meeting, Chief Commissioner (OSD) Ronmoy Das said that the time has come for the department to complete its inspection of the applications. money during demonetization.
The Seng urges the district authorities and the government to take action to provide for these shortcomings and if they do not provide, please move the covid checkpoint to near Mandir Sonapur. The President, Shanbor Dhar and General Secretary, Elen Mynthlu, said in a statement, that those who come from abroad will be able to check themselves and can stay and eat at will.
The height of the bridge is about 37 meters and the width of the bridge is about 8 meters.
Besides, if the government takes action to develop our people, the money will stay in the state and will not flow anywhere because it cannot be said that the money is still flowing outside the state.
On 18th November 2023, the CEM of KHADC handed over a truck allocated from the Chief Minister Development Fund for the year 2022-23 at a cost of T.23 lakh, to the Rynjah Village Council.
Everyone looks forward and has to obey the rules of the UDP. This time again, it has lost its dignity because the ethnic parties have gone to thank and pray just to be in the government to get meat. They don't know whether they are in the flesh or in the flesh.
The Mawphlang MLA said that in 2019, Bangladesh has a population of 163.59 million of which Muslims alone account for 89.50 percent or 146.42 million while Hindus account for 9.6 percent or 15.70 million and other ethnic groups. There are 0.90 percent or 1.47 million people.
He also advised the young men and women to avoid these dangerous alcoholic beverages.
In a statement last month, the party denied the allegation that it took the T.40 crore and said it had kidnapped the BDO because he had deceived the Prime Minister.
“If we can get more states, we want and if we can get two or three more states, it would be good but it is not easy to get,” he said.
If the BJP does not come to power, Bah Vincent H Pala has the opportunity to become a minister as in previous years.
These clothes were cleaned and dyed for resale, police said.
It is understood that the reason why Bah Sanbor Shullai, Chairman of the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) has promised to provide a road to the area, is after he saw that the area needs more roads. Pnahkyndeng will become one of the most prominent tourist destinations not only in Ri Bhoi, but in the state as a whole.
“Some states have expressed fears over the dangers of uranium mining but this is not true.
JD(S) leader HD Kumaraswamy will be sworn in as the new Chief Minister of Karnataka on Tuesday at 12.30 pm. look at your destiny.
On the other hand, the office appeals to the public to be patient as the power outage has affected not only the public but also the revenue of the office.
Amos 2:6-16.
Therefore, on the 4th November 2023, the PWD department has already installed these Speed ​​Breakers in both the areas. speeding of vehicles which endangers the residents especially the school children.
There were market days when the Sohra won, and on another market day, the Mawsmai won and so on.
Nongpoh: It will be one of the most unheard of donations in the state, that the leaders will withdraw more than T.9 lakh from their own pockets, for the purpose of helping those who those people, who are facing difficulties and especially at this time of the COVID-19 pandemic.
On 24, 25, 27, 28 and 29th October 2020, commercial vehicles will not be allowed to travel on the highways and only those who have received special permission from the offices of the District Transport Officers (DTOs) will be allowed. State.
Members of the KSU, have gathered at the area for some time, the report said.
Many of the opinion leaders who collect public money why the officers have not done it, the government has not done it.
Three years later I reminded him again but he didn't give me anything.
The Pharisees were the religious leaders who led the crowd blindly.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has allocated about T.55 crore to the KHADC in the last three months since the Executive Committee led by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) was appointed. NPP: The Chief Minister said this while speaking at the Christmas and New Year celebrations of the KHADC at the Council grounds today.
On the other hand, Bah Pynïaid and Bah Teibor Pathaw appreciated the initiative taken by MTAM to promote and promote Muaythai in the State despite the many challenges faced by the MTAM. group meets.
Foreign player Ahireeta Mukherjee (1/12) managed to beat one of Karnataka's players before the end of the match, Vanitha VR, one of the oldest cricketers. outside the Ri.
It is now that Chris has decided that if he stops acting, he will take up the role of director.
Many of the rivers including the Umkhrah River in Shillong carry wastewater and it is impossible to dip your foot in those rivers.
Bishes Chetri was the top scorer for SCA-B with 2/27 in 6 overs.
“The police should look into their own background, rather than accusing us,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary of the party.
The appointment of the Standing Counsel of the Council was made by the CEM without consulting Kong Rona Khymdeit who is in charge of the Law Department.
Mumbai, November 23: Mumbai City FC have signed goalkeeper Bhaskar Roy on a two-year contract.
The HYC alleged that during the inspection, many parts of the road have been damaged due to the excessive cleaning.
All public gatherings such as services, Dorbar Shnongs, meetings, trainings and others have been banned.
EJH Police said that these trucks were seized from Lad-Sutnga during a search operation in the presence of the Magistrate.
Similarly, Laitumkhrah is indeed the most educated constituency in Shillong.
Without a doubt, Thomas Jones, who had experienced a spiritual renewal, was in the midst of the new thinking of that age.
According to a source, the MPCC is waiting for the deadline for receiving applications until the 15th to find out which of the party MLAs have no tickets and will know how to find others.
They also built a school and a temple on this site and claimed that they had land to build them by getting a land permit from the Syiem of Mylliem.
On the other hand, the MHRC said that the lack of assistance to those under quarantine will pose a threat to the spread of the corona virus in the state.
The KSU Laskein Circle strongly condemns the actions of the Assam Police, which have ignored the talks between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Sarbananda Sonowal. The KSU said that their visit has frightened the school children and the public.
Speaking to media, Thabah said that the protests should have been heavy in 2020, but many of the protests have been postponed due to the lack of protests. Covid -19 disease.
Jyoti Basu was previously the longest serving Chief Minister of West Bengal from 21 July 1977 to 6 November 2000 and led the Left Front government for five terms. skip.
The march was a sign against the crime committed by the suspect who allegedly took the life of a human being and is now in the custody of the police.
No entry has been set to enter Iawmusiang from 12:00 pm onwards on the 11th and 12th.
In this regard, Bah Thongni urged the PHE department to take action as soon as possible to repair the water pipes at the Photsohbar well.
We strongly condemn this and we want to see that there should be mutual respect and we urge the Ministers of our state, the MLAs, the KHADC and the Leaders of our Dorbar Trai Ri to please The HYC wants to make it clear that the border demarcation with Assam will be according to the maps. The courts and the boundaries of the Hima Khasi shall not be taken by hand.
“We went to give support to the government because we want a stable government.
On the other hand, Bah John Nongrum urged the law enforcement authorities to take immediate action to stop the illegal activities in the area, he added.
The MHRC has written to the state government through the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police to clarify what has been done about the incident. in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court in November
She won a cash prize of T.10,000 and a trophy.
Romans 25:26.
The HYC has alleged that many Bangladeshis have been selling and trading fish inside the Dawki Market without proper documents.
The fourth phase of ISAC was launched in June 2022 at the Smart Cities-Smart Urbanization program in Surat.
Manish, a resident of Auraiya in Uttar Pradesh, used to smuggle firearms from Madhya Pradesh and sell them to robbers in Delhi and surrounding areas.
Meanwhile, Saleng A Sangma asked whether the government has repatriated the illegal immigrants especially from Bangladesh.
Referring to those who sell in the squares, Titostarwell Chyne said that the council does not have the authority, but it is the district authorities to look after those vendors.
NEEPCO has already sent a notice to MeECL regarding the unpaid bill but MeECL has not yet responded to NEEPCO. He also directed the CM to withdraw up to Rs 620 crore from the funds that Meghalaya should receive as assistance from the CM.
Perhaps if the government can really remove them, no doubt all the parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government are willing to admit that they have been involved with the government which is working to solve the problem. The nation itself wanted it to happen.
For the residents of Ribhoi district and Jaintia Hills district, who wish to attend various trainings at the institute, please contact 9362696876/8 10:00 AM-5:00 PM.The reservation policy in Meghalaya has remained stable and has made the group of more beneficial friends not want to lose the golden opportunity they have now. For 30 years, although they understand that this policy is still discriminatory against the Khasi Jaintia youth.
Amlarem, June 17: Heavy rain and wind for about two months since Thursday night has caused problems and losses to the residents of War Jaintia Amlarem Sub-Division, according to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. One of the elders of the area, Bah K.Pohshna who is the Adviser of the Union of Waheh Shnongs in Mawphor.
Thus, it is almost impossible to find Hynniewtrep even within the borders of the land of A'chik.
The reason is that parents see the way they treat their children with authority as if they have full rights while children see that they should have full freedom.
He said that the party has heard many complaints from the people of Ri Bhoi, regarding the increasing power outages and what is more worrying about this is that it could also affect the people of Ri Bhoi. “Even for the students, because without electricity it is difficult for them to read, especially in the evening,” said Bah Liander Nongshli.
The General Secretary of the San Shnong Welfare Association, Tyrnit Pdein, said that the San Shnong Welfare Association invites all the friends and relatives from near and far to attend the festival.
He also urged the students of class 9 and class 10 to apply for the CM Scholarship which the Chief Minister has recently announced.
JUDGMENT J.M.Shelat, J.1.
Understanding that resources are essential to economic growth, reforms such as the Prime Minister's Gatishakti National Master Plan (NMP) and the National Logistics Policy have focused on the development of resources. in the logistics industry and logistics service offerings for the transportation of goods and the movement of people.
It has been 9 months since they worked together and there are no signs that they will split up.
Shillong: Langsning Football Club will face Jamshedpur FC today at the Alappuzha Municipal Board. JN Stadium, Shillong in the second division league match.
Police said the incident took place in Dalu area of ​​West Garo Hills.
However, from what we have seen in the newspapers, which is shocking, it is understood that the government wants to open schools in the coming months, especially in June-July.
The former HSPDP MLA, who has joined the NPP, was speaking after filing his nomination papers as the NPP candidate for the 2023 MLA election from Sohiong constituency.
Why doesn't the government take such importance?
S.Nongtnger SP WKHD, said that the hard work of the Shallang Police Station, has not resulted in anything, and this evening on Friday evening they have arrested one person. Nongchram Village in Shallang area has been arrested.
How else did the bapli die, other members of the family were also killed? The Indian army uses the slogan 'Tagra Raho' especially at such times, when all those who have in government will continue to move forward in courage to complete the remaining tasks.
The meeting was inaugurated by the Minister in charge of Fisheries, Bah Comingone Ymbon who said that the meeting will benefit the fishermen to increase their income and livelihood. their.
He said that the most difficult time for the residents of the area is when the rainy season comes, when the residents face difficulties in coming and going due to the slowness of the road. tang that the thliew of the syar suda.
The Border Roads Organization (BRO) has covered the names of Kimin and Arunachal on the signboard and the foundation stone with white paint. Rajnath Singh, Minister of State for Home Affairs, on Tuesday visited Kimin on July 17, 2021 to inaugurate the two border roads constructed by the BRO. Four political parties, including the People's Party of Arunachal Pradesh, Janata Dal (United), Janata Dal (Secular) and Congress, have accused Khandu and Rijiju of conspiring. and Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, to hand over Kimin to Assam, which has been approved by the Defense Ministry of the Government of India and allegedly violated the Act. Arunachal Pradesh became a full state in
We also remember with pride the contributions of our heroes, Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma who sacrificed their lives for our freedom.
T.43.13 crore has been released under the State Action Plan for Senior Citizens (SAPSrC) from 2019-20 to 2022-2
These trucks (ML 04 B 8721, ML 04 B 2274, ML 11 2113, ML 05 F 3671 and ML 04 5847) were carrying shyiap to Lakhon Phawa.
As a District Council, it is not included in the Sixth Schedule.
This delay in the work of the officers has caused many problems for the people of the area.
Speeches were also delivered by Prof Don War, Working President of the NPP and Bah Aibor Tynsong, General Secretary of the NPP East Khasi Hills. and has also attracted many leaders from other parties.
The emergence of small and large factories is also one of the causes of pollution of the environment in which we live, whether in the air, water or solid waste.
After the arrest, Mawryngkneng Police have registered three persons under the NDPS Act for further investigation.
Nongpoh, Lber 09: The job of a leader is not only to distribute work orders, distribute blankets, distribute tins of houses, lay the foundation stone, cut ribbons, visit the funeral home, but it is important to be a leader to carry the burden. The shon of the people of the constituency, to convey the problems and needs of the people in the Legislative Assembly especially to make appropriate laws and policies for the development of the state.
Mawkhar SC in the first leg of the 20th leg played 1-0 against Mawlai SC in the 90th minute of the 1st leg. In the first half, Mawkhar won the match, but in the second half, Mawkhar didn't give up and managed to beat Mawkhar.
PHH rice at the price of Rs.3/- (Three Tyngka) per person and 7.215 kilos of Non-NFSA rice per household for those who have Non-NFSA Card. Those households who do not have Ration Card or who have lost their AAY, PHH Card but whose names are still on the List issued by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) Ri Bhoi District to the Fair Price Shop Dealers can get them. to the share as well.
Referring to the situation of the Congress in the three constituencies in West Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut, Rambrai Jyrngam and Nongstoin, it is no longer possible to discuss, as the departure of the leading leaders has affected the party. you party.
Why don't we turn to this ruling party in the central government so that we don't lose our benefits.
The managers of places of worship have also been asked to ensure this.
A rainy house is only a house that is a body that is covered from above but it is no longer suitable to sit in when it rains, so if your body is dirty what will happen to the soul inside? Tattoos These of you who have been injected into the body through the blood vessels also affect your health. Many people create their own knowledge and turn into various diseases.
He also requested the government to recognize the crops especially the rice, kubi and sohsaw as they are the crops that the people use every day. to establish a Minimum Support Price, which will benefit and bring income to the farmers as it has recognized the cultivation of synsar in these markets.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Myrthong said, “The ceremony will go smoothly”.
Let us allow them to live with nature for our own good.
Secondly, as leaders, we should put the people first, while power and seat should come later.
Furthermore, the ban by the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) on the Islamic Research Foundation (IRF) under the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA) 1967 is worth mentioning.
Such incidents do not happen easily, which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
The Kur Phawa Siangshai has urged all the members of the Kur to submit their names as soon as possible and the awarding ceremony will be held at the Kur Dorbar in July 2023 at Mihmyntdu.
Fish ponds do not contribute to fish production in the State.
The suspect was handed over to the Customs Office in Petrapole along with the seized gold.
Through the clothes he was wearing and also the pictures taken by the police, it was confirmed that he was Riki Phawa and the body of him was recovered today for post mortem. The ceremony will be held tomorrow at his village in Kyndongtuber.
In fact, the Government has a system in which the bills are prepared by the SDOs and Junior Engineers (JEs) and the money is released to the Contractors on the basis that the implementation of the work is slow. , he informed.
The NIA team yesterday conducted raids at many places in six states in connection with the incident of riots and disturbances during the visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited Bihar last year, officials said.
On the other hand, regarding the statement by a State Muktiar on the Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act, 1971, the Chief Minister said, “There is no need to teach schools. Land Transfer Act, where it works and where it doesn't work, but it doesn't mean that your words will encourage the Government which is only a Non-Schedule Area, which is a European Ward...to do whatever it wants.
However, other sources said that Dr. Pariong may not contest the mid-term elections because he wants to remember Hopingstone Lyngdoh who was also his leader in politics.
In this regard, the Bench has directed the KHADC and PCB to inspect all the nine buildings to find out whether these buildings are suitable for completion and to consider the method of construction of the buildings. the distance of the Umïam River.
These three brothers and sisters, who used to work in the fields, are far away from the village and have to travel by boat for three hours after that. They walk for three hours, so these young men used to stay overnight in the fields to finish their farming.
She also explained that better food should be provided and better guest houses should be built to attract tourists.
The match today will be between Moosalyngkat FC and Sohmynting at 2 pm.
He also informed that he will set up a Kiosk Banking at the same place where the residents of this area can deposit and withdraw money without having to travel to Mawlai. it was closer.
The question was, “From Class A to 12, I studied well and scored 95% in Physics, Chemistry and Biology.
The KSU has strongly condemned the removal of the Khasi officer from the post and said that if any officer is angry, the door is open for them to leave the state.
We have set a specific target to develop the region in a steady manner,” said Dr Vardhan who plans to visit all the states in the region.
The game will be held at 6:00pm and everyone is welcome to attend free of charge.
On the election issue, Bah Kharkhrang said, “The election issue I put forward is to improve education, health, protect the citizens and unemployment and if we can To improve these issues, the state will improve”.
Civil society, religious organizations, village youth organizations and others want to eradicate or eradicate alcohol.
They are not part of the world.
The NIA has arrested two persons.
Two persons sustained serious injuries to their head and neck.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21 : The (L) Jien Pyngrope Memorial Football Tournament sponsored by the Mawkynrew Cup continued on Monday at Jongksha Stadium.
It was also observed that especially during the rainy season, people from the city and rural areas line up at the cassette shops to buy the songs that please the soul.
After the bomb blast in Beirut yesterday, the Lebanese government has resigned and all its ministers have resigned.
A total of 29 countries exported firearms and explosives to Ukraine in 2022.
Guwahati: The Assam government has allocated 10,000 houses to the state.
Dr Ampareen said that the State does not have more than 1500 sanction posts and added, “We have looked at the steps that can be taken to ensure that the sanction posts will be in accordance with the rules in the country. don't be here".
Calling for cooperation, the union requested the district authorities to take action against the root cause of this illegal activity – it stressed the need to improve the security forces at the borders, the stricter measures, and cooperation to curb the smuggling of supari and other smuggled goods.
The ASHA workers have demanded an increase from Rs 3000 to Rs 5000, but the government has increased it to Rs 10,000 and Rs 4,000 per month.
One of the shortcomings found in the hospital is the lack of water, the lack of doctors and the overcrowding of patients.
To confirm that the CEM will admit that he did not say these words in the Dorbar, journalists today in a meeting with him in his office, asked once again about this statement. When asked who those MDCs and Ministers who urged the Daju not to wear uniforms, u Bah Adelbert Nongrum replied that these speeches he made in the House are unknown. Yes, but he had heard that someone had told him, and he could not tell the names of those MDCs or ministers who wanted to overthrow the Syiem of Mylliem.
On the other hand, Bah BS Sohliya, Deputy Commissioner, informed that the Final Electoral Roll of the four Constituencies has been released on 01.01.2024 through the Registration of Electors Rules, Those who wish to inspect for details may visit the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Election Branch) and the Polling Stations during working hours.
The NPP has also taken advantage of this border settlement as it is the ruling party and we see that the Chief Minister Conrad Kongkal Sangma, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, MLAs and The NPP MDCs have said that it is a brave party and willing to take up the border reconciliation issue which has been going on for 50 years.
The President of the KSU was speaking at a memorial service for Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem on his 183rd death anniversary at Iewrynghep Square.
Therefore, action needs to be taken and thorough inspection in order to overcome those problems.
As part of this scheme, Ms Phawa said that the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), EKHD will conduct this training in seven batches or groups of 30 to There are no volunteers.
Roy said the Railways has deployed people from many states including Odisha, West Bengal, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Bihar, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu to search and find many. Two people are still missing after the incident.
The Minister said that the Integrated Farming System or IFS (three levels) will be implemented in 20 villages of the six districts of the state under FOCUS. Mizoram is one of the states in the North Eastern Region of India where most of the population depends on agriculture.
Shillong, Lber 24: A petrol pump in Nongrim Hills near Rynjah has collapsed this afternoon.
Speaking on the relationship between health and environment, the Prime Minister said that clean air, safe drinking water, nutritious food, and safe shelter are the main components of health.
He said that five persons have received a pass to attend the registration, where they are allowed to attend for one trip and one person to sit in one room. car.
Speaking on the occasion, CEM Teinwell Dkhar said, “Dr Donkupar Roy's disappointment is that he has not yet been able to achieve the South East Khasi Hills. Bastad is a strong man and doesn't turn away from parties.
Expressing their strong opposition to the Ubiattendance Website/App, they said that the teachers will continue not to use the App as a sign of protest.
The semifinals of the second division will be held on 27 and 28 November, while the invitation football will be held on 29 and 30 November.
He said that besides strengthening the party, they also demanded from the government to upgrade the Usmning C&RD Block to Civil Sub Division. Umsning CHC to Civil Hospital and also to build a Central Agricultural University in Kyrdemkulai and not a College of Agriculture.
The Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah Alexander Laloo Hek, today said that the African Swine Flu (ASF) has not yet spread widely across the state. .
