The second reason is because their parents have not yet understood the value of sending them to school.
The state government has also advised Hindus not to visit the temple in Sabarimala to avoid cross-contamination.
War and bloodshed remind the citizens that peace is important.
(6) Try to visualize the subject in your mind.
Due to the increase in the price of vehicles and fuel, three organizations including the JYF, MPUF, JSM, JSU and Hynniewtrep have called for a meeting to discuss the issue. The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Garo LSN Dykes at his office on Monday.
Chemistry worth 5 marks.
One young man believed, “that the future will be good and the things he plans or seeks are already with his life.
The shortness of its runway and the steepness of the surrounding hills are the main reasons why larger and wider aircraft, such as the A320 and A321, do not can climb off it and land on it.
He said that the existence of the C&RD Block will also be a great blessing to the people of 125 villages, as it is through the C&RD Block that the people will get many benefits. whether it is in development works and especially in terms of agricultural development.
However, when I said this, they said that it was just a thought in the air and a dream.
The doctor admitted that he used to cooperate with the BSF from time to time when there was any incident but today when they found him they investigated whether he was a smuggler or a Bangladeshi.
Where will he release you...he will punish those of us who have cleansed his feet. He has decided not to become CM after 23 years. Where will he leave the throne?
Samrat Chaudhury, who accompanied Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar to his constituency in Khagaria on Sunday, said that the opposition MLAs had sent their documents to the party. The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Uday Narain Chaudhury, on 14th June 2014, announced their decision to leave the RJD. After his release from jail last year, Laloo went to Delhi and forgot about his party in Bihar.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the DRDA team and the Block Development Office Amlarem for their hard work to complete this three room house.
He added that many of the leaders after becoming MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, seem to forget the needs of the people and focus only on their own interests.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawkyrwat Circle today launched the 1st May Under 16 Football Tournament 2023 which was held at MDSA Nonglang. The President of the KSU Sengkmie was the Chief Guest and Bah Kitborlang Nongrem was the Symbud.
They highlighted concerns such as rumors related to hesitancy to take the vaccine, difficult environmental conditions, problems caused by weather conditions in the past few months.
Ma MH Dkhar, said that Kong Chiarmon Dkhar from Wapungskur village, is a very kind person and she has a spirit of giving especially to the poor.
Khliehriat, Nailar 1: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNM) Jaintia Hills Zone (HNM) has expressed its deep concern over the silence and negligence of the government and the National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) in the maintenance of the National Highway in East Jaintia Hills District. The road has been badly damaged, which has caused a lot of trouble to the people who pass through this national highway.
He was appointed as Deputy CM in 1983. In 1998 he became Minister in charge of Forests. In 1983 he became Minister in charge of Finance.
On the other hand, the Secretary of Nongmynsaw Hima, Bah John Syiem Nongbak, said that the opening of the gate was after the Hima has received permission from the KHADC. The process of completion of this gate has taken more than 1 year.
Referring to the incident in the KHADC on 30th July, when the ARPA did not support the bill and it was passed by the majority of the PDF, he said, “We don't want to I don't know what happened in the House, but I know that in a democratic country, the majority vote is the decision.
Another Ambulance of Mawsynram CHC number ML 01 6032 from the office of DHS – cum – Jt.
This was announced by Bah K. Ryntathiang, Secretary of the Khasi Jaintia Hills District Council.
Shimika Sungoh General Secretary: Jenita Mukhim Asst. Secretary: Ieitlang Dkhar Treasurer: Daman Swer.
I didn't think it would happen.
Shop owners can check the number of the day on which they should open and the Tympang Dorbar Shnong has said that it will complete the numbering process at midnight in all the shops.
In the 2nd Division, Wahingdoh SC beat Laitkor SC 0-4 with goals scored by S Kharkongor 15', S Mynsong 19' and R Malngiang , 68'.
Nongstoin, November 7: A meeting of Deficit/Adhoc, LPS & UPS teachers was held at Nongstoin today.
He said that there are many initiatives in the field of health, he said, “It is a big challenge ahead of us, but while we take it as a duty even if there are many challenges The opportunities are available, we will continue to play chess to improve the quality of health services in the state.
Borrowing and having to pay off debt doesn’t end here.
Dr Thangkiew together with the team of Supercare Hospital wants to provide the best service in terms of quality health care in the state and the Northeast as a whole.
The Court also noted that the condition of the four parts of the project includes the road from Rilbong to Mylliem Marbaniang which is 11.6 kilometres, Mylliem Marbaniang to Wahlyngkhat which is 26.55 kilometers, Wahlyngkhat to Siatbakon which is about 8 kilometers and The distance is 17.77 km from Wahkdait and the distance from Wahkdait to Tamabil Dawki is 7.99 km.
Shillong, July 18: Police in Meghalaya this morning raided a GNLA hideout at 5:30 pm.
They can deceive, deceive on the grounds that the court will do this or that, it will shed blood but the reason is that they are afraid of losing in the world,” he added.
Meanwhile, the NPP under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, President of the NPP, will welcome Bah Shangpliang tomorrow, 13th November, 2023 at 1:00 pm at the party headquarters in Shillong. .
The goal was scored by Knertilang Buam.
She said that the money she had given has been there for 40 months and when she tried to telephone her phone number was blocked.
This robber is also known as the Phantom who has been committing crimes to break into houses around Shillong.
She said that the Government has submitted the application forms of the households in Them Metor and the Government has increased the amount of land to be allocated for the construction of houses.
In West Garo Hills, one BSF personnel, in South Garo Hills, one civilian and in West Jaintia Hills, 10 civilians.
Night Star Khongtani scored 27 runs off 21 balls.
“All the Congress constituencies have already been opened, except for Mawshynrut and Mawlai, which are non-Congress, I don't know when they will do it yet I haven't heard anything,” said Witting. u Rupee.
After the speech of Bah Ospiar Lyngkhoi, Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU Sengkmie who was invited as the chief guest honored the nine Rangbah Kur who were imprisoned in the Hill State War.
When you look at this village all around, from the signs, you can see that it was a great silver mining center in ancient times.
He said that the land belongs to the villagers and therefore foreigners cannot mine in these areas.
It was constructed at a cost of T.25 lakh which was funded by the Forest Department of the State Government from the 2014-2015 budget.
With this victory over Delhi FC, Lajong have moved up to fourth place with nine points from two wins and three draws.
so once again I say that his allegations are baseless.
They said it was good that the police chief did not order the police to do anything on that day.
After the meeting, the HNYM members marched on foot from the Civil Hospital to Motphran with slogans against the MDA government.
In the final match between the two teams, Dong Lailad FC took the lead 4-0 in the first half.
He abolishes the First in order to preserve the Second.
It suggested that he should have approached the lower courts and the High Court.
This happens from time to time and this was witnessed last month when BSF troops of Bagli Border Outpost raided the shop of Kong Tilian Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi in Bagli. , South West Khasi Hills District and seized about 45 tonnes of sugarcane.
U Bah Hep Lyngdoh on the 2nd of June was seen by the residents of Nongtalang village but at about 2:30 pm he left his house and it is not known where he went. He was found dead in Amlympiang village with injuries to his hands and feet.
Regarding the murder of the woman, he said that after finding the body of the woman, the people suspected someone whom they saw walking with the woman in the in the morning.
In the time of prayer, in the time of prayer,Speak loudly, speak loudly, support me;
He said he had tried to talk to them by phone but could not meet them face to face because in politics there is no despair.
The road is covered with snow.
Y Challam last month received T.1,172/-tyngka while this month she received T.3159 tyngka. T.320 tyngka while this month it has reached T.862 tyngka, B Syntem last month it has reached T.400 tyngka and now it has reached T.635 tyngka.
(6) He also urged that besides rice, they should also cultivate krai, riewhadem, phan and others.
Head coach of the men's team is Dulon Banjop Kharsati, assistant coach Ronaldo Kalwing and manager Mark A. Dunai.
Because of their selfishness, they increase more and more anything.
The BJP has said that it will implement the NRC as it has implemented in Assam and the implementation of the NRC will continue smoothly so that it will not allow illegal immigrants to enter the country. sha can you ri.
On the Commission's recent work for the collection of AADHAAR, Pandey said it is important to adhere to the rules of the ECI when collecting information.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 24: The TMC candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Longsing Bey, on Tuesday appealed to the people of Nongpoh Constituency to support him in the 2023 Leadership Election to be held on the 27th June He said that as an elderly man, he came out to contest from Nongpoh Constituency for the sake of the poor and needy who have been neglected in society.
They should be vigilant against corruption inside the government because that money belongs to the people.
To mark the beginning of the programme, a short meeting was conducted by Kong Handakaru Ïakai Head Teacher in the presence of the women who are members of the School Managing Committee.
I am afraid and sorry that there may be a misunderstanding between us and the family just because of Bhalang.
His body was tested with an oximeter and found that his soul was still tied.
The Seinraij Mynso has informed that only those who have been selected and the members of the Seinraij Mynso can participate in this ceremony and foreigners have been banned from the night of 16/9 20 until 21/9/20 without the knowledge of the Seinraij Mynso.
Dkhar said that in the past years, the PHE department has already announced that the Umngot Water supply scheme which will supply water to Jowai village has been completed but we see that until now. On the day of Jowai, Shaniah was born in Wah Myntdu.
The clear message to the state government and the central government is that the EM should speak clearly on the ILP so that the people of the state can understand how to proceed,” said Lambok.
East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills came top with two gold medals each while West Khasi Hills, Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills and East Garo Hills won two gold medals each. won one gold medal.
However, the sad thing is that such a book as the Bible which we should read carefully and learn the truth about life and death, but we don't remember the holidays to fast. but we don't remember our days to study and read, because we don't feel any benefit, but we focus more on them. the world.
He said that earlier, he had written to Mukul Sangma to create the mechanisms to reconcile the political parties but the Prime Minister has remained silent and has not called even once since the 2nd. When we tried to talk to him, he refused.
Shangpliang said these four new BJP members have dedicated themselves for the development of Meghalaya.
During the inspection and meeting with the village leaders, the HYC leaders understood that the management of the factory does not respect or listen to anyone, but works for their own purposes, without thinking. if their improper production of smoke, affects the people in the area as a whole.
After the meeting of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle and KSU Nongkhlaw, they laid a wreath at the statue of Tirot Singh in Mairang. as well as in the wilderness.
Structured Sports curriculum through Khelo India: Children will be encouraged to take part in sports so that they can have a healthy body, understand the importance of unity in the team and that they may understand the duty of leaders.
“There is no other party that cannot be replaced by the Congress.
Such incidents cause great suffering to poor families and the loss of precious lives.
Buyers are only those who can afford the price, because they are commodities.
Let's look at some of the things I like: This Corona virus came from China.
It is to be recalled that the HYC Jaintia Hills, HNYF West Jaintia Zone and the Fight Against Corruption Team (FACT) have already submitted a petition since July all 56 employees of the Council, who were illegally appointed without complying with the Service Rule of the Council.
Shubman also scored his third hundred in the T20Is against New Zealand with 126 runs from 99 balls at a strike rate of
Sangma said this at a public meeting held by the NPP West Jaintia Hills District on Monday at Madan Khmut Wasain, Mowkaiaw to announce Habahun Dkhar as the NPP candidate from Mowkaiaw for the 2023 MLA election.
Most of the shopkeepers are from the country and some are from abroad.
These include EGH: 01, EJH: 12, EKH: 197, NGH: 04, RBD: 31, SGH: 03, SWGH: 00, SWKH: 07, WGH: 37, WJH: 33 and WKH:
Furthermore, they said that in these days, the Dkhars have increased the number of Khasi daju because the Dkhars have been involved with their brothers while the Khasi traders have been looking for the Dkhar daju.
It is worth mentioning that this emergency meeting of the NPP Ranikor Block Unit came after Martin M.Danggo, President of the NPP Ranikor Constituency, who has already announced that he will be the candidate from the NPP Ranikor Block Unit, He has left the NPP and joined the BJP along with his followers in the past few days.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the RBYF 20mer Circle, today held a rally for the repair of the damaged road from Umling to St.Francis Higher Secondary School and St.Francis Higher Secondary School. to a government school in Umling village, where the children use this road to go to school.
He said that this is the first time in Mawlynnong that schools have come to hold such a programme.
“We cannot fight against the environment and survive,” said Justice Banerjee and stressed the need to preserve the environment. protection of the environment and wildlife and the importance of laws to protect the environment.
in and printed and completed application forms can also be sent to the place of study along with the required documents and only online applications will be accepted and offline applications will not be accepted.
The celebration of this day in West Jaintia Hills was organized by the District Administration in collaboration with the District Basin Development Unit, Jowai and the office of the Divisional Forest Officer (Social Forestry), Jowai. Green Campaign  Movement and Green Meghalaya Campaign.
Jowai, March 15: The Rangbah Shnong of Iapmala, Jaintia Hills District, has decided to support Bah Sangkey Shangpung to contest the MDC election this year.
Speaking to reporters, Zenith Sangma denied the allegation that Nurul Islam, the Sub-Inspector accused of rape, has any connection with his family.
N.Suchen, today lodged a complaint against the Project Director of NHAI for not taking action and not doing enough to repair the National Highway
The audio track was released by David Music Studio and recorded by David Music Production.
However, due to the new arrangement in 1972, where the Exempt Power of the Governor has been transferred to the President, this problem has arisen, because the President does not listen to the Council of Ministers of the State. The Council of Ministers of the Union,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Shillong: Leaders of the Meghalaya People's Labor Union (MPLU) and the Hynniewtrep Tourist Taxi Association (HTTA) today met with the General Manager of the National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation Limited (HTTA) in Shillong. and the misuse of the Fastag System at the Toll Gates especially at Umling in Ri-bhoi district.
He also strongly criticized the TMC leaders in the state who could not help to release the coal mining industry while they were in the Congress and in power.
So many of the workers came to look for the country.
The order was issued by the Division Bench of the High Court of Meghalaya on the PIL No. 11/2022 filed by Kynjaimon Amse against the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and others.
Dr War said the new cases include 115 in East Khasi Hills district, 11 in Ri Bhoi district, 9 in West Jaintia Hills district, 8 in East Jaintia Hills district, 7 in West Garo Hills district, 2 each in West Khasi Hills district and South West Khasi Hills district and 1 in South West Garo Hills district.
Lato, daughter of Riquoma Rq Laloo and Yoobina Lato of Panaliar, Jowai, has won the title of Miss India from Meghalaya.
The residents of Nongspung A village today protested against the decision of the KHADC to send a letter through the Deputy Secretary of the Executive Committee to order the shopkeepers. Umtyrnga Nongspung B. The shopkeepers and land owners of Umtyrnga Nongspung B. On the other hand, the shopkeepers and land owners have been arrested. They also admitted that the land where they set up their shops does not belong to the Khlaw Shnong Umtyrnga Nongspung B, but the rightful land of Nongspung A which falls under the jurisdiction of the village. Raid Marwet Mylliem Princess.
Shillong, July 11: Ka Iewduh is a crowded market where people walk inside the market, and it has been seen these days that this market is the market with the largest number of shopkeepers or daju, but From tomorrow the Iewduh will be blue because all the Daju will be dressed in one dress, and their dress will be blue.
The delay in the construction of the transformer has caused a lot of trouble to the people of the area.
Because of drinking and socializing with friends, I have even got a tattoo on my hands and feet.
After two Congress MDCs joined the NPP, which is the ruling party in the State Government, it is now the turn of the independent MDC from Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
They are not protected by the laws and do not enjoy their rights.
“Who can imagine that the Congress will fail in Assam which has been in power for many years, soon in Manipur, Mizoram and in this state too it will happen where the Congress will be rejected by the people. in 2018".
It is also difficult to identify the missing persons and those who have been recovered from the fire in Lahaina.
The unknown ruler said to him, “You have kept the good wine until now.
We are the voice to the legislature.
A little while before the election, this 23 kilometer road has not yet started, how can it be repaired, because the Maweit road has received many schemes without success and the following are the facts: In 1979, when The Meghalaya Assembly Budget has included in the Meghalaya Assembly Budget to improve the 21st km Nongstoin-Wahlyngdoh, but it has disappeared.
Besides, police also seized 33 empty plastic tubes from the vehicle.
“The party feels that issues like the UCC will only lead to chaos and it needs to be rejected completely,” said the leaders.
“He has not done anything for us, which we need,” he said. He explained that the foundation stone of the Seij Raij shop has already been opened, but so far, only 10 naia has been laid. without it, the end of Ma Shallam.
The Minister said that due to the opposition, no work has been implemented yet and no funds have been allocated for this.
The victim was identified as Ganesh Roy, father of Shekhar Kumar,
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Anthony Kharkongor, said that the aim of the village to hold this football tournament is to raise funds for the construction of the football tournament. the well of the river Umshing.
The government will support Raliang as a Digital Village by providing free training on computer training, WI-FI, online form filling, bank operation, solar light LED, school education through digital technology and other activities through Common Service Centres.
The Pnar Thor Eastern Presbytery will include Cachar Eastern District, Bubonhill District and Hailakandi Eastern District.
“One of the things we request you to turn your attention to studying for the ranks of IAS, MCS, IPS, MPS and others to develop the Naga, Mizo and others.
If all these do not work together, then the proclamation of John and the FKS is like the preaching of John in the wilderness, only the insects and the insects will listen.
He added that if the Government of India is silent and does not meet the demands, it is the opinion of Bah Paul Lyngdoh that the relationship with the Government of India should be restored.
Therefore, all the truck drivers have expressed their deep sorrow to Helping Phawa who is still the president of the union. and to promote the party and he is also a selfish person and there is something behind him that he wants to take power and wants to lose power to hold the post of president after the end of his term. he.
From an early age, parents encourage their children to live a good life and spend their efforts to provide their children with a good education that can improve their lives. so that they will be good people when they grow up.
In her speech, Ms. Rebecca V Suchiang thanked Ms. Trinity Sayoo for teaching the farmers through the SHG how to cultivate Lakadong shynrai. You have a special mission to cultivate this plant.
I believe many of us will agree and admit that this is the main reason why the Sohra Dialect has become what I can call the Pdeng Ktien. The Local Official Language (Local Official Language) throughout the Khasi-Pnar Hills from those times until today has grown and developed as we see it today.
One of the biggest impacts on the people is the DEMONETISATION or the sudden withdrawal of currency notes, especially the 500 and 1000 notes in
On the other hand, the farmers have expressed many problems in terms of seeds, irrigation (water), insurance of agricultural products, roads, price of mur and also on the price of kilo be -law on agricultural products and others.
Morality is in every person whether it is good or bad morality.
For more information or to complain, please call 1950 (Toll Free) and
According to the Principal, the amount allocated by the government is too small and it is difficult to feed the children.
S.Tariang Secretary Seng Khasi, Members of JPK, Rgh H. Robin Kurbah President Seng Khihlang, Sweetymon Rynjah, Silbi Passah, Members of Seng Khasi Women (Mothers), Youth and Mothers the fathers of the children.
The cleanliness drive was organized by the Lum Jingthang Committee of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong.
These problems in the state cannot be solved overnight, but there is a need for a strong government to implement for the benefit of the people and this should be the goal of the state. government for the people.
All the time we talked about job luck.
The work is not easy.
He said that in fact there was a lot of hope for the Congress party in Nongstoin after the departure of Bah LG Nongsiej and Bah Diosstar Jyndiang who belong to the same party. Thousands of Congress supporters who used to be with him have left the party.
Pahamrioh Football Club, Byrnihat, have reached the final of the NPYF Cup Knockout Football Tournament at the Byrnihat Sports Association Stadium, Byrnihat. Benris FC in the semi final of the tournament.
Besides, there were rumors that Robert Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, has also been involved, but the media said it was not so.
Let the people know that the Khasi Hills is a beautiful country and that the weather is still good and tolerable compared to other states of India.
Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), said that the various district councils will seek accurate estimates from the state government on the allocation of funds. revenue from minor minerals, major minerals and revenue from Motor Vehicle Tax.
The demand of the union comes two days after the Minister of State, Bah Comingone Ymbon, who is also the MLA of Shangpung Constituency, said that he accepts the proposal of the Government to build a railway line in East Jaintia Hills. Hills District.
According to the residents, some houses have been drowned in the gas cylinders, umphniang tins and even the pigs and goats raised by the residents have been drowned in the water. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Aju Timung.
The father told them to wait and wait until Bhalang got the chance.
“Those allegations against me are merely misleading and baseless,” said Embhah. He said that various units of the UDP in the constituency are still giving the full support to him as a leader as well as as a party leader in the constituency.
Zhongnanhai is the largest residence of the leaders of China's ruling Communist Party.
He is the leader of the KSU in Laskein area and is eager to bring about change in the village.
He said that Conrad should have gone to Delhi to demand the implementation of the ILP and include the Khasi language in the Eight Schedule to get recognition but he is smart and stingy to distribute pigs.
The land belongs to Baiamonlang Shylla which covers an area of ​​100 acres and the Urban Affairs Department of the Government has selected this land for the construction of a garbage dump for Jowai and the areas under the Jowai Municipal Board. in accordance with the Solid Waste Management Rules,
In a statement sent by Ma Sumarhok Passah, Waheh Shnong Khonshnong, the Dorbar Shnong of West Jaintia Hills, has expressed its gratitude to all those friends and neighbors who have taken part in the search for Dameihipaia Papeng since the day he was arrested. he was missing until the day he was found.
Shillong, Nailar 13: The state government is still waiting for the approval of the central government to clean up the Umkhrah River.
However, the union is surprised because according to the information the union should have appointed F1
Finally, the Government has agreed to talk about the demands of the VPP and The RP has decided to appoint an Expert Committee, and when the government appointed this Committee, as we can see through the media, all those who supported it were happy. The 1st July 2023 has been a memorable day for the country and the Khasi people, as the Government has conveyed to Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit the Notification issued by the Governor of Khasi Hills. The State has appointed an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy
“The government's target is to provide drinking water to 6.51 lakh households,” he said, adding that so far the central government has already allocated Rs 3,000 crore out of the Rs 6,000 crore allocated. mang for the state.
She said that this will empower her to continue implementing this scheme in the state and to continue in the future.
France has witnessed mass protests following the shooting death of a 17-year-old boy, known as Nahel, inside Nanterre after the boy passed a checkpoint Police who were patrolling the area and this action of the police, prompted the police to shoot and shoot him, in which he was eventually shot for his disobedience in front of the police. police at the scene.
It is worth mentioning that in almost all the constituencies of different states in the resolution released today, NOTA did not lose votes, and there are also places where it is stronger than other defeated candidates. .
Relatives of Bah Synshar Lyngdoh, UDP MLAs, MDCs and supporters were present on the occasion. .
Earlier, the Principal Secretary to the Parliamentary Affairs Department, Prestone Tynsong, had informed the House about the resignation of Saleng Sangma from the post of Chairman.
Therefore, when it comes to the match between the two, it was a fierce match between them, but Srikanth managed to score the goals in the latter parts of the match by scoring. The skillful play he used to win 21-17 22-2
Tura, July 12 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday visited the father of Sengrik D Sangma and his young son who were seriously injured in the earthquake. The incident occurred at Jebalgre village in Gambegre Block, West Garo Hills.
Sankhlur Phawa scored the first goal for Jalyiah Utd in the 14th minute while Promi Tariang scored the second goal for Ladrymbai Dongwah in the 69th minute.
The Contingency Fund (Amendment) Ordinance, 2024 will increase the Contingency Fund from T.500 crore to T.1000 crore.
When the river is full during the rainy season, the view is beautiful and it looks like a large lake that has been built among the hills that look like bright lights.
They played well until the third day, but Negi died on the 29th.
On the other hand, the MLA of Jowai announced his contribution to the development of football in the coming days and promised to sponsor the donation from T.50,000/- 50,0 T.1,00,000/- for the Champion and T.30,000/- for the Runners-up.
It should also warn the contractors not to implement major projects in the state,” said Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle.
All political parties and candidates should refrain from activities that lead to corruption such as violating the election laws, such as paying money to followers, insulting followers, campaigning in the name of followers. , to self-isolate within 100 hours from the workplaces, to hold a meeting in the last case allocated 48 hours before the end of the workplace, and to travel and accompany the followers from and to the workplaces following.5.
During the meeting, the DHMO promised to take action on these demands of the union and will try to do so as soon as possible, said a statement from Bah Edmund Khongngai, President HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle.
The truck bearing the registration number TN-34-U-9034 was heading towards Assam.
He also urged the school and teachers to work harder in disseminating education for the development of the society.
With more than 1,55,000 post offices, the DoP has the world's largest network of post offices.
Vice Principal Kong Nangroi Bthuh, teachers including Kliss Rymbai, Emidaka Pasweth and Iakitboklang Sten were present at the tree planting campaign.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Area Unit today met with the Executive Engineer, PWD (Road) Nongstoin Division, regarding the excessive deterioration of the Kynroh-Jaidoh road. Commercial taxis operating in Jaidoh area have been facing difficulties, as this road which is a color road has turned into a forest road.
This backwardness is due to the root cause, corruption in many ways, in money, in jobs, in opposition and others which are exactly like the storms that violate the rights of the people. the people that the state or central government has been providing special assistance through the development projects of the people.
but we pray earnestly to God that He will remove this coronavirus.
Here we understand that the 69 weeks ended a long time ago, after the ascension of Jesus Christ to heaven in the clouds.
If that is the case, those who will get government jobs, those who will receive government benefits such as ration, poor households and others should be of the same political party and same religion. ).
It is to be recalled that the TMC MPs and TMC leaders from Meghalaya recently sat before Parliament to demand the cancellation of the MOU signed between the Meghalaya and Assam governments on the issue of peace talks. and also to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
The silver medalists were Damanbha Pde in the boys junior category - 55 kg, Francis Marbaniang in the men's category - 55 kg, Ferdinand S. Rani in the category - 52 kg, Jake D. Syiemiong 63Kg and Saphibanri Kharlyngdoh in the junior girls' category - 53kg.
The Kuki MLAs have sent nine demands to the Prime Minister.
Speaking to PIB Shillong, Kong Pyrngap expressed her gratitude for receiving this award.
Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School won the title with 22 medals, including 10 gold, 9 silver and 3 bronze medals.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday appealed to the people of the state to use their power to elect their leaders properly. responsibility to judge carefully and not to succumb to political deception.
Whether I continue or stop will depend on the decision of the leaders in Delhi,” he said.
It is an incident that has surprised many and that is that robot legs, have moved a big building in China.
Medon Salahe (7'), Nitenjan Pala (26'), Thikwell Bareh (27') and Simeon Suchiang (40') scored the goals.
These figures sent to the Revenue Department include Garo Hills, Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has called a dharna against the hike in petrol and diesel prices.
He said the party strongly condemns the killing of two foreigners Ishan Singh and Sujit Dutta in Ichamati village by robbers.
In the first phase, 30 schools will benefit, only those in East Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ribhoi district, he said. 87 schools will be selected for this scheme and the government will select more from Garo Hills.
He said the government will further expand the Ayushman Bharat scheme and the construction of poor houses under the PM Awas Yojana.
It is to be recalled that the incident started on the night of the 17th of this month and lasted for about four or five days. The incident stopped until the owners of the house were prayed by the Pastor, Father and left the place where the incident happened.
The DMMU, West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Economics Department of Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai on Tuesday conducted a Financial Literacy Campaign for Promoting Digital Finance. to raise and spend money and to encourage the use of modern technology.
As we the children of Hynniewtrep, we have longtrai this land for 200 years BC. However, it is clear that those children of Hynniewtrep will change as written by Apol Mawniuh.
If the present Government fails to implement these demands, the people will know that the BJP is using the NPP only for political gain.
(These articles have been published mostly since 2000-2009-10).
The distribution of MLA scheme was attended by the Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Kitboklang Rymbai and other members of the village.
“If she agrees tomorrow, I will take her as my eternal friend,” said Hep alone.
Sd/- A.Nongrum, MLA, Sd/- H.S.Shylla, Ex-MLA, Sd/- Charlie J.Rani, Genl.
On this occasion, Bah Ransom in collaboration with the Women's Wing under the leadership of Kong Eldora Betsy Lyngdoh, his wife, said that the celebration with the poor families will continue until that Christmas.
In Fast X, Jason played the role of Dante Reyes and we will see Jason opposite Vin Diesel who played Dom Torentto in the film.
With the victory, Real Madrid are now fourth in La Liga with 26 points, while Barcelona are first with 31 points.
The Tavern Club welcomes those who want to experience delicious food and drinks to come and experience the new bar and nightlife.
These rituals were conducted by the religious leaders including the Dolloi, Sangot, Chutia, Pator, Langdoh and the elders of the Raij.
Deputy Chief Minister Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, in his speech, said that the media should speak and write the truth.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Thma u Rangli (TUR) today held a public hearing on the shortage and discrimination of muster roll workers in the Sericulture and Weaving Department, in relation to their salaries and wages. Deba Das Memorial Community Hall, Laban.
However, we are poor, weak, we don't have any inheritance, but we have only this Khasi land which God has given us, and once we have sold it we won't get it. There is no other earth here on earth because of our own wrongdoing.
Meghalaya fell by 235 runs while Manipur scored 18/7 runs.
The Government's share for the year has been released in two parts according to the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
Jowai, Naitung 14: The Behdeinkhlam festival 2013, has ended today, with the arrival of the Speaker of Goa, Rajendra Arlekar to witness the annual Behdeinkhlam festival in Jowai.
The Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal, said that the State Government has not yet opened the topic to discuss the generation of electricity from coal or Thermal Project even though the Cabinet has decided to cancel the soskular and North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Ltd (NEEPCO) to build a 500 megawatt thermal project.
Shillong, Nailar 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has once again praised the government for its decision to fight against the ban on coal mining in the state.
The distribution was attended by Bah Prestingroy Dkhar, Rangbah Shnong Umroi Nongrah, Bah Poipynhun Rynghang, Secretary Shnong, Amit Sinha, IC Khapmara PIC and others. and other elders of Umroi Nongrah.
The time is late but we must fight as much as we can to reduce the number of school dropouts of our children.
The Prime Minister said he wanted to remind Purno that the allegations should be accurate and should not be made openly.
On the other hand, the Khasi Students' Union Jaintia Hills District Unit has urged the state government to take immediate action to call for peace talks with the HNLC which is the only armed group in Hynniewtrep.
John F Kharshiing, President of SAM, handed over the flag to Merang Jamir, President of Nagaland Rifle Association, who will host the 11th North East Zone Shooting Championship
On the other hand, the village authorities have warned against any unknown persons who break into the homes of the people whether during the day or at night.
She said that the department will urge poor mothers to give birth in health centres, she said that people have started to understand this issue and looking forward to 2021-2 the proportion of twin mothers within the district who gave birth in facilities was 70%, while in 2022-23 it increased to 79%.
Therefore, as the village leaders, they expressed their deep anger over the delay of the bank in releasing the money to the poor and needy people who need the money to complete the construction of their houses. as per the Block.
He said that the BJP is supporting the state government and hopes that soon the people of the state will hear good news on this path to reach the peace talks between the state government, the HNLC and the government. middle.
Balen Thubru is one of the leading leaders of cement and clinker truck owners and was the president of AJCCTA before it split into two groups, while Kyrshan Dkhar was general secretary of AJCCTA. general secretary of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA).
Therefore, the remaining SSA tournament for the 2023 season is the SPL, which is usually played in two legs.
“The reason for such acts of violence and coercion by Assam is only because of the weakness of the Meghalaya government which has no responsibility for the plight of the people living in the border areas. KharkamniKhadduheh, said that the party has many times informed the government about the problems of the people living on the border, but due to the lack of cooperation, the party has informed the government many times. The Meghalaya government in its working methods has led Assam to take advantage of the Meghalaya border as the days go by, he added.
It is believed that this is the only way to eliminate the distribution of drugs and money to the voters. vote.
To clean up, a Fire Brigade vehicle was also sent to clean up the streets where there was a lot of garbage in the market.
Shillong: U Kiren Rijiju, Union Minister of Youth Affairs and Sports, on Tuesday said that his department together with the Government of India under the leadership of the MRD, and in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya, are taking steps to The Meghalaya National Games 2022 is also the pride of India.
The unprecedented football tournament is held only for the supporters/fans of football players who are fan clubs of world famous clubs from Eastern West Khasi Hills. The tournament was organized by the Eastern West Fan Club Forum which was held at Mawlum Mawlum Stadium in Mairang.
When asked why they sell at such a high price, the answer from the Longkmie is that once there are people who want to buy many coins, they have to sell at such a high price. If they don't sell at the price they ask for, it will be difficult for them to sell or sell elsewhere, because there are no sufficient storage facilities and if they wait at that price, it means that Sohtrun will rotted and just had to be thrown away.
The US has 2,26,374 cases, followed by Italy with 1,15,242, Spain with 1,10,238, China with 82,432 and Germany with 81,7
Why don't you release it only inside the Duh market which is the marketplace for the poor and needy... or to the Police Bazar from the byhta of the rich and the poor... shiu... who doesn't have a head??? Have all the months of treatment and cultivation ended in destruction??? Govt think carefully...strengthen the security forces and don't steal from the poor...earn breakfast.
He said that all the employees have their licenses to bill as directed by the state and all the work as required has been completed.
As a leader of the people, I feel it is my duty to demand that the government should set up an inquiry to find out whether this is true or not,” said HSPDP MLA Collin Wanñiang. that it is an age governed by the terrible power of the Shympriah-kti – The Age of Science, the Age of Computers, the Age of Mobile Telephones – the Age of physical but mental strength.
In the midst of the heavy rain, the Presbyterian Church in the village and surrounding villages came to the scene to witness.
Heimonmi Dkhar (13, 70), Gideon Mukhim (34, 60) and Clever Lyngdoh (39) and Kamwamut Pakem (80+2) scored the six goals each. ).
It is bound by various laws and regulations created and made by man.
Police have arrested seven persons involved in the kidnapping and they are members of the GNLA. The kidnapped man was arrested on Wednesday, July 23, 2020. The kidnapped man was a returnee from East Garo Hills. , on July 24, 2020, after failing to pay the amount demanded.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the electricity projects selected by the government to be implemented in the penny companies are still stalled without any signs of progress. the work though many years has been going on.
As an assistance to the families of those who died, the Government of Meghalaya has donated Rs 500,000 each as usual.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya has decided to expel one of its members, KC Boro.
Another notice was issued regarding the dismissal of him from the Assam Panchayat & Rural Development Department for his involvement in illegal activities.
One of his phone numbers has been stolen since 2018, according to The Wire.
The DC said that this is illegal and if he continues to receive such complaints, the drivers and owners of vehicles will be subjected to strict action.
The speakers at the meeting said that the demand for Bah HDR is groundless as he has not been involved in any crime as he has confessed and has handed over to the police for investigation. Independent investigation into the incident at Marvaleen Inn, Rilbong, the residence of his son, Nathaniel O Rymbai.
In its 21st report to the High Court, the Committee said that the state government has worked with the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited (CMPDI), a branch of Coal India Limited to Help with the authorities to improve these coal mining areas.
“Earlier, Gokhale had also invited the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong to discuss the same issue.
The meeting will be held on the 19th March 2022 at Madan Malki near Dhanketi, Shillong from 10 am to 10 am.
In the midst of their grief and tears, the relatives of these two youths have asked them to return home.
It is not the Nongstoin diocese that asked me to write that article.
They do not like those who are upright as much as they do not like those who are willing to stand firm to the end on the foundations of ethics.
“As we have created the Hills State in the past years, there should be no People's Reform Movement now,” he said.
Moon Moon's brother Sonny Nongsiej said that after Christable was shot dead, she took him to the police station and lodged an FIR. , I went to the jail and found that he was seriously injured. After seeing that he was seriously injured, we lodged an FIR against Christable at Khapmara Out Post but the police didn't do anything. The OC said why didn't they do anything? He said that according to the report of the doctors, Moon was not injured but Moon told us that at the time of the examination, there was no doctor. Sonny.
“I expect that the opposition members will raise many issues, but I don't know what has happened this time.
Police recovered 353.34 grams of heroin packed in 33 soap boxes.
Rocky Kylla as Chairman and BB Makdoh as Vice Chairman, said that this publication in the newspapers has affected the minds of the people especially in Ri Bhoi District and the They strongly condemned the two leaders of the SRSER, Bah Mawphniang and Bah Basawiamoit, who have confused the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
The meeting also discussed issues related to the government's revision of the price of Dewbilat and Clinker from the factories, as this issue has not been implemented until now and the organization will follow up on this.
Last month, three youths were arrested, identified as Stanrilin Sohphoh, Tynshainlin Wanniang and Marvelous Kharjahrin from Mawkyrwat.
A close friend of mine who has just been appointed as the village headman in a village in Shillong informed me that many foreigners have just arrived in that village. I don't want to mention the name of the village but those foreigners have dared to ask for a Certificate from him and when he didn't give that certificate, some Government officials phoned him. he shall not be ashamed of the syrnot.
Seven residential houses and two cowsheds in Mawlong-Mawtari were demolished by MUDA led by police and private security on 8th November
Those coming from Amalarem Parish and War Jaintia Hills will enter from Lad Demthring to Moodymmai.
Shillong: The NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 Government has elected North Tura MLA and former Chief Minister Thomas A Sangma as its joint candidate for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections. Lamphang of the State Legislative Assembly.
The strike was announced at a public meeting in front of the Additional Secretariat on 19th June 2023 due to the government's failure to discuss the job allocation at the meeting of all political parties in Secretariat.
“I would like to ask the AITC MLAs whether they will still participate in the resolution passed in the House and whether the AITC will include the ILP issue in the agenda, because the ILP is a law. “Even though there is a seventh category in the state, they have their own part,” said Bah Process.
A little bit I just wanted to step back a few years ago.
“If we don't give those opinions on this, what else can we talk about to change the RP?” When asked whether the UDP takes the population as one of the issues to be based on the revision of the Reservation Policy, u Bah Jemino said that there are other criteria that should be used together when preparing the Reservation Policy and there are also areas such as backwardness and low income among the indigenous peoples who need to based together in addition to population.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has implemented the Model Code of Conduct from 16th October 2024 for the Lok Sabha elections. , so that this election will go smoothly without any disruption.
Surprisingly, these people who migrate to these European countries go to these countries because of the persecution in their own country and mostly because of the implementation of the their law (shariah law) that makes it possible for them to migrate to other countries; and what is more surprising is that when they came to settle in these European countries which were free people, but after they had gained a stronghold they began to try to implement their laws (shariah). law) in these European countries which is one of the reasons why they flee their homeland.
It is expected that this initiative will provide access to clinical jobs to nursing students and will provide better care to patients in medical colleges.
Investigation by this reporter, it was found that the reason for the lack of permission to transport coal, is due to the request from the government officials in charge of the project, who complained that they have not received the permission to transport coal. order from the State government to start the process.
Tessy Joseph, Principal of Don Bosco School in Dhajanagar, Udaipur, in an application letter to the Magistrate of Gomati District requesting legal protection, property and rights granted under the constitution of India.
On the 31st, Lakasein SC will play against Jarain SC at 11.30 pm and Latyrke SC will play against Jalaphet Bri Sumer SC at 1.30 pm.
Nongpoh Police Station has taken action on the incident and is conducting investigation.
The Meghalaya State Watershed and Wasteland Development Agency (SADA) has held a sale of the Self Help Group Mela under the Pradhan Minister Krishi Sinchayee Yojana Watershed Development Component in front of the State Central Library, Shillong.
In another development, it was learned that Bahduh Diostar Jyndiang, driver of Bah Hoping, who got the ticket from the HSPDP, will register on Tuesday as the candidate of the HSPDP. He won the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ Constituency.
The executive committee also decided to resubmit the Land Bill which has been passed by the KHADC since
According to the Muslims, they fled Myanmar after the Myanmar army killed many of their families and fled only to escape. steal cat shaba that poi.
Kison said that there are many other rules which the company has violated which were agreed with the village , but the closure of the dewbilat factory today is because it does not employ them The youths of the village, although they have already submitted their documents, said that they are still at the site of the shan dewbilat factory.
Every party has its own rights and aspirations, but in the end, it will be the decision to accept the candidate approved by the MDA,” said Sangma. Speaking to reporters, the MDA leader said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
He said that through this RTE, all the schools which have received assistance from the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) but have not yet become full SSA, will have to become SSA completely and those who have not worked, will not benefit anymore. Speeches were also delivered by the DC of East Khasi Hills, Secretary to Education, Bah FR Kharkongor, Director of DSLE.
“I feel it is necessary to convene a special session to discuss this issue which has affected the Garo Hills,” Marak said.
“This is unacceptable, we will ensure that there will be no misuse of public money,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The Foundation has conducted various programs to train and improve the livelihoods of farmers, families and youth, goat farming, gardening and soybean gardens in the area. buildings in the area.
Nagaland's Antima Teotia tied for 100 runs to score 211/7 in 50 overs.
On the other hand, Kong Wansuk said that the lack of assistance from the central government will seriously affect the state and it will be difficult to rebuild the damage caused by the natural disaster.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Pala, who is also the President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, said, “Coal mining is a very strict industry which has to follow the rules and regulations.
“How to restructure, we have suggested to the government to set up an Expert Committee and we have shown that how it should be according to the paid we don't want to talk to other ethnic groups but we want to speak of this 80%, the right of us Khasi and Garo”.
In the first leg, Diamon Makroh scored the kick start goal in the 16th minute, which was also the first goal in four matches for the team. she got to fight.
Besides the performances of traditional music and dances from different Hima, there will also be school children from 26 schools who will come to take part in the festival.
In fact, Hurdles CC had the first chance by winning the toss and elected to bat first but managed to score only 105 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 19.3 overs.
In a word, the worst must be set free, and the least dangerous must be bound and restrained in his free will.
The MLAs of the hill tribes have requested the PM not to withdraw the Assam Rifles from Manipur, as it will endanger and bring about the unrest of the tribes.
He was arrested on charges of raping the child twice at Mary's house in Demthring.
Rajesh Bishnoi took 2/32 wickets, Lerry G Sangma 1/22 and Chengkam Sangma 1/2
Shillong, Nailur 21 : The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Sohryngkham Unit has elected new office bearers after the term of office of the employees. the old is gone.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among the Principals, Head Teachers of schools about their responsibilities as school authorities for those children with disabilities and also about the rights of children with disabilities. of children under the RPWD Act
In a statement, UDP Vice President Allantry Franklin Dkhar said the government should take action to look after the places to set up the land vendors to avoid the pedestrians.
However, the Assam government has been implementing development works such as the improvement of the road from Mawsikar to Kamphaduli through the Khasi villages from Mawsikar, Umwali, Umwahsiang, Langpih etc. this is the road.
However, I would like to suggest that if the name is a Khasi name, it should be written and spelled in Khasi characters and not to mislead the meaning of it.
What is that grace? The Word of God says – “By grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Ephesians 2:8
Commercial taxis are very rude, don't have discipline, don't have stops when they find passengers, just raise their hands, passengers brake in the middle of the road and obstruct others. vehicles without moving to the side to allow others to pass.
He recalled that he had been with the ARPA for 14 months but could not open the KHADC office but only three months after the PDF came to power, he could fulfill the wishes of the people. I have been with three CEMs, Bah Adelbert, Bah Ardent but I see that Bah Pynshngaiñ has a vision and wants to strengthen the Hima and it is since he came that they have been encouraged,” he said. u bah Sawkmie.
The allowance of Hindi to enter the Assembly is a matter of concern because it is the strongest and last pillar of the state. a work that is stable and meaningful.
It was recalled that last year, the KHADC had donated T.1000 to each person who quarantined himself from COVID-19 and the government had donated T.5000 to each quarantine facility set up by the villages. .
Therefore, I appeal to all of us to lose our hesitation to showcase our talents.
He said that no one knows how the draft bill will come in this regard.
We should go around the city and the countryside to live with them, to be friends with them, to suffer with them in any difficulties.
ok SirFrom now on, when there is a ryngkhiang, we will eat more meat to avoid the floods.
? "I asked myself, "What kind of nightmare is that... It can't be..." I thought alone. The nightmare remained in the mind of Rida's mother until she woke up in the morning. Without telling her son, "This night I have a dream like this..." said the mother.
These were released today at the launch of the Systematic Voters' Education and Electoral Participation (SVEEP) under the NERP.
Saitsama Police immediately rushed to the scene and sent Assam Police guarding the Entry Tax Gate to remove the signboard to avoid any incident.
In that year the Greek world produced Dr. Galen, the great anatomist who lived, served and cared for the people of Rome with his science, while society and the inhabitants they still need to move elsewhere and renovate their places of worship.
These commercial vehicle drivers, who arrived at the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's office before the start of work inside the office, demanded the money they were waiting for and asked for clarification from the Deputy Commissioner. DC on the delay in payment of the money even after the group of commercial vehicle drivers have demanded from time to time and sent letters to the Deputy Commissioner requesting them to pay the money.
So the two of them cooked as well and ate.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Kong Balarina Syem in the presence of teachers from the participating schools, NDSA officials. L.Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer (DSEO) was invited as the chief guest.
Speaking to Rupang, the General Secretary of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that after the cow farmers received information that the BSF troops had seized cows from Lyngkhat, they immediately arrested the cows. Members of the union had gone to meet with the officers of the Custom office at Pynursla, but in the first meeting, he said they had informed the meat farmers that there was no such thing.
The Bible is a holy book that can be read, studied, explained, and especially discussed.
Shillong: The National Level Farmers Consultative Group (NLFCG) will be held in Lucknow on the 30th of this month.
The union also said that the lack of transformers is a problem for the residents of Jaintia Hills whenever there is natural disaster while the smart meter will count the electricity bill even if the residents do not get even the electricity.
Not only that, Bah Wanbor has set up a shop to sell these products at the Food Processing Unit, which has equipment to process the products. umsoh, musla ground from sying, sohmrit and other crops.
Therefore, with a deep sense of sorrow, I would like to appeal to all my brothers and sisters how to protect ourselves and fight against this disease.
MCS SDO (Civil) Pynursla was the Resource Person on the occasion.
There were some who came to convey their grievances, there were those who came to ask for help, there were two who came to discuss an issue related to police officers who died in the middle of duty and request for the way in which we have written all these things.
He said that in fact, the people of Mawsynram want him and he too is happy and loved because compared to the work of previous MLAs, development works have flowed well during his tenure since JNV School, Border Market, Block Office, Water Scheme, Dispensary, PHE Sub-Division and others.
He was accompanied by former MDCs Violet Lyngdoh and Joinriwell Pyrtuh, Chairman of JHADC Dr Sanky Shangpung, Election Agent of NPP 6- Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Lyngdoh, Bah Langmon Bareh, elders, members and office bearers of the NPP East Jaintia Hills District.
However, the original meaning of A.D in Greek is Anno Domini which means the year of our Lord.
If such an accident happens to those who are the children of young people who come from abroad , whose parents are still less aware ; I don't know where it led because the doctors' rights were affected.
If it is found that this foreigner is cheating, the union will not allow him and the government should remove the MBBS scholarship from him.
The divine nature that modern humanity asks questions that modern science begins to question is the most important part of what we too face from time to time,” he said. In these few days, even the longkur long jait which the Lord has started to put back in us after he put the Hynniewtrep skum Hynniewtrep, even for that part there is still a question. It is wrong, but I tell you that all these things that come from the will of God are orderly, perfect, without error, whether in human beings or in nature, wherever we turn.
This requires a great understanding of the new science called genetics, which is the study of interbreeding between plants or animals.
We urge the district authorities from the DC, SP and DSP to take action and to protect these trucks to avoid any tragic incident such as burning by people. exploit.
“We are not allowed to operate this school at all because Moolaber is still in the dispute area,” said the Seng leaders.
In order for the state to be in peace and stability, it needs consultation and a consensus decision must be taken.
The JSM through its Education Cell has decided to award the students who have passed well with 80 percent or above with four distinctions.
Meghalaya), have come together to hold the 3rd District Yogasana Sports Championship 2023 on the 23rd of this month, which falls on Sunday.
Shillong: After receiving a complaint from the youths of Moolamanoh, the KSU Wapung unit led by Ma Deiniwan Lyngdoh, President, Shwari Ryngkhlem, General Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Organizing Secretary, The KSU Khliehriat Circle has lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to protest against the issuance of Aadhar cards by foreigners in Moolamanoh.
In the beginning of 2011, the income from donations was only 5150 tyngka, in 2012 it increased to 19950 tyngka, in 2013 it was 24024 tyngka, in 2014 it was 31700 tyngka. , 2015 33800 tyngka, 2016 41220 tyngka and 2017 37520 tyngka.
This work is not like magic.
The chief guest and guest of honor were former president of JSU Dr. WR Kharlukhi who is also MP Rajya Sabha and Ma Garland Rymbai.
“We have written many letters to the state governments of the North East and we have told them that they should provide the UC within one and a half years and if they cannot, we will stop paying money,” he said. Muivah.
One of the areas that has been severely affected by the rainfall but not much has been affected is agriculture.
The Annual Sports Week was inaugurated by Bah Cornelius Laloo, one of the senior journalists of Ri Bhoi District. students and teachers of this school.
Manuel Pellegrini-led Real Betis have qualified for the Europa League group stage unbeaten in La Liga. sien and 10 times out of 6 sien games.
The Governor, who has just returned from Delhi, on 13th July 2022, has been in quarantine for the past several days, but yesterday, he tested positive for covid-1
After the Cabinet meeting, reporters asked Mukul Sangma whether this news is true.
These are needed not only in the shops of Upper Shillong but throughout the state, and this is also the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department for the health of the people.
Noting that the BJP is in power in Goa, he said the party has also supported the ethnic party in Nagaland.
The KSU has urged the central government to look into its decisions and to look into the customs and traditions of the various ethnic groups in the North East.
best weldone the Host of the Program.
He also praised the hard work, perseverance despite the difficulties and until the completion of this work.
I extend my condolences to all the residents of Mukroh, who have suffered this tragic incident.
The Nongthymmai Scorpions beat JNS Jaguars in the U-7, U-9 and U-11 categories but the Jaguars drew in the U-12 category.
Bah Tynsong said that the police have tried to reassure the people and inform them that they should not take the law into their own hands, but the attempts to curb the situation have not succeeded. which is equal.
“We have decided to support the SNSBH which is responsible for appealing to the Supreme Court or any other part to challenge the decision of the High Court,” said Bah Bindo.
Initially, the Portuguese star shot from a distance, but PSG goalkeeper Gianluigi Donnarumma managed to save.
Therefore, he appealed to the leaders and also to the office of PWD (Roads) to work hard and to speed up the work so that the people of the village will not face any problems. .
Police seized 4500 dynamite sticks, 4000 detonators and 4 drams of diesel fuel from the vehicle.
The match will be played at the Third Ground, Polo at 2 pm.
It requires many things that are necessary and timely to write a mark on the minds of the listeners.
She said that since Upper Primary she has not had enough marks in mathematics.
It may be recalled that the village leaders together with the landowners, since the time of Bah PD Sangma, former Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, have already handed over the soskular which they have already signed. road through their properties.
The match today will be between Moosyiem Shangpung and Nangbah Ïawmusiang at 2 pm at the same venue.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Heavy rainfall and strong winds across the state have caused floods in parts of Shillong and also caused damage.
The Chief Minister today also met with the Members of the International Solar Alliance (ISA) in Gurugram, New Delhi and discussed the steps to generate electricity from solar energy.
Of these 11 cases, 10 cases are from Churhandpur and one from Khabeisoi.
Manipur has always been one of the states most affected by insurgency.
According to the owners of the house, until now, the visitors have been entering and leaving the house every day since the incident.
Such vehicles should not be fined by the public by lodging a complaint with the law enforcement authorities as the law does not discriminate against anyone whether they are Government employees or the public.
Shillong, July 26: The Executive Member in charge of the KHADC Market in Nongstoin, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the delay in completion of the KHADC Market in Nongstoin is due to the lack of funds from the central government.
From Upper Shillong, the BJP flag with the portrait of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and BJP President Amit Shah was carried along the road.
“The government's intention to bring in the railway line is an intention to destroy the nation, instead of trying to bring in development projects from the central government, it intends to bring in the railway line to destroy the uniqueness of our nation"
Their rejection of God's commandments has led them to destruction and they have lived a life of ignorance of God. Truth has been lost in Israel, full of false oaths, deceit and lies. stealing, killing, shedding blood, that is why the country is filled with bloodshed and bloodshed.
Also present on the occasion were Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem, Balajied Ranee MDC, Umsning MDC Macdalyne S Mawlong, Umsning MDC, M Tongper ADC, health officials. , Rangbah Shnong and other elders of the area.
Perhaps this will be the first time in the history of the CISF that they will be called to any state to inspect the movement of coal trucks.
The people are always with us and always support our party.
For this reason, cigarette and tobacco boxes and packaging contain warnings that smoking or smoking is harmful to health.
Earlier, a 6.6 magnitude earthquake on Sunday and a 7.6 magnitude earthquake on Saturday struck the same area for three days without stopping.
“Isn't the violation of the UGC Model CRR and the violation of the NEHU Act, Statute and Ordinance a matter of discussion? He is the one who has to protect the rules of UGC and NEHU but he is the first to violate them many times,” said the JAC. , the committee said that the VC's lack of attention and understanding that the drugs cannot be purchased through the Government e Marketplace (GeM), has led to the delay in the arrival of the drugs.
The Chief Minister, Patel Bhupendrabhai Rajnikant, in a letter, announced that there has been a collaboration between the District Collectors in the districts affected by the fall of slap heavy.
When asked whether any government officials have spoken to him, he said that he has not spoken in writing but only by phone.
“The Prime Minister is teaching the unemployed youth to sell Pakawri to earn a living, so is Amit Shah's son a Pakawri?” Gogoi asked.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : As the day for the election to the Legislative Assembly approaches, the political system in the state has continued to prepare for the election of the leaders from various parties. While the struggle between the parties to win the election is going on day by day, the NPP, which leads the government, has promised to win again in this election and it will be a victory. At the same time, the AITC has also promised to win many seats in the upcoming elections.
TMC Rajya Sabha Leader Derek O'Brien said in a statement through X. BRS Leader K Kavitha on Tuesday said: She has appeared in the Delhi High Court for bail in connection with the case against her on charges of involvement in corruption. dealing with the emergence of corruption from operational practices in the Excise department.
At present, the SRGT has entrusted various organizations to organize the games at its stadiums at the Polo Ground and the most important of them are as follows: The Shillong Sports Association (SSA): The relationship with the Shillong Sports Association has been in existence since 1916 when the General Sports Committee of the Trust, with the approval of the Trust itself, gave permission to the SSA to use the ground now known as the 1st. Ground for football matches and others.
When the journalists mentioned many cases of rape of women and children in the state, the Congress women's group did not come out or even say a word but suddenly now when Priyanka has been mentioned. Shylla alleged that the absence of Congress women is due to the lack of leaders in charge of the department.
That if the law allows this 80 p.
You are in Panaliar.
Samla Wanlambok-: He first joined the KSU in 2003 as Publicity Secretary of Mawryngkneng Circle and later became Publicity Secretary. Secretary was reappointed as General Secretary and it was here that he demonstrated his great role as a Leader and in 2009 he took over as the Chief Leader of the Mawryngkneng and it was during this period that his leadership skills appeared and he became a truly intelligent young man who had the responsibility to share the burden of the society and the nation as a whole.
On the other hand, she promised not to discuss the issue in Shillong, but to visit the hospital.
Explaining the number of seats for the KHADC and GHADC, the seats should not exceed 40 members including 4 members. nominees and others shall be elected through election.
Earlier reports broadcast on Batesi TV said that those who inspect those who come from abroad just ask for their place of residence, ask for their phone number, then send them straight to the tree and sit on the tree. 14 days without long ; Such an act is a violation of human rights.
Not only the Speaker, but Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Kong Grace Kharpuri MDC, had to walk along the same path by holding their hands from the wheels and washing their feet. at the end of this road.
Regular posts in the form of audio/visual presentations on the Consumer Protection Act, 2019 and other measures of the Department have been uploaded on social media operated by the Department.
This was announced by Bah Ehboklang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary of the Mait-Ti Society.
He said that the CEC has decided to look into many issues including demanding from the government to open a Model Degree College in Patharkhmah and not to auction it. Block II to Assam and Nongwah Mawtamur, to demand that the government should immediately appoint in a transparent manner all the jobs, to monitor the implementation of the ILP and the Khasi language in Article 8 of the Constitution. rule.
“I see the lack of education among Muslims around the world and I have informed them that if our children do not study at higher levels, Badruddin said, “I have seen the lack of education among Muslims around the world. and if they cannot complete even matriculation, I am speaking on this issue to convey to our children the importance of education,” Badruddin Ajmal told IndiaToday.
At the meeting held on the second day at the DC Conference Room for West Jaintia Hills; The meeting was attended by Chief Executive Member of JHADC Thombor Shiwat, MDC Aiborlang Shadap and District Administration. Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya and ADC MA Challam.
The meeting was held at the office of NL Compound, Ladrymbai Dong Wah and was chaired by NPYF President Grimlang Dkhar.
The meeting was attended by government officials from the Department of Agriculture, Department of Horticulture, Department of Agriculture and Water Resources, which includes 16 types of schemes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16 : The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) on Tuesday said that the athletes of the state have worked hard in the 2nd North East Olympic Games At the SAI Training Centre, NEHU, Shillong, it is up to the government to develop them in the field of sports.
However, the health department has prepared precautionary measures and this time the disease has started to decline in Garo Hills”.
[from another reporter]The police department has not yet investigated and has not been able to confirm whether the incident that happened yesterday at St. Edmund's was a kidnapping or some other reason.
Nongpoh: The Dorbar Shnong Byrwa together with the family members of Samla Stanborlang Dohtdong (18) years old, who has been declared dead from COVID-19, have expressed their deep sorrow over the announcement by the authorities. health, that the young man had passed away, but was actually alive and currently undergoing treatment.
“I will take the role according to my ability and this role is not impossible.
Police have announced a reward of T.5 lakh for anyone who can provide information about Asad and Ghulam who are wanted in connection with the murder of Umesh Pal.
This village is one of the tourist attractions in the district and the state and has attracted tourists from all over India and other countries of the world.
We expect him to be in the state in such an incident,” he said.
As soon as I got home I mixed the powdered medicine with the rice; I put it in the water in the bowl.
We do not mean that we should not support our fellow believers or church members, if in our judgment we find that the candidate is worthy of our support.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Bakur Dorbar Shnong in the presence of Stephanson Mukhim, former MLA Amlarem, Dolly Khonglah as the chief guest. Tarson Lymba, village leaders, area leaders and members of the HNYF from other departments at the meeting chaired by General Secretary Lasius Lamin.
In the mid-term elections in Shella, Ranikor, Mawphlang, Mawryngkneng, Selsella and Rajaba, they contested with joy because they were in the government.
The second prime minister, Carmen Calvo, has been undergoing treatment for respiratory problems since Sunday.
On the other hand, the suspended Congress MLAs have not yet decided whether to support Draupadi Murmu as they were not invited to the meeting on the day she came to Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam.
Two Commissioner Scouts who completed the training in September 2019 including Dr. RR Kharkongor, Principal Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai and DE Pariat, Principal Lissi Pearl Prizes were awarded to the winners of various competitions such as Drawing-Painting, Calligraphy Competition and Art & Craft Competition.
We spoke to Bah Wanbordlang to learn more about his talent since he was a child.
The office bearers for the term 2024 – 2024 were confirmed by Bah Lambokstar Marngar, President KSU Central Body in the presence of Rangbah Shnong, members of the Seng Samla Shnong and others. invite.
The tournament was held under the theme “Say no to drugs, yes to football” and 32 teams in the men's category and 6 teams in the women's category took part.
Replying to a question raised by Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Kimfa Sydney Marbaniang in the House today, he urged the state government to take action against the Assam police to stop the fire. James said the Meghalaya government, after receiving information from the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, has directed the Chief Secretary of State to discuss with Chief Secretary of Assam on this incident.
They also said that the smugglers of Rnga use the road from Dongki Ingding, Umpdem, Sohjarang, Zero Point to Umsning, as well as those who use the road from Umroi and Umsning. I'm going to Umling.
“I have spoken, and I will do it.
I believe in the power of prayer and always turn to God for everything.
This reporter, who was standing outside the classroom, saw that some of the owners of the land had given speeches on that day but nothing was heard outside what they said and what the authorities of the classroom were. government does not look at the road they speak.
We have arranged with a service provider known as Zorpa Export Pvt Ltd, Laitumkhrah to build the poly house,” said Dohling.
Shillong: Regarding the Common University Entrance Test, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, while meeting with the Union Education Minister Dharmendra Pradhan on Monday, said that the examination will be held in is that it has to be done for all those colleges affiliated to federal universities.
A militant, carrying explosives, has attacked the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel on the Jammu-Srinagar highway. 44 CRP policemen were killed in the attack, which is the worst incident in the last 40 years. 20 of them were killed. injured in a bomb blast in Awantipora of Pulwama district.
Congress Secretary Emmanuel Badwar and BJP Spokesperson M Kharkrang were also present.
It is obvious that the government does not have strong hands to control this price increase, most of it is in the hands of the people.
Shillong: Langsning FC beat TRAU FC 3-1 in the Second Division League on Tuesday at the Khuman Lampak Main Stadium in Imphal.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Emri Workers Union (MEMRIWU) has decided to resume its strike across the state from midnight. 00 hours) 12 midnight on 30th November 2019 and without further delay, because of the silence of the government and GVK EMRI, because they have not done anything on their promises to the employees, that they should to be completed within two months, which is from 22nd November
Although the program was without electricity, it was a success and was attended by Paiem Kongor and Bah Kynsai M.Syiem who is the Sardar of Smit Pyllun.
Ferdinand Sayoo (12) scored the first goal of the match.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the NPP and UDP will no longer work in the KHADC. in the state government.
Dr Mukul Sangma said the state government should take responsibility and should not just listen to the problems of these workers in the state.
Therefore, in order to curb this incident and to protect the environment, the District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills under Section 144 CrPC has issued an order prohibiting the burning of hills. forests, farmland, parks and other places within West Khasi Hills District.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, National President of the National People's Party (NPP), laid the foundation stone on 1st November 2020 for the construction of the full office of the NPP near Polo.
Since 2014-2015, the KHADC has not received its share from the government, but these days it has been seen that the KHADC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem is between the battlefield and the government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma and the question now is if the state government withholds for a while the money belonging to the District Council, what will happen to the employees of the Council because the The funds themselves are not enough to pay the salaries of the employees, except for other expenses of the Council which have to be spent, according to its needs.
“What is more shocking is that this issue has been raised in the Bihar Assembly where the BJP has criticized the government and demanded that it should discuss and debate on ensuring security and safety. People from Bihar working and living in Tamil Nadu.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, today said that he has urged the Coordination Committee (CC) of the MDA government in a meeting on Friday to suspend the Khalai Act. the state and the nation in peace.
Samla Hamarbamut Kharduit, Treasurer of the party, said that the victory of the youth in Gujarat shows that the youth of the village and the state have many talents which they can do well. in sports if they have the opportunity to showcase their talents or opportunities at a young age.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kharkrang said that they were involved in the murder last year.
Earlier, it was reported that Bah Pynshngain has intended to contest from Pynthorumkhrah constituency as he lives in the area.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge said in a tweet: “The families of the 288 people killed in the Odisha incident will not get justice if they are given praise. to the Minister of Railways.
She left for Delhi to attend a meeting held on Saturday and Sunday and plans to leave Delhi on the same day.
He said that a meeting with the Unions of Village Authorities will be called to discuss this issue and to decide what is best for the people.
Here I am referring to the living standard and the dignity of our morality in this age.
The Minister said that a meeting will be held with the Sub Divisional School Education Officers (SDSEOs) and Deputy Commissioners on this issue.
Besides the fact that there is no temptation within us, my friends, and besides the fact that there is a tempter from outside who cannot be seen with the physical eyes, these will not enable us to turn away from corruption.
The ECC also briefed the Waheh Shnongs on the progress of the work and followed up with the Waheh Shnongs on the impact of the coke factories by experts. .
Kynjatshai reporter also spoke to Bah Wilfred Nongsiej DC of EWKD who said that there is indeed an order to send shots into the air to stop the crowd. you are in trouble.
He said that the party demands from the state government through the Prime Minister to take action on this issue especially these 4 villages which have wanted to join Meghalaya besides the 18 villages in Meghalaya. Block II has already informed the government that they should not be in Meghalaya and should not go to Assam. he added.
“I have never stolen, but I first asked for money from home and bought drugs and then withdrew money from the drugs to buy drugs,” he said.
Many of our leaders are silent and cannot speak in the Legislative Assembly, because many of them do not understand what they are talking about in the meeting, therefore it makes them silent.
There are 21 writers who will receive this award on this day. This is one of the awards given by the Sahitya Akademi to writers. senior writers; of Language Respect; the Literary Academy Translation Award; the Bal Sahitya Puraskar and Fellow of the Academy to outstanding writers in any language.
“However, such measures need to be taken carefully because they need to follow the rules and regulations so that there will be no conflict,” he said. the reforms they proposed in the debate.
While monitoring the shyiap mining by Assam people in the Umïam River which falls on the border of Amphreng Village in the border areas, it was said that the shyiap mining has been too much to destroy the river, because People have used vehicles such as puh shilum and trucks to carry shyiap from the river, which is one of the rivers on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
“We have to look carefully and follow the right person, not those who just spend money and vote for them,” he said.
New Delhi, June 04: 95-year-old actress Bhagwani Devi has said that she will continue to play as long as she lives despite starting her career late.
The residents said that Paul Makri was urged to leave the protest site twice because the CRPF had opened fire on the protesters, but Paul Makri refused. He continued to join hands with his fellow KSU members who were protesting in Motphran until he was shot dead and his body was taken to the Civil Hospital.
As part of the Gaurav Jan Jatiya Divas (Tribal Pride Week), the Department of Arts & Culture in collaboration with Shillong Public School on Thursday organized a State Level Inter School Traditional Singing Festival cum Competition. " at Lariti Performing Center as part of the opening ceremony among the students who have talent in traditional music as part of the celebration of tribal culture and music.
You don't know where you're going.
The family members of the villagers have tried to find her but they have received accurate information that she has gone to Nongstoin. From Nongstoin, some villagers have met her at 9:30 to 10 pm and after asking her. I told you that I was going to Nongkhnum.
The fulfilled life that Jesus preached is Heaven here on earth and Jesus works and encourages His disciples and followers to create, build and fulfill Heaven here on earth.
However, it is alleged that Kuldeep tied Ganesh Roy with a nar rod on the head.
Shillong, November 4: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) will start the second phase of registration. Many people have benefited from this scheme especially the poor people in the villages.
The statement said that if there is no change, no matter who comes in the 2018 elections, the Congress will not win.
Firstly, I am still waiting for the arrival of Conrad Sangma from Tura.
“Yes, I got a job,” replied Rep.
The ceremony started at 4 pm with the erection of the Dienkhlam ka Bon at the Blai house of the Rangad clan in Chilliangraij Jowai.
To reduce the crowd at Shella Market and in honor of this day, the village has decided to close down the shops and offices inside Sohlap, which is the market place. and also to stop the traffic on that day,
This person is from Tamil Nadu.
We want to know in detail the purpose of amending the Sixth Schedule because it is special for us the indigenous people to protect our identity, land and culture,” said Bah Lapang.
The arrested MeECL employees are Heisalon Dkhar, 33, of Rymbai, Elius Wanniang, 40, of Mawkyrwat and Rishotlang Bareh, 31, of Khimmusniang, Jowai.
The troops raided the camps at Jura, Athmuqam and Kundalsahi after India received information that there were many militants operating in the area.
At the same time, speeches and explanations were given by officers of government departments on the schemes that the government has allocated for the benefit of the residents.
The prize was awarded by the State Bank of India.
It has now been 123 years since its foundation, to prevent the misleading of the Khasi children in the faith of others, through the power of foreigners, or the Missionaries of the church. Christianity.
However, the BJP has reinstated him after winning and forming a single government to end the Tipramotha's dream of forming a government. just finished.
There are individuals who say that no one has explained anything to them about the Corona virus.
The NLCN aims to register up to 1500 members and has already registered about 100 members.
If anyone dies from the Maoist attacks, some of their families will be recruited in Post Class III/IV in the state government,” said Sarang.
BJP President Amit Shah has launched the BJP election campaign in Mizoram and the first general meeting of the party started in Aizawl R Dengthuama. Indoor Stadium and about 7000 people came to listen to the meeting.
He also requested those who take part in the tournament to come early, to avoid any block or delay to the tournament and also requested everyone not to spread plastic or food bags which pollute the roads.
Two women including Abigail K Kamni and Phileta Syiem also took part in the competition.
Ashahel D Shira is an MDC from Batabari Constituency.
Mrs.S.Sohshang, Branch Manager MRB, Umsning Branch, as the Chief Guest, spoke about the benefits of these trainings for the people to learn more about the training of skills and to learn about financial support opportunities through banks to develop and expand the business.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09: The RBYF has announced its first protest on the issue of MUDA, Byrnihat, after the expiry of the deadline for the government to implement the demands of the RBYF. which ended tonight, May 9,
The Shillong Peak Ropeway, which will cost T.140 crore, is expected to be implemented by the end of this year.
According to the KSU, even the candidate for the post of Sordar, Bah Jeffre Khonglam, has two names.
Shillong: The Supreme Court has accepted a petition by Aditya N Prasad, a lawyer, seeking to know about the arrest of 15 coal miners in Jaintia Hills.
Sarma's invitation to Amit Shah is the BJP's intention to replace Amit Shah as Prime Minister in place of Narendra Modi. I'm from Congress.
The order came from a full bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee while hearing the PIL.
Therefore, he said that there is an urgent need for the MRB to improve the services of the department, so that it can provide convenience to the people.
“At present, I cannot say because the investigation is ongoing,” said the SP. The HYC has raided the houses of the suspects at Lum Survey on Tuesday.
Replying, the Minister said that he has already discussed with the Minister of Tribal Affairs that the implementation of EMRS in the State is progressing well.
U SHYNRAI:- Shynrai which is one of the herbs used in every household protects the accumulation of cholesterol in the blood vessels and is also very helpful in preventing heart attack and stroke.
He said that the opening of the market will open up the opportunity for the people to try to increase their income through trade especially by taking what will attract tourists.
Mukhla Raij beat Moosyem Shangpung 2-0 to qualify for the final of the 1st Division Football Tournament.
They also said that the Assam government officials have started to supply electricity to the border villages in the area by erecting signboards and installing electricity posts.
The jhur market in Sanmer has been set up to make it easier for the jhur farmers to sell their jhur at the market like at the Mawiong market.
The Nguh ka Blei and Dem Blei before the Seng Kyrsiew program will start at 8 pm.
The President of the BJP Kisan Morcha, Bah Ralden V Shabong, was present to support the NDA candidate. led by Mewanker Lyngdoh who worked tirelessly and held peaceful meetings and meetings to lead to victory.
In response, he said, “We have asked the questions well.
With this victory, Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC has qualified for the final of the tournament against Sutnga SSCC for the title this year.
Because the Garo call the Lyngngam 'Megam', the Lyngngam also call the Garo 'dko'
They said that the Bill will also violate the Assam Accord.
Lamphrang said the party also supports the PIL filed by THS Boney on the suspension of the border dispute with Assam.
“From 1st June, we will close down this road,” said the Sordar. “From 1st June, we will close down this road”.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, MS Rao today held a meeting of the sub-committee to discuss the standard operating procedures (SOPs) and protocols before the reopening of all churches and schools. where God is in the state.
The government alone cannot bring about environmental change if the citizens themselves are not responsible.
I don't remember that there was a volunteer invitation to his house during the election campaign or to hold a party when he won the election.
“We demand from the government.
“These members of the BJP Social Media will help to correct the news that does not spread the party.
Wheat is an acid loving crop or plant that can tolerate the acidity of the soil.
“Government jobs exist but to fill the vacancies there are rules,” he said, adding that even the 1000 teacher vacancies which have been appointed by temporary teachers have been filled.
On the other hand, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the protest in Delhi is a new and unprecedented initiative and the state government has come to encourage the protest. “The state government has recently met with the Prime Minister to remind him of all these demands for the recognition in the Sixth Schedule,” she said.
Shillong, July 30: Mini cabs and STPS buses operating from Mawdiangdiang near NEIGRIHMS on Friday staged a strike to protest against the decision of the police to move their parking lot to Mawdiangdiang. another place.
Lucknow: At a farmers' rally in Varanasi, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra said, “There are only two kinds of people who live happily in this country these days and these include the BJP leaders and others. Your friends are billions of people.
According to SP (City) Jeofreson Jana, he said that the reason for the abduction of the children was only because he had no reason with his wife.
However, Barca and Raphinha are said to be ready to hear a response from Al-Hilal, and Mahrez's departure will prompt Manchester City to submit a bid for the Brazilian. .
Whom then do you call darkness? In the song “Wah Rilang” the singer says: “I'm not in the room, I'm not in the room, they say it's still dark”.
When you declare that the country is not ruled by the people for the people and by the people; Gokhale said the call for talks has not ended yet. If these leaders have a responsibility to the people of the state, they should not be afraid.
Melchoir's appearance : He is an old man with a long head and long hair.
Only 431 males out of 821 voters turned out to vote while out of 810 females only 476 turned out to vote.
The three coaches include Pleasantly Synnah from Athletics, Mingson Rymbai from Karate and Chibaitmi Langstang from Taekwondo.
“Today, members and leaders of the KSU South Khasi Hills District Unit including Sohra, Shella and other areas held a meeting in front of the statue of this fighter and gave speeches. “We have to continue to fight and demand for the Inner Line Permit and also to stand against the Citizenship Amendment Act,” he said. , said Mr. Donald.
It is one of the districts in the State which is rich in various mineral resources. It is also worth mentioning that this district is also very strong in the trade in these mineral resources especially the coal in the Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District.
“This article protects only during the time when the President or the Governor is in office, and the court cannot rule against it”.
The first match started at 11:30 pm between Smit SC and Nongrah SC and ended in a 1-1 draw.
The reporter visited several parts of the city and heard the complaints of the residents about the power outage at 8 pm which has affected them severely.
It is not only in India, that all the states still have their own cultures, but there are other countries of the world, rich or poor, which still have their own cultures.
In the past, under the leadership of the wise rulers of the country, we got the College of Post Graduate Studies, Umiam with the intention of becoming the Central Agricultural University of Meghalaya.
“I came here to tell you about the problems that have come to destroy my land in Rangshi area without my knowledge, they have no right to come and use force,” said Simarbon.
Mary G. Momin, Block Resource Person, IE together with LK Singh, Coordinator IE, SSA-West Jaintia Hills spoke and explained about Inclusive Education and also the 21 diseases covered by the RPWD Act
Shillong, July 24: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday announced the fourth list of candidates for the upcoming June elections.
The Chief Minister was responding to a question on the Congress' allegation that the people of these three constituencies will vote against the NPP due to the lack of governance.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Executive Member in charge of Education of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Martle N Mukhim on Tuesday said that the state government's education department is worse than the state government. all the time and said that it seemed to fall completely.
The ceremony was performed in all four directions - east, west, north and south.
Memorandum : means petition-petition is a document of rules and regulations.
Shillong, July 27: The MPCC together with the MMCC today held a protest in front of the MPCC office to protest and demand the abolition of the Agnipath recruitment scheme.
We all need to have a sense of responsibility or civic sense so that we can avoid situations that can change in the future.
Months passed and the new month of Naiwieng came.
Even in case of illness, the Karbi have blocked the way for our people to seek treatment from West Jaintia Hills but they have sent Karbi Anglong, Hamren, Diphu where they don't even understand the language,” he said. said Mr. Sungoh.
Pastor Gadew said this while distributing the Word of God at 1:30 pm at the 1st Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Assembly at Sutnga Presbyterian Church under KJP Synod Mihngi. , East Jaintia Hills District which started on the 13th and ended on the 16th of this month.
After promising to extend the session, Bah Adelbert Nongrum agreed to withdraw the demand.
For women, they don't have to pay an entrance fee.
However, the Minister of Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, admitted that there are only in some parts of the error in the counting of electricity bills and the reason is due to the deterioration of the meters.
Sheila Dikshit, who has been prime minister since 1988 and continued for 100 years, lost to the AAP government led by Arvind Kejriwal in
This is ,just like putting the cart in front and the dog behind.
In a commentary on this story, Father Sngi I added that the words “that His heart was filled with compassion for them, because there was no one to teach them, no (Mark 6:34), they mean that the Government does not care for them, their leaders take advantage of themselves and their leaders, such as the Pharisees and scribes, did not care about them.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, Bah Ernest Mawrie, said that the meeting of the office bearers held on Friday last month has decided to convene the These two MLAs to end the differences if they have any differences of opinion.
They said that the Maheskhola market has been destroyed and there is no food left, the houses have been destroyed and now the situation in the area has deteriorated because the people have fallen. to go through many difficulties and had to build temporary settlements in the forest.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy on Sunday congratulated the Congress and BJP for their victory in the Assembly elections in many states.
In 1981, 81.5 percent of the foreigners in Meghalaya and 10pc of the foreigners in 1991, he said, 14 percent and in 2001, 14 percent and in 2011, 13 percent.
Along the border of Assam and Meghalaya there are also important areas, such as trade and income generating opportunities.
The EJNC also demanded that the JHCMA should implement the new fare as settled by the three parties which has been pending since last year.
New Delhi: Amritpal Singh, a religious leader, who has been on the run since 18th October 2023, has surrendered to police this morning in Moga and has been arrested. , by the Punjab Police.
“At the same time, he said that now that the elections are approaching, many parties in the government have started to involve themselves in some issues.
If UDP wins more, we can’t know what else will happen.
The Act further states that if different political parties join hands and form one party, they shall not be subject to the Party Act.
Many other such incidents happen quickly and are not known, because they are hidden.
Therefore, if the 80 are not taken care of, there is no point in enriching only the
FC Shullai, General Secretary of the Seng, presented the report of the Seng for the past year.
When asked about the statement of the Working President of the UDP on the protest of the VPP and Bah Ardent to force the government to change the Reservation Policy, Bah Ardent declined to comment and said, “Our struggle is not It is against any individual or against any ethnic group but the struggle is with the government to demand a revision of the Reservation Policy and as leaders we don't have time to criticize anyone but we will do your job," he said.
The EJNC is against the appointment of a new SP on the grounds that it will cause problems due to the language and the EJNC has admitted that it has witnessed many problems faced by the people due to the lack of understanding of the language.
In the Under 18 category, the age limit does not apply to those born before 30-11-2005 and after 30-11-2
The Central Government has allocated funds to Meghalaya for a long time.
It is also very sad to see evil deeds whether in the newspapers or on television, you can only hear that talking between people and the smell that comes out of their mouths that they are sick. he is not able to do anything wrong.
The DC should not take action against such incidents until the government has issued a notice.
Behold, your house is left unto you desolate.
Yoomeki Kyndait President UHM (East Jaintia Hills District) yesterday found that the NH6 is too bad, the road is bad and vehicles are stopped. It took about 4 hours.
In the past few days, a group led by the former Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai-Lumthangding, Bah Tarcisius Dkhar has met with the Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem on the village affairs. thaw.
However, she did not want to say that she did not want to, and she just changed the answer which was a waste of the time of the Dorbar and the people.
Guwahati: The number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has risen to 188, following the confirmation of three new cases in Barpeta.
According to sources, the Rangbah Shnong of Sawmer Shiteng village immediately informed the village authorities about the incident. The incident occurred at the police station.
Shillong, Nailur 6: After the Congress party has abolished many of its blocks, including Pynursla, Umroi, Nartiang, Mawkyrwat and others, the party has expelled its President. Albinus Kharbani of the Nongstoin Block Congress Committee.
The requests are processed to find the right ones through the right donors and a date is arranged for the donation.
The question now is whether these foreigners who are selling land have received a license from the KHADC.
He congratulated the founders of the school for the cooperation of the border villages and the JAC-JH to provide education to the children from poor families and wished that the school will grow from one year to another. .
Regarding the DC's ban, Agnes said that Article 19 (1) of the Constitution states that all citizens have the right to protest in a peaceful manner.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) has announced that it has opened its first window inter club transfer of this season.
Mr. Joshua Lyngdoh also gave training on various methods of transferring money or buying and selling digital currencies such as USSD (Unstructured Supplementary Service Data), AEPS (Aadhaar Enabled Payment System), UPI (Unified Payments Interface). ), e-Wallet and other Banking Apps.
“The steps taken in the preparation of the roster registers & roster accounts have been delayed and erroneous because the fact has not been taken into account for many years now, many of the youth who have been recruited through the Unreserved/Open Category. They are from the Khasi-Jaintia community, but the preparation of the job shows that all the Khasi and Jaintia workers have been recruited through the 40% reserved quota and no Khasi-Jaintia workers have been recruited. “This shows that Khasi and Jaintia have received most of the quota allocated to them,” said Bah Passah.
This is revealed in the RBI's financial report for the year 2019-2
The office of the Electoral Registration Officer, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency, informs the public that Booth Level Officers will come to the Polling Stations to work for these posts from 27-10-2 until 09-12-2
“There are many illegal gates set up along the roads where private groups collect money from vehicles carrying agricultural products and other products produced by the villagers such as synsar, mawthup. , tyrkhong and tympew.
He was also reported to have received extensive training in the field of weapons.
Thanks Wickliffe.
New South Wales Police said they are still investigating the incident as they have not seen or found those involved in the incident despite their efforts to reach the scene. this place in a very short time.
In the Constitution of India we know that the Reasonable Restriction applies as stated in Articles 19 (5) and 29 of the Constitution. India : Quote “Nothing in 2[sub-clauses (d) and (3)] of the said clause shall affect the operation of any existing law in so far as it imposes, or prevent the State from making any law imposing, REASONABLE RESTRICTIONS on the exercise of any rights conferred by the said sub-clauses either in the interests of the general public for the for the protection of the interests of any Scheduled Tribe.
In the past years, the department has seized two mobile phones used by Tangaraju to deliver drugs to his associates.
“We hope that you will take good care of the amendment of the 6th Scheduled,” said Bah Paul.
It begins with the mind of every person who seeks happiness and peace; but through the passage of time and the pursuit of the things of the world, there are times when man loses it for the reasons of turning his attention to activities that are only for profit. middle.
The seven officers are Joint Director of Civil Defense Meghalaya MK Sangma, Joint Commandant General of Home Guards Meghalaya Bah RP Khongwar, Senior Staff Officer Bah B B.Kharkongor, Commandant of Central Training Institute, CD&HG, received the DGCD Award, MHA, New Delhi, Gold Disc, Divisional Commandant of Home Guards, Shillong, Bah PH Shylla and Junior Bah G Kharumnuid received the DGCD Award, MHA, New Delhi, Silver Disc.
It may be recalled that the Durbar Shnong Umsen, has been closed down, after there was an allegation that the Khar Nepalis who live in the village, have started to harass the Khasi, by taking advantage of the They have started to interfere with the Khaddar administration in the village and this has angered the people of Umsen.
He said that in the past, such mental illnesses did not receive enough attention and care from the government, because there were no doctors who skills that can provide care or assistance.
Speaking to reporters, Elbira Thongnibah, the owner of the house, said that on the day of the incident, she was going to buy kynbat in the fields in Nongdilang. also leave four children at home, consisting of an older daughter and three younger sons including a 1-year-old.
On the relationship with the Sengbhalang leaders, whether there has been any discussion on various police complaints, Bah Sadon said, “He understands that the discussion is not over and if he wants to investigate, when the work, in progress, depends on him".
Thus ended the period of 1260 days or 7 years.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The BJP has apologized to the people of North East India for a mistake in the party's Vision Document, which has made the people of the North East like foreigners.
“Our party has always looked forward to the welfare of the youth, through programs like PRIME, we have promoted entrepreneurs in Meghalaya,” he said.
Speaking to Mawphor, a Riewrangbah resident of the area, who did not want to be named, said that the use of force by the Assam government and the KAAC authorities is nothing new. The Assam government has used its scientific methods to bring in Nepalis to settle in the border areas and to cross the border in parts of the state through these ethnic groups.
However, what is surprising is that there are Khasi elders who still hold to their traditional religion or even the elders of the Seng Khasi who have adopted foreign customs in many ways. you are the father of the shynrang.
Shillong, Naitlar, 03: The employees of EMRI-108 under the umbrella of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) have decided to return to work after the State Government has terminated the signed the contract with GVK Company on the second day.
In the tournament which will start from the 9th to the 18th of this month, the State under the banner of the Archery Association of Meghalaya (AAM) has sent only two events, namely the Indian Round and the Recurve.
Not only the church members but also the family members are encouraged or sad that a son who has completed his theological studies (the work of God) will enter politics (the work of the world).
AJMRWLU invites all members to attend this meeting so that the objectives of the union will be achieved.
“I will investigate him tomorrow and after that, the hearing will be held on the 5th and 6th of January.
The implementation plan was launched two months before the Assembly elections in the state.
According to the UDP Youth, the conflict over the Village Administration Bill in which both the KHADC and the state government have accepted their own views has worsened the situation.
In addition, journalists have spread this news across the state.
These robbers have taken the law into their own hands and committed illegal acts and the union demands that they should be arrested and punished according to the law. They shall be punished according to the provisions of the law, such as attempts to defraud the dignity of persons, harass and disrupt the movement of citizens as clearly defined in the Criminal Law Amendment Act, Shane Thabah, General Secretary, said in a statement.
‘Goodbye ‘The Lambs’.
However, after the death of Dr. Roy, the Mairang Civil Sub Division became the Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 30: The investigation into the Shella Bholaganj Block incident has been pending as the Additional Deputy Commissioner (ADM), who was supposed to do this work, is on his office visit.
On higher education, the Governor said the Government had opened the Shillong Government College of Engineering last year and would soon start admitting students.
He informed the meeting that at present the state has only two national parks, Balpakram National Park and Nokrek Biosphere Reserve, and three wildlife sanctuaries, Siju Bird, Nongkhyllem and Saipung. and has an area of ​​9496 sq-km of dense forests with up to 110 species of wildlife.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today announced that those students who are currently taking the HSSLC Examination, 2023, will be required to sit for the Central Universities Entrance Test ( CUET), for them to be able to study in colleges/universities in any part of the country and said that this is the examination, which must be completed, to be able to study at the undergraduate level. .
The Officer Incharge of Nongstoiñ PS has left for the investigation and found that Bah Tiar Sing Sohshang was killed by his son who has a mental illness.
He was arrested in 2014 in Baghmara and later arrested again and imprisoned in Williamnagar jail but escaped from jail in 2015 along with five others. He did not stay long at the AMEF and left in November
The signing of the last soskular is a milestone in the history of the North East, said Amit Shah.
In an interview with the doctor, she said that there is still a shortage of man powers or staff including MBBS doctors, staff nurses, labs, LDs, oxygen concentrators.
Better integration among states, KVKs, marketers has resulted in successful information and service delivery to farmers.
He asked him to become the Home Minister or Education Minister.
The award ceremony was organized by the Society for the Study of Law (SFSL), Jowai.
The incident happened at 5 pm this evening and according to sources, the cause of the accident was due to the speeding of the driver of the dumper truck. The driver of the truck said that there was a fire in the engine parts of the truck. Two persons were injured in the incident. Triban Boro, of Amjok, Ri-Bhoi and Rantu Das (26yrs), resident of Nongpoh, Ri-Bhoi, were arrested. take them to the hospital.
The purpose of this program is also to discuss the threat posed by the spread of garbage, the widespread destruction of the environment. The famine will come until mankind will have no place to live, because the main reason is the destruction of the environment which is the source of food for us mankind. .
“We have been told that the DPC will be held on Thursday,” she said.
“If Mukul Sangma forcibly dissolves the EC of the PDF, the name of Meghalaya should be changed to Mukulaya,” he said.
According to Bah Wailad, in the last four years, the outflow of funds in Jowai for development works has reached about T.400 crore.
He urged the central government to take action so that the members can escape from the problems as agreed with the government.
Prestone said that this is not only in the state, and urged the youth not to misunderstand the speech of Bah Adelbert, and to apply for vacancies. according to the advertisement.
Jowai: Four policemen of the Phramer Traffic Cell have been quarantined after they were involved in a car accident at 5 pm on Sunday morning. truck accident tests positive for Corona Covid1
Custom:In the Rympei Ïieng of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, the children are called “Pa” and “Mei” because they gave birth to them.
He said these machines are not theft-proof because they cannot be shared like other electronic devices.
How to apply:- Interested candidate may send their application in the prescribed application in duly filled up application along with the detailed bio-data at the following addressed within 30( thirty) days from the date of uploading the advertisement/ vacancy circular in the NEe website (Published on 23-09-2019).
The introduction of the Khasi alphabet by Sir Thomas Jones has also freed the Khasi people from those who have forcibly followed them and has given us a strong and lasting spirit.
A word before we discuss the subject, there is a saying, "Don't make any promises that you can't keep.
“We have all the documents proving that there is no boundary and it is still a Disputed Area.
New Delhi, Nailur 25: The Shiv Sena has decided not to cooperate with the Congress in the state assembly elections. a Great nation.
The BJP will also support the NPF in Outer Manipur Constituency and the NDPP in Nagaland in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections. BJP party, U JP Nadda.
“I told you yesterday that I will take it today, isn't it...” Bahdeng asked. “Yes... You said.
Samla Edmund Khongngai Leader of the HYC Sengkmie, said that the HYC has grown rapidly at an early age of 6 years, because it has leaders who have grown up. in the mind of the wise.
Liquor shops recognized by the government authorities have been allowed to open for seven days in East Khasi Hills District and the shops allowed to open daily are pharmacies, wholesale and retail. , pharmacies and veterinary clinics, petrol pumps, food delivery shops, highway truck manufacturing factories, self-employed businesses, light builders, water pipe builders, computer builders and wooden mystery shops.
Gangopadhyay hoped that the Meghalaya government would issue permission for the construction of the school as soon as possible so that the construction could go smoothly.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the government has no intention of evicting the residents of Them Motor, but the government has an intention to relocate them to the Them Motor. the place is not better.
The CM was responding to a question in the zero hour notice issued by the UDP leader from Nongpoh, Bah Mayralborn Syiem regarding the decision of some Hindu groups to put up posters to protest against the government. Christian schools in all parts of Assam to remove Christian buildings and churches from their premises and also to stop using schools from for religious-related activities.
Develop and implement comprehensive tourism policies.
According to Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh, the X-Ray machine at Shillong Civil Hospital is not working properly and the patients have been sent to non-government hospitals.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today admitted that there is a demand for money from the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (NLL) against some government leaders and ministers.
Prof. Monotosh Chakravarty, in his speech, invited the youth to come and write, to develop their talents.
School goers and market goers were shocked when the traffic jam started from 4mer, Upper Shillong.
According to this definition of the word 'corruption', how can we say that the VPP's demand to amend the Reservation Policy is corruption?
He said that on these grounds, the VPP has to hold meetings outside the Legislative Assembly.
So she got up and went to sleep.
The meeting was conducted by Babu RS Khardewsaw & Babu N Syiemlieh in the presence of Bah ED Nongsiang, Chairman JACATAM Central Body and Babu L. War, Chairman JACATAM Nongstoin Zone. Sub-Divisional School Education Officer, Nongstoin.
He said that through this film, the union has demanded from the government, the District Council and the Syiems to stop issuing NOCs and Trading Licenses to foreigners.
Take care of your deeds, take care of your words, for it is foolish to worry about something that is soon lost, and to forget eternity.
Shillong, July 06: The Meghalaya High Court today gave four months to the state government to respond and if it does not respond, the decision will proceed on the appointment of parliamentary members. secretaries in the current government.
Furthermore, I know that the Government will not be able to provide assistance or treatment when this disease spreads as rapidly as it has in other parts of India.
Lyngdoh won the District Council election from the UDP party and now many UDP members have joined the BJP including Sing Mulieh who used to hold the post of President of the UDP in Jaintia Hills. Shillong, November 8: Police today arrested two persons believed to be members of the GNLA. SP of South Garo Hills Anand Mishra has been arrested.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Nehru Youth Center, Shillong, on Tuesday held a Neighborhood Youth Parliament Program at Wahraw Village, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Nailar 28: Two football players from Iewrynghep Secondary School, Mawnianglah, Upper Shillong have been selected for the Under-14 team. of Meghalaya.
Helen Giri is the recipient of the Padma Shri for her contribution to the culture and tradition of Meghalaya in
Four years ago, he became a fugitive in Kolkata. The relatives of the child have lodged an FIR with the police but have not received any answer.
Shillong, Lber 14: U Bah Disparsing Rani on Tuesday said that according to his RTI, it has been found that the state government through the Revenue and Disaster Management Department has spent T.6,66,00,0 crore to pay as compensation to the families of those who died due to Covid-1
They are Bah SF Khongwir who passed away on the 14th and Bah DK Dkhar who passed away on the 15th of this month.
Dr Mukul said that these political parties not only want to eradicate corruption but also take responsibility to look after and protect for the people of the state as a whole.
Shillong, November 12: To attract tourists and make them aware of the richness of Meghalaya in the tourism industry, the Travel and Tourism Bazar will hold a three-day information exhibition in the city from the 14th to the 16th. December.
The delegates also opened an exhibition on the two-day Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav at Mother Teresa Park at the USTM grounds. that the Mahotsav is a symbol of freedom, progress and unity seen across the country.
The School Education and Literacy Department has already discussed with the teachers who should meet face to face. and children who have dropped out of school part-time and to ensure that these are re-enrolled in local schools.
As a group, all leaders and members must have cooperation, trust and understanding to carry out the activities of the whole group for the benefit of others.
Rishotskhem Lyngdoh of PFR Team B was named Man of the Match. In another match of Category 10 yrs Group A, St'Thomas Pynthorbah scored three points after beating PFR Team B. Wahlakhiat were unable to reach the field due to a collision at the same time as their Baby League match.
He also urged the land vendors to cooperate and follow the directions of the Tura Municipal Board (TMB).
She also stressed the need to take steps to achieve the goals and objectives in this regard.
He said that the Government has already announced the Homestay Scheme in which 2,500 Accommodation Units will be built in the next three years. “The 35% subsidy will be provided as a loan up to T.10 lakh by the State Government and 35% subsidy will be provided by the Government of India through the PMEGP. they will be able to collect monthly revenue of up to Rs 50,000 by paying an EMI of only Rs 5,000 thousand.
He said that for this reason, they have sent the people to MECOFED to buy urea, just one day after the ribbon cutting of Bah Nanusing in the area.
“This is no longer about KHNAM, I believe you the people know better,” said Bah Adelbert.
Thus, India to this day remains committed to neutrality so that its relations with Russia or with other countries of the world will not be broken.
Rupang spoke to many fish vendors in Iewduh to hear their feelings about the 15 day ban on fish by the government.
He said that as a nation especially the youth of this generation, we still need many young people who are strong in foundation, who have a vision and especially who have a spirit of responsibility how to work for the country. nation and how to develop it.
“The schemes of the Congress have been renamed the BJP and this government will fail because of its own lies,” he said.
He said that the union is sorry for the stinginess of the state government until these days and the union has not seen any signs that it will take action to fight against the illegal entry. The entry point which has been opened by the government has now turned into a shelter without anyone looking after it to prevent the entry of foreigners. the state.
On the other hand, the RBTEF also distributed prizes to the cleanest villages in Ri-Bhoi by Iamkhon and Saiden villages. Your prize will be awarded to you.
He said that this is not the first time that the BSF has searched the West Khasi Hills and this time they have escaped completely.
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday inspected the Shillong Government College of Engineering at Mawlai which is under construction.
On the other hand, the residents of the area have requested the government and MeECL to turn their attention to the area to restore electricity.
Tura: The ACHDO has demanded that the Meghalaya government should talk to the Assam government to recognize and include their names in the NRC list of those women from Meghalaya who have been involved in the NRC. marry in Assam, that they should be full citizens of Assam and should not be excluded from the NRC list of the state.
Tura, June 29 : The Chairman of the Lokayukta, Bah B.Dhar, IAS, has ordered the arrest of three persons on bail of Rs 20,000 each in connection with allegations of embezzlement of development funds. GHADC elections in Asanang Constituency.
We will look into what should be done,” said Bah Tynsong.
The NHS England has reported 765 deaths in hospitals, bringing the total number of deaths in England to 7,2
When the Khasi people did not receive any information at all and were angry over the Sanad Rangbah Shnong of the Nepali, they went to close down the Iing Durbar in the village.
The KSU has asked for an account of how he has used the MLA schemes in the last 20 years as well as the last five years.
Non tribals will be able to participate in the coal mining industry and the wealth of the nation will flow to these non tribals.
The JAC office bearers include Chairman Najim Kharmalki (WRBDC), Vice Chairman Kodios Thongni (HANM), Secretary Lawlyer Sangkli (FKJGP), Asst Secretary Gabreil Diengdoh and Organizing Secretary. Apnas Thngkhiew (FKJGP) was present at the meeting with 11 members of the committee.
The Executive Committees led by various CEMs of Jaintia Hills have been illegally appointed to get votes in the upcoming elections. The MLA of Jowai, Wailadmiki Shylla, today on the initiative of the MLA of Jowai, u Wailadmiki Shylla, has issued NOCs to the Dewbilat Companies without thinking about the future of the JHADC. The meeting was held between the members of the EC-JHADC and in this meeting they decided to prepare the ways and means how to raise funds or improve the funds of the JHADC so that it can stand on its own feet without reliance. shisha from others.
On the other hand, Bah Sanbor said that he wants to have an understanding on this issue as the BJP has only two MLAs in Meghalaya and if the ministerial posts are divided, it will not help. It is good for the party to open the door to attract leaders to the party instead of creating distrust.
The village leaders of Lapangap will hold a meeting to discuss how to move forward to stop the Assam border crossing and it was also decided to inform the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was held today to pray for the removal of the Corona virus from Bangladesh.
However, now they have to stay away from their doors and the reason is because of the spread of this disease which is not possible to stand because they say that just standing nearby can get rid.
Shillong, Nailar 27 : The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) on Tuesday explained why it stands against the implementation of the National Education Policy for
In the order, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, IAS, District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, said that there have been complaints regarding the collection of money from shopkeepers and other shlems involved in the trade in property. name of application for financial assistance or letters of demand for money, and this has caused problems to the shopkeepers and at the same time caused anxiety.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek today said that the state needs to have an Ayush Policy and Directorate to oversee and promote the Ayush Policy. you don't have to worry about this state.
“These leaders of this Union are only the office bearers of the Congress Party of Phlang Diloin area and it was formed on the night of July 30, at the residence of MM Danggo which was also led by MDC Bah Mansturdy Nongrem.
It may be recalled that on the 27th of March at 2 pm, a power outage occurred at Nongthymmai-Neng, Lyngiong village. Five children and a mother were killed in the incident. who died hashen.
After the neighbors saw the fire, they tried to extinguish it but could not do anything because while it was raining, the fire was still burning and it looked like petrol or umphniang sharak.
You also need to leave your home at the same time you need the support of your family.
He said that although the HSPDP has been in the MDA government, it is unfortunate that the issue of the party which it has been raising from time to time through this government, has not reached a conclusion.
Justin Marboh scored the first goal for Mawlynrei SC in the 44th minute of the SSA U-20 Football League 2023 against Dilingiem YSCWA.
Banri is very respectable from her dress and behaviour.
," the order added.
In a statement, the General Counsel of the SFJ said, “Sarma, don't be a victim in this struggle.
There are people who have lost their lives, who have lost hope in life.
NESIDS, a 100% Central Government funded scheme, has been revised and consists of two parts – NESIDS (Roads) and NESIDS (except road related assets).
“The Facilitation Center is the place to register but it is not only at this place and the government will also open the way for them to register at other places.
“The opening of offices even on the Jaitbynriew Day shows that these central government offices don't care about our Jaitbynriew,” said Bah SS Ryngkhlem Vice President of KSU Khliehriat Circle. insult) to our nation" he further said.
Regarding the allegations that he is the only candidate contested by Bah Prestone, “If they feel that Bha Prestone is standing, then support me because the vote you cast for me is like supporting me. to the one you accuse me of standing up,” said Bah Anthony.
“These are the big jobs that the state government has done and gone through in the past one year which really deserve recognition.
“This year's tournament will be played in Shillong which is the capital of Meghalaya and Kokrajhar (Assam) and we know that these states are rich in football culture and many I-League matches. It was played in Shillong.
“Police will conduct an investigation into the incident within two days,” said SP East Khasi Hills Mariahom Kharkhang.
In another match, NEIAH Shillong beat St. Edmund's College by 8 runs.
He said that what the present EC has done is because it wants to correct the mistakes of the previous EC.
He urged the people to have the spirit to help explain to others who do not understand especially those who cannot go to the polling stations, as now the government has provided the machines so that they can vote from home.
“If the police themselves want to arrest them easily, they can and within 10 months they can arrest them,” he said.
"However, in today's society it is much more difficult to take sides because the rights or goals of those two parties are not clear – when you listen to the arguments of one side, you feel like the one who has Foundation shisha;
The demand of the CoRP was supported by the BJP Umroi Mandal and the Eastern Ri Bhoi Farmers Association who attended the meeting with the land owners at Umden Mission.
Until master and servant, seller and buyer, rich and poor live knowing – god, then peace will arise.
The Garo Students Union, NESO, Khasi Students Union, Hynniewtrep National Youth Front, The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (INPT) and other organizations, including the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (INPT).
It is customary for the Governor to address the Legislative Assembly on the opening day of the Budget Session.
Secondly, they have agreed to send a Joint Resolution which will be signed by all three Councils and then sent back to the National Law Commission before 14th November 2023 regarding the grounds. These three District Councils have opposed the proposal to implement the UCC in the state and the same letter will be sent to the state government.
The Government aims to complete the project within the next two years and has set a timetable for all phases of the design as well as the implementation of the project.
The newly elected President of the BJP Meghalaya Mahila Morcha (BMM) Susuki Pariat has expressed her sorrow and grief over the videos of two women in Manipur. .
The protest by the resigned MDCs came after the Governor of Meghalaya told the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, that the district council does not fall into the hands of the government.
“Mei mab ia nga... Now I understand that I too am one of those who carry the sin of blood,” said Rida.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr M Syiemlieh said that the aim of the Block Health Mela is to provide training and information to the public on many schemes and targets of the government in the field of health. Therefore, the public should be aware of many health issues to avoid tragic incidents.
It is in this area that Nehemiah fights, argues and prays: “(Nehemiah 6:9) Prayer is a broad subject and carries its own meaning for each person. .
On the 27th, the last day will be held at Ialong Park where there will be a food fest, kayaking and rafting, para gliding, skiing, evening of thousand lights, wine festival and musical extravaganza.
In the final match of the Asian Cup qualifiers, India captain Chettri scored a beautiful goal in the 45th minute to give India the lead. by 2 to 0 at the end of the first half.
Sinha said that on November 16, 2022, the PA Sangma Stadium was completed but after two months of applying for permission, it was rejected.
Other tickets, which have been decided, are Fedrick Lyshang in Laban-Mawprem, Andrew Charles Gare in Mawshynrut, Rolan Mawsor in Nongstoin and Pariong-Mawthadraishan. and Mr. HB Nongsiej (Mr. Brol).
As usual every year, the dancers from children to adults took part with the sound of tangmuri, ksing and dhah, as part of the showcase of the culture and traditions of the Khasi Khara.
These troops, have closed their nar gate, and have not allowed anyone to come from Mawshbuit to Shillong, nor to those who have gone from Shillong to the village and this has caused a stir. There was a lot of fighting on both sides of the road near the Gorkha camp.
Zaman Sultani, Amnesty International's South Asia researcher, urged the International Criminal Court (ICC) to investigate the violations. war and other violations committed by the Taliban in Afghanistan.
According to a statement sent by the President and Secretary of the Seng, after hearing from social media, they tried to find out inside the village and in the surrounding areas, but they could not find any evidence. There is no such poster in the village or anywhere else.
Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah came second in Pool C while Khliehmynkrem came second in Pool C. Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah beat Nangbah Dukhu 5-0
And these things we speak not only for this year , but for all the seasons to come.
Another APHLC leader said that if the Autonomous State is not a Hill State, tell those who dare to say that they should still be taught by him about politics.
“The communication is fruitful.
The deceased was from South West Garo Hills District.
They have already informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills on Monday regarding the curfew for MeECL employees, which they decided to hold on Tuesday and Friday for failing to meet a claim they filed with the department.
She said that the duty of the government here is not to interfere with the tenders of various companies but only to select the best company for the benefit of the residents and especially from the for the welfare of the employees
The death toll has risen to more than 10,000 per day for the past four days.
I would like to urge the relevant authorities to take immediate action in this regard, so that it will not cause problems to the residents who rely on this network.
However, the government has not yet shown any signs of suspending the police and the struggle of the Mawlai residents has continued.
Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, Bah Marshal Diengdoh, Vice-President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi, Bah Centrewell Doloi, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi. FKJGP Western Zone, Banroy Wahlang and many others.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, KHNAM President Pyndapborthiaw Saibon said that the party has continued to provide additional suggestions to be included in the proposal to amend the State Reservation Policy.
Meanwhile, the State Government has directed the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to convene a meeting of all the Heads of Education Departments of the State to discuss the implementation of the NEP. After the meeting, Rakkam said that the meeting, which will be chaired by the MHEC, will also be attended by the Heads of NEHU and the principals of the institutions.
The total number of cases has risen to 12,008 and the death toll has risen to
After several days of strike by the drivers of commercial vehicles due to the increase in the price of petrol and diesel, it was also witnessed that many people supported this to demand that the government to increase the price of petrol and diesel. petrol and diesel as well.
Sharath Kamal won the title after defeating G Sathiyan 7-11, 12-10, 9-11, 7-11, 12-10, 11-9, 11-6 Sreeja Akula of RBI beat Mouma Das of PSPB 11-8, 11-13, 12-10, 11-8, 11-6
The speed of the vehicle was 160 kilometers per hour.
“We as the HNYF don't have anything to pay back for your son even though he has lost his life for the sake of the Jaitbynriew and we congratulate you for giving up your son and Your brother for the sake of the nation,” said Bah Bless to the family of Balajied.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has called for a 24 hour curfew from 6 pm on March 1 to 6 pm on March
When the police asked, “Why did I lodge another complaint today?”
He said Mawsynram is a village famous for its heavy rainfall.
Rynsan Pde was trying to hide the incident after the Maruti Swift Shariat (ML04 B 6007) collided with him.
In the semi final of the Under-14 category, North Liberty H/S School beat HK Singh Memorial Secondary School 3-1 by a tie breaker. Secondary School beat Padu Secondary School 4-1 in the tie breaker.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sharma has said that the BJP's victory in the three states of the North East shows that the people accept the BJP. Speaking on behalf of the four MLAs who joined the BJP, he said the BJP has grown rapidly in Meghalaya under the leadership of Prime Minister Naremdra Modi.
This will help in the future by setting up shelters in India and this will become one of the best growing jobs for women who are struggling to stand on their own feet. they kjot to rise in the book.
The Saitsama Out Post Police have come to prevent any clashes between the Karbi and Khasi-Pnars and the Assam Police have immediately rushed to the scene to stop the clashes. any unfortunate incident in the struggle of the two parties.
When Rupang arrived at the house this morning, dozens of Catholics had gathered to offer prayers in front of the cross while it was still standing.
Laitkyrhong 'B' Hima Khyrim led Shailangstar Khongsngi, Kobinroy Khongsi and Teiborlang Warbah in the first round of the shooting competition. Justwell Nongspung, Chesterling Kharumnuid and Teirius Marbaniang led by Justwell Nongspung, Chesterling Kharumnuid and Teirius Marbaniang beat the JTC Hima Khyrim team by 10 points. the articles of the kingdom ended 5-4
The training center is known as the Drop In Center and is located in Iewduh.
Jowai, November 31: The National Green Tribunal (NGT) in its hearing today in Delhi has decided to allow the transportation of coal until November
The report notes that there is irresponsible and reckless behavior in the use of power.
, Kamal Vihar, Raipur -Raipur -Manan Sethia & Ishant Talreja 22) Madhya Pradesh – Choithram School, North Campus – Indore -Tishya Agrawal & Aaditya Joshi P.G.Garodia School (Icse) – Mumbai City – Tanay Gautam Sheth & Aakash Viswanath 25) Andhra Pradesh – Mjpapbcwr School – Chittoor – B Guru Prasad & A Mani 26) Goa – Navy Children School – South Goa Ziyan Charania & Rawaldwep - Tuhashri Drkkmkgsss Kalpeni – Lakshadweep -Rana Jabin K P & Shanib Jaleel Cn 28) Tamil Nadu – Devi Academy Senior Secondary School -Tiruvallur – H Naveed Ahamed & Varun Anand Iyengar 29) Puducherry – Amalorpavam Lourds Academy Ajish – Puduyangar.
Before fleeing the scene, the robbers shot dead.
Shillong, Nailar 5: A public meeting to be held by the group of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit tomorrow at Malki Square, has been closed at the Secretariat. At the time of writing, the government has not yet responded to the demand of the meeting held recently at Malki Square, to cancel the announcement of the government through MUDA. related to the building code.
Klinsman Lamare lodged a complaint at the Ummulong Beat House against Briwon Pohshna and retired DSP Welly Muksor.
Sangma, who was the Chief Minister of the State, strongly criticized the Assam Government for ordering the people not to come to Meghalaya after the incident in Mukroh.
The UDP has no candidate for Speaker but others have their own candidate, the NPP has, the HSPDP has no candidate, the PDF has no candidate.
On the other hand, Swami Hika Kamananda said that in urban areas, most of the people have been vaccinated, compared to rural areas, so if the government suggests it would be better. That only those who have been vaccinated should go to places of worship will cause problems for religious leaders to urge the faithful to take the vaccine.
Conrad said that the department has been replaced from time to time due to the lack of ministers.
We may be in the wrong place at the wrong time (Read Luke 13:4-5).
If the current law comes into force, it will be another decision that will affect many churches, like the ban on logging, which was issued in 1996 and has affected many people. eh, I'm sorry, especially in West Khasi Hills.
Bah Kitdorius Dkhar – Vice President UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
At the same time, AMSSASTA reminded the Minister that the Government should ensure the release of the 4 month salary and 8 month arrear before Christmas this year, so that the SSA teachers can also receive their salaries. celebrate Christmas like other Government School Teachers.
They discussed many issues especially the protection of the minorities and also to work together to demand Tripraland and Garoland.
The meeting was attended by the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, the Moderator of the KJP Assembly, Rev WP Marbaniang, members of the Managing Committee, teachers, school children and others.
The suspects were identified as Chwamiki Lyngdoh, 32, son of Ganesh Ryngkhlem, Chutwaku, Jowai and Exeuben Lavie Kympat, 24, son of Ganesh Ryngkhlem. P Dkhar from Moosalyngkat, Jowai.
There were many other issues that the students of NEHU had demanded from the VC including inadequate footpaths, parking lots, distance of ATMs, books in the library. universities, inadequate playgrounds and others.
The Government's opinion is correct, because it has not seen what will happen from these two tests, which have appeared 14 to
Therefore, the union urges the department to take action on this issue.
Police have received a complaint from a woman of Wanda Bhoi that the Leadernessship threatened to kill her entire family on the 7th of this month and the next day after she came from the meeting. The family members of the victims found that someone had thrown drugs into the synthesis of water and cooking utensils which was suspected to be bih.
The FKJGP said that the leaders and relevant authorities have been visiting the site from time to time but nothing has been done yet. Circle and Rynjah Main Road have requested the relevant authorities to take immediate action on this issue as this could endanger the health of the people of Rynjah area. you announce.
The diseases covered by the Mission include diphtheria, measles, tetanus, polio, tuberculosis, measles, and hepatitis B and the injection will be done in July and July next year.
The RDA election manifesto also includes the promotion of employment opportunities for the youth, the rights of the disabled, the focus on women, the cadre of Civil Services. state, to promote agriculture.
Shillong, Jymmang : On the occasion of the 50th Golden Jubilee of Don Bosco Secondary School and CMC Nongkohlew, Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie has laid the foundation stone for the construction of the school. The Catholic Church is located in Nongkohlew.
So when the community loves and supports me, there is hope that I can do more," he added.
The Hima Mylliem, has requested the people to contact Bah Augustine Nongrum if they have any questions and at the same time announced that the documents signed by Bah Ioanis Narleng, They are illegal and all the people should not go to Bah Ioanis Narleng to get permits, moreover Bah Ioanis Narleng, should not interfere with any government schemes inside the village.
The first part of the program on 'Voter Registration' will be held on Thursday, March 7, 2022 at 7:25 pm.
We are all outside the home and we have the intention to shout on the streets and now we have a more special role because we are in the same Government and maybe I don't know what will come out of the effort,” he said. Dr. Ampareen's speech was given.
The Dy CM's letter against the village headmen of Sohra area came after they strongly opposed the government to withdraw the T.27 crore which is the allocation for the development of Sohra area.
Warning the government, he said that the increasing dropout rate of children has led to the lack of employment and other training opportunities.
All the parties of the country until today, They are still fighting against each other;
However, after 2016 in Meghalaya, this has decreased, although there is still growth in some parts of the country especially after COVID-19 which has led to a decline in income.
He said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has insisted on ending the suspension of court proceedings.
This is the difference between responsible legislators and those who do not just want power and to increase their personal wealth.
The Annual Meet of KCYCM was inaugurated by Kong Marian Maring as the Chief Guest and she also gave her support for the organization of the Karbi Youth Meet from the Catholic Church in Marmain as part of the event. and encourage these young men.
One of those beautiful villages is Sohra which is also one of the capitals of Ri Khasi but the availability of electricity in this village is not accurate.
At the meeting, the village authorities and residents welcomed the project which is currently in the process of implementation with the aim of improving income and create employment opportunities for the youth in the village.
To just leave and destroy the villages in Block II when all the villages are inhabited by the Khasi-Jaintia people is an unacceptable gift and a stupid statement by the leaders. and the authorities on behalf of our Government of Meghalaya.
Therefore, in relation to these issues, the members of the PAC, have demanded from the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi, to resolve these issues as soon as possible. At the same time, they demanded from the District Authority to temporarily suspend the construction until they can resolve the issue.
Danve Raosaheb Dadarao – Minister of State in the Ministry of Consumer Affairs, Food and Public Distribution7.
Speaking at a public meeting at Polo Ground on Saturday, Narendra Modi, who has visited the state twice in 10 years, said, “The Congress government in the state is not for the people. the people but it is the government of the gangs involved in the mining mafia”.
He said that according to the examination of tax records (sale, trade, excise motor vehicles tax, forest receipts and other non-tax receipts) conducted for the years 2020-2021 and 2021-2 that there is a lack of proper accounting which is a loss and loss to the State.
At 1 pm this morning, the VDPs of Pyndengrei Village came to chase the SI to Nongstoin PS Police Station, and threatened the SI and demanded his dismissal. The law enforcement officer but violated the law by fighting with the crowd in a drunken rage, and by threatening to shoot with a pistol at the VDPs of the village.
“The BJP has forced them not to appeal to the people of Meghalaya.
The HSPDP MLAs, including Shakliar Warjri MLA from Mawthadraishan Constituency and Methodius Dkhar MLA from Mawshynrut Constituency, together with Remington G Momin, Independent MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngam Constituency, have sent a letter to the government. NPP Leader Conrad Sangma on Tuesday evening.
“I would like to inform the House that the School Managing Committees of all SSA schools are appointed by the Government and not by the Government and the appointment of SSA teachers is conducted by the School Managing Committee. , the Government's recruitment policy does not allow full recognition even for contract teachers,” he said. state before they entered the school teaching profession.
“There should be an independent investigation by your office (Lokayukta) into the wrongdoing and action should be taken against those people involved in this crime,” Gokhale said. .
“We will take our own decision if they don't fix this or if they don't need our vote, because we have only 5 members, we don't know anything but it's not good because I don't want to be in the MDA government but I will accept the decision of whom I will support in the presidential election”.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today tweeted that talks on the second phase of the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya have progressed. long, for the purpose of resolving a dispute, in Khanduli & Psiar, Block 1 & Block 2, Borduar, Langpih, Nongwah-Mawtamur & Desh Doomreah.
The total expenditure is T.4.10 lakh (Four lakh fifty thousand tyngka) which was spent through the salary of MDC Bah Sanbor Shulai.
The new office bearers of KSU Umiam Circle include Bashem Kharnaior as President, Rijonstastar Rani as General Secretary and others.
Why were the mushlia afraid? They understood that they had deceived themselves.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 18: Lawrynjam village is one of the villages in Parïong area, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block Eastern West Khasi Hills District. he is from the village of Dommawlieh.
Before the match, Shillong Lajong were in sixth position and Malki were in sixth position.
“The NPP has promised to appoint jobs for the youth in the state but so far there has been no such thing and the people should understand that the NPP and BJP are not afraid to make false promises to the people and the NPP. BJP is the most corrupt party in the state,” he added.
“All the colleges in the state are affiliated to NEHU which is a central government university and therefore they have to conduct the Common University Entrance Test and those who pass Class XII have to conduct the Common University Entrance Test. to pass this test to enter colleges"
As a reminder, I Dn.
In the last bye elections, the NPP has given its full support to the candidates of the UDP.
Nongpoh, Nailar 12: Leading leaders of the National People's Youth Front (NYF), Mawhati Block today came forward to clarify the allegations made by the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare that he has not worked well, especially in relation to the roads and other development works in Mawhati Constituency.
In this regard, the District Administration through the Deputy Commissioner has already enforced Section 144 CrPC to ban the passage of medical vehicles and only those with a capacity of less than 10 MT can pass through the area. The Jingkieng and others who carry more than the border have to pass through the Nar Bridge which has just been constructed by the government.
The exact date and cause of the death of Rev. Thomas Jones is unknown as no death certificate has been certified by doctors except the burial certificate. the date of his burial was “November 1849”.
“There has also been an attack on the Seng Khasi in Raid Mawpun and it is still in the hands of the Syiem,” said Bah Arwan.
Nongstoiñ, June 3: Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Remington Gabil Momin on Tuesday visited the office of Sirdar Nonglang, Nonglang Sirdarship. , to donate to 25 people from Malchapara village who were given temporary shelter by Sirdar Nonglang, after they fled after being arrested without cause by the Assam police since the 28th of this month. they didn't.
After sitting for about 5 minutes, the daughter of Bah Living brought a sweet milk and three kinds of food including cake.
However, the farmers are facing difficulties because they cannot get other types of seeds if the government does not create the means to deliver them through the departments in charge of agriculture.
Before the rally which is also the first time in the constituency to hold such a march from Wahiajer to Ummulong, a meeting was held at Wahiajer Square. The meeting was conducted by Hamkom Khynriam. President of the NPP 1-Nartiang Block.
The JSU also appeals to the MLAs to take action against this issue and ensure that the 100 bed prefab corona care center in Jaintia Hills is entitled to be built to help those people who have received it. and to prepare for the third wave of Covid
Finance Secretary- Mr.Rimiki Lamare 6.
Drawing on this, he said that the things of this world, which have a beginning, will come to an end and that the believers should fear it, because the Lord Jesus Himself taught that one should not be afraid and that the goal of believers is for spiritual and eternal things.
Elections are the biggest festival of democracy and India is the largest democracy in the world, with the longest Constitution in the world, non-partisan, religious or ethnic groups but all are governed and followed in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution which is accepted as the supreme instrument of all things in the country.
According to the order of the District Magistrate, micro containment has been imposed as there are high risk contacts with those infected with COVID-19 and those who may be affected by the disease who need to be tested and also to quarantine themselves. active surveillance to prevent the spread of COVID-1
"We who have ring sti like this can't stand the cold anymore," said the father and went out immediately. "To father, you know how to earn," said the old woman. friend went to see that car first.
KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with Tramline Badminton Academy opened the tournament on the morning of 11th November by Bah Bawan Khyriem President of Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club. He was also the Rangbah Shnong of Nongkhyriem in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Dong, Youth Association of KSU Nongthymmai and the office bearers of Nongthymmai Sports Club.
Sebianstar Nongkhlaw scored the first goal of the match.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle under the leadership of Assistant Secretary Samla Edediesuk Shylla today visited Dawki. ruma and the party has arrested only one Bangladeshi khar.
The incident happened near Ajmera Marbles at 1.30 pm yesterday.
There were stories that when they went to the place where the group prayer was held, they heard an inexplicable voice until they couldn't sleep when they came home because they had hear an indescribable voice in their souls that stirred them up.
Mawthawïang, although they fought hard to score the six goals, didn't get enough chances due to the strong foundation of the Wahkaji players.
However, it was said that it was the child's non-compliance with the rules and regulations laid down in the country that led the authorities to arrest her at that time.
Boys HS School.
Shillong, November 9: After the announcement of the curfew, journalists, meeting organizers, partygoers and others rushed to the offices of the newspapers to inquire about the start and end time of the curfew. village.
On 24th June, the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli together with various organizations from Jaintia Hills protested against the gate in front of the Deputy Commissioner of West Karbi Anglong District Krishna Baruah at Khanduli.
He recalled that the EC of Mawlai Circle held on 10th June, which attended a meeting of about 20 members including Dondorlang Khyriem Organizing Nonglum Unit, had decided to suspend the circle. Wanstep has been sentenced to 10 years in prison for money laundering. This decision is like the decision of other members in the past years, which they accept the decision of the EC. Samla Beneslaus, who expressed his surprise that many supporters and defenders have appeared even from the parent party and said that he has become a seniority, the Sport Secretary of KSU Mawlai said that This has raised doubts whether he is the businessman of someone else.
“Three Bills have been introduced through the present Executive Committee and have already been approved,” said Bah Titos.
But they kept silent for the sake of the people when they were released.
The abductee was identified by Bapan Nath, Ramani Sinha of Cachar District Police, Rustom Ali and Raja Marboh.
As the village leaders, we have the impression that our village can attract tourists after a group of tourists from the Meghalaya Adventure Association (MAA) came to relax after their tour in in 2010, but even after that we have not thought of taking care of this issue, said Ialambha Syngkrem.
Besides, it was also found that there are other residents who have been affected by the eye disease, where one of the elders said that in his village too many people have been affected by the eye disease.
He said that it was after meeting with many poor people who have suffered from the decline in income and income due to the ban on coal mining and the ability of only a few to mine coal. it is unfair that he has decided to come forward to fight for their rights.
“Our rural food is very tasty and delicious.
On the other hand, the HYC has alleged that the company which is constructing this road has not followed the rules properly.
Here the article clearly shows the benefits of walking and what reasons can encourage you to walk.
In 1866, the British moved their headquarters from Cherpunjee to Shillong.
In addition, to assist the farmers to transport their produce to the market, the government has also decided to purchase 200 pick up trucks to distribute to any group or organization in charge of the kitchen for the farmers.
Besides the equipment, the MLA also donated Rs 20,000 for the cleanliness of the village and also donated solar lights for the village.
However, most of the political parties will receive the letter on Monday," a government official said on Friday.
“There is no change in Bah Process T Sawkmie, we have called and promised to support him, but such incidents we cannot take a decision to leave the UDP party and today we “We have joined the NPP party and we want to see that in 2023, the NPP alone will lead the state,” he said.
The union said the government should support this project so that it can collect more revenue if a coal market is set up on the border of Assam and Meghalaya near Byrnihat and Jorabat.
The Minister has promised to visit the college after the meeting.
According to the Prime Minister, there are many reasons for the delay in some land acquisition, land acquisition, and other reasons.
That is why the Word of God says, "But now, ye rich men, weep and howl for your miseries that shall come upon you.
“We have not come here to force or force you, but we have come to talk and resolve the issue of you responsible persons,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
Vikram Rai Medhi, Festival Director, together with Ajungla Jamir, Consul General of Milan welcomed all the participants including Luca Bernardo, Councilor of the Municipality of Milan and Vice President of the Anti-Mafia Commission of Italy, Sabrina Pane, Deputy Prefect of Milan, Ms.Denise Mutton, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Kang Hyung-Shik, Consul General of the Republic of South Korea, Kobayashi Toshiaki, Consul General of Japan , Dr Stjepan Ribic, Consul General of Croatia, Hadil Da Rocha-Vianna, Consul General of Brazil, Michelangela Vismara, Consul General of the Bahamas, U.P.Singh, Former Secretary Textiles & Jal Shakti, Government of India, Federick Roy Kharkongar, Commissioner Secretary Art & Culture, Government of Meghalaya, Dr. Ritu Ranjan, Head of Lok Ranjan, Secretary, Ministry of DoNER, Government of India and many others.
:Ls Syiemlieh Production Company has released a new Khasi song, “Por tlang”.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “Therefore, we urge you to take steps to withdraw this announcement and to announce and one to raise the application age for police applicants in line with other states in India for ST/SCs,” he said.
The KSU Wickliffe Syiem Knockout Football Tournament was played at Mawspeng Stadium, Mawroh where Nongkhrah FC played against Umran SC for the title.
There are also those who, from their jobs or marketplaces, take time to visit their children at home after school.
One thing we cannot say now is that 76% (seventy-seven percent) of the indigenous people no longer own land.
“In the history of my life, it is written that Bah Shakliar Warjri and Bah Methodius Dkhar are from the Khasi community. “If you don't like it, that's why we're holding that meeting,” he said.
“It is the first time that the state government has demanded such a letter from the Indian government,” he said.
You lyer 'ban Im because of the Ri'Once again to beh ha ngi.
The party recently met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh and sent a letter to Cyril V Diengdoh, IAS, who is in charge of the Home and Political Department of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The state government and the union have also lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner to prove that Ayush Kumar is not entitled to the state quota or the right to study MBBS from Meghalaya. Your father has Aadhaar in Bihar and EPIC in Bihar.
On this day, many villages in the Nongpoh area were witnessed to fall in cold weather which lasted for about 5 minutes.
After the Procession, a speech on the life of Mary and Jesus Christ was delivered by Fr.Jimmy Marngar. The Holy Sacrament was celebrated by Fr. Jimmy Marngar.
Through this service, it has been of great benefit to the young men and women and will also help the young men to understand the Word of God for their daily lives.
“The empowerment of women through the passage of this Bill will further strengthen democracy in the country,” Modi said.
They said that this decision was taken to protect the citizen.
The Minister also informed that the department is also trying to increase the number of laws and regulations with the aim of turning them into wildlife sanctuaries. .
When contacted by the BJP leaders in the state, they said that they are in talks with the Prime Minister on this issue as there will be a meeting.
Welcome speech was delivered by Jhanika Siangshai, President, Women's Congress Committee.
It is very difficult to maintain skin health amid high levels of air pollution, exposure caused by weather, lifestyle choices with little to build in terms of health , and many of the obvious effects over the years.
He admitted that the joining of Gavin M Mylliem and Banteidor Lyngdoh from the PDF has increased to 3.60 lakh votes.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Government has directed the Chief Secretary of the State Government to find land for the construction of and to the people that earn their living by selling in the market.
Women-led startups in the state are worth Rs 10 crore.
The Mawphlang MLA said that the New Shillong Township Water Supply Project and the Greater Ampati Water Supply Project were handed over to the contractors on 8th November, 2016, where the pipes have been purchased.
Earlier, the Naga group alleged that the Muslim population from Bangladesh has increased and their illegal occupation in the Naga-owned area has increased to the point of eating nothing. the products of their land.
Shillong: Pastor Firstborn Suting, Shillong, has reported that in the past few days, Pastor Firstborn Suting has appeared to Pastor Firstborn Suting. I talked to Pastor Suting.
HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle under the leadership of Samla K.Skan Rani Leader together with the members of the Circle, HNYF Mairang Unit, HNYF Mawnai Unit, HNYF Mawshut Unit on 23-4-2 Phan, Sugarcane, Slime and others.
The President of the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association was also present on the occasion.
At the meeting, Tombi said that the party will soon send a petition to the President and Prime Minister of India.
He said that to clarify, it is up to the NIA to conduct an investigation into this case, and the Prime Minister should welcome the investigation so that the people can know the truth.
The new office bearers of the Hynniewtrep National Youth's Front (HNYF) are Khrawbok Snaitang, Working President Shimborlin Langte, Vice President Anthony Wanniang and Shining Wanniang, General Secretary Khrawbok Mawleiñ, Assistant Secretary. Losmandar Marweiñ, Finance Secretary Michael Wanniang, SK Naior, Assistant Publicity Secretary Wanteibok Wanniang, Disciplinary Secretary Roshanroy Lyngdoh, Sports Secretary Jovial Rani and others.
He said that the government believes that the income of the country, the state can move forward through private employment and private factories. system, to provide policies, subsidies and alternative structures and system that will encourage local entrepreneurs.
(ALL).
Shillong, Jymmang 7: A man identified as Wonson Horam, 35, of Dimapur, Nagaland has been admitted to NEIGRIHMS Mawdiangdiang. Police have found that the shooting incident occurred in Nagaland.
Recently, it was announced that the State will host some of the Durand Cup matches in the city in April this year and also the re-entry of Shillong Lajong FC into the I-League.
After that, on Tuesday, the safe of A.Kharsyntiew was immediately stolen from her residence.
The program was supported by the Development Commissioner (Handloom), Ministry of Textile, Government of India and National Institute of Fashion Technology.
He wrote on the ball that it falls under the list of Bills that must be approved by the President of India.
He also expressed his satisfaction to see that the children have participated from the bottom of their hearts and urged them to have a spirit of tolerance and brotherhood.
Members of the Rev. JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee, leaders of the Church of God, were present to commemorate the 139th birth anniversary of Rev. JJM Nichols Roy. the Khasi and Jaintia Peoples.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday inaugurated the Dare to Dream Academy, which was launched by the Dream Foundation in collaboration with the Dream Foundation. In collaboration with Assam Rifle Public School, BBFS Residential Academy, Indian Football Foundation and Baichung Bhutia Football School.
In terms of language, we are very rich whether in written or spoken language, therefore the Khasi language, if it is balanced in all respects, deserves to have a place in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the US, there have been 22 lakh cases and 1.1 lakh deaths.
The father of BB Lyngdoh did not agree to support Rev. Roy, but his wife supported his proposal.
If we take the figures from the government, 2,42,857 people have received 2100 per person.
In the final of the Under-17 men's category, Assam Rifles beat H.Elias Memorial HSS 4-1 in the tie-breaker. after these teams failed to score for the rest of the game.
“We are in the process of preparing for the construction of the Ring Roads, but the problem is not that the government does not have the money but the land.
Therefore, the Minister has directed the ADCs to appoint experts to create mechanisms to strengthen the ability of the ADCs to generate revenue and collect revenue according to the quality of work and management of the ADCs in the country. to their own their own.
It is to be recalled that a group of Bangladeshi robbers have entered War Jaintia Hills recently and shot and wounded residents of Lad Darrang, Dawki, robbed and robbed a family in the village. Two Border Security Force (BSF) personnel of Rongtila Border Out Post were also attacked.
There have been many disputes and some have tried to bring about an understanding but it has not come to fruition.
Nongpoh, Naitung 22: HITO, Byrnihat Circle has stopped the excavation of the factory of a Marwari named Utam Zunzunwala at Umjojwa, Narbong. the coming and going of the people in the village.
If you wear a mask, you will be able to get the disease.
After the completion of the nomination process, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that he has high hopes to reach the goal of victory from Jirang Constituency.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Mawlai Mawïong on Friday met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District. .
Assam Chief Secretary Jitesh Khosla said that the efforts to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya are sufficient, said Assam Chief Secretary Jitesh Khosla in Shillong on Monday after meeting with Meghalaya Chief Secretary WMS Pariat.
Once again, the group of Bah Joy Khongmawloh has requested the KHADC to reconsider its action otherwise it will force them to rise to the white house to hold the election. you are clean.
At the meeting, the Punjab delegation also handed over a letter sent by the Punjab Chief Minister, Amrinder Singh to Conrad K Sangma.
During childhood, we spend time playing and running.
When as a nation we have learned to appreciate this path, in the future we will see that intellectuals, people who have the knowledge, the ability to become rulers will be willing to emerge. , that is, for now such people even though they are among our people but they don't want to come forward because they don't have lakhs and millions to vote during the elections.
The Wangala Festival is one of the traditional dances to preserve and promote the Garo culture in Meghalaya.
The four members of the HNLC are Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and two supporters Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh.
The path of the end of the age is now through the New World Order which rules the present world, with the wealth, power and fame of the world and these These things are run by evil forces from outside to achieve the goal of achieving a one world government. This will be the greatest order on Earth, which reflects the divine will of God. Lucifer has long ruled this world.
Shillong: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) today launched its MDC election manifesto and urged all the candidates to unite against the policies. of the Central Government which are against the rights of the indigenous people of the State.
Regarding the complaint of the union, through its lawyer, Amit Kumar, the NGT has informed the state government that it will have to take a decision against the state government or its officials. The hearing of the case has been fixed for October 10, 2017, said a statement from Bah A Shanpru, President of the Meghalaya Commercial Truck Owners and Operators Association, Shillong.
The District Council Market of Iaw Muchai was also opened to the public.
She said that if the investigation does not conclude according to the wishes of the people; The FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District will take the necessary action and will not hesitate to take a decision to issue a Quit Notice to foreigners in the South West Khasi Hills District. District.
“I am confident that the people will give their support to the Congress to rule in the state,” he said.
“Only if Assam sees that they are carrying equipment to cut down trees, there is only an Assamese.
It is said that during the ancient plague, it was the mouse and the goat that helped drive away the plague.
After this, we will discuss further measures to be taken in relation to the decision of the NCCOEEE,” said CCORMAU.Shillong, Nailar 7 : The Seng Bhalang and the residents of the state do not oppose the introduction of the The railway line to Byrnihat will be closed if the central government is willing to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong.
According to the State Sports Council (SSC), the works completed include the construction of a floodlight at the JN Stadium, Polo Shillong, the construction of a plastic playground at Mawlai Stadium. , construction of plastic ground in Ladthalaboh, Jowai, construction of plastic ground in Mawkyrwat.
Many of the problems faced by the residents were discussed at the meeting due to the MUDA boundary crossing including the permits required to build houses, electricity, water supply and others.
When asked whether there is a way to move the project to other places because there are some opponents, De said, “The NFR doesn't have the authority to do that, but we will. The Railway Department of the Central Government has decided to complete the project in Rilum Khasi Jaintia.
As part of the implementation of various schemes aimed at providing support to the citizens of the state, the Chief Minister of Karnataka, Basavaraj Bommai, has reviewed from time to time the the implementation of schemes to ensure that assistance is provided to those in need.
Shillong, November 14: Police have arrested the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem from his residence in Mawlai-Mawdatbaki.
“The youths who attended the convention have received the approval of their parents and the parish priest.
Two of the three persons were women from Umrit village who were accused of sending evil spirits, while another man from Umkadhor village was accused of sending ai ksuid. he is the one who has been accused of demons.
These leaders strongly criticized the Seng Riewlum leaders for allowing them to lead the government, while once the people have given permission, they cannot lead the government.
If you are strong in your home, no one can tempt or force anyone to do wrong.
“What is more important is to provide the necessary training in various fields to the youth.
Dr Tom McCollough, who led the research, said that there are three sites, which are similar, but only the site known as Khirbet Cana, which is true.
Only those who fall under the BPL category will be allowed to live in these government houses. Therefore, in order to select the poor households and those who are eligible to live in these government houses, the The committee was established by the Nongpoh Town Committee.
On the 21st of June this year, a child identified as Ibapynhun Iawphniaw, son of Katbina Iawphniaw and Bah Synsharlang Syiemlieh of Mawkohphet village, South West Khasi Hills District, has been arrested. I lost both my hands due to being caught in an electrical fire while playing near a transformer which had no protection around the area.
For this reason, Fr Sngi has set out to find ways to establish his rasong in the name of Sohpetbneng, as the source of the humanity of the Khasi people.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Bah Peter S Dkhar, has said that he will send back the strike until Saturday night. “I will write again on Tuesday to remind the government,” said the DC who is also the Chairman of the DSC. .
Question : These new offenses laws do not include provisions relating to sedition but include a new provision on sedition.
In a statement sent to the media on Tuesday, Kingstone said that in 2021 he filed a complaint against the incumbent NPP MLA from Mahendraganj constituency Sanjay A. Sangma and others. on the non-completion of the Member Hostel project in Tura worth T.6,01,31,100.00 crore and this money has been allocated through the Special Assistance of the Central Plan Scheme for the year 2015-2 The Ministry of Finance has released T.100.71 crore as Grant-in-Aid to the GHADC for the construction of the Schedule Tribe Areas.
A total of 19 children and 4 shooters from the Association attended the exhibition.
Whether at this age or in the field of journalism, it is true that I should call Bah Lambok Thabah, the Editor of U Nongsaiñhima, 'Ñi' because he has been more successful than me.
Prestone also expressed his appreciation to the state government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, which through the wisdom and understanding of the Ministers in the government has been able to bring about many development projects in the country. The state as a whole and the government will ensure that all villages receive development projects.
The Inspector General of Prisons, JK Marak, said by telephone that it is true that these four persons were arrested by the mob and bombed to death.
If I do more, I will receive my reward.
In the large rivers, they use chairs and trees to walk from one side to the other of the river.
He said one of the main programs is the CM-Elevate, in which the Government has provided the highest subsidy especially to livestock farming which is up to 50%.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the closure of the Indo-Bangladesh border until October 2, 2013 to ensure a smooth and fair election in Meghalaya. The State of Bah FR Kharkongor on Thursday.
Shillong, Nailar 29: A day after the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) alleged that the Hills Farmers Union (HFU) is only a broker of the farmers, one of the leaders of the HFU, today slammed the farmers. He said that if the buyers accuse the HFU of being a Dalal, but the buyers are only High Level.
The men's category includes Maitphang Mawsor (32-35kg).
These bajahs are those who do not need to vote.
The union has found that today, 01/06/2021, that despite the large number of people who want to come to withdraw and deposit money, but it has been found that the computers are not working at all and not only but on other days when the bank is open.
Norrie, who lost to Carlos Alcaraz in the final in Buenos Aires, also won the Rio Open.
Ltd for the Kynshi-I Hydro Electric Project to generate 270 megawatts of electricity.
It is here that Jesus Christ will be anointed for 1000 years to rule over the earth.
He said that while police are collecting information on these incidents, another bomb blast occurred in Laitumkhrah on 10-8-2021 and sources said. , that there is still a plan to blow up bombs in the metor area, Secretariat, Iewduh and other places in Shillong.
Speaking to the people, the PDF leaders explained the principles of the party's stand for the protection of the state and especially for the preservation of the customs and traditions. in the whole of Khasi Jaintia.
If you tell the KSU not to prepare and do too much politics because the time is still two and a half years left, while you yourself have remembered that political struggle of the KSU now.
The BJP NDA has not won a single constituency in Kerala.
In West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi Districts, the participation of schools has reached 60 per cent at the district level, while at the block level in Bhoirymbong, Mawryngkneng and Pynursla, the participation of schools has reached 80 per cent.
In the XCO Women, Phyrnai Kyndait of WJACA came first, Lawankotdor Swer of East Khasi Hills District came second and Hakarupaia Dkhar of WJACA came third.
The vehicle collided with a truck at 3.30 pm near Khalapur.
He said that the party hopes to elect a candidate to win the mid-term elections and said that there is no point in the existence of KHNAM if they cannot nominate a candidate. .
From the top of this hill you can see two beautiful villages, Pyrda and Kukon.
As the days and years go by, the situation in our country is getting worse and worse in terms of income.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) led by Donald V Thabah (GS), Shemphang L. Mawphlang (VP) and Sonstar Nongkhlaw (AGS) on Tuesday met with the Medical Superintendent of NEIGRIHMS, Dr. Dr. Noor Topno today at 3.30 pm.
Shullai was defeated in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking to reporters, he said that compared to the incident, the collapse of the dome of the Legislative Assembly does not match.
