Medicines were also distributed in Kher Pyrkan, Disong, Duba, Jamew, Jasir and Mawryngkhong.
The JMB has no other sources of income except garbage collection fees and central government schemes.
Scy, Chief Organizer.
In this regard, I would like to condemn those who have diverted this issue to religion or religious differences because this article and what I have written earlier in this article does not apply and if they divert it, it is a thing they do wrong or think wrong.
According to the announcement, these markets are for the sale of agricultural products including vegetables and fruits.
Samla Wandapynkmen Marweiñ President HYC Lai Lyngdoh Circle, said, “Ka HYC cannot help by force, but in a small way we express our gratitude to you in these midst but don't worry God will bless you. help you".
Other speakers who spoke at the meeting included PS Marwein President NBCC, Bah N Nongdkhar Adviser NBCC, Bah Kumar K. Bani President NBCC, Bah L. Marwein Secretary DCC Mahila, Bah B.Nonglang President DCC and others.
Shillong: The 3rd Independence Cup 2019 has come to an end in the Under-100 Boys League.
During the search, the children were found to be in possession of drugs, injections of denrite, kynja and other drugs.
Nongpoh: The Executive Committee of the UDP Mawhati Circle and the UDP Ri Bhoi Circle today decided to nominate Bah Baiahunlang Makdoh, to be the UDP candidate in the 2023 elections.
The scheme will provide support to handicraft makers and traditional weavers in urban and rural areas.
Khliehriat, November 21 : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District under the leadership of its President, Bah Streamly Suchen, has donated to the 7th Child Care Institute Cum Counseling Center at Tuberkmai Village. The President of the Institute, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, has inaugurated the foundation stone of the Institute in the presence of the members of the Institute. There was also a short meeting at the Centre.
The Commission has been closely monitoring the matter with the state government,” said Safiq.
Nongthymmai have been promoted to the SPL after finishing second in the First Division in
“I have nothing to say on this.
He said that since 1972, there have been 20 meetings between the Chief Ministers and nine meetings between the Chief Secretaries of Meghalaya and Assam.
Thus, baptism is repentance that after repentance is baptized with water and the Holy Spirit.
Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS, briefed on the work of the Shillong Municipal Board during his tenure as Chief Executive Officer of SMB. but what is needed is to instill in the minds of the citizens to be hygienic with the cooperation of all.
However, the sad news will be for France, when Karim Benzema, one of the country's top scorers, will not be able to play this time due to an injury.
Bantei said that Jason Mawlong and Gavin Mylliemngap have never expressed their desire to take over the post of Minister but to discuss this, we will hold a meeting at this month you will not come".
It is no longer easy for Bah Pala to contest because of the sudden collapse of the Congress party since 2021 after 12 MLAs left to join the AITC and the remaining four MLAs, He contested from the NPP or the United Democratic Party (UDP).
They also alleged that the NPP-led EC has not been able to provide an account of the expenditure of the Council for more than four months. We strongly condemn their actions,” said Rupert.
Moosiang Lamare Old SWO beat Tubershohshrieh SC 2-0 with goals scored by Meshwa Lapasam in the 61st and 76th minutes.
“We want to have our own factory which can manufacture all the necessary equipment in the state so that we can say that it is manufactured in Meghalaya.
“If these government ministers deny the danger of radiation, let them drink the water from this well and we will see what will happen and how much you will suffer. late".
When asked whether the people recognize their work which they have started for more than a year now, “There are people who recognize the work we do, there are also those who come to offer to help but we don't. I don't want to accept the money, I don't want to accept the money, I don't want to work for you, there is a man who asked me to help Disparsing Rani. Then he gave us the tools to throw away the garbage,” said Bah Kyrshan.
However, the SLFC, which had a lot of luck, scored the first goal in the first half, which was also a goal that encouraged the team as a whole.
In the category of College: 1st Samborlang Pde, Shillong College, BA 3rd Sem. 2nd Blibor Suting, BA 5th Sem.
Gigur Myrthong MLA/MDC Mawshynrut Constituency was also present to witness the event.
Police have not yet arrested Santhoshi, as she had to wait and treat her husband at the hospital.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the welfare of the farmers and the people living in the rural areas is the top priority of the state government.
Thus all night he turned his sleep from right to left, because he was not sure whether Riia would accept or not his thought.
Bawan Khyriem said that Jemino Mawthoh should know the matter before taking the name for himself.
Shillong: U Leader of the Opposition, Dr Mukul Sangma today urged the State Government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma to implement the MRSSA Amendment Bill, 2020 before it is received. ILP in the State.
The public hearing was held at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai on Friday.
“We strongly condemn not only the robbers who killed 10 mothers and children on the 11th of this month in Mynkre but we also strongly condemn the excise department for allowing them to open illegal liquor shops. We urge the law enforcement authorities to punish the robbers who killed these mothers and children and we also demand that the DC of EJHD should remove all the illegal liquor shops in EJHD. EJHD" said Mr. MH Dkhar.
The Calcutta High Court on Tuesday said a report sent by the state police has explained that the incident on Ram Navami was unplanned, even if the TMC and BJP they continued to point fingers at each other regarding the incident.
“If there is violence on the right to free speech and any act of violence against the opposition, which is politically motivated, it should and must be strongly condemned.
Regarding the payment of wages, the Muster Roll demanded that the government authorities and government departments should follow the rules of law by depositing the wages into bank accounts and not just hand over them. cat sha snow.
On Sunday, a march was held in front of the State Capitol building in Lansing, Michigan, carrying flags and clothing related to the Trump team and calling for this the election is not rigged.
Princess Haya, a beautiful young woman, has divorced her husband, who is worth £9 billion, but has left Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al-Maktoum. who is also the ruler of Dubai and took with her a £31million fortune to start a new life, according to the report.
Also present on the occasion were the Secretary Dundee C Khongsit and the Chairman Marbud Dkhar.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong, Deborah Marak said the state government can provide assistance to the founders of this business.
The DSWO of West Garo Hills has met and talked to only 10 women on 13th June 2014 but two others have been invited to talk to them in another room at 7.50 pm at the Police Station Women Cell. accompanied by Janice K Marak who allowed these women to show their signs of illness on 9th June 2014 at the Women Police Cell in front of a man and a newspaper photographer.
When asked whether there was really corruption in the last MDA government, he said, “I cannot say anything because at that time, I didn't know each other well.
He said that a training program will soon be conducted for the drivers under the banner of the Drivers' Association where many bus drivers, four wheeler drivers, taxi drivers who need this training and There are more than 600 drivers waiting for this training program and to complete this, the Health Department will continue the training tomorrow and in the following days. more than a month.
These matches are also in preparation for the 2023 AFC Asian Cup to be held in July next year.
He also invited all the BJP leaders who have left including Bah JA Lyngdoh and other leaders to come and support him as a candidate for the BJP ticket. if your party writes a ticket.
These trucks number ML 11 2113 and ML 04 B 1999 were carrying shyiap to Lakhon Phawa.
The Kemrang Social Welfare Organization (KSWO) has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of lack of shelter since the rainy season. It is time to repair the flooded area.
There are 13 stadiums that have not been completed and these include the Indoor Sports Hall at Tpep Pale, Jowai, the players' accommodation at JN Stadium, Polo, Shillong; Construction of Indoor Sports Hall at Chandmari, Tura, Construction of Indoor Sports Hall at Garobadha, South West Garo Hills, Construction of Outdoor Stadium at Dakopgre in Tura, Construction of Stadium at JN Stadium Polo, Shillong .
Also present on the occasion was the Chairman of GVK, Dr. GVK Reddy who said that GVK has a plan to introduce new equipment to ensure the assistance to the people.
Sources close to the party said preparations for 2018 and the search for strong candidates were in full swing.
“We are not border guards and we are afraid of such news, if we have to die in the bullet of the government or in the bullet of those bloodthirsty mafias of the government.
To complete the cleanliness drive as soon as possible, young men and women, mothers and fathers are urged to come out and take part in the cleanliness drive, said a statement from the publicity secretary of the village Balajied L Dkhar.
The Union also urges the beneficiaries to be vigilant and think of themselves in the midst of this natural disaster, in order to avoid any danger.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naitung, 28: It is a disappointing and shocking thing on the one hand because even after the request to the government through the MePDCL office to do something or provide assistance for the child who has been killed. I have lost both my hands but unfortunately I have not yet provided any assistance.
“We have met with people around the country to explain why this new political party was formed and what its principles are, and the party has gone ahead to find candidates who understand and “I don't know what to do,” said Bah Ardent.
We are confident that we can accomplish this task because we have the following strengths: • Knowledge through the implementation of our National Immunization program over the years.
He said that in the nine elections since 1973 there have been more than 1000 candidates.
This was announced by the Village Council of Moopyllaitsyiar, Khliehtyrshi on Tuesday after a consultation with the Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi.
“Why should the market be closed, why is there Corona only in the market?” he asked.
The team has not suffered a defeat so far, winning four times and drawing four out of five games and scoring 16 points from these last games.
On the other hand, Bah Bindo M.Lanong said that the BJP-led government has decided to accept three issues that are important to the people. Railway', secondly the introduction of Hindi and thirdly the law to conduct drone surveys for Meghalaya as well as other states by foreigners who have to come stay for ten years.
Ten Manipur MLAs from the Kuki-Zo group, including seven from the BJP, sent a letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi last month requesting them to These posts of DGP and Chief Secretary have been issued for the Kukis residing in the districts of Manipur.
He rejected the claim of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District before the State Court that all the payments have been paid to the affected land owners and the Court has issued an order to demolish the land. all the buildings.
HSPDP leader and MLA from Rambrai-Jyrngam, Bah K Plasting Pangniang, said the party has already decided to seek a report from the HSPDP departments in Nongstoin on how they feel and what decision they have taken. LG Nongsiej and Morningstar Mawsor from the people of Mawshynrut.
The club also thanks the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) for allowing the club to hold the second stage match and also to provide a practice ground.
In these days, we see that the Jaitbynriew has been enchanted, mortgaged, unemployed, not creating employment. years from Matric to master degree and other education levels have been unemployed and the Jaitbynriew has started to struggle like fish in the pond (slavery, foreigners) in their own country especially in peace. food and drink and daily necessities until the life of the poor and needy has been destroyed.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that what Angela Ryngngad said recently is unacceptable and untrue.
The union alleged that there are many reasons why the Acting Syiem of Bhowal Hima has used force, but the leaders said that they do not want to raise the issue at present and they will raise it later.
If the Spirit of God does not take root in a person's heart, it is useless to build a church or temple.
He said that the conference will be held twice, one in Shillong and one in Tura, where in Shillong will gather intellectuals from Khasi Jaintia and in Tura intellectuals from Garo Hills. .
India has emerged as a country with a large Muslim population.
We know that the government has opened the door for the youth to train themselves for the Civil Services Examination.
Many of the people who attended the meeting expressed their desire to take advantage of these government schemes.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong has already informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District and NHAI and requested to repair the road immediately, but no action has been taken. The Dorbar Shnong and the NHAI have not complied with this request.
There are about 2,00,000 posts in government jobs of various departments and there are 1.5 lakh vacancies in teaching jobs.
The DPO, ICDS, Y.Najiar, spoke on the duties and responsibilities of Aganwadi workers, ASHAs and members of SHGs to perform their duties as directed by the MSRLS to reduce the number of of MAM and SAM in children.
The tournament was scheduled to be held last month but due to heavy rainfall it was postponed to tomorrow.
Such leaders want the people to vote again so that they can lead the people and the state back to the forest after the MLA election
Your judgment is clear; it is a Muslim-converted threat.
The curfew will be lifted in Shillong, but it will be prohibited to gather more than five people.
In Jowai, Ïawmusiang is still under construction of the complex.
The arrested were identified as Nadeem Mohammad Idris Shah and Akshay Lakshman Vaghmare.
Nongpoh: Thousands of people from different villages in Ri Bhoi District have gathered at a public meeting convened by the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) at Umsning. The BJP government has strongly opposed the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019, and through this public meeting, the voice of the demand for ILP in the state has been heard.
He said that there are 440 Integrated Village Cooperative Societies and 28 Organic Farmer Producer Organizations and Rs 78.5 crore has been invested in agriculture.
He said that all the financial matters of the KHADC which are in the bank are the Secretary to the Executive Committee who is in charge and who can withdraw the money.
Shillong, November 9: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has demanded that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) should recognize the practice of herbal medicine in Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, Bah Donald Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said, “The KSU will not accept the Central Agriculture College, which will become a college as planned by the Ministry of Agriculture.
The meeting was attended by 14 Waheh Chnongs from 20 villages in the Elaka.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District, has clarified that Mawsynram is not the village where Ram lives as explained by a foreigner, but the village council. It is a village named after a man who came to build a house when they went to Bangladesh via Hatmawdon.
He also asked the Government whether it has taken any steps to remove the check gate of the Assam Forest Department which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
The length of this road is about 40 kilometers and it will require the construction of a bridge across the Kupli River.
The DMK MP's remarks have spread around the country and were further helped by BJP spokesperson Shehzad Poonawalla, who alleged that Indian leaders did not Maran said that those who speak English work in big companies, while those who speak Hindi work in big companies. do only the work of the wicked.
Pala said the BJP's target of 400 MPs in this election is a shock because it understands that the people no longer trust and the BJP is also in the midst of a dispute among its leaders by removing the ticket. Pala appealed to the people of Mawlai constituency to support the Congress so that the victory will be a blessing once again for the country and the state especially for the poor. in the midst of trouble.
Today, 478 new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Maharashtra, bringing the total number of cases to 4,232 and the death toll to
Pynbha Suting of Lamare SC has been selected as the player of the match.
Without turning your eyes, you can see the widespread destruction of trees and shrubs, which is accompanied by the destruction, destruction and destruction of the landscape.
The New Shepard capsule has flown at an altitude of 66.5 miles (107 kilometers), and the occupants of the capsule have experienced a loss of body weight. son of the world.
The program was also attended by Dr. TS Momin, District Tuberculosis Officer, Dr. E. Kalwing, Director of Nezone Pipes and Structure NTL Steel, Dr. Yash Agarwal and other doctors, nurses and TB patients who came to take part in receiving these food items.
He said that all the beneficiaries have been given checks so that the money can enter the accounts of the beneficiaries.
Meanwhile, the Union Finance Department has already allocated T.300 crore for the implementation of many capital projects, he said. I would like to congratulate the Prime Minister and the Union Finance Minister on the collection of such funds.
He created and transferred the Khasi State to a district in the Constituent Assembly of India.
When the Government of Meghalaya has placed all the teachers on duty for the census in 2020, there have been many problems inside the schools/colleges especially since many teachers have been on duty for the census.
Instead of helping to answer the question, the Prime Minister said that the answer needs to be prepared.
The Seng Khasi Nongwar on 17th October 2013 to revive the Shad Suk Mynsiem after 50 years in Nongwar village which has 10 to 12 households who practice the Khasi religion.
MPCC Vice President Ronnie V. Lyngdoh has alleged that the NPP's 2018 policy on financial affairs is false. and according to the CAG report, it is incomplete.
Our initiative has been recognized by the Government of India where Meghalaya has been selected as the top state in the country along with Gujarat and Karnataka in the National Start-up Rankings
It is through the involvement and responsibility of all the citizens that we will have leaders who are capable of implementing khadar governance and promoting sustainable development.
“Motphran is known as a monument to the Khasi soldiers who gave their lives in France during the First World War.
They also said that the protest will end in Motphran sharum and only these areas will be affected.
The refusal of the opposition to nominate a candidate for the Lamphang seat may be due to the fact that the ruling party (MDA) has 45 MLAs while the opposition has only
Manipur's commando police in different parts of the state on Tuesday surrendered their weapons in protest over the assault and kidnapping of a senior police officer in the Second Day.
This incident that is happening in the world today which everyone is afraid of should be taken care of but the death of man from the face of the earth, is the part that God has set.
At that moment we didn't have to inform them (relatives) but gradually we were able to inform them back to our family.
On the other hand , the department has not prepared and thought that hundreds of interviewees will come , after seeing the number of interviewees , they decided to suspend because they cannot complete the interview per day.
When asked, he said, “In this case, it will not happen, I have a strong belief that this committee will not end up in the committee and on our part, we will continue to monitor, explain, talk and explain to the public that we need to see that this committee takes immediate action to make recommendations to the Government and that the Government implements the recommendations of this committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, on Tuesday promised to take action to restore the subsidy for farmers' pesticides and other pesticides in the state.
Shillong, July 23: U MDC of Laban-Mawprem, Bah Ricky Shullai together with the Lawsohtun Samla Seng, has gathered all the disabled people in the area from the youngest to the oldest to have a meal.
It is also unacceptable for Assam, because in all the border areas the forests have been destroyed, where the Assam police, foresters and timber traders have not been able to clear the forests. forest", he said.
The match between Panaliar and Iawmulong Nartiang ended in a 1-1 draw in the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the WJDSA at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
“We must remember that the water level in Umiam has dropped to a level that has not been reached in the past 40 years.
He said that at about 12 o'clock he arrived at the 101 Area and the vehicles did not move for hours.
In fact, the Congress had invited the political parties to take part in the protest to blockade the RBI office in Dhankheti but was rejected when these political parties shouted in a different voice from the Congress. Former Congress MP from Assam Rockybul Hussain, former MP from Arunachal Pradesh Takam Sanjoy, former Congress MP from Arunachal Pradesh, Takam Sanjoy, Government Ministers and Congress leaders.
“The HITO and HYC are trying to mislead and mislead the people and they are like someone else's political wing to confuse the people,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, the DC congratulated the land owners and the Hima as a whole for their willingness to join hands for this purpose. The spirit of collective responsibility for the community remained until they were able to accomplish this task.
Guwahati, Naitung 7: Union Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs Sarbananda Sonowal and other BJP leaders were injured when a platform collapsed on them at a meeting. A rally was held today at Chawal Khowa in Dibrugarh District, Assam.
The State Government should immediately conduct a special covid training for all office employees and that is, whoever is in the office, should do all the duties of the office. those who fail with him should go to work in the morning and leave at night and if so, the work will go smoothly like the banks, where if he fails, one or two, but those who withdraw and deposit money, kim wit satisfied.
The decision was taken at a meeting held today in the city.
At the same time, he announced that the Model Code of Conduct and other directives of the Election Commission have been implemented in the district and in order to maintain order during the elections, the Code of Conduct has been implemented. Prevention of Defacement of Public and Private Properties within the District.
M/no: 9615257076.
Saturated Fat: Foods high in saturated fat, such as cakes, pastries and cheese or processed foods, lead to low blood pressure, high blood cholesterol and increased risk of heart disease. high blood pressure and type 2 diabetes.
If the intellectuals take part in helping to enlighten the less fortunate, to point and teach them, to see the way and to understand the role they should play, it will be a great task. to reach the thong.
Along with Gokhale, two other new candidates include Islam, who is the president of the Bangladesh Sanskriti Mancha and Baraik, who is the president of the party in Alipurduar district.
The VPP is made up of responsible, honest, peace loving and truthful people.
In the months of April and June, 52 synsar farms were damaged.
The opening speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat, Bah Banteikhem Nongrum who urged the people to take responsibility to work together and innovate how to bring about a clean environment in the village.
In the second division, Ryntih beat Nongumlong 2-1
The death was caused by acute respiratory distress syndrome (COVID-19).
Shillong, October 01: The decline in agriculture especially the cultivation of sohniamtra has been answered by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM. In this year, from the Riwar area, which is known as the land of soh u pai or the Eden Kper Soh of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, as written by Babu (L) H Elias in his book Mihngi to Sepngi.
As long as you respect the constitution we are still one country.
“If the meeting does not lead to an agreement, the ARPA will collapse and the party will have to think of something else,” said KHNAM President Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saibon after the party meeting.
At this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs also discussed the increasing impact of the residents during the release of water from the Umïam Dam which has damaged the crops and endangered the lives of people.
The Chief Election Commissioner of Meghalaya, Rajiv Kumar, today said that the polling by the people of the state in the Assam-Meghalaya border villages will go smoothly.
Nongpoh, Nailur 24: The 1st Damanbait Lamare Knock Out Football Tournament for the prize money of Rs 3 lakh was organized by the National People's Youth Front (NPLF) in Ri-Bhoi District today. Umroi Nongrah Square.
Madankynsaw Village, Mowkyndeng, today announced that 97 percent of the residents aged 45 years and above have been vaccinated against COVID-19 on Monday.
India's most famous YouTuber Armaan Malik has given birth to three children in the past few days from his wife, Payal Malik and Kritika Malik.
“It is not only us who park on the road, even they (government employees) also park,” said Bah Suting. IGP Road and Treasury Road, Lachamiere.
In a statement sent to the President of the War Jaintia Trucks Owners and Drivers Association (WJSU), WJSU Vice President Kat L Talang said that the union has raised this demand after receiving a complaint from the WJSU. many especially passers-by through these roads.
Shillong, July 5: Nongumlong FC won the Inter-Shnong Football Championship by beating Sanmer FC 2-1 in a thrilling match. extra time on Saturday at Madan Ïing Syiem, Mylliem.
On the other hand, the President of the JAC, Bah Lasting Pala, said, “The ADC, Bah Warjri, has promised that within three or four days the road from Ratacherra to Tongseng will be constructed and repaired. “If the ADC's statement doesn't succeed, the JAC will hold another 45 hour road blockade,” he said. “Why the JAC has to take this step is because He said that the road has been filled with snow and ice, which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. The JAC has already met and informed the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong regarding the deterioration of the road in the area. The JAC has been waiting for 20 days but there has been no response. Therefore, the JAC will take this decision and come forward to hold this protest. The JAC has expressed its concern over the deterioration of the road and said that from time to time the JAC has discussed the issue of the deterioration of the road. which no longer fits the road.
“Also, this incident could lead to the destruction of peace and increase the tension between the two ethnic groups living in the border villages as this area is inhabited by the two ethnic groups,” he said. Mr. Lamare said.
He stood up against the robbers and the robbers who appeared in various forms.
He said that other border villages in Jirang and Mawhati Constituencies have been included as border villages and have received development schemes through the Inter State Border Area Development Programme.
Such worship is acceptable to God.
The body of Clara Bansharai Khongsit arrived at her home at 7 pm this evening and the funeral service will be held tomorrow at the Catholic Cemetery in Lumparing.
Dr Sangma said that under the scheme, no one needs to be from a poor or BPL family but it is salonsar for all.
The Bank's standalone total income increased by T.77,347.17 crore in the first half of 2021-22 from T.74,457.86 crore in the previous year.
He said that in 2022-23, 2531 Home Guard Volunteers and 330 Civil Defense Volunteers have been trained.
Pastor Marbaniang is 49 years old. He was born on July 1, 1966 and was ordained Pastor in 1994 in Ladthaboh, Jowai.
He said that it is believed that God will protect the students of Khasi Jaintia who go to study abroad from any evil.
The salaries for Anganwadi workers have also improved compared to previous years.
Pradeep Purkayastha scored 36 runs off 22 balls but this was not enough for the team to escape.
Explaining on the violence against girls, those who spoke said that according to the investigation, many of these violence against children were committed by relatives or neighbors. also reached 90 percent, but only a few were done by outsiders or strangers.
Meanwhile, Bah Michael Pakyntien, who was with Bah Rapsang, alleged that the people do not get to meet the MLA of West Shillong, because he closes the gate and those who need it only end up talking to him. gatekeeper.
The meeting will present the report of the meeting with Uday Kumar Khanikar Regional Director of NIOS Regional Center Guwahati on the 25th of this month. Regional Director.
Sayed Isfaqur Rahman, Superintendent of Police to Ramandeep Kaur, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Border Magistrate, West Karbi Anglong.
This makes it easier for our families to feel happy and content.
The city of Ayodhya, in the Faizabad district of Uttar Pradesh, is the scene of controversy over the demolition of the Ram Mandir temple.
With these two deaths, the death toll in the state has risen to 819 on Tuesday.
He said that the arrear of salaries of Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers has been pending from 1st November 2016 to 28th June 2017 and the reason is because the government has not paid at all.
" Lydia said after the drink.
To have true leaders to lead us, it is up to each of us.
Besides, she said that if everyone wants change, the turnout of thousands of people on that day should not change until it is time to vote for the victory.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the Garo have shown wisdom and understanding in electing their leaders, while the Khasi have been quiet.
According to reports, Wasnik will interview each Congress leader especially the MLAs at the MPCC office tomorrow.
This place should be warm, but not dry.
:A fire broke out at midnight on 30th June and destroyed a house, a timber factory and the rooms of a Dispensary in Rynjah, Shillong.
Therefore, if the thief is caught, he will be prosecuted under the provisions of the law according to his own criminal acts.
Process's remarks came after Adelbert Nongrum of KHNAM alleged that Process was trying to overthrow the CEM seat of Pynshngain N Syiem by colluding with the Minister. Governor Mukul Sangma.
Anumaha Sna responded by speaking when the Minister of Agriculture, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh asked about her activities.
Malvika played well from the start until she defeated Chinese Taipei opponent Lin Hsiang 21-12 21-1
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the nomination papers, the HSPDP candidates said that they stand firmly on the basis of the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The ILP is also the top priority of the HSPDP.
In a letter dated 20th October 2022 to the Project Director, National Highways Authority of India (PIU Shillong), the NHAI has been directed to resolve the issue of immediate construction of the road. to people who are skilled in building roads.
Speeches were delivered by Kitboklang Shadap, Vice President AJMW&LU-CEC, Dapherborn N. Suchiang, General Secretary, AJMW&LU-CEC, Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, Adviser AJMW&LU & AJMDMWU, Treasure Shang. Thadlaskein C&RD Block.
Speaking to media, Medalsing Lyngdoh said that he and his supporters do not want to cooperate with Renikton Lyngdoh or stay in the party. He said that they will sit down and think first because they don't know which party they will join. or campaign for the upcoming elections.
At the same time, he said that a special session should be convened to elect a new chairman and deputy chairman which will be announced by the Governor.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nongstoin Circle on Friday held a public meeting at Mawduh village in Sangriang district in order to strengthen the party in the upcoming elections. Hundreds of people from three polling stations have arrived.
The funeral service for Kong Garnet will be held on the 5th of July 21st at the Catholic Church 3 Mer.
The cows were also marked L.M', said Bah Majaw.
Brothers and sisters, ask carefully before you elect the candidates to be the lawyers and advocates for the country as MDCs. bad pictures.
According to the Chairman of the Committee, the Dy.SP (Traffic) at 11 pm on the 7th of July at Motphran, the Dy.SP (Traffic) stopped the vehicle of the MLA. it's been a while.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today announced the closure of the house of Prop Nongkhlaw at Lumsohphoh Neng, Upper Lumparing. The first and second floors of Dr. AK Das, near Hope Clinic at Pine Mount Ridge, Laban, the highest floor at the house of Pradip Paul, near the Oxygen Godown in Rilbong, the house of Iba Shadap , Philinda Khongsit and Emilda Khongsit in Nongkhyriem Block-2 and Wanbet Rapsang in Mawlai Nonglum.
The Deputy Commissioner has directed the FPS dealers to collect the permits from the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) and distribute them by 10th June without delay using e-post machines. you can online fashion.
If the KHADC and the Hima have the Local Residency Right for the Dorbar Shnongs, it will help a lot to prevent the entry of foreigners into the Hima.
This freedom does not allow anyone to do whatever he wants.
The Ford was driven by Dipanker Deka from Assam and the I20 registered from West Bengal was driven by Vikash Geonka. .
Speaking to media, u Bah Renikton said, “I am not happy with the development works in the border areas where there has been no development works in the border areas. The government to these areas does not have good roads, does not have electricity and it is necessary to increase development works”.
When talking about the Khasei – Khasoi unity, it is difficult for you to get it, because everyone wants to be C.M.Dy.C.M.and so on.
This has led to bloodshed, damage and loss of lives and has severely affected the lives of the poor in the state and the region.
“I will send for an investigation into the death of piglets,” said Bah Tynsong.
In this regard, Rakkam said that earlier the target was set to complete the project by 2020, but the project has been delayed due to the delay in handing over the land, the release of funds for the and the outbreak of Covid-1
For AAY, the weight is 5 kilos per head and for PHH, it is 5 kilos per head.
Shillong: The Rot Association of Meghalaya (RAM) today sent a statement to the Kur Nongrum regarding the spread of fake registration cards in the name of the organization across the country. The Rot Association of Meghalaya (ROT) has strongly condemned the spread of these fake registration cards on social media. , and at the same time it clarified before the Kur Nongrum, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongmali and the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Pyllun that the RAM does not have any member to hold the post of Joint Secretary.
“The size of the pharmaceutical market in India is Rs 4 lakh crore now,” he said.
The description of it, as – 'Ka Shad Pynneh Pynsah Riti', is indeed a clear expression of the actions that have been taken to this day.
The Soil Conservation and PHE have already conducted surveys for this area.
In a Facebook post, she said that they may be tribals but in an interview, she admitted how to recognize them when they wear masks.
He said that when he came to visit the orphanage, he wanted to spend a special time with them, so he chose his 'birthday' as a special day to celebrate. meet with these children.
As a small nation, perhaps many churches would not want such a difference of opinion and incident to happen among us.
And there was a widow in that city; and she came unto him, saying, Avenge me of mine adversary.
The Government of Meghalaya, on the advice of the Civil Services Board, has transferred many police chiefs of the state so that they can provide better services to the people.
Jowai, Nailar 23: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has closed down the Punjab National Bank Nangbah Branch on which you have been claiming for about ten years.
The following are listed as attempts to improve the language: Certificate : means a document that certifies or recognizes the work or employment of a person. who has written only the end of that work.
The same seeds are planted in Mairang and Mawiong; the one in Mawiong will be twice as long as the one in Mairang.
“FASToM will boycott schooling, to prepare the examination answers of the students and other tasks assigned by the Government,” said the Seng leader.
ASHA Leader in Meghalaya M June Myrsing has alleged that the State Government wants to fight between ASHAs and Anganwadis and also wants to fight between ASHAs and village authorities.
The Congress won 52 MPs in the 545-member Parliament while the BJP won 303 MPs.
Rymbai said that the Dorbar Shnong has already informed the Dorbar Shnong without any complaint from the village, which has issued him the NOC and after that the JMB will bury the hole and do the job. what you need.
Nongpoh, June 30: Three HANM leaders including Samla Ajit Makri, President of HANM Ri Bhoi, Bah Tirot Sing Nongrum, Vice President of HANM Ri Bhoi, Bah Dianghun Pnar, President of HANM Ri Bhoi Circle and Bah Dianghun Pnar, President of HANM Ri Bhoi Circle and others. Other leaders of HANM in Ri Bhoi, today spoke to the media, to explain the reasons why they were expelled from the party.
Up to 31 youths have been trained as electricians or light makers in the 10-month training conducted by JHDS in collaboration with NABARD. from 6-30 November 2021 at the JHDS office at Bishop House, Lum Bihsyntu, Myintdu.
Stating that agriculture is a common sector where 70 out of 100 residents live on agriculture, the Chief Minister said, “If we cannot look after 70 percent of the residents village, income will be wrong and our state will continue to face problems".
Because only if it is agreed that the Act will be passed and will not be opened by any group or individual.
Eight deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District: 4, Ri Bhoi: 02 and one each from West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills.
DTO and SP Office do not care about the drivers and owners of vehicles. They should check thoroughly the foreigners who drive commercial vehicles.
Feed : Your mouth should be covered with your hands in your mouth.
About 20 foreign workers were found without proper labor licence/work permit.
Helsinki: Finland has been named the happiest country in the world for the fourth time, according to a United Nations survey. most vulnerable, except Lebanon.
Because the earthquake did not last long, they too left the Committee Room and the conversation with the journalists ended immediately.
If you follow these trucks, you can drive them from Myntdu Bridge to Turiem in a small car, and look at the child following you with a stick to burn in the tire if you turn back (diesel block or wrong change gear) and the stick doesn't work. kam, you will be able to follow the plain.
The fourth and last speaker stood up.
Therefore, the vigilance on the part of the children is useless because they have to be released at home and before the foreign children come, they have to order the parents to hide their own employees.
HNLC member Pyrnailang Swer (32) was admitted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong but discharged at 8:30 pm.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of State and MLA of the HSPDP from Mawkyrwat Constituency on Friday said that the HSPDP will soon join the United Democratic Party (UDP). He said that he wants to have only one strong ethnic party in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Only six government offices within the boundary of Saitsohpen, Sohra have received permission from the Elaka, said the Secretary of Saitsohpen, Bah B Diengdoh. The meeting was held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Shillong: For four months, stone and coal traders have been unemployed due to the closure of trade in Shella, Majai and Dawki, which falls under the Riwar area.
In relation to the land, other residents have no right to arrange or grant permission to anyone without the permission or approval of the Shnong Tynring.
She won the National Award for Best Actress (1971) and was awarded the Padma Shri by the Government of India in 2011.
Turkey's defense minister says parts of Ras al-Ain, a civilian stronghold, have been taken under Turkish control through an offensive. The Euphrates River has been invaded by Turkey since Tuesday.
Different religious groups take part in Peace Festival Different religious groups took part in the Peace Festival organized by the Social & Economic Life Development Department of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Synod on Saturday at Mawphlang. West.
“Right! “Shisha kein” said Sbun to her friend. “Shisha kein” she agreed. “My face works in two parts – one is hidden. “The eyebrows and another part shows the appearance of a person or persons even though they are not very beautiful,” said Jam.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), today launched two ambulances, which will serve the people of Ri Bhoi District. Ri Bhoi and especially to those people who urgently need Ambulances.
Let us see whether the government will dismiss the district chiefs who have failed to handle the conflict in a peaceful manner.
The Criminal Law (Amendment) Bill 2018, which was passed by the Lok Sabha on 30th November, was passed in the Rajya Sabha today.
Nongpoh, Nailar 19: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today launched its new office at JSM WR. Nongrim Jirang with the aim of strengthening the service to the people in the state and the party has also been able to swear in the new leaders to take over the responsibility of leadership to work for the good. the death of the paradoh and parasnam in the Jirang area.
“The UDP is a political party for the people of the State and understands the issues to be discussed to bring about Khadar rule, governance and operation, land tenure, customs and traditions. thylliej and other issues to protect our identity as ethnic groups,” said Bah Titos.
Ma Deibor Suchiang as the chief guest congratulated the Jalyiah IVCS for continuing to work hard so that the villagers can benefit from the activities of the society.
In addition, they should clearly explain in the social contract or employment contract the duties of employees and also the rights that employees should have.
He said that on this occasion, Bah Renikton has had the opportunity to meet with the Minister in charge of PWD (Roads) with the request that he should do something on this road.
He said that he spent this vehicle himself after seeing many problems faced by the people of the area in terms of transportation, disease and There is a shortage of ambulance vehicles in this area and the release of this vehicle will be of great help to the people and for those people who need assistance.
Ramdev praised the foreign doctors, saying that they were sent by God to come to earth.
In the Under-17 category, Joel Gatphoh Memorial HSS, Anderson HSS, Sibsingh Govt.
Umpara village has about 12 houses built on both sides of the road, which is surrounded by dense forests which can reach the foothills of Assam.
The KSU today met with the teachers who stay overnight at the Secretariat who are fighting to increase and release their salaries under the umbrella of FASTOM. The union was shocked to learn that many of the promises made by the government to these teachers have been in vain, in promises without fulfillment at all.
The supporters of the Congress and Dr. Bom, said that until these days, they cannot forget the good deeds done by Dr. Bom, who has brought about many development works in Umsning Constituency. and it is on that basis that the people have loved him even after he was defeated in the last election.
In this regard, the FKJGP, HANM, WJNC and others have come to protest against the tollgate fee as many of the vehicle users do not have an account. Phase.
His eyes were like a torchlight.
During the protest, the flags read, “White light to correct the wrong and not to mislead the right” and another read, “The MUA II Act does not affect the big, it affects the small and this government encourages corruption".
The time will come when the people will be angry and will have to fight by taking the people to the streets”.
Therefore, it is right that the High Court has strongly criticized the government saying that due to the government's negligence and support to the people involved in illegal mining, the The state has lost its revenue and there have been deaths in the coal mines and the transportation of coal has continued without stopping until the court has had to ask for assistance from the Central Government to stop the illegal transportation of coal into the state.
However, according to a report compiled by the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA), the minority population makes up only about 5% of the total population of Pakistan. where Hindus are the largest minority group in Pakistan.
“Through this OTS, the owners of petrol pumps will have to pay the tax they collect from the government and if they do not implement this scheme, the state government will ban them from selling petrol in the state,” he said. James Sangma.
He is former MDC Smt Violet Lyngdoh.
The case has been registered by the IO under Section 505 IPC read with Section 5(j)(ii)(l)(n)/6 of the POCSO Act.
In the 57th Amendment to the Constitution of India, Article 21 A was amended in the Constitution which states, “The State or Country shall provide free school education and make schooling an essential duty of the Furthermore, some of the provisions of the SSA scheme have been amended after the introduction of the Right To Education Act.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the environment will play an important role in creating employment opportunities and jobs as the environment will be linked to various sectors such as tourism. farming, agriculture and others.
If I am wrong, the results of the 2023 elections will also be unexpected.
and he went and asked, but he had no money.
What do you mean ??.
“Uranium from Domiasiat or the state as a whole cannot be mined anymore because it was banned by 190 countries at the meeting held in Austria in 1996,” he said. Dios added that Maieid Hoping Stone Lyngdoh (who passed away) and Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit also attended the meeting.
Speaking on the allegation by some that the VPP has had a secret alliance with the TMC and that the formation of the VPP is because the TMC has understood that it cannot create a world in Khasi Hills, he said. Jaintia, Bah Ardent said it was a misleading statement because they were afraid of the power and strength of the VPP. VPP is not the TMC's position in the state.
We do not know whether any attempt was made to implement techniques inherited from Israel.
Furthermore, the road from Shella to Sohra before reaching Nongsawlia has been damaged in many parts even though the road has not been repaired.
He said that the party unanimously demands that the government should take action to protect the Khasi-Pnar people living in the area.
Fifteen bodies were recovered from the scene and six were the bodies of children.
The funeral service will be held on 29/12/18 at the M&A Church Cemetery in Markasa at 12:00 pm.
The ksiew makes a wooden plate with a long knife and works hard to make the plate.
On this basis, the Seng Samla Umroi Pyllun, through Samla Rishan Lyngdoh, President, condemns the rude behavior of these two organizations and on their refusal to cooperate with the youth of Nongrah, because in the The truth is that Samla Baiateilang Lapang, has nothing to do with the working methods of the Seng Samla, but he went to the place as the President of the RBYO. that if he wants to do well, he should first look at the Kyiad shops which have spread in Lumdaitkhla, which has brought shame to the village, but that he should come to another village without informing them. The village power is not good.
Meanwhile, they can marry women from other nations in the world to expand their kingdom and expand their church.
:The Leader of the Opposition AITC and former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma has warned that if corruption in the state increases, there will be many insurgent groups in Meghalaya.
In the 16-year-old boys' category, Gerald Hahshah went first, Sengsrik D. Sangma came second and Akim D. Marak went third.
The police union has awarded Insp.
The San Shnong Development Organization (SCO) on 27/04/2021 informed the DC of West Jaintia Hills District about the illegal construction of a Police Outpost by the Assam Government at Langhong Sangdathli. of Saba Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Police are conducting investigation to find out the facts of the incident.
“These 28 farmers who have already registered with KHADC for the conservation of forests will be an example for other farmers to come forward to take steps to maintain their forests. spots," he said.
According to Reddy, the forest area under the jurisdiction of the state government is about 5.3-5.8 percent, but the rest are under private forests, district council forests, village forests, forests. raid, the forest kingdom.
The leaders of the Achik Conscious Party (ACHIK) on 1st June sent a statement to the leader of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), saying that if the VPP is not a separatist political party, Other issues affecting the Garo people include the establishment of the Winter Capital in Tura, the Additional Secretariat and Heads of Departments in Garo Hills.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the KSU North Khasi Hills District, today visited the Covid-19 Screening Center at Umling, to learn about the working methods of the centre. and especially after the allegation that there is a fraud in the area and that is that there are people who are willing to test negative to those people who have not been tested in the area.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 19: The Additional Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Joint Secretary, Home (Police) Department has informed that the Department for Promotion of Industry & Internal Trade ( DPIIT), Ministry of Industry & Commerce of the Government of India has recognized Recorded Music Performance Ltd.
Shillong, Naitung 1: One member of the ASAK rebel group has been killed in a clash with police while three others have been arrested on Tuesday.
His allegation that the Government issues delayed payment charges for electricity only for industrial factories is groundless.
The CAB has now become an Act since it was signed by the President of India.
Speeches were delivered by the Sordars and Secretaries of the Raids who expressed their experiences in their Raid branches and also the problems they face in the Khadar administration.
The funeral service will be held on the 23rd November 2023 at 12 noon at Namdong B (Dong Civil).
When inspecting the Trading and Labor License, it was seen that the foreigners who own shops and business premises in the area, have respected the District Council officials who have inspected, most of them. Foreigners who have shops in the area have also promised to provide the necessary documents.
Finally, the good response of the Government which has pleased the people who are waiting for the news as they wanted, and that is that the Government has agreed to talk on the demands of the VPP and The RP has decided to appoint an Expert Committee, and when the government has appointed this Committee, as we can see through the media, all those who supported it were happy. The 1st July 2023 has been a memorable day for the country and the Khasi people, as the Government has conveyed to Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit the Notification issued by the Governor of Meghalaya. The Expert Committee has been appointed to review the Reservation Policy
It's a school! For more information, please contact: wankharkrang@gmail.com.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday warned the drivers that if they do not cooperate with the Government, the Government will not refuse to issue permits to any vehicles that want to operate. and additionally allowed.
On this occasion, Mr. Holando Lamin MDC of the area was the chief guest, who praised the Sohkha Mission Village for its vision to encourage the students to work hard to achieve their goals. different exam.
“There is no doubt that all the programs introduced by the Modi Government are impartial and Christians get the same share as others which shows that the BJP is looking after everyone without any discrimination. what is the distinction.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 15: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Lai Lyngdoh Circle on Tuesday under the leadership of Samla Wandap Marweiñ, President and General Secretary, met with the Executive Engineer of PWD, Sahep S Massar. (Roads) Nongstoiñ, on the deterioration of the Mawkaton-Nongstoiñ road, as well as the bridge inside Mawkaton Village.
Three schools including Alpha English Higher Secondary School Nongpoh, Nehru Memorial and other schools participated in the event. Higher Secondary School Umsning and St.Mary's Secondary School Nongkrah.
Wisdom comes if you know how to use it.
In connection with the incident, Nongstoin Police Station is conducting a thorough investigation and has registered a case against the suspect.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: A truck carrying too much rnga has collided with an electrical sign near CMJ Breweries at Lower Balian in Byrnihat area. Many other smaller electricity posts have been lost, which has also caused traffic jam as heavy vehicles can no longer travel except for small vehicles such as autos, and many neighboring villages in the area. Everything lost light.
“The message from the employees to the government and GVK is that the government and GVK should use their powers to oppress the poor and rich employees, but remember that once a day , the time will come when the workers will take other measures and justice will stand to judge their humiliation,” said Bah Roipar.
“Is this true?” asked Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Sylvester Mylliempdah of Efty United XI Mynso won the Man of the Tournament and the most runs award.
In another match, East Jaintia Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
" Then Panah begged her.
During the visit, the group also donated food, clothes and other gifts to the children living in the house as a sign of their participation. with the children in preparation for the incarnation of the Lord Jesus into this world.
West Jaintia Hills came in third place with three titles and seven prizes in second place.
According to him, the length of the Pynursla bypass is about 10-13 kilometers.
However, the question now is whether the Prime Minister, Mukul Sangma, will suspend her at this time because even at a time when it is clear that she is involved in the corruption of the teaching profession, he never lowered it despite strong demands from the public and political parties.
The Chokpot C&RD Block Office will be constructed at a cost of T.2 crore while the construction of the Degree College Building will cost T.2.81 crore at a cost of T.2.81 crore. , the Minister said that the construction of office buildings will benefit the people of Chokpot area.
The UDP and NPP have also formed the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) and appointed the Opposition Chief Whip of the Legislative Assembly.
Conrad K. Sangma said that Thomas A. Sangma was a close follower of his father, Purno A. Sangma.
With GPS tracking, CCTV cameras, and skilled operators we sincerely hope that it will remove traffic jams and we promise parents not to panic if their children use these buses, " he added.
“In 2019, the Ministry estimated that there are 7.5 crore drug users in the country and 2.5 lakh drug users in Meghalaya,” said Dr Bishnoi.
“The method of storage is also good. When the fish comes from Andhra Pradesh, they put it in a bowl and cook it,” he said.
Other sources said that one person has died of covid-19 today.
On the other hand, the President District Samla Ohibait Dkhar said that the Seng will continue to monitor this issue and according to the RTI received in 2015, we have found that these foreigners are There are only 27 candidates in the Epic but now we are sad to see that many foreigners have entered the Electoral Roll.
“They are just tricks to delay the time,” said GSU President Tengsak G. Momin. He said that the GSU will continue to force the government to appoint independent investigation teams. They will continue their protest within 7 days over the death of Balsan.
Continuing the second half, Lajong were able to change some of their tactics to continue to dominate against Gokulam.
The cold weather has also damaged the crops of the villagers and this has affected the income of the villagers who live in agriculture.
A.Baranwal, IAS.The purpose of this program is to celebrate the Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, in the style of Yuva Shaktis, to spread awareness about the struggle for independence of India and also to honor those who gave their lives during the struggle for freedom.
Along with this, the supply of gas cylinders, petrol and jhur has also been provided.
With this vision and purpose, Martin Luther Christian University has launched the School of Social Work through online resources.
The most prominent case in this regard is the incident of four siañ in Manipur which has spread beyond the border and spread to the world.
Therefore, as a sign of thanksgiving to God, man takes the crown, the gold, the silver, to wear, to wear, to wear, to stand in the lympung, to dance, to mastieh along with the nine sounds of the ksing and the tangmuri. .
The pastor, who is currently researching the Aadhaar number, said that according to the science and philosophy he has studied, there is no saying that Aadhaar does not exist. “Aadhaar should not prove identity but security. The genesis of Aadhaar dates back to 1999 during the Kargil war. Atal Bihari Vajpayee is the prime minister,” he said.
“Without education, it will be a backwardness for the society and the country as a whole, so the school puts it first to help the children who drop out of school part-time,” said Ms Lakiang.
Various Garo political parties such as AHAM led by Champion R Sangma, ANVC and others also took part in the procession.
Their joining shows that the 2023 election will be between AITC candidate Macmilan Kharbani and NPP candidate Macmilan Byrsat who is also the current MLA of the party. Nonstop.
The desire of 35 households living in Yiengkieng Myntdu to set up a village has been approved by the Dorbar Elaka of Jowai Elaka to recognize it as 'Myntdu' village on Saturday.
In a statement, Rev. WP Marbaniang, Moderator of the KJP Western Synod, and Rev. LP Nongkseh, Secretary of the KJP Western Synod, said that the Synod's opposition to the UCC is because it will affect the use of UCC. The traditional customs, traditions and customs of the nation have been followed and used throughout the decades and centuries and have been passed down to the children of the nation.
Police said that the body of Blessingson Fancon was found hanging and during the investigation, no signs of murder were found but it was a murder. he gave his own life.
The player signed for the Bundesliga at the age of 17 and is currently playing in the Championship for Birmingham City. He has been paid 29 million euros ($32 million) and has become the top player for the club.
Sheikh Jassim's proposal to buy the English Premier League club for a large sum of money, Sheikh Jassim said, including the plan for the development of the club at the highest rate in terms of funding and also the expenditure on the building required for the club as a whole.
However, in order for the BJP not to lose its glory in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, it must strengthen its Units, Blocks and Mandals in all 28 states and 7 districts. to the Union Territory.
Hebrews 9:27 “And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment”.
The Dorbar Shnong has also warned that if it finds anyone who violates this warning of the Shnong Wapungskur, they will be punished severely according to the rules and regulations of the Shnong Wapungskur.
"Kmie and Rida were more and more angry.
The allegation by the residents of Jaraiñ is baseless, said the Dolloi of Amwi Elaka.
Nongstoiñ, July 15: The delay in the clearance of the border between Meghalaya and Assam has put the people living in the border villages in trouble due to the clashes between the Assam police. .
The tournament was inaugurated by the MDC of Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Gabriel Wahlang who was the chief guest.
Nongpoh: Members of the North East Slow Food and Agrobiodiversity Society (NESFAS) through Bah Khrawborlang Wahlang, in-charge of NESFAS, today visited the food shop of Kong Plantina Mujai, located at Khweng, a village on the road to Mawlasnai, which is only a few kilometers from Bhoirymbong Market.
Gladiator was produced at a cost of $100 million and grossed $460 million. The story was written by David Franzoni, John Logan, and William Nicholson.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Two Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) cadres were shot dead in a clash with police in Shillong, Shillong today. The two GNLA cadres who were shot dead by the GNLA managed to escape, while the police who were patrolling the area recovered several ammunition and bullets.
The company has also ignored our demands and now we can't even buy food and other household items and for this reason we have taken to the streets to demand that the company should pay us our salary. it is their right.
Dr Das said that in rural areas like Meghalaya, fish farms depend on rainwater and that is why the farmers have not been able to produce more fish among other reasons.
He said the court had also ordered that Gokhale should have investigated all the facts before making these allegations and that he should have sought explanations from the people he accused.
Although the match between the two teams was the same until the end, the victory was won by the Mairang Blues, the fan club of the world famous club, Chelsea Football Club.
" Iaroh ka Kmie “Yes, I bought from whom I used to buy, and she chose me well.
In this film, there is a story about a family in a village who faces many problems just because of the presence of a member of the family who has become addicted to alcohol until he the family is no longer responsible for society.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 14 cases, one from the Armed Force, 6 cases from High Risk and 7 cases from Umsong Cluster.
Titos said it is surprising how the electricity department in the state works, where in the past it was alleged that the lack of electricity supply was due to the water shortage, but now even after the Even if it rains, the bording is not enough.
He also urged the people to support the party in this protest to demand the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
The deceased were identified as Imdad Nongrum, 60, Saira Ahmed, 45, Feroza Khan, 40, Rajiya Ahmed, 35 and Kaiyam Uddin Ahmed,
It seems that they want the same thing.
This disease also causes pain in the patient's chest.
“If necessary, the government will look into this in these days as the education department has nothing to do with this, which has been done by the DC according to his investigation in the district,” said Lahkmen.
The act of cheating that leads to murder is blood and a great sin. Lu is not the cause of unemployment, if it is the cause of unemployment, does it mean that all of us who don't have will steal, loot and kill? Yes, the reason is the desire for greed and selfishness and work to harvest and produce umsyep but they want to earn money without torturing themselves and thus the end result is like a glorious death just like a ksew is no longer and nothing for their own deeds deserve such punishment and death.
The rule of law should not be limited to the few in power.
In the petition, the Chief Executive Members said that the state government has been eating jakhluit without any consultation with the Dorbar Shnongs, the residents of the area and the District Council.
Besides the speech by the MLA, the NHM officials also gave an explanation to the people who came to participate in this programme. participants in the program to set an example and spread to others, on the dangers of smoking as well as to those who smoke and raja.
Mohd Ibrahim Sidhiqui, also known as Aryan Arya, has appealed to the Supreme Court against the Chhattisgarh High Court's decision to allow her to return to her parents or that it may not be left to me.
The reason for this is because of the increasing spread among the same race.
Shillong: It will be something that will further fuel the fire of border dispute on all sides, after it was seen that the border areas of Meghalaya have been forcibly crossed by Assam. as seen in the recent incidents in Ïongkhuli where this has caused a lot of anger among many churches.
In this article I take the opportunity to express what I have prepared to present in the Legislative Assembly, in the hope that this understanding of the Reservation Policy will benefit others who want to know. please contact the Roster System.
The Chief Minister said in the House that according to the estimates received from the Ministry of Agriculture, the state can produce only 3 lakh MT and needs 4 lakh MT; Meghalaya has a shortage of 100 metric tonnes of rice per year.
Shillong, March 04: The power outage will continue in the state due to the shortage of electricity supply company MeECL. the fire supply will stop which has adversely affected the activities of the people.
He urged Mawrie to seek clarification from the leaders in charge of the scheme or from the prime minister, 'not to politicize this scheme'
Shillong, Naitung, 09: The Thma u Rangli Juki (TUR) has strongly condemned the Government's order to ban the operation of Rapidos on the streets of Shillong.
Thomas Muller is another case of tuberculosis, which shows signs of tuberculosis.
The two youths from the state will receive the Hero Award from the hands of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on the 24th of this month. month in Delhi.
This is our time.
These are all the candidates accepted by the UDP Election Committee in Meghalaya.
Some of the strong supporters of the AITC have expressed their desire to support the TMC, but others have said that they will support the UDP if it nominates a candidate.
The 1260 days, or 42 months, according to Daniel, are the periods of the 3 1⁄2 years of the Last Day.
The prizes were awarded by Rangbah RH Dkhar, Secretary of the Governing Body of the college and at the same time as the chief guest.
He said the decision to purchase the land was taken by the Cabinet on 4th March 2021. Sangma also alleged that the Minister of Urban Affairs had led the process. The project was later approved by the Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management and the Cabinet.
u ong – “I am God, and there is none like me, declaring the end from the beginning, and from ancient times the things that are not done.
After 46 years of touring and performing across international stadiums KISS finally thanked the fans who have always cheered the band on time after time.
Shortly after, it was seen that some people had attacked a police vehicle in front of the Civil Hospital and the police had fled even inside the hospital.
Nongpoh: The National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District today urged the people of Ri Bhoi District to vote for the District Council. The NPP will win the 2019 MDC elections.
He said that before allowing the opening of tourist attractions in the state from 21st November, the Entry/Exit point should be opened and at the same time, the flights coming from Delhi to Shillong should be opened. will also be available from 21st November
We would like to express our gratitude to the family members, brothers and sisters, relatives and grandchildren of Ma (L) Matheus Siangshai from near and far.
The purpose of the meeting was to inform the District Council that they have already taken this decision.
The Commissioner of Food Safety has directed the meat shops to paint, clean the meat and wear clean clothes in the past few days.
"Mawlai have played in the Group-A matches at the Third Ground in Polo (Shillong), but now they need to be ready to play in Tura, where Khliehmawlieh has played in the 2013 FIFA World Cup. Group-D is not included.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 15: As part of the information to the school children on the operation of the FCI in Nongstoiñ, as well as the storage and distribution of rice from the area, the management of FCI Nongstoiñ on Tuesday On the other hand, the staff of the FCI explained the activities of the FCI to the students of St. Petersburg School. Peters Higher Secondary School Pyndengrei, from the arrival of the rice to the unloading and storage at the site and until the distribution.
In the meantime, the District administrator announced the curfew under section 144 CrPC at Mahendraganj, from today till tomorrow 8 AM. A) Meghalaya.
Wasa, which also won the most titles, won a cash prize of Rs 50,000 including a trophy while Ladthadlaboh won Rs 30,000 for the Man of the. Dashngain Sukhalin won the Best Goalkeeper title from 7 Wasa, Pynshngainlang Tyngkra won the Top Scorer title from 7 Wasa, Banteilang Shylla scored 7 goals for Ladthadlaboh and Risanlang I Dkhar won the Player of the Tournament title.
Furthermore, he hopes that this training for the youth will continue in the coming years.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The FKJGP wants Bah AGW Kharkongor to take over the post of CMD of NEEPCO and to be the first Khasi to take over the post. At the same time, it demanded that the government and the NEEPCO office should make public the report of former CVO Shatish Verma so that the issues can be clarified.
I don't know why, but I'm sure you'll like it. I'm happy if Bah UN Sun is still able to produce songs.
In the 1st Division, Upper New Nongstoiñ SC played against Porshangbet SC. It was a very strong match but in the end the winner was won by Upper New Nongstoiñ SC. Porshangbet beat Upper by 3 goals to 2 goals.
... choose another pat
He urged the people to be aware of this issue because in these days some MLAs have refused to provide medicines and school fees to the people.
We have given our consent, but this money will still be released.
The statement said that the Assam Government's claim that Mukroh falls under West Karbi Anglong shows that this incident is a well prepared incident so that the people of that area. They will be afraid and will enter Assam in the second phase of the demarcation of the two states.
Besides Johnny, 13 other players from Meghalaya have taken part in the tournament.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, the Langdoh, the Sangot, the Pator, the Waheh Wasan and others were present at the ceremony.
This was announced in a statement by Bah RR Marbaniang, General Secretary of All MeSEB ES Union, Shillong.
On the other hand, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, presented the awards at the VDP General Assembly held at the District Library Auditorium, Jowai.
The union also alleged that the MPDA has charged a fellow member without any grounds and without facts and demanded that the District Administration of West Khasi Hills should verify and explain to the public the charges against the member. organization.
She said that it is necessary to provide all the necessities according to the present era, it is necessary in this era to facilitate the taxpayers as the payment by challans has made people angry and many do not come to pay. .
The HNLC said that the oppression by the central government and the reduction in the leadership of the parties in the region and the oppression of the minorities is very sad.
RSS Chief Mohan Bhagwat, on Tuesday, has been criticized by political parties including the Congress and Samajwadi Party for his statements that India is the country of Hindutva and that Hindutva is the symbol of the country which shows that the word is known to be sold by Indians.
Thabah said that Syiemiong won the dance competition held in Guwahati on 19th June 2015 and was selected to enter the dance competition held in Kolkata on 27th June .
According to Bah Bindo, this government does not have the knowledge to govern because it cannot solve the problems of the people.
“The government has nothing to hide from the public and I have met with the Chief Secretary, DGP to examine this issue,” he said.
Clean cotton is widely grown in Madras and Punjab.
“Let's hope,” said Kynsai.
Therefore, the time has come to correct the Constitutional wrongs in the Constitution of India and the Presidential (Scheduled Tribes) Orders 1950 so that future generations will not be confused. they will not be led astray hereafter.
He said that the surprising thing is that most of the time it should be implemented but it has been ordered to go backwards or from the beginning and here it was found that the Roster System has two systems. Head Office with 40 to 40 posts and one post in District Offices.
Panah understood that he could not find it on the road.
Group E: Odisha, Goa, Meghalaya, Dadra and Nagar Haveli & Daman and Diu, Arunachal Pradesh, Gujarat.
When it came to the field, the players of both sides played very well and scored 10 goals each.
“It's ni synei dei I bapli...” Lano said. “Yes, I can't do anything, because the Creator doesn't allow my will to be done.
Speaking as the chief guest, TBn Powel Sohkhlet expressed his gratitude to TULBA for remembering him who was invited to this day and for the great deeds that TULBA has done. In the society as members of the organization they have the spirit of sharing the assistance by working hard through their skills in many areas by building houses for the families who have not been able to provide assistance. Not only that, they have also received gifts during Christmas and also during the time when Meghalaya has been facing the Covid 19 pandemic in the past few years.
How then will you believe my words?” John 5:46-4
On the 19th of June, Joyce Yinglonlei Niehsial lodged a complaint that on the evening of the 19th, unidentified robbers stole her two wheeler (ML-05U-1797) which was parked near St. Petersburg. Antony's College, Shillong.
“The CEM's answer is not satisfactory and that is why we have decided at the meeting to allow the MDCs to do this inside the House,” said the UDP GS. Bah Shylla, although he resigned today, has won because he has been able to expose the wrongdoings of the EC led by Bah Pynshngain.
He said that the request of the union to these leaders is because there are villages in their constituencies and the existence of this project will benefit the residents of these constituencies. .
After that, the members of the union had the opportunity to meet with the General Manager, Township, NEEPCO, Shillong, S. Chakraborty and handed over the petition to him. The GM has sent a petition to the Chairman of NEEPCO. This has made the union feel that there is something behind it and therefore, the GM does not want to meet them.
The PWD (Road) is working hard to reopen the NH-51, NH-62, Garobadha-Mankachar, Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura, Damra-Mendipathar and others. to the small chariots that shall pass.
When asked about Bah AL Hek, who is a former BJP MLA and Hamsaia, who has met with BJP leaders in Delhi, these days, the leader said, “He is a However, he denied that Hek had any intention of returning to the BJP. The BJP, through its candidate, Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, congratulates the people who have supported the MP elections.
Government Minister and Rongara Siju MLA Rakkam A Sangma has said that he will seek a full report on the infiltration of the Bangladesh Border Guard (BGB) into the Indian border.
The people are in darkness and don't trust the UDP anymore. The reason is because the UDP which is in charge of the Kam Pohing department hasn't washed its hands and is still fighting and saying that there is no smuggling. Meghalaya's coal industry is outside the state.
During the search in the presence of independent witnesses, 91 bags of song were seized from the vehicle.
The market was inaugurated on 09th July, 2023 by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Agriculture, Government in the presence of Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra, officers including Kong D Sohtun. , Director of Horticulture, KB Lakiang, DHO East Khasi Hills, W Nongrum, Sordar, farmers and residents.
Shillong: The ban on the mining and transportation of coal in the state continues but it has been seen that the ban on the mining and transportation of this mineral is only in the air and only in words and facts. This can be seen only through the trucks that overturn on the roads in the state almost every time and on the morning of Sunday, 20th June 2022, another truck A truck carrying coal (AS 01 NC 5725) from East Jaintia Hills District has overturned on the Jowai By-Pass.
The handshake, the shla, the body, the sword, the slander of others, the self-promotion, the cover-up of wrongdoing, the swar and looking for shortcomings and mistakes in others, the unfounded organization, the cleanliness selfishness and selfishness, selfishness and other selfishness have increased without limit to slander the opposition and destroy one's own group.
Last year, the Supreme Court had directed the states to file immediate complaints against insults and to prosecute them without waiting for a complaint from any group.
“The advertisements are misleading, and do not comply with the Consumer Protection Act 2019, the Advertising Code under the Cable Television Networks Regulation Act, 1995, and related sections of the Standards of Journalistic Conduct. “It was introduced by the Press Council of India under the Press Council Act, 1978,” she said.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: “We will once again hold a proud election,” said the National People's Party (NPP) candidate from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Ransom Sutnga.
He recalled that his father, Purno A Sangma, who put education first, said that if we want to change the future of the state, it is up to the children to get education. which is enough.
Jongksha scored two goals in the second half through F Rynjah in the 60th minute and E Kharshohnoh in the 77th minute.
Regarding this, Kong Suiam has lodged a complaint against the fraudster and said that the law will take the necessary action.
The arrested were identified as Amit Prasad, 18, of Bokolia Police Station, Karbi Anglong District, Md Almas Ali, 19, of Palhim Sabar Ali Village, Morazar Police Station. Medozhosa (33) of Tenyiphe-I, Dimapur, Hojrat Ali (22) of Romari in Nagaon district of Assam, Ajay Chandra (38) of Phukan Nagar in Sivasagar district of Assam. Assam and Saidul Islam (27) of Daupura in Kampur of Nagaon district.
The District Sports Officer, Khliehriat District has announced that it will hold the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2023 in Khliehriat.
Not only that, but where or in what place to sit and drink with them and how much to drink.
>Owners or users of luminous signs or similar signs using voltages exceeding 650 volts to 33000 volts must obtain written permission from the Electrical Inspector before operating them.
The fighting between Israel and Hamas militants has reached its seventh day.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong will face Real Kashmir FC at JN Stadium, Shillong today at 5pm in the Hero I-League 2018/1
As citizens of the state, we have to obey and follow the guidelines and instructions from our authority.
Guwahati: Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the Congress MDC from Mairang has joined the UDA. There was an attempt to set fire to the Assam Secretariat on 10th November 2019 during the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act
3) Restoration of herbal medicines:- In Ri Lyngngam, almost all the places have sufficient soil to plant herbal medicines. .
The Jews were eager to get a Temple so with his permission they would claim that he was their Messiah and make a covenant with him.
It was a terrible sympathy and a very sad incident.
If the government puts more staff to go to each village as before, it would be better.
Poiwir poihap, the Dkhar – lyngkien, From different kingdoms;
Wan Shailang Marwein won the Best Player, Bulness Nongrem won the Best Goalkeeper and Friding Wanniang won the Top Scorer.
In the women's Open Cross Country race, Lindum Iakia of Arunachal Pradesh won the gold medal in 9 minutes 42 seconds followed by Manipur. Priya Devi (9:43.44) and Haomon Urbashi Devi (9:48.10) won the fourth place.
Puraki Shadap Passah took three wickets in five overs and scored 15 runs not out.
Regarding this incident, the SDO of MePDCL has promised to investigate into the increase in electricity bill and has also allowed the residents not to pay the electricity bill in advance until there is a correction.
And when you try to find out more about Good Friday, there are many countries in the world that don't call it Good Friday. Friday, in Germany it is called Friday of Lementation, in Denmark, Norway, Sweden, Long Friday, in Greece it is called Great Friday, and in England, the Netherlands, India, and many others. Ri that called that you that you.
“Where is the future of the nation if the development comes only in the area where there is uranium and it will be a dark future for the youth when the leaders of the people are involved in corruption and misleading the people”. He said that the party is surprised at the movement of those political parties under the leadership of MP Bah Vincent H Pala because it is those parties that have been calling since the time of Bah Vincent H Pala. HS Shylla doesn't want to mine uranium.
Jowai: Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested two Manipur militants including the Chairman of the Zeliangrong United Front, Raitu Chawang. 66) and its Information Secretary, Gengchung Pou Namthuyang (43) alias Dangmei.
There has not been a single Khasi-Jaintia MLA who has given a helping hand to Maieid in his struggle to resolve the border issue. in the state of Assam.
The reason why the Union Minister did not allow the film to be shot during the railway is because he did not want any injury to the tyngshop.
“As the last enemy, death is to be brought to nothing.”—1 Corinthians 15:2
You should talk to them,” said Malik.
This is the reason for the backwardness of our villagers.
There were 41 students, two of whom came in the Top 10 of the BSc examination.
He criticized the police for arresting the youths without warning and this will lead to disaster.
The statement concluded, “It is better to live for a day like a lion than to live forever like a sheep”.
“We have also seen the support shown by the Congress in the state to the NPP and the BJP.” He said that the Congress leader should have understood the politics in the state before. that he may speak of anything as a man who has done well in the world of the country.
Two vehicles, a pick-up truck and a private vehicle were hit by the truck which overturned in the middle of the road above the Rani Motors Showroom.
The Government of India will launch drones in the coming days to spray pesticides to kill these insects, the statement said.
“You waited long enough.
Speaking to media, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the purpose of inviting these officers to this meeting was to discuss the ways and means how to take The government has taken steps to reduce the emissions of this pollution which has become famous throughout India.
In terms of modern technologies such as AI/ML, India is leading the way in embracing all contributors to AI projects. India has the highest number of IT workers with AI skills in any G20 country.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle (HYC) Sohiong Circle has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue of political parties or parents in the election campaign. The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah to ban and not allow the participation of children in the elections.
On the other hand, Mariohom Kharkrang SP of East Khasi Hills District said that two HANM leaders, Lamphrang Kharbani and Alban K Gashnga, have been arrested by the East Khasi Hills Police. Arphul Kharbani was arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station.
There are also villages which have turned into seas due to the storm, which has also caused the rivers in the hills to flow into the villages until many have become refugees.
However, the villagers lodged a complaint with the BSF this morning and in collaboration with the BSF and Bangladesh troops, they were able to take the youth from the blang farm in Bangladesh. at 11 o'clock yesterday.
The final match of the women's category was between DUBAKH 'A' and DUBAKH 'C' where DUBAKH 'A' won the title while in the men's category, Jaïaw won the title. Meghalaya have qualified for the semi finals of the 76th Men's Tournament in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. West Bengal beat West Bengal 2-1 in the first leg of the National Football Championship in Bhubaneswar on 20th June.
It is to be recalled that on 12th July 2013, the MMOEA has repaired the road from Nongjri to Borsora to facilitate the traffic of the people of this area.
He said there was an agreement with the Government at the time of allocation of the land for the construction of offices for the employment of the youth of the area and the Government should take action on this to provide employment to the owners. village, because the desire of the people is not only to open but also to provide employment opportunities for the youth of Ri-bhoi Sepngi.
When harvested, it is best to leave it for a while (three to fifty hours) before packing it in crates for transportation.
The Mawsynram CHC is not only for the residents of Mawsynram but for all the villages in the Block.
Ma Ngaitlang also urged the people who attended the meeting not to waste their wealth and to be bought only during the elections, while after the elections they cannot meet the elections. u Nongmihkhmat, but at this juncture they should have surprised the people and should have given their full support to Bah Sosthenes Sohtun.
Another issue is the easy access of foreigners to enter and work in the District which has made it difficult for our people to find jobs.
It is up to the people to decide who they want to become a lawmaker.
The State Government on this occasion has turned its attention to these rural village cooperative groups, by introducing the FOCUS mission by providing financial assistance so that these groups can implement their aspirations.
Let us first look at the fruit that falls inside.
Even after the ASHAs have been on strike for months and months, the government of Conrad and Prestone has not listened.
The tournament was organized by the District Sports Officer of East Jaintia Hills District and was played at Madan Deinchynrum.
“Likewise, to achieve the goal of the Act and to ensure the conviction of the persons accused in NDPS cases, the Enforcement agencies of the State should be familiar with the provisions of the Act at the time of conduct an investigation so that the trial can be conducted smoothly.
New Delhi: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has no intention of withdrawing the 500 rupee notes from the market or reissuing the 1,000 rupee notes, RBI Governor Shaktikanta Das today said.
The next step is to take these requirements to any nearby agriculture department or office.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) will hold a special meeting on the 9th of July to discuss the party's post of Lamphang, mid-term elections and other posts including the post of President of the party. will be selected in November.
He said that the date of the elections is now up to the state government to announce when they will be held.
Shillong: Police in Jowai, Shillong, on Tuesday at 9 pm, seized a Bolero (MZO1R-0463) at Jowai Byepass. The driver of the vehicle was NK Thangtea (22) from Aizawl, Mizoram.
This question is because a Hindu cannot be President of the United States, because the founders of the United States did not intend for a Hindu to rule the country.
The JSM, after receiving information that many foreigners are working without permits, led by JSM Working President Head Phalangki, Vice President Rimio Nongtdu and members together with Waheh Shnong Murushai. All these foreigners do not have the necessary documents to work in this area.
The Minister said that the children do not receive timely guidance and this is one of the main reasons which has led to the addiction to drugs.
“As a nation, we should not take stingy such statements, but we should have a good foundation for their hidden meaning and purpose.
The World Bank has strongly urged that the funds released to countries that still need to increase income should be spent exactly as planned.
The government should also listen to the complaints of the farmers who come out from time to time when they sell their crops, because there is no sufficient price in the market. In order to improve the income of the farmers, the government should also ban the import of agricultural products from outside the state and pay special attention to the agricultural products produced by the farmers in the state.
The meeting was also enriched by songs, dances and other competitive programs held during these two days at USTM. The title of Mr. Fresher-2023 of USTM went to Veto Saviyo Resu and Miss Fresher went to Natalia Chetia.
He directed the central government to call for talks with the Myanmar government on the border dispute.
Many countries like Japan, China and European countries have banned the use of potassium bromated but in India in Delhi it was found that this chemical is contained in bread.
The Chairman of JHADC has appealed to the people of Narpuh area to release the NPP candidate Santa Mary Shylla by forgetting the good character of Bah Pale and the MPship of Ma Pala.
Nongstoiñ, November 7: A fire broke out in a house in Mawduh, West Khasi Hills on Tuesday evening at 5 pm. The damage was estimated at 2 lakh tyngka.
State Executive Member of the BJP, Bah M.Kharkrang, who is also a BJP candidate for the North Shillong Constituency in the 2023 Legislative Assembly Elections, “The registration of the people especially in the Khasi villages has increased and so far there are about 100 people and we expect more to come. Many of them have to go to work because it is also Saturday.
As an officer who has met with TB patients from time to time, she said that the TB patients who face the most problems are those who come from low income families and who are often excluded from society. who shall suffer persecution.
There are 19,29,329 confirmed cases, 1,29,53,821 recoveries and 12,38,52,566 injections. viruses.
On this occasion, a briefing was given on the Ginger Mission from the Department of Agriculture and also on the Public Distribution System from the Department of Food and Civil Supplies.
The MDC election in 2019 in Mawlai will be very interesting especially in terms of some of the candidates.
However, because the crowd was thousands, we couldn't control it because the crowd didn't allow us.
However, the driver of the truck sustained serious injuries and died at the Civil Hospital Mairang at 2 pm.
The body of Wanda-rihun was found lying naked at a place in Umiam, Ri-Bhoi on Tuesday.
This art appeared in the 17th century during the reign of the Mughal Emperor Akbar.
“Many states have held job search campaigns to attract nurses and offer them the opportunities they can get while working abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The C&RD department has not yet submitted the Income Census to the Food and Civil Department. Supplies.
The four leaders are Dawanshan Kharbudon, Mebanshan Kharbudon, Nathaniel Kharbudon and Ardentson Syngkon.
A group of prominent Indian scientists first wrote about the same fact that we have discovered.
He said that this place has turned into a drug den and a drug dealing place.
Whether the government will punish those who took part in the construction of the new Assembly and who did not work together until it caused the collapse of the Dome, the Prime Minister said. The government will take a decision and especially to assess the damage caused by the collapse of the Dome.
Therefore, to survive in the next five years and to avoid any problems, the people should examine whether the current leaders are really serving you right if they re-elect them but if they don't, take them. The decision is appropriate but only the people should not be deceived by money.
Yes, Hindi is the official language of India.
Jowai, Naitung 12: Today is the second day of the Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Jowai on behalf of the Kmai Raij. They left seven villages to take the Deiñkhlam from the forest and settle them at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
“As of now, we don't have any complaints against them, but what is unacceptable from the Congress party is that they have decided to work with the BJP party and apart from that they don't have anything to do with them. There is no reason against these MLAs of the party”.
However, the fact that it has taken more than four years for this to happen shows a well-oiled operation that is behind the scenes of this illegal activity.
Now that the National Parties are criticizing that the Seng Riewlum is limited to Khanapara, the VPP with the support of the people will end their activities only in Khanapara.
The ship and its crew were taken and arrested and taken to Okha for further investigation,” said a statement released by the army officials.
He suggested that from now on, the people should water their crops with jung water as it contains chemicals that build plants like urea and nitrogen. smile which has prompted many to comment on social media such as twitter.
The Silver Jubilee celebration was inaugurated by Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati who was the chief guest. elders, teachers and parents from the village.
U Bah Bok, even in the midst of the cold, had to leave early in the morning to go to work.
“Through the trick of social media, they have been deceiving, then continuing to deceive and deceiving and they continue to deceive the people of the country until now.
The examination will be conducted in 13 languages: English, Hindi, Gujarati, Bengali, Kannada, Malayalam, Marathi, Odia, Punjabi, Tamil, Telugu and Urdu.
Other states captured by the Taliban include Badakhshan, where the capital, Faizabad, was captured, and Baghlan, where the city of Poli-Khumri was destroyed. in the Taliban.
This proposal will be for children who are struggling in terms of income.
The meeting was attended by Edystone Shylla, Assistant Head Shnong Latu Nartiang and Assistant Secretary D Nartiang.
Rikman also acknowledged that the party is in the minds of the people and it is because the party has hope because the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked hard for the poor.
The party through its President Paila Kordor Lyngkot strongly condemns these bloodthirsty people who took away the lives of these two precious souls.
Encouraged by their previous victories, Lajong fought hard to reach the goal of victory, and before the end of the game, TRAU-FC defender Thomas Singh Thounaojam scored the first goal of the match. scored his own goal in the 86th minute to secure the victory for Lajong.
Previously, the payment of ASHAs used to take 120-150 days but with this App, the payment will now take only 5-7 days,” he said.
Police rushed to the scene and said that Payeng was the only Christian who owned his own church.
Jowai: Police at Ummulong Outpost have seized 850 grams of Ganja from an Alto 800 (MLO4C 4887) Shillong, Jowai.
Under the Act, the Ministers of Home Affairs will have to monitor the entry and exit of refugees into the country and will have to account for those refugees who enter the country illegally. the border of the country.
However, this problem was solved by bringing back another machine and the polling went smoothly from 7.0 pm.
Perhaps, the Prime Minister's statement is just a false public propaganda.
“The Supreme Court has allowed the transportation of coal from the 4th, while the state government has issued a notification on the 10th and continues the 10-day Christmas and New Year holiday.
"If the MFA had held an Under-21 tournament, we clubs would have taken action to form an Under-21 team, but it didn't and even the AIFF has removed the Under-21 tournament from the tournament. Santosh Trophy, and we will use it for what,” said Bah Hering.
Myntlang, and at other times, it appears at night like a dark cloud, and appears on the leaves and branches like bright stones, but in the morning it disappears without a trace. half because the plants and the earth had covered it, and half because the rising sun had covered it.
Short speeches were also delivered by Bah Paulmiky Marweiñ and Gracemin Syiemlieh, President of the Children's Wing of St. Cyril Catholic Church Shaid Shaid.
He also thanked the MLA of Nongstoiñ, Bah Macmillan Byrsta for donating T.4.5 lakh to the school. It is a great blessing to the village of Pyndengrei where in the last 4 years alone many development schemes have flowed whether it is in education, drinking water, roads and others.
Girls Team- Coach- Miss Larihun Warjri, Asst.Coach- Miss Bashisha Rani l bad Manager- Miss Jessica TSangma.
On the other hand, these leaders said that there is something behind the secret reception of the doctor. “In fact, Maieit Hoping has been shocked by the rebellion of this honorable man. “Hoping was defeated when he was Deputy Chief Minister in 2008-2009 and he also fought against Maieit to contest the MLA election in 2013,” they said.
For example, 'When there is a great enmity between the two cases, there is a great suffering of peace'- here '...there is a great enmity...' is the tiensyrdoh; but if it is written 'It is difficult to make peace, when the two sides are fighting here'...three times...' is a tienwet.
Heavy vehicles such as buses will park at Iew Rynghep Square, Fire Brigade, the route to take the body of Fadar will be from Mawlai Phudmawrie – FCI – Forest Colony – Polo – 4th Furlong – BK Bojoria School – Shillong College – Donbosco – Laitumkhrah Cathedral and cemetery in Nongrimaw.
This lack of a body to monitor and manage has been a waste of lakhs of crores of public money.
The question now is, what has the Government done for the many children who do not have the opportunity to go to school? At the same time, we have to ask the Non-Governmental Organizations (Non-Governmental Organizations) which deal with the problems in the society whether they inform the Government so that everyone can one child or children will enjoy their right to educate themselves through education.
That means that out of 59 members, only 14 members formed the Opposition Party.
Harlibagan FC won the cash prize of Rs 30,000 and a trophy while MMYC won the cash prize of Rs 15,000 and a trophy. Wanpyndap Lapang of Harlibagan FC won the Best Goal Keeper, December Khongjoh of Umtyrnga FC won the Best Goal Keeper and the Best Discipline Team won the title. : It is true that the road in Khliehriat, the Head Quarter of the District, is filled with water. The East Jaintia Drivers Association (EDA) today sent a letter to the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District in Khliehriat. The union urges the Deputy Commissioner to take action regarding the deterioration of the road in Khliehriat which is the District Head Quarter and along the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District. .
The new Chief Secretary of Mahatma Gandhi, Kong RV Suchiang, led the laying of wreaths at the statue of Mahatma Gandhi at the Main Secretariat.
After searching and turning around, they found stone caves and in these stone caves there was a good cremation ground suitable for spending the night there.
However, this year the VPP has been busy with its visits across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills to explain the principles and activities of the VPP which has started since the MLA elections of this year. 2023.
They are poisonous substances or organisms that cause certain diseases in plants and humans, such as tuberculosis.
Even the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma and the Principal Secretary Rowel Lyngdoh have made it clear that the government will pass a law to empower the Rangbah Shnongs as the district council laws are not adequate.
During the 24 hour curfew called by the HNLC, many offices and private workplaces, including schools, have been closed except for government offices. make tree.
The time passed quickly to turn on its path. She had to walk from the spring to the spring, then to the spring and slowly to the mountain.
The body of the deceased was shifted to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, Shillong.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest laid the ribbon and congratulated Preciousstone Ryntathiang President of the Shlem and his family for their efforts. The household is ready to set up such a shlem which can teach the children of the area to develop in the game of football which is one of the physical activities to free the youth from bad habits.
On this day, many parents, children and elderly people came for treatment and received medicines.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: It will be of great benefit to those Longsem families who do not have homes living in the villages of Nongpoh, through the scheme of the Central Government known as the PMAY(U) will have 1091 households who will receive housing which has been allocated by the Central Government through the Ministry of Housing & Urban Affairs in the implementation of the State Government through the Urban Affairs Department.
The thylliej language of the Khasi, Which has been given to us by God;
We must not forget that the media is the fourth link in public administration along with the legislature, the judiciary and the executive.
Dr Helen received this award for her efforts in promoting and promoting the traditional music and dance of Meghalaya.
It was founded by Rev. Dr. Francis Edward Clard on 2nd June 1881 at Wiliston Congregational Church, Portland, USA. Mandana changed.
The author of the book "The Swordsman with the Stealth of the Tiger" written by Dr. HH Mohrmen is taken from the writings of the British soldiers and the stories told by the elders from the time. sha that time.
Therefore, this is the situation we are facing now.
The Society will also hold the Ms Supermom Beauty Pageant, a competition for single mothers.
The tape travels where head 7 inches /second.
He said that when he was a child, he was a man full of physical pain.
Jowai: The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transport Association (ACE) has decided to hold a public meeting on the 16th of this month at 10:30 am at 7-mer near Rajasthan Dhaba.
Bobby will appear in Indian magazines soon before the Grand Final.
This road has been constructed under the PMGSY scheme and has been completed recently.
What does it mean to ksiang and mei rang (pliang) together with the bisli of a person when it is full?1
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the parents of the students who came to write the examination said that they had come to accompany the students from 12 and 1 pm but until the evening they could not even sit inside the classroom.
The Bill is aimed at curbing the illegal entry of Muslims from neighboring countries, especially into Assam, which is inhabited by Muslims from Bangladesh. state.
He said that through this ambulance the people will benefit and it will be a good service to the people of this village.
He said that all the people of India celebrate this day.
Shillong, Lber 11: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, today said that the KHADC has collected revenue from June last year to October this year. (2023-2024) has reached T.73,39,2054 crore and is estimated from 1.04.23 to
Despite the challenges of learning a new language, these students worked hard as a means to an end.
"Let's talk about that... Now let's talk about another subject..." said Hep. "O, all that remains is for you to answer me, Lydia," said Hep. So when Lydia's father came into the house, they stopped talking about it.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Khanduli, Bah Yooshida Nongspung, said that the meeting has decided that while the Karbi people do not accept the peace offer, they will continue to ban the entry and exit of the Karbi people. Karbi to Khanduli and traded with the Karbi.
MEPA would like to express its gratitude to all the journalists, journalists and employees for their tireless work to serve the industry throughout the years and in the future, said the statement. General Secretary Philip Marwein and President RM Shabong.
Shullai also alleged that the NPP is a very close observer of the BJP's religious issues. Therefore, only the TMC has exposed all the secrets of the BJP party. since 2014.
The Assembly building was constructed by a company owned by the Government of Uttar Pradesh.
This is the main reason why the riewdum have become more and more courageous as the days and years have passed.
After the final of the games, the office also distributed several prizes in the presence of Bah SI Lasso, Assistant Executive Engineer of PWD. (Road), Mawkyrwat Division together with Bah Alwin Wanbah, BADO of Mawkyrwat Block were the assistants in distributing the awards.
The Langrin constituency of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been vacant for four months after the death of Bah Nasar in April last year.
The civil society has the right to oppose because so far all the development projects of the government have been corrupt.
The Employment Exchange of Nongstoiñ has been serving the job seekers of the District for 50 years.
On the other hand, Ma Lakmen urged those schools where contract teachers have been dismissed to continue to suffer temporarily.
The State Government has proposed to deploy up to 160 companies of CRPF troops to curb illegal coal smuggling in Meghalaya. Western Range.
Of these 18,30,104, 9,23,848 are female and 9,06,256 are male.
“Of course the goal is to resolve the border issue within these five years,” he said.
In response to the BJP's response, the party's Media Chairman, Jairam Ramesh, has already written to the CBI. Amit Shah on his claim that the (previous) Government in Meghalaya is the most corrupt in the country.
He also urged everyone to plant & take care of tree trunks so that we can get clean oxygen, water, prevent soil erosion, so that we can get fruit that builds the soil. our bodies and other benefits to humans that we can get from trees.
Just saying 'sor' makes you feel clear, makes you rich and makes you feel standard.
When Kiang came back from the hill at night after eating, he sat down with his mother Ka Rimai Nangbah in the middle of the fire and told him what had happened to the mother of U Ksan. Sajar Nangbah who was killed by the Dohlieh at Chan Myrsiang.
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, on Tuesday urged Dr Mukul Sangma to provide explanations on the allegations of corruption in the implementation of projects. The Suabhagya scheme for the distribution of electricity to the villages.
Police have arrested the general manager, Marabendra Talukdar, 25, and Deewan Abdul Khayer,
The training was also supported by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
Kanye West says that when his wife Kim Kardashian was pregnant with their first child, North, in 2013, Kanye was pregnant with her. phone and tell me that I'm poor and I'm crying again.
The residents of the area face difficulties in travelling especially in case of illness.
“The union has also found that many of the shops are benami and many of the steel fabrication and hardware shops are owned by foreign Marwaris from Rajasthan. “It is the ownership of the mynder in our area and it has been found that it is the help of the village leaders to allow the mynder to set up businesses in our country,” said the statement. Jersom Shylla said that the party is angry with the silence of the central government and the inability of the Chief Minister to get the ILP from the Indian government and the party has stopped to meet the Union Home. Minister Amit Shah without any hesitation and said that the party will continue with this path.
After the rain, the authorities immediately suspended the match.
I will talk to Dr Mukul Sangma and we will see what happens.
On the occasion of the Republic Day, the State also received four policemen, who were selected to receive the Presidential Police Medal. Bhalchand Mishra, Sub Inspector of Police, who received the same President Police Medal (PPM) from the President and Bah Lambok Shadap, Sub Inspector of Police. , who received the Police Medal for Meritorious Service, Aljwin Rani, Leading Fireman, Anith Marak, Leading Fireman, who received the Fire Service Medal for Meritorious Service.
After India failed to score from home, head coach Thomas Dennerby sent two goals in the 51st minute for Kajol and Nitu Linda who came on in place of Lynda Kom and Babina.
Speech was also delivered by Bah A.Shanpru Officer I/c.
On the other hand, Kong Matsiewdor also appealed to the residents to use a weather information system known as the 'Sachet App'
Prestone said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had left for Manipur on Saturday and after returning, he had already held a meeting with the Chief Minister. He tested negative and left for Delhi yesterday.
The VPP spokesperson said that the party urges the party employees and office bearers as well as the people to take part in this strike to force the State Government on the demands it has put forward.
He said these will be his 2023 election issues.
It was also witnessed that if it had not been for the members of the Sengbhalang who were quick to move, there would have been injuries in the speeding of the two Gypsy vehicles of the Police.
The report was presented by the EM in charge of Hima and Elaka, Bah PK Pangniang, in which he said that the election of Syiem was held at Malaisohmat on 13th July and the resolution was announced at on the 17th of July.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The work has been slow and the people want the PWD department to look into it to speed up the work as it causes problems to the people in coming and going.
God has given the earth to be used by the masters of this earth who are human beings but these masters in their pride of ownership destroy and destroy all these blessings of the Lord only from for their own greed, they destroy even the earth which is the Mother who provides for the needs of all mankind.
The NPP has explained that as she has spent her time and energy in serving the people and is respected in the society, she has worked hard during the COVID-19 pandemic. The party has found that she is qualified to contest from the NPP in the MLA election. 27 June 2023.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “I cannot tell you all about this but so far the police have received to arrest three persons involved in planting IED bomb at NPP office on 4th of this month”.
On the same day, he confirmed the office bearers of the UDP Ranikor Zonal Unit, Women Wing and Youth Wing.
He said the NPP is now ready to contest the two elections, the MP and MDC elections in
On the other hand, she promised to pay the same price to the distributors to all the schools who are willing to supply milk to the children.
Khliehriat,” said the statement.
I will take this decision in the coming days,” said Bah Hek.
Those who accuse the President of the Seng Ma Nidamon Chullet are people who do not attend meetings and who are not members of the Seng, because they don't know what the truth is and if they want the truth they will give it. They will be invited to check the register at the General meeting of the party to be held at Phramer on 28th June 2018 at 2:00 pm, said a statement from the General Secretary of the party.
Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per month free of charge, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Director of Arts and Culture, Kong Matsiewdor War, said that although the work is ongoing, one of the requests of the Ministry of Home Affairs is for the census. people who speak and write Khasi.
He said that he has experienced many benefits in his career in the last 10 years he has served and worked in West Khasi Hills.
To those whom you have sent to quarantine at home who have this disease, are they enemies of their family members? When you, the authorities, sent them back to their homes and villages? And how long can these patients take care of themselves if they are not nurses or doctors? But what I want to say is, if this is really an infectious disease or is it really that The government should take action against this,,, just say that they have contracted Corona and without any preventive measures that is no longer the case. The Corona that has come to frighten is only the Corona that has brought light – especially to many people.
Shillong Secondary School, which came to bat last, reached the target of 71 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in 11 overs.
It was observed that this discrimination against the poor started with the sale of forms months before the results were released.
Nongpoh: The HYC Umden Circle on Saturday, together with the drivers of commercial vehicles in Umden area, on Saturday, came out to repair the damaged parts of the road. People-Village.
This political party will come back in time to rule this we know for sure looking at the situation and the wind at this time.
Jowai, Naiwieng 19: An 11-year-old girl has gone missing from her home in East Jaintia Hills. The child was identified as Risa Talang, daughter of Silda Talang, Nongjngi Khliehshnong. However, they have joined her husband who is still working in the coal mining area in the Moolait area, the source said.
Shillong, November 15: The 29th State Karate Championship 2023 organized by the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) kicked off on Thursday at the Indoor Stadium at Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex, Polo.
“According to the police, we feel that this case has been taken seriously and there are shortcomings here and there and if necessary, action should be taken against those who did not perform their duties properly at the time of the complaint. These Commissions will look into and investigate,” she said.
Jowai: U Bah Poipynhun Majaw, President of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF), has been killed this morning.
This special request to the police is because they are one of the largest government agencies with up to 6 battalions and each battalion has about 10,000 or less soldiers in one. battalion, followed by the reserve police in each district and also the SF10 and in total there may be more than 8000 or less policemen in the state.
Attempts were made to call the Congress MLAs from the MPCC president, ministers and Congress MLAs but they did not accept the call. Some said that the leadership could go to Marak if there is a real change but the last news will be that they will wait for the AICC's order. He has resigned from the post of Prime Minister but the struggle between them is still going on.
“It is the responsibility of the Lokayukta and it is the duty of the law enforcement agencies to report to the Lamphang what should be done and he will do what is necessary,” he added.
Dangri alone scored the three goals in the 33rd, 69th and 72nd minutes.
“I have already said that the NDA government in the CM will intend to hold the Lok Sabha elections as soon as possible.
It should not be forgotten that such an uprising happened in 2005 when the KSU demanded the relocation of the MBOSE Headquarters from Tura to Shillong.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that roads are a blessing to the income, health, education and daily activities of the people in the villages. He said that the Government has ensured that the development has reached all the villages.
The first time I heard of the Teapot Dome Scandal in the United States.
On the other hand, the Voice of the People Khliehriat Circle Leader, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, while speaking to reporters, expressed his deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road in Khliehriat. The party will hold a public meeting at Teilang Play Ground in Dkhiah West on the 18th of this month at 11 am to express their views on the neglect of the district. Regarding the road, the party will leave it to the decision of the people and the decision will be taken on that day which is the decision of the people.
He said that the special session was convened by Bah PN Syiem today and the members were elected to submit their names to the Governor, who is not a member. of the Congress party and a retired judge.
Replying to the UDP ticket, FD Ramsiej said that Mangkara is a new member of the UDP, who joined the UDP on 14th November. “Therefore, this ticket to Bah Mangkara could only strengthen the party in this constituency,” said Bah FD Ramsiej.
Speaking on the opening day, Fr.Manbha Pakem urged the participants to implement the training they have received and not to stay in the knowledge without using it.
Tharoor, after the results came out, tweeted, “It is not surprising that the BJP is in a state of shock today, but the truth is that the voters have voted for this is your organization.
There have been no allegations against Bah Robert Kharjahrin, but only a few have criticized the UDP and HSPDP, which are synrop parties in the RDA, because they have joined the state government. The NPP and before the formation of the government, the two ethnic parties lost their rule due to the turning away of the two HSPDP candidates. the matti is not shynna through the ryta.
The match was very competitive and both teams played well.
At the same time, Dr Celestine congratulated the MCA and RBDCA for organizing this tournament and hope that they will be able to do better in the future tournaments. He also urged the players to develop their skills and develop their brains so that they can achieve victory and progress in their lives.
The MKHC has invited church groups to hold prayers on the night of 16th June, but the date has been changed later to 9th and 10th June.
If you have any complaints, questions or information relating to violations of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC), please contact the Observer.
Speaking on the promises of the AITC, Abhishek said that like in West Bengal, for government schemes from ration to documents, the people don't have to stand in line but the government employees themselves. “This too can be done in Meghalaya,” said Abhishek.
He said the purpose of this program is to create a platform for the youth to respond to their aspirations and to reach all parts of the state.
After 18 years, Kevin Costner and Christine Baumgartner have decided to end their marriage. reached the point where they had to end their relationship completely.
Finally, in Mowkaiaw (ST), there were 39,669 voters, including 19,624 males and 20,045 females.
With about 6 months left for the new election of MLAs, the BJP has projected itself well by admitting that there are current MLAs from other parties who have come to apply for tickets to contest the election. the 2023 elections.
If people do not do what is necessary, the department will have no choice and will have to levy taxes on these deposits.
The award was presented on the 22nd of this month at Pynursla at a short meeting in the presence of the owner of Rupang, Bah R Monarch Shabong, the Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla and the President of the Sumo Association, Bah Diamondstone Lyngdoh with the testimony of the drivers of these associations.
Shillong: The DC (Supply) of East Khasi Hills District today sent an officer to investigate the loss of rice at Laitnongkseh village. Sohiong C&RD Block which has been allocated by the government under the PMGKAY Scheme under the AAY list to assist the people in this crisis due to covid-1
Furthermore, at this meeting, there was a complaint from the drivers that the fare is too high along the highway due to the illegal toll collection gates from the gates of JHADC and KHADC. This has caused a huge loss to the truck owners and drivers as all these taxes have not reached the state government but have been deposited into the pockets of the employees.
Therefore, these vehicles have been returned along with the people to their places of origin with the understanding that they should not come without proper documents.
Mairang: The Model Code of Conduct for the Lok Sabha Elections, 2024 has come into force throughout the country due to the announcement by the ECI.
He said the state government has started conducting surveys across the states of India in Tamil Nadu, Goa, Assam and Sikkim on the government's takeover of the teaching post and the report has been submitted to the government. .
He said that as a citizen of Meghalaya, he wants the leaders and intellectuals of the state to come out at this time to speak to the people that before they elect their leaders, they should vote for them. because the election of leaders is a sacred task which can build up the nation and destroy the nation.
He was treated at Ranikor PHC but was sent to Civil Hospital Shillong.
She said that many of the companies that Gautam Adani has bought are through money he has borrowed tens of thousands of crores of rupees from banks, but to pay back the money it takes about three years. Nirav Modi, Lalit Modi, after they have borrowed tens of thousands of crores of rupees without paying their loans and fled India, are liars, that's why Rahul Gandhi “He is speaking on this issue so that it doesn't happen again, like before,” said Bobeeta Sharma.
In English, I said, “Do not apply the cave theory to the Khasi race.
Government Minister Kyrmen Shylla and Deputy CEM of JHADC Lasky Rymbai were also present.
Mizoram scored 163/6 in 20 overs while Meghalaya scored 143/7
Nongpoh: The Raid Marwet Development and Social Welfare Committee (RMD&SWC) has been formed by the elders of different villages of the Raid Marwet. to be announced on Saturday, before the Syiem of Raid Marwet.
On the same day, at 3.30 pm, it was found that one of the workers, Phyrnai Langshiang, had illegally quarried coal from the same place.
“Women have been raped...raped, but he is blind and deaf," she said.
The MDC alleged that the PHE department has treated the elders of the village as riewkaiia for seven years now when they went to the department to complain about the water, the answer they received from them was always Umngot Water Supply has been completed and they say that it will take only seven months to complete.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Presbyterian Church (PBC) has decided to remove the title of Pastor from Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit for his involvement in politics.
In this regard, the MP has directed the PMGSY Implementation Department to take action against the contractors who have not completed the projects assigned to them on time.
Jowai, Lber 27: U Prof. Lakhon Kma, Independent Candidate for the Lok Sabha Election 2024 from Shillong seat, today visited Jowai and Phramer West Jaintia Hills District. The works he will do if he comes to victory will be honored.
At the same time, he said how the CEMs of the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) did not know whether they were listening or not.
Firstborn John Marngar, President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills (FKJGP) Mawthadraishan Circle together with Samla Silenstar Kharbani, General Secretary of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo (FKJGP) Mawthadraishan Circle and some members of the school visited the school to encourage and award as a sign of encouragement to Albin Lyngdoh to continue to do well and work hard. At the same time, the Seng through its President and General Secretary urged all the students of St. Joseph's Higher Secondary School, Nongkasen, Eastern West Khasi Hills. District to follow the example of Samla Albin Lyngdoh so that not only he but others can continue to bring name and glory to the school and the community as well as the nation as a whole. other.
Unfortunately, as the years go by, the forests along the hill have become increasingly destroyed due to the widespread rnga pollution and if this rnga pollution continues, there is no doubt that all the water sources will be destroyed. bam they shall be destroyed.
Shillong: The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) today posted on its Facebook page that it has written to the Chief Secretary, Meghalaya, Home Secretary, Meghalaya, regarding the NIT, Meghalaya Campus has been destroyed.
Finally, I would like to request the Ex-Minister of I/c Industries of Meghalaya to come to this constituency.
Another thing is that the Sale Deed was written on A4 paper which did not exist in 1982,” said Islam.
Others who took wickets included Riboklang Hynniewta (1/13), Chengkam Sangma (1/15) and Pankaj Mandal (1/25).
Shillong: Langsning Football Club beat Lajong Football Club 2-0 in the first semi-final of the Shillong Premier League on Saturday at Polo Ground.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Bah PS Dkhar, said that the area has many talented artists, but they have not had the opportunity to exhibit to the world. the sap that they have.
When asked why he left the HSPDP, Bah Samlin said, “He left the HSPDP for no reason but as a leader when he is in a clean government he has many challenges. any matter relating to the public interest".
At that time there will be no more strife and strife.
According to the report, the incidence of the disease has decreased and tests have been completed especially for those who are at risk or who may be affected by the disease.
“We are very happy that their hard work has paid off.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHIA) has alleged that the office of the Dorbar Ki Daloi Ri Jaintia Hills District has collected money from trucks at Mookyndur without proper grounds.
He said that the party will clarify and on the part of Bah Renikton he has expressed his willingness to take part in the post of Minister of the State Government and on his part he is ready to. aim; However, it is not yet clear when it will end or when it will be handed over, but the party will decide how to do it for the better.
Prestone Tynsong, NPP supporters in Mawlai, said:
The Rights to Free and Compulsory Education Act has also created problems as many schools in the state are run by NGOs such as religions, villages and various organisations.
It is therefore important for all citizens not to be stingy but to follow the rules on how to avoid electrical hazards.
The robber who had carried away Tongsoh took out his spears and ryntieh and shot the chiefs of the Sharbrei clan.
The cost of the fire has been estimated at T.65 lakh.
In a statement, the SP of Shillong, Shillong, said that on 2nd June 2020, Shillong Police have arrested a man from Bimola Point named Bhim Bahadur Chetri. they live in Johannesburg.
They went to the area for the purpose of installing some electrical wires in the village.
The KSU said that the same people differ only in the name of the village where he lived before and now.
AAY rice will be distributed at 35 kilos per household free of charge, PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per month free of charge, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month. The wholesale price shall not exceed T12.00/- per kilo and the wholesale price shall not exceed T 14.00/- per kilo.
H/S School against Trangblang Govt UP & RMSA at 2.00 pm.
Therefore, this year, while there is still time, it is a golden opportunity for the ethnic parties to unite, if they want to form a government with only ethnic parties.
It is learned that the revenue department of the state government wants the shooters to stop shooting at Polo and to go to Laitlyngkot and join the shooting. Hynniewtrep Indigenous Archery Organizers Institute (HIAOI).
He said that this meeting was also part of the encouragement and support to Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, leader of the VPP who has been on hunger strike for five days in front of the Additional Secretariat to demand from the government. to review the reservation policy.
Explaining why the Assembly has not been able to give a seat to Bah Ardent, Pastor Phawa said that this has been a long time ago, which has not existed since before he took office. he was in the Assembly for four years.
However, the beginning of the decline of the Khasi language can be said to be due to the lack of responsibility by everyone, especially by the scholars who have completed their education in their own language.
Over the years, changes have taken place in this city even though it is more than 300 km away from Shillong.
This place is funded by the UGC.
A unit in charge of this task will be set up to meet the digital requirements in the MHRD to look after the needs of e-education in schools and higher education.
Many households have received 3/4 quintal of rice per household because the office has distributed all those months from July until the lockdown months. 2020 here.
At the same time, the players who have represented the state as well as those who have completed their training in the field of umpire and scorer were also honoured.
Explaining that the VPP should not mislead the people, Prestone said, “I think that's enough.
The Doloi of Narpuh District, Manbha Kyndoh, Chiehruphi Village Head, Phrom Rymbai, Boundary Secretary Rymbai District, Balios Swer, Ratacherra Village Head, D. Pohshna, Pyrtakuna Village Head, Love You Bareh and all the speakers expressed their support to the Goldstone Company which plans to mine shun stone and also to mine dewbyrtha from the park in these villages namely Chiehruphi and Umtyra.
At the same time, Gurjit said that the residents of the area will ensure that the area is beautiful and clean, and in this regard, the residents receive full support from the Sikhs. .
Perhaps the government has done the necessary things as mentioned above, but before the election it is the right time to remind everyone of the important issues related to politics so that The youth who will participate should understand and be happy to elect their leaders and know that they have a great role in society and the truth about the EPIC they hold.
Sweet potatoes -12 kgs7
“In the past, we used to open every day, but suddenly the ban came, which put us in a surprise, especially when there were no explanations,” said the shopkeepers.
Then more and more visions worked.
This means that the polling officials don't have security when they go to complete their duty or even after they have completed their duty because no one believes to leave or take them to their places of residence even at night. la ïong cat cat spirit.
Nongstoiñ, July 29: The suspension of the contractor for the improvement and cleaning of the road from Nongjyllieh to Lawse village, which connects Nongkhnum, Shadthum and Weinia villages, has caused inconvenience to the passengers of many villages. village in the area.
The CAG said that there are 1748 vacancies in primary schools and 224 vacancies in primary schools with only one teacher.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The State Education Mission Authority (SENAM) together with the National Commission for Child Rights and Protection (SENAM) on Tuesday held a workshop to explain to the School Managing Committees (SMCs) how to implement the children’s rights.
NEAU scored 138 runs in 32.5 overs for the loss of all wickets.
In France, a doctor who treated patients with Corona virus has died yesterday, the first case of the disease in the country.
Referring to the leadership position, he said that as he used to be the leader of the MDCs, he was the CEM candidate and now he said that Bah Process has been elected as the leader and he will also be the CEM candidate. Pynshngain did not say whether Process will remain until the end of his term as leader, and the leadership position depends on the members and may change later. “Now I am the chairman, “If there may be a change, there may be others, and so it is up to the PP Leader or the Secretary as far as the members are concerned,” said Bah Pynshngain N Syiem.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CM, Mawkordor Kharsyiemlieh said that this is not the first time that the Seng has visited the SBI management but the third time. He said that the Seng will also lodge a complaint with the higher authorities of SBI in Shillong. that it should take immediate action against these companies and deposit money.
Christ Church Morning School has organized the Mawlai Inter School Football Tournament with the participation of schools from Mawlai.
There has never been a journey that has brought blessings and blessings from almost all the different kingdoms of the world – a journey that has united all the different opinions among the people, which has also destroyed hatred and enmity. one by one on this earth.
Interestingly, the Governor said to them, “Please come out soon” and also spoke to the Father of All Saints Cathedral, who wanted to attend their service. The priest suggested that the best day for him to leave would be during Christmas.
Shillong: Out of the 101 new cases of coronavirus in the state, 56 cases are from East Khasi Hills.
D in the year
“I don't have anything to say about this decision but I ask what is the responsibility of the opposition? The opposition's job is to overthrow the government and Dr. Mukul's claim that the MDA government has destroyed the state is because he has spoken according to his duty. the leader of the opposition," he said.
All schools from primary to higher secondary schools in West Garo Hills District will be closed from 19th June 2023 to 21st June 2023, according to the government. The Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District.
Shillong: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued an order ban ban the deposit of money in the country. He said that in these days of preparation for the elections, there will be people who will carry a lot of money to deceive the voters and for that reason, the DEC, has issued a The law, which prohibits the carrying of more than T.50,000, within the border of East Khasi Hills District.
Jowai: Regarding the dewbilat factories' retaliation against the owners of trucks carrying dewbilat and clinker to transport across Meghalaya and other states in the North East, the Seng ki The Joint Action Committee (AJCCTA) and the Meghalaya Truckers' Union (MTU) have decided to convene a general meeting to discuss the issue. They have also taken action against these dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, Naitung 24: A Maruti Swift (ML 05 T 9723) while carrying passengers from Guwahati Airport to Shillong collided with another truck. Two persons were injured in a road accident near National Highway 6 at Dulongnar village in Ri Bhoi district.
After this, the Lumparing Presbyterian Church took over the service inside the house and took it back to the cemetery.
Shillong: U Ma Chanbor War, Asst.Waheh Shnong and several members of Namdong B Village Committee, today visited the Asst Executive Engineer Khliehtyrshi to ask for clarification on the issue of Namdong B Village Committee. The Committee has expressed many concerns about the sudden increase in the electricity bill in the village especially those under the BPL scheme and those under the DLT scheme. Regarding the electricity bill, the Asst Executive Engineer Khliehtyrshi said that the increase in the electricity bill is due to the outstanding bills. Engineer Khliehtyrshi said that they can pay as installment at any time they feel comfortable and said that if there is an excessive increase in the electricity bill; Any household can check their meter at the office in Khliehtyrshi.
Upon arrival at the main gate of Parliament, Modi was greeted by BJP leaders with flowers and before entering the main chamber of Parliament, Modi bowed his head. on the stones with both hands.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang said that the election is only 3 or 4 months away, and up to 77,000 people will be able to register their names because even the indigenous people who have reached the 18th century will be able to register their names. There will be no MLA elections in three months, as more than 1 lakh candidates have already registered their names before the MLA elections.
Explaining about these 14 candidates, whom the MDC said is only to mislead the people, Bah Jambor said that one of them has been elected since the mid-term elections to KHADC in I don't have a UDP because I don't have a job.
He is also one of the tit farmers, straw berry farmers and the first winemaker in West Khasi Hills who has received an award from the Prime Minister for his work. perseverance, hard work and perseverance in the field.
According to information received, the management of the petrol pump has not informed the police about the fire in the room at the petrol pump which happened on the 1st of this month.
South West Khasi Hills District came second with two gold, silver and three bronze medals.
It is the most expensive sheep in the world and was sold for £365,000 (or 3,56,94,934 in Indian rupees) at auction on Friday.
Looking back on this match, it was witnessed the skills and talent of these players that the team has brought all from the state.
The Aspire Meghalaya's District Talent Events 2022 was held on the 10th of March at Khimusniang Indoor Sports Hall, Jowai with the participation of 21 students. different phong that they have.
“It is necessary that each village and each Hima should have its own map, and later the full map of the District Council can be obtained through their maps. "It's a good idea to have a clean slate," said Jansing Tynsong, MDC.
The only Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi has laid the foundation stone for the construction of a ramp for the sick especially pregnant women at Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai. it's Friday.
The Minister said this while replying to a question by the VPP leader from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit who asked for clarification on how Bangladeshis can sell their land in Rynjah. They were killed during the East Pakistan War of Independence in
Nongpoh, June 17: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has decided to hold a meeting of all the Rangbah Shnongs in Ri-Bhoi District due to its deep concern over many issues affecting the Rangbah Shnongs and the community. especially the decision of the District Council to ban the Village Authorities from taking part in political affairs.
At the same time, he reminded them of their duty as teachers on how to restore the reputation that was lost in the past when foreigners used to come to this country to study.
He said that Pala has admitted that the twolane road was introduced but this is an unfounded statement because this road was started 20 years ago and NEIGRIHMS was not introduced by Pala.
Later, the clash was resolved and no tragic incident occurred between the two sides.
Sangma and Brington expelled Hopingstone from the APHLC on 1st November
"We expect that this decision will also be made in Kiev and the terms for this decision will be announced," he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah WB Rynjah, said that the tournament is part of the celebration of the golden jubilee of the Seng Khasi College. take the opportunity to conduct many programs.
Shabana Azmi, who was present at the interview, said, “I never expected that this incident would be a heated discussion.
It can be taken the day before the end of the session of Parliament,” he said.
He said that the party will now set up Block Committees in all 60 constituencies.
However, the question is how such a building that can protect against the earthquake, collapses or collapses in the sky.
“Because of the increase in drug users, it has led to many crimes such as theft, murder, robbery and others,” said the SP. ) said that “some students after coming home from school would stand around, go out and smoke cigarettes, talk rudely like street children and this has put the society in darkness.
He said that many people go to buy medicines without consulting doctors and this can endanger their lives.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, the suspect was led by a Beat Officer of the Forest Department, who is in the area, to demand money from the family. They went straight to the house to demand money from the household, for carrying the wood from the forest to the house.
“Because the elections are still a year away and there will be many changes and the movement here and there is still intense.
This urgent maintenance of the road by the PWD department has been of great benefit to the residents who have been facing problems for years when traveling through the road in Upper Shillong.
He said that although he was turned away, in 2018 he supported Bah Kimfa and won with dignity.
They may not know how to cope with problems when they are young.
All these constituencies are in Uttar Pradesh.
Farmers from all over the villages of the district have brought various crops divided into their respective categories including jhur ki jhep, sah ki pai, flowers ki skud and others. other products rep.
They were arrested from a Scopio number AS-01-EJ-6407. Police recovered 20 grams of heroin from the vehicle. tola of gold, which was said to contain 10 tola of gold in one biscuit and which was said to be worth about T.65,000 per tola.
The Waheh Shnong of Moolamylliang, Apmon Pachiang, said that these lights will be inaugurated on the 18th of this month by James PK Sangma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
The route will start from Dreamland Dreamland, said a statement sent by the General Secretary of JCES Mawkhar, Kong Emika M. Syngai.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to 636, up by 100 from Sunday, when 525 people died.
There are 184 cases in East Khasi Hills, 135 cases in West Khasi Hills, 24 cases in Ribhoi District, 14 cases in West Garo Hills and 3 cases in West Garo Hills. one in South West Garo Hills, one in East and one in North Garo Hills.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 54853 out of which 49830 have recovered and 913 have died.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department has requested an additional Rs 66 crore for the completion of the long awaited Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS). ) Phase – 3.
According to the SLC member, he said the central government has allocated T.133.12 crore to the KHADC from the Special Assistance Scheme this year.
Shillong, November 17: The BJP has started its campaign in Umroi constituency where it has been able to form a Mandal in Umroi constituency together with its office bearers.
And he was able to get a woman as his wife and start a family.
The house was built by the Public Works Department (PWD) of the company.
The Government has also acknowledged that in 2022, about 4.5 lakh farmers have received assistance through FOCUS. She said that this scheme is a loan, which the farmers have to pay later, because the government implements this scheme by taking loans.
And the most important of these 45 days is 1335 days.
It was also found that the children who used to rob shops in the market places were often found to be orphans, children abandoned by their father and others.
The current payments for electricity received by DISCOMs have been in order.
School children should be encouraged to wear tupia or shatri when they come to school especially from 12 noon to 3 pm. school as well as after school.
The office is not responsible for applications submitted after the above date.
Other states like Nagaland, since its independence in 1970, have excluded other Scheduled Tribes living in the state, and cannot share the rights of the indigenous people.
The government has appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate the incident.
Synrem led the team to victory in the 52nd minute.
Some Bible examples, according to 1 Samuel 15:3, say: “Now go and strike Amalek.
Shillong-ST: Shri Sanjay Das,
The KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit has raised many questions to the government, including how long will the Indian government implement the ILP in Meghalaya? She also asked the MDA government where the implementation of the MRSSA, which has been passed into law since 2016, has gone.
There are thousands of dorbar shnongs,” he said.
He said he wants to see the State of Religion grow in faith and love for others.
Because as soon as the third temple can be built, the temple whose law is from Satan Lucifer, that means that the time of the greatest tribulation of the world will begin immediately. u at the time of the middle of that month or the last 7 years.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Pynshai Manik Syiem, Spokesperson of KHNAM, said that the meeting will be held on the 15th. and to send a letter to the two parties to attend the meeting to discuss the issue of forgiveness. community.
However, the White House has announced that due to the current situation of Covid-19, the US will no longer issue vaccines to those who enter the US after the 11th. .
I love your song and I believe that one day you will be healed of your illnessUN Sun khasi People's Legend.
JOWAI: The Seiñraij Jowai Crematorium on July 5 has planted a tree at Dulong Pohali, the site of the Eco-Friendly Crematorium.
He said that although in other states of the country, the birdflu has spread widely, while in Meghalaya the state government is still sleeping, without taking measures to prevent the entry of birdflu. disease in the state.
Minister of State and NPP Leader Rakkam A Sangma on the 11th of this month said that the opposition parties have failed to raise issues related to the welfare of the people. village of the state.
The selection of Mr. Sunday is based on his achievements in sports and he is also an example to other athletes in the State and District West Jaintia Hills.
District President Duruth Majaw delivered the welcome speech, said BJP Spokesperson LG Laloo.
The functioning of the body, the availability of hormones, the cleansing of waste and the maintenance of muscles and tissues.
Of course, we need knowledge or wealth while we are alive in this world, but we should not throw away our dignity because it is more precious than wealth. than riches and knowledge.
Because when we talk about the state, it should have its own exact border, not like Meghalaya today which is full of problems in its borders, because many parts of Meghalaya have been destroyed. They were born in Assam.
"The allocation of only a few days for the work of members of the Legislative Assembly and the time limit, which is only 10 minutes, is unacceptable," he said.
The road leading to the church is very crowded and fire trucks have had difficulty reaching the scene.
We need to think again and one of the issues in the 2023 elections should be – What will you do to improve literacy in the state? This is the question that we the electorate should put before all political parties and candidates.
This means that instead of the contractor giving an estimate of 100 tyngka for the work, he will give a price of 150 tyngka, because he has to pay the share of the leaders and perhaps the officers.
Therefore, Pakistan's economy departments have said that Pakistan has to fight to escape from the crisis it is facing at this time by creating opportunities. new how to revive first of all the income of the country which has lost and declined in the past years.
Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit, who had joined the UDP earlier, has returned to KHNAM.
Today, West Khasi Hills DCA will face Shillong DCA from Group B of Zone 1 while South Garo Hills DCA will face Tura DCA from Zone
The problems that Mawpon village is still facing are related to the post of Sordar or Rangbah Shnong.
However, the order of the Lokayukta was challenged in the Meghalaya High Court through Writ Petition No. 293 of
According to sources, Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the BJP, is on the side of the current Mandal which is on the side of Bantei Rumnong while another group of leaders is on the other side. The fourth meeting was led by Dr. PW Khongjee.
The Third Division of the EJHDFA has reached the end of the first round with six games left.
When asked why she didn't act in Johkhe.com, a film directed by Kiki Garod's husband, she said that the producers of the film want to act only from Jaintia Hills.
He said that the new policy will also encourage companies to come to the state so that they can implement electricity generation projects in the state.
They did this as an insult to the Warkaris in the presence of Dnyaneshwar Maharaj, one of the religious leaders who took part in the opening ceremony of the Warkaris. .
The counterfeit money was smuggled by two Indian nationals, Biswajit Paul and Marmush Marak.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Wahiajer Stadium, Wahiaj. Hills District.
Shillong: There are many reasons for the traffic jam in Shillong and one of them is because there are many car buyers especially in Shillong because it is easy to get loans from banks.
He alleged that this government has looted the wealth and money of the people in the past 40 years and therefore it has no right to rule in the state.
Other members of the committee are Markos Surong, Advocate, Kerlang Ksoo, Advocate and Pyrkhat Shylla, Waheh Shnong Mookyrdup.
In a report, the President of the Seng, Kong Helenti Jana, said that the members of the Seng Longkmie of the village do not count the night from the day but they go out to stop any incident when they go outside. the village.
“Foreigners who come to work within the border of Meghalaya should have a labor license and villagers should have an EPIC to verify,” said the CORP leaders led by the Secretary Eastern Zone. Umiam Circle President Korbius Lyngdoh, CSWO General Secretary Christabell Wanniang and other members.
Ticket prices will start from T.1000 for Donor Cards, T.500 and T.200 for students.
Among the leaders who participated in the Election Interaction Program were Girish Chodankar (AICC In-charge Manipur), K.Meghachandra (MLA and President, MPCC), O.Ibobi Singh (MLA & Ex-Chief). Minister and CLP Leader, Manipur), K.Ranjit Singh (MLA and Dy.CLP Leader), Th.
Shillong: The Education Department has released the textbooks for the year 2020-21 for the lower primary, upper primary, secondary and higher secondary levels.
This year, the hope has come again that some of the people who have held the rank of Pastor have come forward to serve the people besides the service of the churches.
He was taken to Khulna Hospital but doctors sent him to Dhaka for treatment.
The theme of the march was “Khasi MLAs, let us all unite to preserve the heritage of our Hynniewtrep people.
The current situation has changed dramatically in our state and in the country as a whole.
For this reason, the Legal Meteorology Department has sent a letter to the Central Government to take away the vehicle as it is not suitable for use in this area.
A poster drawing competition was also held on the theme, “Sarong la ka shyntur”.
“Therefore, there is no confusion on this and it is clear that MUDA should stop its attempt to knieh its hand outside the Municipal,” said Bah Syiem.
Police have alleged that Jerome Momin sold three heavy weapons to Sohan D Shira for T.17 lakh tyngka. 2014 at Williamnagar PS. Police have arrested Horishor T Sangma, Doron N Marak and Newsrang M Marak.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Chairman of NEEPCO, PC Pankaj, today confirmed that the Mawphu Power Project is on the verge of completion of the Detailed Project Report (DPR) and the work will start soon.
In the midst of these defeats, coach Alison did not admit that it was the lack of players but blamed it on the mistake.
The classroom was built under the SRWP scheme at a cost of Rs 2 lakh with the assistance of the Parish. The classroom was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest. Fr Michael Khongngain, Parish Priest of Umden Parish, Sr.
The nine demands are the dismissal of the illegally appointed Technical Officer/Senior Consultant, the immediate appointment of the Satutory Officer and the University Engineer, the improvement of the University Health Centre, the release of the teachers and technical staff from other fields appointed by the government, to upload the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinance on the Website of NEHU, to hold the right Convocation every year, the manner to include NEHUSU members as leaders in the Academic Council and to review the Educational Backward Area Quota from Block Level to Village Level.
He said that the awarding ceremony is based on the ranks of the players.
“We are deeply saddened by the loss of precious lives, which has devastated Manipur.
Media reports said that in the presidential election, there will be some Congress MLAs and its ruling colleagues who will not support the party's candidate Meira Kumar. They supported the NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind.
There was a stir in the Hima, Raid and in the villages, the rule of law could no longer go smoothly because there was a struggle for political gain.
Rabon Nongtdu Chairperson Women's Association, Dinidairoiki Patlong, Secretary Women's Association and members of Sutnga Women's Association, Committeemen and Members.
However, at present only those who have registered earlier will benefit from the MHIS scheme. He said that this appeal has been a loss to the people of the state because the new ones will not be able to benefit from the MHIS scheme. enter a new name.
Rev. Dr. John Roberts was born in Corris, Wales in 1842, a year after the arrival of Thomas Jones I in Khasiland.
They said that they want the government to revive the factory as the tourism industry has not yet been able to bring benefits like the factory.
Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai on Friday donated T.10,000 along with tins of soap to the fire victims in Ladmukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
One of the IASs who has been transferred is the DC of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej and he will be replaced by Bah G. Kharmawphlang, DC of South West Garo Hills. District.
Try to release water in the farmland and cover the crops with plastic bags.
Therefore, the union appeals to other villages that if they find any kilo cut please come forward and lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
It has been a place of crime, smuggling, drugs, a den of robbers and has put the livelihood of women and children at great risk.
NEROCA lost to East Bengal but drew 1-1 with Gokulam Kerala FC. , Biaklian Paite, Aryn Williams, Ronald Singh, Sebastian Thangmuansang, Jerry Onesemas, Felix Chidi.
The Word of God tells us that before God created all things, He first showed them by writing, "In the beginning" (Genesis 1:1).
He said that the Arts and Culture Department of the State Government is trying to provide various assistance to the villages, Raids and Himas for the preservation of the customs and traditions. The nation needs to have its own customs and traditions which are the protection of the nation.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29 : In expressing its full support to Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit and others who have taken part in the struggle for the implementation of the Job Reservation Policy in Meghalaya, the Union of Village Youth Organisations, Ri The Bhoi decided to hold a peace rally and a public meeting in Nongpoh, with the aim of giving their full support to the need to change the Job Reservation Policy in the state.
This is for the post of Assistant Conservator of Forest (ACF).
From the beginning to the end he read the sermon of Rev.T.Rodborne without changing the slightest, until the people laughed because the service was not a Synod but he said, 'In this service Synod'.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Jowai Circle on Friday formed its primary unit at Ialong village under the leadership of former JHADC MDC Marki Mulieh.
On the part of the parents of Bah Kyrpadlang Syntenghen, Bah Bantei Mukhim, Rangbah Shnong of Puriang and the meeting was conducted by Rev.HH Mohrmen.
Wahlang, a lecturer in Sociology, has been appointed by the UGC and has just started at the college, but has been expelled without any clear reason.
The Minister said that the soldiers who have retired under the age of 35 years should continue their good deeds for the community.
He should have announced the grant from the central government as requested by the Prime Minister for Rs 300 crore but he came to blame the state government”.
Shillong: The Opposition MLA from the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that there has been a violation of the Land Regulation Act, The government has violated the law prohibiting foreigners from buying land in the state.
After the voters found out, they lodged a complaint with the Polling Officer, and when it was found out that it was true, the polling was suspended at this polling station.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Arunkumar Kembhavi IAS, said, “The office has also selected some of the villages in the district which are facing water shortage so that it can use the water supply. such things are especially true in the time of tyrkhong um.
Informing that Prime Minister Narendra Modi has paid close attention to the region, Dr Vardhan said the central government will discuss issues related to the development of the region at every opportunity. meeting of the Cabinet.
Shillong, March 8: Police today arrested a youth identified as Alanlas Khylliat in connection with the arson of a BSNL station at Mawlai Mawiong.
“The time now is for us to fight hard to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constitution,” he said.
The Rongbiria for Men was won by the Seng Khasi Mawmuathoh Lum Shillong Lum Rapleng Pyllun and the second runner-up was the Seng Wahsohlait Tyrsad Pyllun. Head of Seng Khasi Seiñ Raij, Chairman Solinda Rymbai, Nguh Blai and Head Damehipaia Ryngkhlem, Welcome Speech by Head Rana Rymbai, Speeches on the topic “Childhood” by Head Daka Suna and another speech on the topic “Religion and Faith” by Rev. Endalin Thabah and a welcome speech by Rev. Phalang Rymbai.
The FKJGP leader said that the fighting between these injured, sick and dead cows and the healthy cows has affected the healthy cows to be sent to the state for meat. He said that next month the union will meet with the government to take action to examine them before cutting them.
It is now the second largest field of activity in the world.
“We first need to get written statements from political parties, civil society members, NGOs, and we will look into those questions or suggestions of all of them, then we will The experts will understand what needs to be looked into on those questions or suggestions that come from the writings of the citizens to our government.
The obvious outcome should be to divide and separate the ethnic groups from the Indian subcontinent by the Central Government, so that the defense forces in the region will remain strong and stable and the people around the region will be the leaders of the government. India.
However, what we see these days especially is the suffering and deaths of civilians in the gunfire of Assam.
V Dipali Sharma Rao, Principal, Laban Assamese Girls’ HS School, Laban, for the Secondary Section Smti.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has a strong intention to build an entry point to the state at Umling Ribhoi District. to check the entry of people from other states into Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS) today said that in order to alleviate the problems of the people living in the containment areas, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has reduced the number of containment areas. area and instead of this it has been declared a Micro Containment Area.
The order was issued by the court after it was found that the man attempted to kill and injure his wife in Khliehriat East, East Jaintia.
Makdoh, 2
The championship will be held from 13th to 17th July 2022 at Lama Villa Community/Sports Hall, Shillong.
In connection with this video, there have been allegations of corruption against Singh,” said a statement sent by the DGP. Two years ago, but in view of the need to take action on the incident, the police station has conducted an investigation into the incident on the orders of the Commissioner Varanasi, who has now appointed the officer and demand a report within three days,” she said.
There are five foreign residents of the state who are voters in the state.
Meanwhile, Touchline Basketball Academy beat Veteran Combine by 92-85 points.
Not only that, the BJP will start campaigning first from the South Tura constituency which is the home and place of Conrad Sangma.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, said in a statement, “All vehicles coming from Lad College will not be allowed to enter Iawmusiang.
Bindo, who is preparing to contest from Nongkrem Constituency, said that the Election Department has not yet responded to the complaints against Dasakhiat Lamare.
“This statement refers to the current political situation in Meghalaya.
He said that as the people have elected him, he will work harder and harder to complete the pending tasks and to bring about development in the constituency.
Other sources said that during the meeting with the President yesterday, it was understood that Modi, accompanied only Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio and did not accompany PA Sangma at all. departure.
“We have prepared a complete report on corruption and there is no need to prepare it anymore and the BJP Meghalaya has promised to take action to deliver the letter and talk to the government ministers. said Bah Donbok.
The KSU has taken this step to issue work permits since the Workmen Act came into force.
This has also become one of the worst incidents of gold mining that the country has ever experienced.
It is a good area for soh niamtra, kait, now it is dying tram.
Speaking to media, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the purpose of the inspection was to see the shortcomings in these public health centers and especially in terms of and ways to prevent COVID-1
For more information please contact the office or phone – 7085084819/9
Sandra said that the abuse and violence against children seems to be increasing with the passing of the days.
“This order to shopkeepers and shopkeepers to clean up their shops is based on the order of the National Green Tribunal (NGT) and it is on this basis that the Hima has to take action. I also urge the shopkeepers to obey because the market is their own,” said Minister War Tynghah.
Weekday 5.
These stones were also erected at this place so that the descendants would know about the stones when the time came to hold the pomblang ïew.
The make-up artist was Genevieve Nongrum and the costumes were designed by Lahun and Kupsha.
“The Iooksi PHC has been established by the government since 2002 and has provided services not only to Iooksi but to 12 villages as well as neighboring villages on the border of Assam and includes about thousand residents,” said Landarson Sutnga.
Bah Warlarpih said that perhaps the inability of shops to carry syrnod may be due to the lack of market and many do not know how to do so. That before the disease, many of the farmers didn't take the syrnod seriously but when the disease came, they started taking the syrnod.
The Ministry itself has proceeded to appoint national level master trainers last month and has also trained about 8 district magistrates and additional trainers to explain how to conduct elections smoothly. .
The ceasefire should be a complete halt to fighting in all parts of Gaza and allow aid to reach civilians across Gaza.
The Deputy Commissioner, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, has directed the members of the union to bring the dead fish for testing to find out the cause of death. fish.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 28: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) today held a meeting with the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP. A public meeting to clarify the issues before the MP election at Umdohlun Market, South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that the people now don't want only a leader to go to the Legislative Assembly, but they want him to advocate, speak and raise the issues of the people.
She said that 30 students of the school have been selected to train in the shlem and Rosina Ch Momin, an Indian athlete and former student of the school, has been selected to train in the event. She has been appointed as a coach at the centre.
Odd Numbers 1, 3, 5, 7 and 9, and the above prayers were given to U Lei Kyllangbarobor to provide for the economy, travel, food and fishing in the entire Nangbah District.
Khiemusniang FC beat Youngstar 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament at the New Nongstoin Stadium.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: U Martin M Dangngo, the announced candidate of the National People's Party (NPP), on Tuesday joined the BJP to contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June. His supporters have decided to leave the NPP and join the BJP on 30 July
New Delhi, November 31: The price of petrol has been increased by T.2.43 per liter and diesel by T.3.60 per litre.
The Assam Rifles is a multi-purpose force with two battalions in Jammu & Kashmir and one NDRF battalion to provide disaster relief.
He said that under the leadership of the MDA government in the state, many problems and sufferings have been faced by the people including the decline in income and during the Covid 19 pandemic, the people have faced many problems while the ministers. The MDA government has not yet received the purchase of land in Ribhoi for Rs 7-8 crore.
Therefore, the rule, the law to rule, comes from God.
In the implementation of one of the largest food security initiatives, the Targeted Public Distribution System under the National Food Security Act has served 81.35 crore people by providing food items to the people of urban and rural areas.
Shillong: The Social Welfare Department has spent T.71,27,84,500 crore for the payment of pension to 53573 elderly and 30284 widows. who has died.
On the allegation against the Prime Minister, the BJYM said that Bah Ronnie should understand that it is only during this tenure that people can complain to his office if they have any problems. He doesn't have any theft or secrecy because the goal of the BJP is to be on the sidelines and to help the poor in the country.
The hearing for the witnesses from Meghalaya was held at Assam House.
In the March Pass, Pyrda Secondary School won the first prize, Umthlong Nongthliew Government Secondary School won the second prize and Seng Khasi Secondary School won the third prize.
Of course, not 100% of those who live immorally get AIDS as well as those who smoke/smoke cancer.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday appealed to all those who have just returned to the state, to follow the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. the ing.
This has helped the village leaders to use the IEC to motivate the village to work for the ODF Plus goals and achieve this.
When Meghalaya tied the ball again, they lost Ram Gurung who didn't score and finished the game 0/1
This shows that the Government of India does not care about the minorities in this State and the North East as a whole.
The welcome speech was delivered by Mandakini Nongtdu, Coordinator FARM, while the welcome speech was delivered by Angeline Lamare, Counselor Childline Jowai.
Below you will see some of the benefits that we can get from Phan.
“We will see tomorrow if we don't feel like it we can withdraw,” said Bah Pynshngain.
The cost of this salary is not less than T.8 crore.
Ardent Basaiawmoit said the Meghalaya government should explain to the people of Meghalaya on the government's decision on the CAA
Lahrolua and Lawrence.
He said that as the Working President together with the members of the MSOA, they have been looking into the Sports Policy, to hold the third Meghalaya Games in 16 years and the fourth in 2022 and especially soon the 2nd. North East Games in 2022.
HANM has donated 3 tins of shopping, rice bags, household items from kitchen utensils, clothes to the family.
The Apostle Peter wrote at 2 Pet 2:1
In his opening remarks, the Chief Guest congratulated the Rangbah Shnong for their efforts to revive what our ancestors had done. He said that the theater is part of the efforts to protect and prevent these evil deeds as the elders of this village have informed and said that the theater is part of the He said that as an MLA, he will continue to lend his right hand and left hand for the good of the people. The Shnong shall create in the community as much as possible for the benefit of the people.
The club, which has been fighting for the trophy since chief executive Joan Laporta took steps to restructure the club's entire debt and They have also revamped the squad by signing players like Robert Lewandowski, Jules Kounde and Raphinha.
After this, we see that the MDA government has decided and allowed the liquor vendors to distribute liquor to every household to make it easier for the liquor drinkers.
Dajiedlang Wanshnong scored a hat-trick (23, 32, 53 min) while Wadajied Kynsai Ryngkhlem scored two goals (90+3, 90+4 min) and Oresterwell Langshiang (90+5 min) scored 10 goals for Meghalaya while hosts Meghalaya scored 3 goals in the second half.
“The celebration of the Jubilee is to accept the Nazareth Manifesto, to enrich the spirituality of the members of the Church, to spread the redemption of Christ, to renew the spiritual life and to overcome disobedience” , said Pastor Gympad.
"The Government should not dress up the indigenous people in the state and should not ignore the uniqueness of the indigenous people in the state"
He said that many of the people living in Ronghona are not Khasi and for that reason the people living in Ronghona village accept and do not understand because they are not Khasi and it is It is also something that cannot be ignored that the non-Khasi people have not taken the decision to accept the arrival of the railway to the Bri U Hynniewtrep.
However, on the morning of July 7, someone stopped the vehicle in Umsning and in fear, the driver went straight to the police station in Umsning and informed the police about the incident. The vehicle was taken by the police to Shillong, where they arrived safely.
Ronnie said the CLP has sent a letter to the Lamphang requesting that there should be no Leader of the Liang Pyrshah in the Legislative Assembly.
"I don't feel hungry yet, I've just finished drinking..." Hep said again. "Yes, I don't know. I know that when you eat because I'm poor, you'll be fine. Lydia said, “Don't say that, we are the same.
Initially, Donbok said that Charles, who had information, had blocked the HYC members from entering and informed the police and the village authorities.
Dulong scored the first goal of the match through Tirous Kyndait (90).
“How does this happen? Narendra Modi has done this,” he said.
And it came to pass, as he sat at meat with them, he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them. Then he broke the bread and gave it to them..." And their eyes were opened, and they knew that it was Jesus who had risen from the dead, and immediately Jesus disappeared from their sight.
When inquired by this reporter, it was found that the reason why the management of the school has to continue to use the old school building for the purpose of running the school is because it has not been completed. the construction of the new school building to this day.
There were also elderly people, young people and women.
The Mission has been implemented since April 2019 through the collaboration between the Government of India and the State Governments.
The reason for this is after the protests against the coronavirus injection, have intensified in these days, in the country and yesterday, these protesters, arrived and surrounded Parliament. hill, according to the report.
After the incident, there was a clash between the two teams, and it was seen that nine yellow cards were given to Rangdajied and three to Mawai. Mawlai was awarded a penalty in the 86th minute. Brolington took the penalty kick but Kerichard managed to save it.
The distance from Pariong to Lyngkhoi is 22 km.
Nongpoh: Employees of Bah Jason Mawlong, MLA and Macdalyne Mawlong, MDC, Umsning Constituency, today distributed food items to the quarantined families in Sohlaitrim, Erpakon and Nongrim Jyrmie. , which are the villages under Umsning Constituency.
He congratulated the Minister of PWD (R), Bah Prestone Tynsong for taking care of the land owners who have donated land for the construction of the road.
The Supreme Court has decided to allocate 27% reservation to OBCs so that the total reservation will not exceed 50%.
In this meeting, the members of the North East Petroleum Mazdor Union demanded that the Government of Meghalaya should release those who have been arrested by the Meghalaya Police, who are members of the Union without any They have been involved in the petrol-related crime.
Shillong, March 3: A newborn baby was found in a toilet outside the office of the Atomic Minerals Directorate (ATO) at Umkdait, Nongmensong PS. The child was rushed to Ganesh Das Hospital, Shillong for further examination.
The state is rich because you can see large houses with many floors.
The meeting also decided that the KHADC will visit these areas on the border with Assam and to inspect the situation of the people in those areas. that it should set up Police Out Posts especially in those areas where there is a lot of violence.
About 2.7 lakh farmers have participated in the FOCUS and FOCUS + programs and about 50,000 farmers or producers have been involved in the Mission Mode Project to strengthen the cultivation of rice, sugarcane, pigs, Chicken, Dog and so on.
More than 30 leaders of the State participated in the prayer – including the Chief Minister, Deputy CM, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Leader of the Opposition, Chief Advisor to the Government, Ministers and MLAs. This is the first time that such a prayer has been held with the leaders of the State that the SKJCLF has organized, to pray for the guidance of God to the leaders in the Government, Churches and society to offer their services for the growth and development of our people and State.
“When the Circle suggests the name of someone, it goes to the District and from the District to the State Election Committee will consider and decide,” he said.
Dignitaries who attended the function included Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee, Herroi Nongrum, Secretary Nongpoh Youth Association, Samla Ronald Ranee, office bearers of Sparcles BC and many others.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to invite students who wish to learn more about the customs and traditions of the Khasi people to write articles. for the benefit of future generations.
Khliehriat, Nov 12: The Commissioner and Secretary, Community and Rural Department, Shillong, on Saturday visited Tuber Kmaishnong village, East Jaintia Hills District. , he praised the beauty of the village and promised to help in the development of the village.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today left for Sardar Police Station to accompany the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC).
The 21 Km runners were 290 between 18 to 30 years old, 199 between 30 to 40 years old, 123 between 40 to 50 years old and 135 over 40 years old. 50 years.
Later, the Chief Minister invited the traditional priests, Hindu and Muslim priests.
Before the MLA elections, the UDP and HSPDP had formed the Regional Party Alliance (RDA).
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : The National People's Party (NPP) has set a priority target to develop and bring income to the farmers in its Manifesto. To strengthen the farmers is to strengthen the implementation of the FOCUS, FOCUS+, Mission Mode projects and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Marbaniang said that the Khasi community has already said that the Khasi people should follow the customs and traditions. The program related to customs and traditions is no longer available and if the Rangbah Shnongs, Syiems, Sordars follow the path of customs and traditions, the Government will not allow it.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)-Meghalaya has made it clear that the party is satisfied with the implementation of the Roster System in the state.
Meanwhile, SP Traffic East Khasi Hills K Prasad said that in 2023 in Shillong alone, there have been about 46 road accidents and out of these, up to 40 have claimed lives.
Through the Spirit of God the Apostle wrote these things in the years 64 – 66 AD, when he was imprisoned for the name of Jesus Christ, and he knew that the difficult times had begun.
