Shillong, Lber 30: The Under Secretary of the Ministry of Social Welfare, M. Chyne has summoned Tennydard M. Marak and his team to appear before the Ministry of Social Welfare on Tuesday. month at 2 pm at the Committee Room No.II, Room No.317, Main Secretariat for clarification on PIL No.SH5/2013 and Special Leave Application No.501 and also on the Writ Petition (C) No.
The rally started from Lumsoh Khlur and ended at Pyndeng Station in Mairang. Members of HNYF Mairang Sub-Division Circle, KSU Mairang Circle, FKJGP West Khasi Hills, school children and residents of the HNYF region.
Shillong: One person has died and another seriously injured in a collision between a scooty and a truck at Pongtung, Pynursla.
After the meeting, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun handed over dustbins to all the village leaders who attended the meeting, so that they can use them in the villages and especially to bring the clean morning.
Interestingly, the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium will be converted into a State of Art Stadium and flood lights will be installed on the ground.
Therefore, the Group can allege that it is the government's negligence or blindness without turning its attention to the development of Mawsynram and its surrounding border areas.
“The government's position is clear that we are against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
The HNLC said that if the Government does not believe, the nation will have to fall from the yoke of India, as happened during the mynder protests in 1979, 1987 or
Two Editors of Meghalaya Time, Deepak Singh Jt.
Drug abuse among Khasi youth has increased steadily in the last 15 years. First it started from Shillong in villages where there were no drug users, but now it has spread to other districts and abroad. village.
The Minister said that the Government has introduced other ways to collect revenue.
Hydration : During the rainy season you need to drink plenty of fluids to maintain hydration.
On the allegation that the Syiem of Mawsynram Hima, Paiem Amos Malangiang, has handed over the land to the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, Bah Rapsang said that the Syiem has denied that there was such a meeting. and the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram after the meeting with the members of the Dorbar Shnong.
State President Sgt Dinesh Mahanta, Chief Coordinator Capt Lohit Chandra Bhuyan, State General Secretary Sub Maj PK Gogoi and Assistant Secretary Sub Maj KK Borah of the AAFVA also took part in the rally.
In a statement sent by the Committee's spokesperson, Ryan Ch Marak, he strongly condemned the Assam police for coming to the Meghalaya border without permission to shoot dead the illegal residents.
Nongpoh, June 06: Up to 578 Sub Inspectors of Police from Assam today were honored by the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswas Sharma, after completing their training. The 50th Batch of Basic Course is the training that those who have to undergo the responsibility of becoming Sub Inspectors of Police in Assam.
I also need a part time job.
The President of CSWO said that at first the Secretary of the village refused to sign at first and spoke harshly in front of the Magistrate. stating that he would not be responsible if anything happened to Ms. Yoris.
Appoint government officials to look into this matter and to find out where those who have fled Manipur are living in Shillong or other parts of the state.
North east is not mainland india.
The meeting was conducted by Pa'iem Laborious Manik S Syiem who is also the Adviser and Convener of the meeting.
If we read from the Word of God, it also says, 'Choose you wise men, understanding, and known among your tribes, and I will make them rulers over you.
Kalvin Suting, Moosakhia Village and Nicholas Khonglah, Lai Lyngdoh were awarded Momentus to the two disabled persons.
ASEB is domestic and high tension is far away from the house.
“We have legally purchased about 8 acres of land in Umsning to set up the WCU campus at a cost of T.5 crore,” said Prof Gnanakan.
After the arrest, he said that the GNLA seal and documents were hidden in the house of Pinku Palley Ch Marak, resident of Sunny Hills, Tura.
From this we understand that the children of Israel were still in Egypt and had not crossed the border of Egypt on their journey to freedom and thus it was still easy for Pharaoh and his army. he shall take them captive again.
The lucky draw tickets were released today at a short meeting held at the hall of Ladthadlaboh Secondary School.
John 1:2.
He alleged that all these things happened due to the lack of attention of the leaders like MLA and MDC who cannot work for the people.
The Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS) ranks highly in quality and has a lot of experience in that regard.
The Astronomy Laboratory was inaugurated by the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla.
The total number of players reached 229 including men and women and in this tournament, there were about 307 matches.
He also criticized the EC at that time for alleging that the VAB was still being passed in the dorbar while at Polo Ground in the dorbar bah of Hynniewtrep he received information through SMS that the VAB has been passed in the KHADC. HSPDP MDCs have come to support Bah Pynshngaiñ by saying that they have come to support the principles and issues of the PDF which shows that the HSPDP and Bah Pynshngaiñ have become one in KHADC but the question arises. Now the question is whether the CPC and the CFC have become one.
However, her decision was met with difficulties at home, where her mother, son and others forbade her to become a Christian and for this reason, she suffered many hardships.
The NEC meeting will be held at the State Convention Center Auditorium while the public meeting will be held at Polo Ground, Shillong.
This shows the lack of skill and understanding of these governments to resolve the border issue because they have forgotten and disrespected the two governments. This shows clearly that these two governments cannot resolve the border issue without affecting the people.
Why did this happen? The jealousy, jealousy of other Khasi brothers and sisters is the root cause of the lack of unity.
It wasn't until the 79th minute that Rangdajied United scored the second goal through Ksankupar Khongmalai to win the match 2-1
On the other hand, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills has imposed a charge under Section 144 Cr.
Dohtdong said the union's protest was on the grounds that according to the Waste Management Act, the garbage dump should be at a distance of 800 meters from the residential area. The distance from Nonghali to Lumsohlait is about 300 to 200 meters.
Shillong, June 25: The VPP is ready to launch the second phase of the protest against the Reservation Policy and Roster System.
Dr. Don also has six children from Kong Rose Melyn Synrem, who taught at Synod College and who is also from the same area, from Mustoh.
“In the last Budget Session, the Prime Minister expressed his intention to increase the revenue of the state to 10,000 billion dollars. “Electricity alone is not enough,” he said.
Hamewanpynhun Ryngkhlem, Publicity Secretary MSCSO said the purpose of the football tournament is to encourage and develop the talents of the youth of the area.
In both the villages, the leaders of both the villages, Bah Marbelstar Warjri in Pyndeng Nongbri and Bah Korman Warjri in Manai, followed by a public song on the Seng Kur Warjri led by Bah Sunshine Warjri, Chairman of the Seng Kur Warjri. already.
The collision occurred at the diversion of the National Highway-6 opposite the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District at Nongpoh at about 3 pm.
However, in these years the present government has forgotten about Mawsynram and invested only in Sohra and other places,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The meeting was held at one of the Hindu places of worship in the area and the meeting was covered with loud speakers. in Assamese, and according to the understanding of the Khasi residents of Langpih area, the Nepalis at the meeting also vowed that if the Khasi community thwarts this plan, they will not hesitate to do so. anything anything.
“On my part, I have come to explain to the Union Minister that Meghalaya itself does not need Panchayati Raj, because they have the seventh grade and the Autonomous District Councils. They are the Autonomous Bodies which fall under the seventh category and for this reason our state does not need Panchayati Raj in this traditional manner which includes the village chiefs”.
On the other hand , the KSU Delhi has expressed its satisfaction that such a program has been organized so that those who have not yet visited the North East can see the culture and traditional dances of the states this area.
The jurisdiction of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco includes Shillong, Jowai, Barrack Valley, Assam, Tripura and Mizoram.
He added, “if anyone continues to commit crimes, how can we talk.
He is a young man from Lummaw, Shillong.
In these 27,797 days, more than 76 years after independence, the BPP has finally achieved its goal.
However, when they arrived at the dorbar, it was seen that the UDP MDCs did not say anything on this issue except for the MDC of the party from Nongkrem constituency, Bah HS Shylla who brought the power struggle. Congress MDC and Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
The government will not be emotional.
“The law of the law doesn't allow you to leave...” added the mother while Rida was reading the letter.
" Revelation 2:2
Shillong, November : The Executive Committee of the Kur Jyrwa Nongsiej on 23rd November 2022, has decided to hold an award ceremony for the students of the Kur Jyrwa Nongsiej who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC (Arts, Science and Commerce). ), which reached the Top 20 for 2019, 2020, 2021 and
She has been threatened with death by Muslim extremists for writing against the discrimination against Muslim women in Bangladesh and is now fleeing the world because Muslim extremists want to kill her.
The team was led by Head Coach Sam Lyngdoh and Assistant Coach Kisan Bareh.
On the other hand, he congratulated the KSU for supporting the youth to sit for the IAS examination. get more of your own officers," he said.
Many reason that she has given birth to a woman, some reason that she cannot work with other races, and so on.
Ranveer Singh has been appointed as the new spokesperson of Pepsi after Pepsi officials announced his name as its spokesperson on Monday.
He said that there have been such incidents in the past few months but the police have not taken any measures to punish them. to take this step," he said.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided to ban all playgrounds.
This is something that all the residents have seen but it has been strongly confirmed by the Dy.Chief Minister, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
He congratulated the BJP Shella Mandal and Bah Jrop Singh Nongkhlaw who has established the BJP in Shella.
However, they cannot say that they have been able to work themselves and they don't allow foreigners to work in this state. There is no trading license for 10 years but except for foreigners who have stayed for only a few years they have to check carefully before issuing a trading license.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nehimaia said that Mukroh village does not fall under the border dispute list as approved by the Assam government but it still falls within the border of Meghalaya.
“I came to inspect this site after receiving information from the village leaders of Khanduli about the visit of the Assam authorities to survey the land to build a university on our site,” said Sniawbhalang. the place in Khanduli on the day of Ar.
Expressing his condolences to the loss of four lives, Himanta Biswa Sharma said that what is clear in connection with this incident is the shooting without permission. from the authorities of the Assam Police.
Through Instagram, HR praised Priyanka and said that what she has done for the film has been really beautiful.
Nujorki Sungoh urged that when electing leaders, a person who is fluent in the language should be elected to convey to the CM the issues and needs of the people.
Dr. R. Shangpliang, leader of the group, said that their visit to the MLA's house in Mawlai was to meet him and discuss with him why he did not mention the Reservation Policy.
Of these 421 cases, 64 are females and 357 are males.
The outbreak of covid-19 has infected 19,000 people in India so far and the death toll has risen to
At the end of the article, he wrote, “There is no doubt about the days of the beast's reign these days. Anyone who receives a chip or UID number has worshiped the beast. ready for the wrath of God" readers are instructed to look at Revelation 14:9-1
“We have informed the Dorbar Shnong before issuing the trading license to the shops of the Dkhars in Laban area,” said Bah Kharkongor.
" How are you doing?
It cannot be denied that the inhabitants of Jerusalem and Palestine are in the midst of suffering and persecution by the rulers, the Khadars and their fellow human beings in many ways.
In the first half, Ïewpomtiah scored the first goal and in the second half, Ïewpomtiah scored the first goal of the match. to shake the jar again.
Nongstoin, March 9: The death of (L) Jenustarwell Shangrit, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Nongpyndeng Unit, has passed away. The doctors who conducted the post mortem have not yet been able to issue a report on the cause of death of the youth.
Here, the point is that we should not therefore insult or criticize the religion of others, when we live in a democratic country, because almost all religions teach only what is good or what we It says in Khasi to live to know man and know God or to earn righteousness.
In the inquiry of this reporter, it was found that the weakness of the state government is due to the inability to fully implement these three most important areas which can develop the state in all aspects. .
He said that dozens of villages in these areas on the border of Meghalaya and Assam have been neglected by the Meghalaya government, even though they still fall within the border of Meghalaya. Assam has taken advantage of the development works in the state or even in the roads that will connect and facilitate the movement of the people to the state. This is the commitment of the Government of Meghalaya and also to implement many development projects in the border villages.
The student was taken to Nazareth Hospital Shillong for treatment.
He said that the government has brought many assistance to the youth through various loans and also from banks along with low subsidy. I hope that she will be able to continue to run this business and provide the best service to the people.
Bantei Iakai scored the first goal, Sanki Law (35') and Defender Sutnga (41') scored the second goal.
Ms Passah praised the promptness of the Seng and the doctors to come and provide assistance to the residents of Moodymmai.
The residents of Nongjrong Village have tried to set up homestays but one of the problems they are facing is the lack of drinking water for the tourists because only the water they get from the JJM scheme will be enough. cannot be filled.
Conrad said there is no division within the NPP and the departure of the two members may be because they no longer want to join the party.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Former UDP MLA Riang Lenon Tariang has resigned from the UDP and his resignation letter has been sent to the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) today.
He said that in 2007, the UDP tried to do politics when the government took the decision to implement electricity projects in the state.
“Don't forget the lessons you learn here and try to use them to improve your skills," she added.
He said that without knowing the truth, it is not good to complain.
You are a makeup artist, you are a priest.
Shillong: The residents of Mawshun, Pynursla, are in shock, during these days of heavy rainfall and storm, because there is an electrical wire, which is standing near the highway, which has been damaged. sit syndrome.
Grahan Lyngdoh, owner of Graham's Academy, Tuber Kmaishnong, East Jaintia Hills District, expressed his satisfaction with the achievement of Knerlang Phawa. I would like to thank not only the Academy, but the district as a whole.
They said that while the exact border with Assam has not been fixed, the people are not sure whether they will be included in Meghalaya or will be relocated to Assam. , it would be more comfortable for the residents no matter what.
About five houses, including seven houses, collapsed and one house was buried under the rubble after an earthquake struck Krishnanagar village in Shimla.
The agricultural cargo area has been set aside in the square to avoid crowds and to comply with the COVID-19 rules.
The first wicketkeeper of the team, the Champion, tied more than 102 off 329 balls in 103.5 overs.
He accused Ardent of being absent when there was a demand for the Reservation Policy in the past 20 years because he was the leader of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP).
The lack of peace and order in Manipur has affected all activities including educational institutions from colleges, universities and educational institutions run by the Central Government.
Three persons were arrested and a case was registered against them under the NDPS Act.
The final match of the day was between Kdohhati FC and Mawlansai FC in a spectacular match and Kdohhati FC beat Mawlasnai FC 1-0 to win the title of the tournament.
U Sohpet-bneng witnesses that man is a creature who came to be a human being by the right of God. He was able to wear Tipbriew-Tip-Blei. .
Therefore, once we have decided and chosen, it is no longer useful to change our covenant.
The report of the Seng was presented by Rgh Chanki Nongrum General Secretary of the Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi and the traditional dances “La Ritti” from various departments of the Seiñ Raij.
They said that they are confident that the BJP will eradicate corruption in the state and added that they know that only the BJP will allow them to fight against corruption.
“The FKJGP and other organizations will not allow the mining of uranium in Meghalaya.
A true leader does not use force but listens to the opinions of others and decides what to do or work for the good and progress of the work or to build and develop the community.
According to the census, Meghalaya has 369 Higher Secondary sections, 250 regular schools and 119 private schools, while only college.
“I expect that the new Government, MDA-II, when it does anything, should listen to the voice of the leaders, the village headmen as well as the voice of the people in the State,” he said. said.
On the other hand, Samla Kenny urged the new leaders to follow the principle of the party to provide services to the people as the border area is a place of trouble and hope through The presence of these youths will also serve as a stieh to protect the people in the border area, to prevent the infiltration of mynder and to live in dignity.
However, the sharp drop in the price of synsar this year has caused a lot of trouble to the farmers.
Where else will the farmer, the villager who lives by farming survive?
He said that the railway line is one of the most important and the Government of India has decided to connect the railway lines in Manipur and has also allocated Rs 22 crore for the improvement of roads in the state. .
He said that the government's refusal to implement the ILP as demanded by the political parties supported by many, should have made the government think differently about its decision.
What are the new protocols for the treatment of Covid patients, who fall under categories, a, b, c, and d, and whether the state has enough medicines and vitamins to treat these patients.
: Meghalaya beat Manipur by seven wickets in the Women's U-19 One Day Trophy in Surat, while the men's cricket team won by 7 wickets. They scored 346 runs against Bengal which also marked the beginning of their Vinoo Mankad Trophy journey in Vijayawada.
They also said that when a patient and a patient meet to do the ultra sound, the patient should be admitted first and then the stronger patients.
The purpose of this competition is to welcome the New Year 2024 with the prayer to the Lord to give us the strength to fight against the challenges we will face in this New Year.
The meeting was conducted by Julius Lyngdoh, Training Commissioner (s) West Jaintia Hills and S Tariang, District Commissioner Guides West Jaintia Hills. , District Organizer Guides and greetings.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 26 cases and out of these 26 cases, 23 cases are high risk contacts, 2 cases are from abroad and one case is from the armed forces.
Besides conducting this treatment programme, the BSF also distributed computers, tables and sports equipment for schools and youth.
East Khasi Hills has 265 cases, West Garo Hills 40, Ri Bhoi 9, West Jaintia Hills 7, South West Khasi Hills 3, East Jaintia Hills 2, North Garo Hills 1 and West Khasi Hills
Speaking at the campaign rally for the mid-term election to the Legislative Assembly from Mawryngkneng, on behalf of Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem of the National People's Party (NPP), Bah Sanbor said that as an MDC, he has done a good job. This will be of benefit to the people of Mawshbuit.
Speaking to Rupang, the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah Lam Marweiñ, said that he has not been informed about the visit of Dr. Mukul Sangma. “It's 4 pm,” said Bah Lam.
Such schemes have been covered up by some robbers who have defamed the good deeds of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” said Marak.
It is worth mentioning that recently, Assam has come to erect the signboard at 11Mer Mawsmai, which is still a village within the border of Meghalaya. A signboard was displayed to welcome visitors through the road, which belongs to Guwahati, Assam.
At the meeting, chaired by Kasuri Amarnath from Andhra Pradesh, Convener of the committee, said the delegation's visit to Shillong was to understand the welfare of the committee. journalists in the State and what government departments as well as politicians, perceive the work of journalists in the State these days.
On the other hand, the President of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Naba Bhattacharjee, said that the state has started playing only with foreign players and now Meghalaya has entered the Elite Group of the Ranji Trophy. under the leadership of Kishan Lyngdoh as captain and who was also a good batsman.
“Through the MSL, it has been a great help to the Senior Cell of the MFA to select players from all over the districts.
The Congress has 17 candidates, the NPP 27 and the UDP 26 candidates.
General Secretary West JaintiaHills District Sport Association.
A single woman has to look after her children for a few months and has to go to work to support herself and her children, but after a while she becomes poor again.
Group-C, Patna: Alpha Sports Academy (Bihar), Hyderabad FC (Telangana), Odisha FC (Odisha), Techtro Swades United FC (Himachal Pradesh), Young Heroes (UP).
Whether the existence of chiefs benefits the people and whether it is a rule that is in line with the present system of government compatible with the democratic principles).
He said that after all these incidents, a case was lodged at Lumshnong Police Station vide Lumshnong PS Case No. 45 (08) 2023 under section 143/144/145/148/152 of the Indian Penal Code against him. One person and other unidentified persons who were arrested for causing trouble in connection with the incident.
The JSU leader said that the people of these border areas have been severely affected by the lockdown due to the distance of the markets in the area and have not been able to provide for their household needs.
Shillong, July 28: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HNM) has strongly opposed the destruction of an SSA school in Ri Bhoi District.
However, the government should not stop there, but should continue to look for ways and means to set up markets and it is necessary to ensure that the indigenous people of the state get the idea that separately from the government to get the basas to match the shape and price for them.
Out of the 82,751.86 hectares, 59,490.21 hectares falls under the jurisdiction of Nagaland.
He said that the fine for delay in renewing the permits of trucks has started since November and has affected the truck owners in the state.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya, IAS, Additional Deputy Commissioner BBlah, MCS, ADC FB Basan, ADC HML Kynta, ADC DV Lyngdoh, Assistant Commissioner SB Phanbuh and Assistant Commissioner. The Commissioner or W.K.Kharbuli.
She said that this demand has continued until now and the JAC has met many times and submitted a letter of demand to the KHADC and has been monitoring this issue from time to time.
Remember that our country needs you and me to immediately demand the stieh to protect our country through the unity and cooperation of the Khyriem, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lngam. that we may work together as paid Khasi.
Speaking to media, Bernard Marak, said that in Tura, many of the residents are facing problems especially during the rainy season where many of their houses have been destroyed. in the heat of the slap.
On the other hand, his father said that this is the age of children and such incidents happen.
Home Minister Amit Shah, in a public address in recent days, said that the census of the Bihar government is a census of Muslims and Muslims. Yadav.
“Bangladeshi Khar come to Meghalaya to farm, what does the BSF do, without doing anything, we have to go to KSU Jaintia to eradicate illegal farming.
On the other hand, the flooding in Umïam not only reveals the hills and dew lynnong which have been flooded for decades but also reveals the old road called, which may have been built from many decades ago but it is still good even today even though it has been flooded for decades.
The JSU has demanded that the government should not issue permits to develop mining companies and if necessary, should revoke the permits as most of these foreign companies do not comply with the laws and are banned. to protect the environment.
He also advised the public not to stay only inside the bank but to use other means through the banks to assist in the withdrawal or deposit of money.
According to those who learned from Amwi, there are Bah HH Mohrmen and Bah Mankular Lamin Gashnga and no doubt there are many others who don't know.
Speaking on the fact that money should not be the power during the elections, Angela said, “We don't have anything behind and inside.
This time too, they came to Panaliar to eat the soh near the village.
Two months ago, Rupang had asked Bah HS Shylla whether he has any intention of contesting the upcoming MDC elections, but he denied that he had any intention. meaning, to return to politics.
Regarding the incident, it is suspected that he was beaten more than once, because according to the signs that appeared, it was seen that the place where he was beaten and the place where his body was beaten. Police are conducting further investigation to find out the facts.
We have already asked the seven states in the North East to implement the Meghalaya strategy,” he said.
“It is clear that the VC is going along with the announcement and only if the principals fail, he will cancel it,” he said.
He said that the people want the KHADC to take action against this.
That is like when members of the opposition speak in support of the government or when the government speaks in support of the opposition.
Heiwanbha was selected for the BOCA Juniors through trials in Shillong and Bangalore last year and will be trained as a mid-fielder at the academy.
“This has brought about the idea of ​​introducing Panchayati Raj,” he said.
Conrad K Sangma said the relocation of the North Jowai Division office to Shangpung is on the grounds that most of the roads under the jurisdiction of the department fall under Raliang and Mowkaiaw. to New York Really.
BM LanongThe ILP Act has caused a lot of confusion among the people, especially when there are many articles written and spoken by many people who do not understand the law and the Constitution, because they mislead many, especially the people. they don't have knowledge.
They focus only on public work.
When asked whether his appointment as minister will not affect especially at a time when there are many allegations of corruption in the MDA government, Sanbor said, “There are allegations in any government. but it is so that whoever steals will not be arrested by the police and whoever does not steal will be arrested by the police.
One of the purposes is to ensure that the residents of these three villages do not remain in fear during the rainy season and on the need to take full precautions to avoid being destroyed.
thus, you should avoid this.
In 2014-15, there were 12793 children and out of these, 8177 children graduated from school.
With that spirit what can't be done, everything that can be done," he said.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, has sought funds from Om Birla, Speaker of the Lok Sabha, for the construction of a new Legislative Assembly building at Mawdiangdiang.
Michael Syiemiong, Stacy Mawrie and Little Star were also present on the occasion. Careen Massar, Wiltar Kharkongor, Michael Jackson Shillong, Micky Paul Mawlong, Daphisha Kharbani from Dance India Dance, Dance Plus, Dance Deewane. , HANM Central Body, Bah Lam Kharbani, Charlie Rani President UHM, and leaders of the HANM Talent Fight Season-II before leaving for Delhi this month. AAM Central Body, in the presence of Bah Sainkupar Fancon, Chairman of Sain Production, Samla Gabriel T. Mawlong, President Hynniewtrep Production, leaders of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MFMA) and leaders of the Hill People Farmer. Shangpliang and Alfond Kharsyntiew.
Kg), Javelin (500 gms), Medlay Relay.
We have to use our common sense to distinguish between what is bad and what is good.
Of these 311 cases, 234 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 35 cases from Armed Forces and 199 cases from civilians, 51 cases from East Jaintia Hills, 16 cases from Ri Bhoi including one case from Armed Forces and cases from West Garo Hills, 2 cases from West Khasi Hills and 1 case from West Jaintia Hills.
“We still need another district in Garo Hills and we will go together, we will work together,” he said.
At present, the Minister said that he will repair the road by cleaning it with stones as the weather is not yet suitable for the work due to the heavy rainfall and in the month of November they will clean it.
Perhaps, even the Congress has known and understood how the UDP works and it is for those reasons that it will come to the forefront of its corruption.
The area is still in the border dispute between Karbi Anglong District, Assam and West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
A total of 62,25,764 people have been infected, 9,40,441 are still infected and 97,497 have died.
The Israelites were scattered throughout the earth and became slaves to foreign lands.
Referring to the situation in the village, it is very necessary for the government departments such as the health department to look into it, because in the village the PHC has The time has come to upgrade the Public Health Center to a Community Health Center and to provide doctors, nurses and staff for the convenience of the residents of the area. when the sick are shitom.
Patel said the decision to join the Shiv Sena-BJP government was unanimous, adding that the implementation of joining the BJP has started in
The three days sports tournament was very interesting as many students took part in the competition to win medals for the school.
What surprised me was that only after 10 hours, the same employee (Name withheld) said that the officer had left for Hungary.
The village has also urged the shopkeepers to be vigilant and not to put money in their shops.
No one was injured in the blast, which occurred 300 meters from the Assam-Mizoram border.
Furthermore, it is learned that this man has admitted to having close ties with the leaders of the political parties in the state, so many youths have been deceived by the words of jali jaum. You don't have to give money to get a job.
After this, Bah Carmel decided to withdraw his support from the Congress-led Khasi Hills United Democratic Alliance (KHUDA) in the KHADC. as a sign of protest against the decision to remove Laitkroh and to urge that this should be reconsidered,” said Bah Carmel.
The 54-year-old coach has been in charge of many clubs on three continents, Asia, Africa and Europe.
The woman lives next door to the man who lives with his 9-year-old son.
East Khasi Hills has 152 cases and these include 4 cases in Happy Valley, 4 cases in Lawmali, 5 cases in Mawpdang, 20 cases in Mawshbuit, 6 cases in Nongmynsong, 8 cases in Nongrim Hills, 4 cases in Nongthymmai, 4 cases in Pynthor. people in Upper Shillong.
it is the controllable hypertension that brings good health.
After the incident, the suspected GNLA members fled the scene without being seen.
Shillong, Nailur 30 : The President of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) today while speaking at the program “Ka He said that as public leaders who serve the people, we need to have responsibility so that justice will survive.
Gideon Kharkongor Honorary Secretary of MCA congratulated Bhowmick for taking the time to come to Meghalaya and expressed his hope that the stadiums in Shillong and Tura will be recognized as Bhowmick was welcomed by MCA and Shillong Cricket Association officials, including MCA Vice President Rayonald Kharkamni, Honorary Treasurer Dhrubajyoti Thakuria, MCA Chief Curator Peter Jarman Lamare and Peter Macdonald. Kharsawian President of SCA Jowai: As part of the Mission Life to restore the beauty of the forests today 24th July under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong of Chilliangraij, Jowai, DH Pde together with the youth held a The planting of trees opposite the new Border Home Guard office.
He urged the tourists to cooperate with the village and to come with joy, manners and respect and not to spread garbage without finding it.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF Lum Umpih Unit, today arrested two truck drivers who illegally dropped Pylleng pyut on the Umsning By-pass and Lum Umpih village. Snow.
A complaint has been lodged at the Shangshak Police Station under FIR No.03(08)2023/SSK-PS U/S: 21(c)/2 /60(3) ND&PS Act.
However, they turned right on the road leading to Woodlands Hospital and then to Bawri Mansion at Malki Point.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The BJP leadership in the state today held a meeting at the party office in the presence of Lok Sabha MP Shri Ramen Deka.
Our vision for the cancer treatment system is in line with the vision of the Meghalaya Cancer Conclave
The VPP today launched a protest to demand that the government should suspend the reservation policy in the state.
“Annamalai does not want a coalition between the AIADMK and the BJP, even though other party workers want it.
Jesus will give the authority, the power and the authority to God the Father.
That the SLPGC from time to time through its supervision will ensure the timely completion of the works of the government so that the government can ensure timely services to the people.
“In every block in the state, there will be a PRIME hub and including the presence of many offices that can look after the needs and demands of the farmers,” he said.
U P School, said that he had to leave the school meeting immediately because he wanted to visit Mawlynnong which he had never seen before. and renowned as the holiest city.
The woman was shot dead by her husband, Marbuh Pakem, 39,40 years old; who was from the same town.
To recover the wealth that has been spent, the winners will have to create many ways and there will be corruption.
“We will write to the Central Government to implement the Standstill Agreement and the Annexed Agreement – ​​which are the two social agreements that have been in force for more than 75 years,” said KSU leader Lambokstar Marngar.
Regarding the fertilizers, the government distributes fertilizers without testing the soil of the farmers whether these fertilizers are compatible with the farmer's land.
He said that the procession reminds us of the journey of people on this earth and Jesus who walked with them.
Jimmy said that the statement by one of the Garo leaders that the Reservation Policy, 1972 to review the Reservation Policy, 1972 to avoid bloodshed between Garo and Khasi, Jaintia is wrong and you don't have a foundation.
However, according to sources, the plan to contest the MDC election of Minister Langstieh as reported in these days is not a current plan but there has been a plan to contest the MDC election. HDR Lyngdoh in 2014 before the MDC elections of KHADC, but at that time it was said that Minister Langstieh did not want to contest the election but he said that this time too there has been a talk between the two. There are no reports on the mid-term MDC elections, but it has not yet been decided.
The closure of all schools on this day is part of the protest against the authority of the Central Government to implement the CAB, said a statement from Bah Ready Stone Nongrum, Education. Secretary, Khasi Students Union, Central Body.
“Even in Sohiong, the entry of PDF MLAs has made us hope to win because people understand that it is better to turn to the NPP but the election is an election so we are working hard to win. ", he added.
On the other hand, he said that Shillong has received the highest rank in terms of cleanliness according to the Swachh Survekshan 2020 survey.
The AJTCVA on Friday renewed its office bearers at a public meeting held at Paradiso Conference Hall. The meeting was conducted by Lang Dkhar in the presence of Presidents and Secretaries. of Associations in Jaintia Hills and affiliated to the All Jaintia Tourist & Commercial Vehicle Association.
Rice is indeed the most important crop of the people in the state, but there is no special treatment for this important crop.
Israel is now waiting for that time (the Lyiur).
He added that they will meet with the JHADC authorities to demand that they talk to the KAAC to remove the tax collection gate.
Dozens of people have been killed and hundreds injured,” an adviser to Ukrainian Interior Minister Anton Herashchenko said in a Facebook post.
Speaking to reporters, President of the RKSF Sengkmie said that the RKSF in the past few days has also visited the project.
“In fact, Bah Lapang's joining the NPP is not the reason why the people have rejected him, but the reason why the elders and the people have rejected him. “It is after they saw his strong support for the PDF in Umsning, until the position of Bah Lapang has dropped,” said the officials.
The POSHAN campaign was launched by Prime Minister Duh and is working in a mission mode to fight against the problem of malnutrition.
Dr Mukul urged the authorities not to wait any longer, but to ensure that the people involved should be arrested and punished according to the law.
Ed) of 2013, about 4,000 students have decided to seek clarification from the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) in Delhi on the delay in announcing the new results. after that there was a great cry.
When asked on what basis the Congress will win the MDC elections in Garo Hills, Lyngdoh said the party has won the MDC elections in Garo Hills. Leading the government in the state, it has done many development works and besides being in power, it has been a great opportunity for the people.
Because of the words you speak, you speak to your brothers, sisters, mothers and fathers in the land of Hynniewtrep.
According to sources, 70 people have lost their lives and 236 people have been injured in the clashes and bloodshed in the state.
Upon arrival at Bethany, Abdul Kalam was admitted to the Critical Care Unit (CCU) and was said to be unconscious.
It was found that the French and Dkhars wanted to invade our beloved Khasi-Jaintia Hills, because they were people who were more enlightened and knew well about the trade of heritage around the country. other types of work.
“You cannot just announce your race by aphi dabit and the purpose of the announcement is that we have strictly prohibited the people especially the authorities not to accept people who change their race only by the aphi dabit. He said that although the Council has not received any complaint on this issue, it has seen in the media that there are people who change their race. period.
Shillong, Lber 10: The MeECL Myntdu Leshka Project has suddenly collapsed on 22nd June due to unexpected rainfall, said the Minister of Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
The party also wants to understand the views of various political parties on the subject of Aadhaar, said a statement from W Anthony, leader of SOMALA. Red FM 93.5 has honored the teacher of Green Hill Higher Secondary School, Sohryngkham, Luphina Kharumnuid.
In 2015, East Garo recorded 399 crimes, East Khasi Hills 3044, Ribhoi 827, South Garo Hills 216, West Garo Hills 1142, Wet Khasi Hills 412, East Jaintia Hills 879, North Garo Hills 214, South West Garo 206, South West Khasi 116 and West Jaintia Hills
He said that the people know all this.
KHLIEHRIAT: The United Hynniewtrep Movement-Khliehriat Circle (UHM-KC) has expressed its opposition to the proposal of the MSPCB to hold a public hearing on the construction of the Star Cement mine in Lumshnong. Brishyrnot village which is very close to the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and the Lukha River.
At the time of writing this article, it has been learned that on the night of 2.7.23, robbers have attacked the village of Kuki rit paid and beheaded a Samla Shnong. , David, trying to protect.
Shillong: Teachers who have passed the MTET examination, today requested the government to expedite the recruitment of teachers across government schools in the state.
In the first match of Meghalaya in the Senior Women's T20 Trophy against Bengal, the state team lost by five wickets.
This amount is for the outstanding purchase of equipment for the year 2021-2022 of T.89.11 crore.
New Delhi: The National Expert Group on Vaccines for COVID-19 (NEGVAC) has shared new recommendations on vaccination with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of PHE and MLA, Williamnagar MLA Marcuise N Marak, Rongjeng MLA Jim Sangma, Amlarem MLA Lakhmen Rymbui and Chief Secretary DP Wahlang was among others from the education department and district officials.
As a state with a large Christian population, Meghalaya has a Christian Marriage Act.
Supporters of the UDP, HSPDP, PDF and the main candidates in their constituencies will continue to hope to stir up the national spirit, while the supporters of the NPP, TMC, Congress and BJP will continue to participate in the the rnengs and the kular are not fulfilled forever.
He said that if you give 1000 voters if there are 45000 voters, it will reach 4.5 crore tyngka.
Everyone believes that if coal mining is used by the authorities within the means to protect the environment and human life, the blessings will come to those who own coal mines and will enrich the state in the country. revenue collection side.
AITC Meghalaya President and Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope has expressed his support to the party's Vice President George B Lyngdoh as the candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha seat.
The four candidates have pledged to the UDP to support anyone who gets ticket in the mid-term elections and expressed their desire to defeat the Congress party. son of Bah HDR Lyngdoh and believe that if they can defeat the son of Bah HDR in this election, they will surely win the MLA election
Shillong, March 14 : Two Meghalaya T20 cricket teams, the men's Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy and the women's Senior Women's T20 Trophy, have lost their matches. this Thursday.
In the final match at 3 pm, Lapalang SC beat Gorkha Association 1-2 at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium.
The outcome of this Symposium has been a source of inspiration to the entire sympung.
The farmers have requested the Government to withdraw the tax on agricultural products along the Jowai-Shillong road through the District Council as this has affected the farmers, said the Secretary of the Seng ki Nongrep War Jaintia. , Mr. Sumer Syngkor and President Mr. Colmen Pohshna.
The petition mentioned some of the issues pending in Meghalaya such as the repeal of the CAA, the demand for the implementation of the ILP, the release of Meghalaya from the Indo-Nepal Friendship Treaty. , the demarcation of the border with the State of Assam, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said that according to the directive of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), the drivers of Umphniang trucks are also included in the list of essential commodities. The Dorbar Shnongs are requested not to oppose the drivers to return to their homes.
“What we want now is that the government should discuss the Reservation Policy and after five days the government should not hold back and don't allow the fire to burn and don't allow the anger of the youth. it will be something else.
The meeting was concluded with the cutting of a cake to commemorate the 10th Anniversary of the Unit.
When he came to treat patients, he used to order his relatives to leave him and the patients in one room on the grounds that he would exchange herbal medicines and cleanse their bodies.
Umphyrnai SC tried to score but Nongthymmai SC scored another goal through Ïohbor Nonglyer in the 10th minute. 74.
You don't have cleanliness, purity and beauty.
They all loved each other so much that they stayed nearby.
This program was specially designed to bring together traditional dances, especially those that are rarely seen nowadays.
After signing a new contract with the current operator, the government had set a target of completion by November 2015 but this too had to be postponed.
I would like to remind you that 60 years ago during the Hill State struggle, the Hima Nongmynsaw did not take part and opposed the Hill State demand.
Shillong, Jymmang, 14: About 450 private vehicles will clean the roads after the implementation of School Buses to transport school children from different schools in Shillong.
They said that if the government is really concerned about the problems of the people of the area, it should have completed the road from Rangblang to Phlangdiloin which is only 40 kilometers.
“We have received more than 30,000 applications for CM-Elevate within two months.
They are against CAB (now, CAA because the CAB bill has become law) and support the demand for ILP. .
Prestone said the state government has decided that from 29th July 2020, the markets which used to be held once a day will be allowed to open throughout the state except the Border Hats ( International Border) and markets on the border with Assam will remain closed.
The first hearing was held on November 19 last year.
They were given only 500 tyngka each, while Bah Skendrowell Syiemlieh was given 1500 tyngka.
He said that in other states the management of funds is better and based on this, the central government has put a stick in the allocation of funds.
After this, about 30 children of the same age were released from the train at Manmad.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today met with Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and AL Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, in the presence of Dr Amar. Warr, DHS MI and Ram Kumar, Mission Director NHM, to discuss the current situation of corona virus in the state.
Thus, this also prevents the inflow of illegal activities into the activities to attract voters.
The son said, "Mother, don't worry about that. Why are you crying? Don't be afraid. Mother, because I have a God who doesn't forget me at all times. I will pray to my God who created me. The son prayed and wept in prayer and one of the words he said in prayer was: O God, who will look after my brothers and my mother when you take me away? Save me, O God, by thy name.
Shillong: Five persons have lost their lives after their house collapsed at Dhobi Ghat Lower Lumparing, Laban this morning.
The Laotian friend said that in the morning he tried to wake him up but he did not answer.
The letter was handed over to the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, who explained that the government will release Rs 44 crore from the education department and Rs 78 crore from the Contingency Fund of the state government. it will be returned only after receiving the money from the Central Government.
This word is considered dewthala because it is misused.
In a statement, Govind informed the police that the threat has put his family in danger and said that the police will keep on their records that in the future if anything happens. Prakash and Vikash should take responsibility.
Explaining about the planting of Citronella, he said, “This area (East Jaintia Hills District) has been severely affected by coal mining, the soil has turned acidic and has destroyed the fertilizer. The Institute has now taken the initiative to plant Citronella and other trees which have the ability to remove the acid in the soil to restore the soil. plant other kinds of marrep.
But it is not so.
It is the greatest achievement not only of this human heritage, but it can also be considered as a work that is almost impossible for other past generations to compare with any achievement of mankind.
Recently, Defense Minister Amit Shah promised to send a CBI inquiry into the incident at the request of the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
He said that this season is a dry and windy season, so he appealed to those people who live by growing shyrti (Jhum) to be careful when burning fires in their fields. .
The Meteorological Department said that the heavy rainfall will continue in the coming days.
“Look at Mawlong Market, Laitumkhrah...there are many taxis in the market because people come to need from this place as well as from Khyndai-Lad.
Nongpoh: U Bah I.Kharmon, District Transport Officer, Ri Bhoi District, today sent a notice to all the residents of the district, that they can register Fastag on their vehicles at the DTO Office at Nongpoh, where an office has been set up for the issuance of Fastag, for the convenience of the people who wish to register in their vehicles.
Shillong, March 4: Four UDP candidates from Nongspung Sohiong constituency in the presence of UDP leaders including Dr. Donkupar Roy President Rangbah, have spoken to journalists. , Bah Titos W Chyne MLA who is also the President of the Election Committee EKH together with Bah Teinwell Dkhar Secretary of the Election Committee. but his name was not included in the list of ticket applicants.
“All the money of the central government has been spent plainly every year but it was only during the tenure of DoNER Minister VK Singh that it has stopped up to T.200 crore,” said the NEC Secretary. So far, the NEC has constructed 10500 km of roads in the area, 2540.41 km of power lines and 694.5 MW of power stations in the area.
They may face persecution in the Muslim country of Bangladesh and may find it difficult to find asylum or citizenship in India, the country where their relatives live because they are not Christians or Hindus. .
Because many of us don't use the Khasi characters anymore, one of the original Khasi characters that we have often forgotten to use now is the Ï character. but now they are not able to stand.
Who takes responsibility for himself and participates in good deeds in the community from the work of the family, the work of the church, the work of the community, the work of death and life and as a son in the work of the family surname.
According to information received, the 11 foreigners who applied for the post of PBM are from Uttar Pradesh, these foreigners include Shri Akhilesh, who applied for the post of Sohbar Punjee Branch PO. Gaurav Singh has applied for Mawkriah Brach PO, Niranjan Kumar for Nongthliew BPO, Rohit Kumar for Rangthong BPO, Ram Chandra for Rajapara BPO, Awadesh Kumar for Rangasora BPO, Jagannath Yadav for Trongpleng BPO, Regendra Prasad Lalit Kumar of Sonidan BPO, Kiran Chauhan of Killapara BPO and Ashok Kumar of Mawkarah BPO.
Sean Kingston's concert was organized by Rockski EMG in collaboration with City Flora.
After this, police raided the residence of Manchang Ch Momin alias Jingjang and seized a large quantity of necessary items including commando uniforms, boots and other items.
“The Roster System will be of benefit to the applicants,” he added.
The arrested were identified as Ebakordor Nongpluh, 26, of West Jaintia Hills District, who was arrested from Shillong.
Replying to a question by the relevant authorities on the proposal to evict Sikhs from Punjabi Lane, Shillong, Gurjit Singh, Secretary Harijan, said: “It is a more difficult answer and I am surprised that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah will reveal the wrong facts,” said the Panchayat Committee.
The BMC today demolished part of Kangana's house at Pali Hill in Bandra, Mumbai.
Durga Sohtun, Director of Horticulture, and other speakers stressed on the need to conduct programs to explain to the people of the area that they should raise their awareness on how to increase the production of agricultural products and their proper marketing.
At the same time, Shillong Lajong also fought hard to score another goal to secure the victory but they couldn't.
Anyone who has found or seen him please contact the phone numbers 883738248 /
However, we must also point out that the district authorities have failed in their work because they have not been able to reassure the people.
“If the ILP and Sixth Schedule have not been protected, Dr Mukul Sangma has been the Prime Minister for all his life, what has he done to protect the people,” he asked.
In the interview, Kapil Sharma asked Priyanka, whether her husband, Nick Jonas, thanks himself for the birthday of his mother, Madhu. Chopra or you just give me air kisses.
In this attempt to establish their own rasong on behalf of the ethnic parties, that reason failed because the people themselves had dispersed.
Shillong: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLAs Sanbor Shullai and Alexander L Hek have unanimously decided that there will be no change of seats in the BJP party. Speaking to media, Shillong South MLA Sanbor Shullai said that the decision was taken by mutual understanding. The BJP will not have any more ministers until the end of the term of the MDA government. Sanbor said that this decision was taken because there are only two years left for the term of the MDA government. of the MDA government and now it is time to work hard to strengthen the BJP party for next year's elections.
In the past, the Madan Polo, Race Course and Wah Umkhrah areas were part of a beautiful, clean city that had earned the title of Scotland of the East and after the mid-1970s they began to change.
I don’t think it’s appropriate to praise government in relation to oil and energy.
Our goal is to be at the borders of the state to search for foreigners who have been accompanied by law enforcement officers”.
In the letter signed by Everest Langstang, Jinesh Lamin, Kerioham Lamin, Kenny Kharsandi, Labbor Gashnga, Bulon Mukhim, Stevenson Khonglah and Larius Khonglah, they wrote, please explain to us who are not as educated as you and who have not read the law.
The company does not provide after sale service for electricity or TV.
Shillong, November 17: The new Advocate General of Meghalaya, Dr BP Todi today assumed office.
Pynshngain said they went to inspect the bridge after receiving a complaint that there is a damage to the inside of the bridge.
Therefore, there is no need for anyone to worship God in truth - "For the Father seeketh such to worship him.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, reminded that we should eat to live, not just eat because it will lead to suffering.
In the first leg, Moosalyngkat SC and Sohmynting SC drew 1-0 without scoring a goal.
I have experienced this too but you have to remember that your education should come first”.
Earlier, the Minister said that the establishment and production of VHCs is because they understand that without the cooperation of the village authorities any program of the government will not succeed.
Speaking to reporters, the Leader of the Trinamool Congress Legislature in the Legislative Assembly, who is also the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, said, “The incident that happened on 22nd November affect the state.
Shillong, July 14: The Chairman of the Regional Committee of Assam, Piyush Hazarika, on Tuesday said that it is the robbers who cause trouble on the border of Block-I, which borders West Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills. Carbie Angle.
A woman who has suffered from smoking tobacco said that she used to smoke tobacco and said that she used to smoke tobacco. It was in 2009 that I started to get a bad disease, and after I got sick I went for treatment and I said that the cost of treating the disease is due to tobacco.
If you don't speak now while you have time, it won't help you to speak after the work is done.
Until now, the elders of the Karbi have not been able to say this.
These words reveal Jacob's spirituality or relationship with God.
Speaking to media, Vorrozislov said that this act of the BSF troops is a barbaric act and this has frightened the people living in the border areas.
We too don't stay in this world at any time and we don't know when we will leave.
If we think about it, we would have to look at who is driving more on the road: commercial vehicles or private vehicles? Without pep that bun that car shimet.
Shillong: The spread of Bangladeshi disease in these days has prompted people to take other measures to prevent the spread of the disease. this disease.
Shillong, March 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) in a meeting recently with the Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong has suggested to the Meghalaya Government to build more rehabilitation centres. /De-addiction Center in many villages of Shillong.
Although we are small paid, we don't see any reason to prevent us from continuing to live according to the customs and traditions.
Shillong: U Bah Thombor Marbaniang, Rangbah Shnong and Bah Hunlang Iawram, Secretary, Nongshken Dorbar Shnong, Shillong, have sent a clarification on the news published in Rupang on 9/06/2 new cases of covid-19 confirmed in Nongshken
Shillong: Prime Minister Narendra Modi may appoint Agatha K Sangma as the Children's Minister in the current government in Delhi.
After the adoption, the books on the indigenous peoples, the Sixth Schedule, ADCs and others were translated into salonsar and the indigenous peoples were forced to adopt their own way of life ( non-citizens) which we are protected by the Article 3 of the Constitution.
We feel that it is an injustice to the A'chiks if the government does not discuss even the Backlog Policy,” said the statement.
I alone am worried about the government's permission to reopen churches on 14th June
The venue of the song is in the Thangsning, Dkong, Kynrem, Sanglet, Mawlong, Ruiong, Khohramhah, Kharai/Shalla Valleys.
Regarding the request of the management of the school, Bah Metbah said, “I am not in the government but I will send a Direct Order along with a petition to the relevant authorities of the department. I want to achieve these goals for the smooth running of this institution.
“The allegation that the present government has ignored this issue I think is unfounded and there is no truth anywhere,” he said.
The All Arunachal Pradesh Students Union (AAPSU) has started expelling all non-Arunachal citizens who do not have Inner Line Permit (ILP).
“Many works have been done within the Municipal areas for the Shillong Municipal Board, the funds will come from AMRUT 2.0 as well as from SBM Urban and the 15th Finance Commission. .
The JSU has urged the students who have already submitted their marksheets to come back before the start of the program so that it will run smoothly according to the schedule.
It is to be recalled that the Dorbar of Soo Langdoh including Kongwasan Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong has already announced the dates of the Behdieñkhlam Festival for the year
Regarding this rude behavior by the Longkmie, the Dorbar Shnong and the Village Organization, have strongly condemned the Longkmie, who is also an Asha and Teacher at SSA Ingsaw UP School.
The search operation was conducted on Tuesday night inside and around the village, while at the checkposts, checkpoints were conducted and search operations were conducted. in parts of the roads and conducted thorough searches to arrest these fugitives.
The number of secondary schools from class 9-10 has also decreased from 167 to 132 in 2020-'
This mission is to look after the birth of mothers, the health of children and to prevent all kinds of diseases.
The final match of the Under 17 girls category will be between Iewrynghep Secondary School and H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School at 9 pm.
Two members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) have been arrested on charges of involvement in the murder of two day laborers in Ichamati, East Khasi Hills.
He acknowledged that the number of students attending NEHU has increased from year to year and this credit goes to the teachers.
In his speech as the chief guest, Bah Wahlang urged the people to be wise so that the future of their families will be full of hope.
In the languages ​​mentioned above, the Maw language is a rap language such as Mawthadraishan, Mawshyieng, Mawser, Mawbri and so on; but the word Remembrance has the word maw as a prefix.
According to investigators, a group of six men and two women allegedly defrauded about 600 to 700 people in India and earned lakhs of rupees last year.
There will be many games, skits and discussions and other programs to entertain the youth.
Applications received through any other mode will not be accepted and will be summarily rejected.
The meeting was led by Bah Kitborsing Lyngdoh, President and Bah Skhembor W. Nongrum, Vice President of the Mawkyrwat Youth Association. Many of these measures were discussed on how to curb crime so that the movement of the people will be safe.
It was only after a 10-minute discussion with the guards that he was allowed to enter the ground floor of Dr. Mukul's house.
The project is part of the road expansion and improvement of the highway in the eastern parts of Meghalaya, which connects the Dhubri to Phulbari Bridge to Goeragre near Tura.
The case is still pending in the Supreme Court.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang and Bah Pateng Marsing, demanded that the department should pay the salaries of the Khasi workers in the area. They threatened to shut down the department in the area.
Furthermore, the report shows the progress of 112 aspirational districts in the country, and helps them to monitor their progress and understand what needs to be done better.
They also noted his ability to deport to communities in the midst of conflict.
After they left Egypt, God gave them the 10 Laws.
In his speech, the Chief Guest congratulated the doctors and their teams for their hard work to reduce the number of TB cases and for continuing to pursue the goal of eradicating the disease. within the District.
The Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, together with the Secretary of HNLOCT&PA, Bah AL Syiem, while talking to reporters, said that after a thorough hearing on the request of the HNLOCT&PA, the Supreme Court has now decided. The Association has decided to extend the request of the Association for 8 months for the resumption of coal from 1st April 2016 to 31st June
Shillong: A Bolero (ML-05-K 4988) has been stolen by unidentified persons from Jaiaw Laitdom, near Pearlydew School at 3 pm on the 27th of this month. June.
Ibapynhun Iawphniaw, Shillong, has been admitted to the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS), Shillong for a month after being electrocuted in a machine. Mawkohphet, South West Khasi Hills District, where she lost both her hands and it can be said that the loss of both her hands has been a great loss in many ways.
This can be witnessed along or on both sides of the National Highways and State Highways.
The President of MSSASA said that the state government should follow the example of other states like Assam where the employees of SSA are managed by their state government.
Love Supreme was produced by Neapolitan Music and U-Live and directed by Ciro Romano.
Marak is the son of Rupanto Marak.
Nongstoiñ, June 1: The people of Meghalaya still have to rely on foreign states to supply fish for their daily needs.
(5).
The rocket will be automatic and will not have a pilot inside.
Adityanath was speaking at a public meeting at Bilari in Moradabad district to support BJP candidate Parmeshwar Lal Saini for the Lok Sabha.
It can be said that the majority of the people are not very opposed to their policies, except for the policies of the BJP. Hek and Sanbor Shullai, shows that the people of the state need such leaders to be in the Legislative Assembly.
They said that this is the act of the police, by arresting them without knowing the truth.
Kerbkhame DKHAR (NPP) –
On the allegation by the ethnic parties that the government is a rebel, Dr Sangma said that the MDCs of the ethnic parties should be obedient to their parties.
As believers, God calls us to keep on listening to the teachings, not to remain in darkness so that we will not be destroyed or destroyed which the Word of God has to speak to us through the following verse: “He shall die. that thou mayest be taught; and in the multitude of his folly he shall be destroyed” (Proverbs 5:23). “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge... (Hosea 4:6) God bless you all.
He said that although the state government has already issued a new price for the transportation of dewbilat, but these factories have remained silent and have not been able to comply with this price. the Government's order, he said.
Police said that Aramos Pasam has been arrested in the same case in which he cheated to employ youths and took tens of thousands of rupees. amount.
Shillong: The MeECL Shangpung Distribution Division (MEECL) on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the office of the Assistant Engineer of MeECL Shangpung Distribution Division. The union found that the office had left the transformer lyngkrang without adequate protection to protect it from any hazards.
She invites all those who have the responsibility to curb any crime in the village to join hands in this rally from the youth, parents and various groups.
In Rangshken, the contest will be between the UDP and the NPP, which are in the MDA-2 government, and from this constituency, the UDP may come ahead. in Bom, while in Krang, the NPP candidate may rise more, and other neighboring areas.
“We will send the party's views on this issue and we will tell you what position we stand on regarding the UCC,” said UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh. He said that the UCC is a very sensitive issue and it is necessary to understand the impact on freedom of worship, the rights of minorities and the threat to religion and the nation. nation.
In his speech, Ramesh said that in Congress-ruled states, such robbers are arrested within 24 hours, while in Manipur, it takes up to 15 days to lodge a complaint. “It takes 64 days for Biren Singh, the Chief Minister of Manipur, to arrest the rapists,” said Ramesh.
“Meghalaya is a state with different districts, and if each district demands to give us that, give us that, it will be difficult for the Government to run the work of the loud.
The tournament was opened by LD Lakiang Chairman Jowai Municipal Board in the presence of WJDSA leaders and members, teachers of Thomas Jones Synod College and others.
Commenting on the allegation by the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU), Kennedy said, “When I look at the complaint, I have been insulted. ) and if there is such a thing on our part, we don't support it but if there is no such thing and what we see is that the police have found, arrested and there are also video clips that the police have ringed in which they closed down illegal petrol stations.
Relatives and friends of Khandaza said that he had been threatened with death many times and wherever he went he was surrounded by security forces but on the day he died in the bomb blast he was not killed. there were no security forces and bomb squad escorting him.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister, accompanied by Minister Lahkmen Rymbui, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Banteidor Lyngdoh and officials, traders also invited members of the Chambers of Commerce, Sylhet to visit Meghalaya. .
Gladdy Kharbuli scored the second goal in the 40th minute and Kitboklang Khyriem in the 70th minute.
“How can we celebrate or celebrate in the midst of poverty and in the midst of decline in income,” he said, adding that such festivals should not be held, and at such a time when such things happen. In fact, the government doesn't understand, you don't need to apply, you don't need to stop.
He also urged the MLA of the area who is also a Minister in the MDA government, to take action and turn to the village and they will also meet him to discuss how. will have.
He said that although Sambor Surong has received many awards in connection with his rescue of his fellow climbers, he does not feel proud to have distributed and given this talent and his knowledge to others to encourage them to play in such sports.
I would say that the people have feelings about some incidents, the people have feelings about their leaders, their candidates, who support them and it happens like this and there is nothing wrong. and I will honor this.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 16 : Leaders of the synrop group of the two oldest political parties in the state, the Hill State People's Democratic Party (PDP) led by Bah KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai Jyrngam, President and Secretary of the Regional Democratic Alliance (UDP) and Chairman of the Regional Democratic Alliance (UDP) Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA Mairang Mawkyrwat together with Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, the candidate of both the parties, today visited Langpih market to explain to the public the issues of the struggle. elections and to clarify regarding the joint nomination of one candidate by the two parties.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 26th June, informed the Legislative Assembly that the government has created 2.3 lakh jobs through various programs of the government in the last three years. who have passed.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Tuesday, 10th July 2023, under the leadership of Bah Bless, President, has met with the leaders of the shooting range. ha Polo, Khasi Hill Archery Institute (KHASI) to discuss the income of the government, as the government says from time to time that it does not have enough income.
The lower courts cannot adjourn cases except for unavoidable reasons.
The Khasi Hima existed and still exists today.
When asked why private rehabilitation centers charge so low prices besides receiving assistance from the government, Paul said, “In fact, this question should have been asked by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. As a government spokesperson, I would like to say that we have had many discussions with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and soon we will take a decision on what to do”.
“Don't be afraid when they want to take the body from hospital to home or from home to the cemetery or crematorium because the government will provide PPEs to all those who go to bury the body. right" he said.
“If you refuse, you'll be punished,” said one of the employees and looking at Santi who is the owner of the shop.
“The HNLC will emphasize the need to end the conflict between the groups of the Hynniewtrep people.
Police have arrested the foreigner suspected of involvement in a forest fire in Kouvaras, about 50 kilometers or about 30 miles southeast of Athens.
The DTO and the President/Secretary of the West Garo Hills Bus Association have been directed to ensure that all bus drivers and owners do not violate the order issued by the DC. This order shall not apply until further notice.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Donald said, “The BSF doesn't do anything to the drug dealer, the thief, the robber, but why do they shoot the person who goes to work?” There are 2 Bangladeshis who publish news, but since 1971 thousands of Bangladeshis have come and you have arrested them. from time to time," he added.
The small village of Nongriat, which has been destroyed by the ancient lyhuh-bah, beyond the new Tyrna, has its own hills, rivers, rivers, forests, valleys. who came and flowed to you.
Those who attended the ceremony included Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice-President of KSU Sengkmie and Head of KSU NKHD Unit, Samla Eric A Nongkynrih, Asst. KSU Sengkmie General Secretary Ferdynald K Kharkamni, KSU NKHD President James H Mawphniang, General Secretary NKHD Unit, NKHD Unit Leaders Samla Lambok Rymbai Vice-President and other NKHD Unit Leaders and members of Nongpoh Circle .
In another development, the Chief Minister, N Biren Singh, on Tuesday said that the Anti-Terrorism Day was celebrated at the Old Secretariat. – Imphal on Sunday urged the residents of the state to turn to peace and order and also to refrain from illegal activities which could lead to instability in the state.
"He said that the most important thing is the road that connects from one village to another.
There have been 508 new cases of coronavirus in China today, according to the National Health Commission, an increase from yesterday's 409 cases.
The Daloi of Darrang said that the decision to ban the entry of people into the Elaka is part of the efforts to curb the spread of Covid-19 in the area.
Also present on the occasion were Bah B. Shylla, Fishery Supervisor, R. Lytan, Program Manager and M. Nowa, Multi Service Provider, Village Leaders and residents.
Rizvi was speaking at a meeting of India Today in Kolkata today.
He is also one of the few members of the State or District Council, who has never missed a dorbar, and even in these last days of his life, he has always attended the dorbar. and even to various public events.
The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) including the UDP and HSPDP have nominated Robertjune Kharjahrin to contest the MP seat from Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
The Government has set up an Expert Committee 10 days after the Committee headed by the Minister of State Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh as Chairperson which includes all the leaders of the political parties held a meeting. On Tuesday, it sent a recommendation to the State Government to set up an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has requested the MLAs to speak in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly on the admission of eight foreigners to MBBS from the State Legislative Assembly. “Last month, when the list of students who have been admitted to MBBS was released, it was found that in the Open Category, There are about 8 foreigners who have entered this category.
On the other hand, the union strongly warns all shopkeepers not to sell more than the prices set and urged all shopkeepers to keep the prices of mur in their shops.
The first match of the SSA 2nd DIVISION Football League 2023 will be played at the SSA Ground at 11:30 pm. The first match will start at 11:30 pm between Sohiong SC and Mawtawar SC. Shillong, November 01: The Services Sports Control Board (SSC) has won the Best Team title at 2:30 pm. The 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship was held at the SAI Indoor Hall today after winning 10 medals.
Through the new course introduced by the State Education Department in the Colleges to introduce Social Work at the Degree or Post Graduate Level, it has become a bridge between the residents of rural and urban areas.
In a statement, Khongdup said that the final decision will be taken on the 25th of this month.
The victims were evacuated by the American troops and settled in the U.S.A. However, the tragic incident in which all the survivors suffered from blindness to paint.
After Bahdeng left the house, Lanosha decided to go to Kongthei Daplin's house that day because she knew the sadness that had touched her heart.
It is a great honor for the country as a whole that there are still such heroes who sacrifice themselves for the sake of saving others and as citizens of India we should follow the example of these heroes. Major General VIKRAM DEV Dogra said while speaking as one of the chief guests at the ceremony in Delhi.
Manish said that the four MLAs who have been suspended from the party have never phoned or talked to him.
So God kept his promise not to destroy the Israelites completely.
It is worth mentioning that the group has stopped selling soh after the market has declined sharply in recent months and also the outbreak of Lumpy Disease in cows.
However, thanks to the skill of Manipur's bowlers, Arunachal Pradesh's bowlers managed to score only 120/10 in the 44th over.
He urged them to work hard and do their job well so that even though this office is small, it is hoped that gradually this office will grow and perhaps it will be able to provide employment to others such as this is the time to work.
The rally will start at 12 noon.
Before you leave, doctors examine you to see if you have any illnesses.
The disease is caused by people’s lifestyles and the detection rate of cancer is higher now than it was 20 years ago.
Of these 55,900, 25,900 are women.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah G.Langstieh explained the importance of IPR with examples of Coke Opener of Coca-Cola.
“I appeal to the public to be patient.
Referring to the farmers, Prestone Tynsong said the government has decided to give special opportunity to the farmers to start planting, burying or sowing seeds in their fields and fields.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 15 : The school sponsored by the Mawphor and Highland Post newspapers has been established at Mari-Bon Marweiñ Memorial Secondary School, Lad Umpih. Umpih, Lum Umpih, Umiarong and other villages near Umsning, Ri Bhoi, today closed the 10-month sports tournament for school children. has taken an active part in various sports events in this sports tournament.
Perfect : the perfect meaning is that it is perfect.
Lakhon Dkhar, MDC Sohmynting Khliehtyrshi, together with his family, send their condolences to the family of Obil Kyndait, former MDC and MLA from East Jaintia Hills District who passed away. it's Friday.
He said the committee has decided to accept and implement the recommendation and the rules of the fund will be formulated according to the Meghalaya Environment & Restoration Fund. The Solid Waste Management Act does not authorize a fine of T.25,000/- for those who break the ground.
“This has created a serious problem in terms of payments through Aadhaar to the beneficiaries.
In the second leg, Mookyrdup beat Dongmihsngi 2-1
The inauguration of ministers has gone smoothly and the second MDA government should think about how to implement the election promises.
After harvesting the rice, Bah Marwein and many other farmers started planting sohsaw, sohkynken jhur, kajor, bean and others.
“I don't feel that there is a jyrwit jyrwat, it is only in the use of the language and I don't feel that there is a mistake in the use of the word whether it is India or Bharat.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle on Tuesday held a ceremony to honor the doctors and recognize the Asha workers of the health department at Syiem Jingsuk Parish Hall, Amlarem.
Speaking on the upcoming elections, Conrad said the National People's Party has so far received 58 candidates from 60 constituencies, which is earlier than the last elections.
In the photo, her fingernail is shown, which is cut off and then a severe injury on her head.
In the order issued by the High Court in the petition filed by Kynjaimon Amse, it was stated that there were photographs that were taken and that these photographs were taken on 26th July Sonapyrdi village, near Sonapur Tunnel, Kuliang, Pyrtang, Dona Umbluh and Rattacherra-Malidor.
Shillong, July 23: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has expressed its deep sorrow over the arrest of Grade IV job seekers by the Nongstoin Police Station. He said that the arrest of the job seekers is an act of violence by the government and a violation of human rights.
To sneng to show and correct her if she is too slow or slow.
To bring victory to the state from this disease.
“The most important thing that you have elected us is to advocate on many issues of the nation. cannot stand.
MECL provides statistics regarding the consumption of electricity by the residents.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, on Tuesday said that the primary duty of the government is to protect the lives of people and property, which is a constitutional duty.
On the 15th of this month, after 52 days, Das was rescued while the kidnappers were carrying him in a Maruti Van.
Congratulations Reliance.
After continuing the second innings with 24/0, Tura managed to score 179 runs with all wickets lost, which meant WJH had to score 153 for WKH's players lost all their wickets and managed to score 117 runs.
Shooters under 21, 19 and 16 years old will be included in the Junior, Youth and Sub-Youth categories.
He said that like everyone else, Mukul Sangma and the Congress party in Meghalaya are the parties that have the vote bank of non-indigenous people and in the Congress itself, there are still many foreigners living in the villages. In Meghalaya, their vote bank is stronger.
The 35-year-old prisoner was arrested by the police the next day and allegedly raped the student not only once, but many times.
We are deeply saddened and ashamed that such a thing has happened in our village.
It is a testament to India's path and its commitment to providing equal governance for all.
However, the relatives of the four victims have expressed their regret that although the Assam government has paid compensation, it has not yet punished the police. The PC Phukan Judicial Inquiry Commission (PCP) has confirmed that the incident was not carried out by the Justice.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will hold its inaugural festival from November 4 to 9 at Hyndai Village, Mawphlang.
“The victory of a few NPP members in Khasi Hills shows that the people of these hills have not yet accepted this party and this is the same in Sohiong.
In the first half, both teams struggled to score and many chances were missed and the match ended without a goal.
“Dozens of people from Mawkynrew Constituency on the same day turned up at the residence of Mawkynrew MLA Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh in Shillong to demand that he should speak as a Khasi MLA on the demand for a new amendment. the Reservation Policy.
Shillong Lajong Academy have not lost so far in the tournament and have scored nine points from these three matches.
Many times what happens and continues to happen is that the state owners have listened to the mynder by buying or deceiving some of them and doing whatever he wants.
The ECC demanded, “Once they have paid the money to the MSPCB, the government should set rules for the payment of the money to these villages. who were affected by these coke plants.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of NFSA ration for the month of October in Khliehriat.
Dr Celestine and all the opposition MLAs fled the House and did not return even at the end of the session. please submit your Demands for Grants page.
Nongstoiñ, June 01: After decades of the establishment of St Mary's School in Maweit, one of the backward villages in West Khasi Hills District, on the first day of its The Alumni Gathering was held on the occasion of the Alumni Gathering.
The Chief Minister said that as part of achieving the target set by the Central Government, the Government has decided to take action in the next two months so that the State can achieve part of this joyful season.
Besides these, KHNAM will announce more candidates in the coming days.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Monday visited the puja pandals in different parts of Shillong which hold the Durga Puja for the Hindu community.
He said that this will be funded by the central government and the state government will have to provide only the land.
“It is surprising that the government wants us to join another committee through the invitation of Prestone Tynsong, but even the decision of the High Level Committee has not been taken. How many committees the government wants to set up in the future?
She expressed the hope that through this training program it will benefit all the participants so that they can do their jobs at the right time and urged the participants to give their suggestions. and information, so that it can be included in the Disaster Management Plan of the State.
Regarding the concern of the Assam leaders on the issue, they said that they have often found that when there are any border crossings by Assam in Meghalaya, the Assam leaders come forward, while later Later, the Sengbhalang and the people supported them and it was on this basis that many of the border areas of Assam went to Assam.
Speaking to media on Friday, Bah Sanbor said that in the past he has spoken well on issues affecting the people since the implementation of the Citizenship Amendment. Bill which amended the CAA, ILP and others in which he also sent a letter to the Central Government.
Shillong, Naitung 23: The John Roberts Theological College, Mawklot on Saturday commemorated the 115th birth anniversary of Rev. Dr. John Roberts, the father of Khasi literature.
The victim was a small man wearing a blue shirt, blue pants and blue slippers.
She said the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly is one of the applicants for land in New Shillong.
The total number of cases of covid-19 in Assam has risen to 1,7
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the four political parties of Sawsymper Area visited a quarry at Umnongrim, Wahmawpat. The Office of the Syiem of Maharam Hima Hima has issued another order on 31st July, 2022 to collect tax on stone vehicles in Raid Sawsymper, East Khasi Hills District.
“The government is still waiting for the report on the test sent recently but before receiving the report, the ban on the sale of fish has been lifted.
At the same time, he denied that the government had not announced to hold the examination before the release of the Class XII results and added that the government had already announced this announcement earlier.
"Yes", don't-you remember me?" he asked in a trembling voice.
Many of the transformers of MeECL have broken down in many places and the state electricity department has not been able to repair them immediately due to lack of stock of transformers.
Adding to this, Bah Paul said that the Minister's visit was after his family requested him to inspect with his own eyes to find out the cause of the water shortage.
A 29-year-old man has been arrested by New Jersey police for allegedly kidnapping an 11-year-old girl from a New Jersey street.
I have convened the Vigilance Committee together with the Executive Committee of the Raid on 27/1/20 to fix the price of rice to be distributed to the beneficiaries.
Stronger laws have already been implemented to curb the smuggling of drug traffickers who have been arrested.
The incident happened at a place about 20 meters away from the ground where the Conference of the Women's Church of Ri-Lyngngam Presbytery was held.
Surprisingly, no one is crying out for these shortcomings.
Rice is high in fiber and low in calories.
“I am still waiting for the answer whether the Meghalaya government will take action or not on this problem faced by the people at the border. They have to pay up to 15,000 tyngka per vehicle,” he said.
Shillong, June 05: The High Court of Meghalaya today suspended all types of jobs in the state, due to the Reservation Policy of the Your state does not have a roster system.
The ICAR has consulted with the farmers to teach and introduce better techniques related to agriculture in the area which it has discovered through the research of the scientists of the department.
Nongpoh, June 14: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People, North Khasi Hills District today launched an Ambulance to provide services to the people of Ri Bhoi District in connection with the illness.
“While we were watching the CCTV, we saw this man who came back for a while and threw a stone at us with a knife in his hand,” said Bah Fantin.
“This has brought about a problem in our situation where the government has tried to undermine the powers of the District Council so that it cannot protect the laws of the government,” said Bah Pynshngain.
He said that the HYC hopes that the DC will take action on this issue, to bring the district in a beautiful and transparent manner to bring about a clean environment for the DSC. During the meeting, the DC promised to take action and promised that this year there will be no examination, and that they will prepare to do whatever is necessary to fill all the posts. except within the District and also to set aside for the disabled as they cannot compete with others without setting aside.
too.
In West Garo Hills District, 29 cases are BSF personnel, 9 cases are from outside the state and one case is a High Risk Contact of a case from North Garo Hills.
Furthermore, the Government of Meghalaya for the past decades and until now has been living on loans from the ADB and elsewhere.
Two men and a woman, who are foreigners, have been arrested by the employees of HP Petrol Pump at 10mer Ri Bhoi District, after they fled the scene. The petrol pump has been filled with petrol.
On Tuesday morning, about nine shops including soh and sha shops were completely destroyed by the fire in two places, in front of Nongpoh. Town Shopping Complex and one in front of Apex Bank.
The Lokayukta has ordered the Director of Prosecution to hand over the documents related to the case to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills, Tura for prosecution and punishment. The case was filed in the Special Court of West Garo Hills, Tura.
Speaking to media, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that his victory in the election is the victory of the people whether they are supporters or non-supporters, it doesn't matter but there should be a spirit of love for each other. .
Because she had never seen a boy as handsome as him.
"“We thank the citizens and the Police Department for saving us from disgrace," he said.
He said that the people of Sohra constituency have not rejected him, although they did not win in the first election, but in the second election as MDC, they won, then in 2018 he lost. He lost and won again as an MDC and did not rest.
Perhaps he understood the word Long Live but he didn't know the VPP.
The Dorbar Hall was constructed at a cost of Rs 10 lakh under the SRWP scheme during the tenure of Dr DD Lapang with the Grand In Aid of the Urban Department through the Nongpoh Town Committee. In the presence of Raja Brahma, ADC Ri-Bhoi District Urban Officer, BB Makdoh, Chairman Union of Rangbah Shnongs, CB Syiem, Advisor, Nongpoh Town Committee, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee and others. Elders and residents of Nongkhrah.
More than 100 students of the Lakshmibai National Institute of Physical Education (LNIPE) in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh, have fallen ill after eating food poisoning on Tuesday night. .
“Dr Mukul has done well, he has done well,” she said.
In 1969, Mother Anne became the Principal of St Mary's College and held this post until 1985 when she retired.
Daniel Ksanbor Khyriemmujat and Jethro Jarvis Roy Jyrwa of St. Anthony's HSS came first and third places while L Kennedy Vaiphei of St. Edmunds HSS came second in the first ten.
When inquired by the reporter, the new EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that it is not clear whether it will pass or not as the implementation of the EC will depend on the receipt of funds from the central government through the Finance Commission of India.
Commander Shangpliang said the meeting also decided to allow the farmers to sell their produce until 2 pm.
He said that the government has now moved forward to implement the CAA and as a small nation we must have love for each other and have unity, as long as we stand firm on the foundation. to protect the country and the nation.
“It's not right to go to school like a goat or a cow and time has shown that we're going to learn,” said Bruton.LYNNONG – 2Two years have passed.
The seizure came after the BSF troops on receiving a tip on the presence of these smuggled goods immediately rushed to the scene to seize them. .
Jowai, July 14 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) has allowed the people with disabilities to vote in the General Election of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Persons with Disabilities voters with 40% disability or above and mentioned on the Electoral Roll and Senior Citizen voters over 80 years of age to cast their votes. that by the Postal Ballot.
The Minister also presented the Arts and Craft Village Award to Wahkhen Village, East Khasi Hills for the development of traditional music and handicrafts. Tangmang, East Khasi Hills on shylliah siej, Mairang on sculpture and Amindagre West Garo Hills on sculpture. which is famous for its wood and stone crafts.
When asked whether he sees that Dr Mukul's visit to the TMC was a mistake from the beginning, Hek said he does not want to say whether it is wrong or not, but it will be right for Dr Mukul. if he joins the BJP, it will be good for him.
Meanwhile, Spain-Barcelona midfielder Aitana Bonmati won the Ballon d'Or in the women's category for the first time.
On the government's refusal to pass the VAB on the grounds that it is insufficient, the HNLC in a statement said that even the Constitution of India has to be amended hundreds of times because it is insufficient. can change the issues that require a VAB, she said.
According to Bah Nongsiang, after receiving the information, JACATAM will hold another meeting to study and take the necessary action.
A cash prize of 11 lakh tyngka will be awarded to the winners along with medals, trophies and certificates.
“But what I want to tell you is that 24 hours a day, the Police are ready for such things”.
You don't need to know much about the subject of Political Science to understand the meaning of Collective Responsibility of the Cabinet or the joint responsibility of Government Ministers for the decisions of the Cabinet.
Therefore, we really need intelligent leaders to be those ksiang who are able to tell stories to explain to the people what the nation needs.
It is learned that the wind and rain have caused him to run away from the electrical pole in the village.
Never go again from today.
The Army's Red Horns Division and Meghalaya Police have arrested two Achik National Volunteer Council (ANVC-B) members and an assistant in North Garo Hills. on Saturday of the week.
I urge you voters to choose someone who is capable of doing things and not someone who is clean and pure in heart especially those whom you have experienced. You should know how to choose and allow them to come back. the power of victory.
“Once I receive the report, I will take the necessary action according to the rules of law,” said Lahkmen.
Nongpoh: Two persons were killed in an accident on the NH-6 at 2:15 pm on the NH-6 village in Ri Bhoi district. They were seriously injured when the bike, which they owned, collided with a truck.
The UDP has fielded 46 candidates but has won only 11 MLAs. The second is the VPP which has won four MLAs. my first.
There are 30,000 households in the villages under the jurisdiction of the Municipal and so far the SMB has distributed 29,634 garbage bags to 14,817 households in 20 villages. half to be completed next October.
He said that all the Polling Stations which do not exist will be polling stations in the border villages where there is still border dispute and those who have Epic will be able to poll and there will be no polling stations. Although the two governments have not yet been able to confirm the border demarcation between Meghalaya and Assam.
In fact, the Supreme Court in its order issued in June last year, has set a deadline for Rangbah Shnongs in Khasi and Jaintia Hills to perform their duties under the Sixth Scheduled for up to six months.
Therefore learn this parable of the land of Israel (the fig tree).
“This group will work together with the government authorities, Dorbar Shnongs and the villagers so that it can bring about a clean environment of the Myntdu River which is the source of drinking water for the people,” he said. my Pariah.
When guided in the right direction, they can be the greatest force in nation building.
Shillong: The President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and Speaker of the House, Dr Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that many people have demanded civil sub-divisions and districts. The government should have upgraded Sohra and Mairang to districts.
At the same time, the helpline will be operational 24×7 and will be included in the Tele-MANAS Network of the Central Government.
He added that in Shiggaon Assembly constituency, there are about 10 PU Colleges which have been allocated for the construction of these colleges.
With this decision of the MLAs, there has been a stir within the NCP, which was led by Sharad Pawar.
Speaking to media, Bajop said, “The Hima should beware of any groups who want to earn money from the Hima to file lawsuits on the border issue”.
Meghalaya scored 117 runs in the second innings, which left Sikkim needing 187 runs to win.
Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem, who immediately helped to find the child, said that the man had also tried to forcibly convert the child.
Police have recovered a broken mobile phone and slippers from Gabil Road at Anogre under Jengjal PS. Theman B Marak and his brother-in-law Ome B Marak had conspired with his son to kill and break his body.
The madness of the rynsun varies according to the method of use or cooking.
According to one of the tourist drivers, many vehicles left last night while a few stayed behind.
The court has given permission to the CBFC to release the film where it does not think there is anything wrong with it and which has no impact on the audience.
Not only that, but to reach this village is very difficult especially during the rainy season, due to the flooding of the Syllang River, one of the rivers with only one small footbridge. , that too is destroyed and thrown down.
The leaders of various units should not rely on one or two leaders but should have people in charge of each unit so that development works do not reach only the families of the office bearers. units.
Ma Rieweh said many leaders and citizens have questioned how the coal mining factories get coal when since 2014 coal mining has been banned in the state.
In fact, government departments should follow the Service Rule and publish it in the Government Gazette but many government officials go astray just to get illegal appointments.
The World Day against Child Labor was held at the Dorbar Hall of Kyrdem Village. Samla Lurshai L.Rympei, Adviser of Meghalaya Kick Boxing, Ri Bhoi was the chief guest. The program was attended by Anjan Sangma, Project Officer of Kyrdem Presbyterian Secondary School and the residents of Kyrdem Village. and the Village Leaders of Kyrdem Village.
Thus, we find that the race of its people also changes over time.
Israel will stand alone there because God has already said – "You (Israel) are my sword and my weapons of war.
The San Shnong Welfare Association, Mukhaialong has announced that as usual every year, this time too, it will hold the Iadaw Rong on the 19th of September starting at 10 am to raise funds for the San Shnong Secondary School. The school is located in Mukhaialong.
Don't thank yourself, because God punishes the sinner, hoping that he will confess it again, and receive forgiveness.
Bah Nongpluh said that during the school period, the number of schools in the city has increased.
The minister said an ST certificate could be cancelled, revoked or impounded in case the authorities concerned satisfactorily concludes that the certificate was obtained through false submission of facts to the government, by suppression of relevant information or through misrepresentation.
Many Christians do not believe that the Christian church belongs to the Khasi and do not hesitate to force that feeling on the people.
She said that to correct the meaning of a word from the spelling of the letters, it is necessary to understand the meaning of the word.
After the party's general meeting, another rally will be held at the venue.
He said that if the state government does not have the will to take action, it is difficult to resolve the border between the two states, but it is through this government under the leadership of the NPP. MoU has already been signed to demarcate 6 sites and the remaining 6 sites.
The Shillong Hima had a close relationship with the Ahom Hima and this can be witnessed through the writings of their travels.
According to sources, senior BJP leaders from the party and the North East have met with the leaders of the Catholic Church in the state especially those who are politicians to use this tactic. from Goa to get rid of the people's accusation that the BJP is an anti-Christian party.
In the first half, Ankita scored the only goal for Ri Bhoi until the final stages of the match, where she tied 83 off 89 balls including 40 fours and two of the 6
Mukul Sangma also stressed the need for unity among the indigenous people of the state by recalling the incident of the MBOSE, which has caused differences in various ways. He said that the politicians of the world are wrong on this issue, although he said that it will be his duty to take responsibility for the unity.
According to Conrad, one of the challenges is the selection of candidates because all the parties are strong enough to have an understanding but the NPP is willing to cooperate.
Everything went through English.
A case has been registered against the victim under Section 302 IPC (IPC) Section 5(i) (l)(m)/6 of POCSO Act.
The Entry Point was led by Bah Nujorki Sungoh, Chairman of the Committee, in the presence of Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Wailadki Shylla. , Jowai MLA, Bah Edelbert Nongrum MLA Mawkhar, Ri Bhoi District Administration and other senior government officials from various departments.
However, only 45 per cent of those who came to work in Ri-Bhoi, 65 per cent in West Khasi Hills and 80 per cent in South West Khasi Hills.
Franklin Lymphouid scored the first goal for Mawryngkneng in the 12th minute.
There are about 19 villages under the jurisdiction of the Riangdim Sub Health Center and these villages are covered with dense forests especially the siej forests. That is why malaria is so common.
She also sought a reply from the SP of East Khasi Hills on the failure to arrest the robbers who allegedly raped a 17-year-old girl in the village and directed the police to submit the report of the examination. of this child.
Himanta said he wants to complete the border settlement with the four states during the 75th Azaadi Amrit Mahotsav and the goal is to achieve the wishes of the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister. Home Minister Amitshah to bring unity in the region.
The Department of Horticulture has distributed up to 15 tonnes of turmeric seeds to farmers from different villages through the Hill's Farmer Union Thadlasdakein Block.
I have read an article by Bah Purningstar Shabong, on the song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, in the past few days, which has also been discussed on Social Media and this article has also appeared in the newspapers.
The time has come for the government to try to introduce fly-overs in those areas where traffic jam is highest especially in the central areas such as in parts of the country. of Barik, Mawlai Bridge and also in parts of Umshyrpi.
The CBI should find out how many people have benefited from this illegal activity committed by the MUDA officials. MUDA needs to be punished according to the law for justice.
Shillong, July 10: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) today announced that Bah Process T Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai, has been nominated as the party's candidate for the election. This is the MDC election from Mawlai Constituency.
The vehicle and batteries have been handed over to the Phramer Traffic Cell and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, KW Nongrum urged the KHADC to punish severely the Khasi according to the provisions of the Benami Act who commit Benami land within the border of Meghalaya. .
The implementation of the roster system without a strong policy will lead to the loss of the youth of any nation who will have to share the mistakes of the past.
“Likewise, the English (Sahep) said that this is the Scotland of the East, now where are those Batemon winds, where are those sweet streams and sweet waters.
“I have received a letter from Bah Robinus Syngkon that he has withdrawn his support from the government and as an independent MLA, there is no restriction on doing so,” said the Speaker.
Speaking on the main development goal of the MDA-2 government in the next five years, Conrad said, “We will introduce policies and programs to improve the country's economy. Meghalaya has increased its GSDP to T.80,000 crore by 2027-2028 and Meghalaya has a $10 billion economy to increase its income to $10 billion.
Residents should be vigilant and strictly follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and not to go outside unless there is work.
CHRISTIAN ERIKSEN is in good health after collapsing on the pitch during the Euro Cup against Finland.
To the east it is bordered by the Kynshi River and the Langshiang River.
He said that for 13 days, the Boko Police Station has been searching every night, which has caused danger to the villagers and they have to flee into the forest.
Tura, July 01 : The recent change of name of a foreigner named Osman Islam Goni to Osman Goni Marak according to an affidavit sworn before magistrates shows that he is trying to take advantage of his rights. The Garo people should have the customs and traditions because just because he became a Christian, he wanted to take advantage of the conversion of the Garo people to the Garo people.
However, we don't have any hope that there will be a change in those jobs that have been done or not done in the past three years and they have been covered up like covered up like the candidates during the elections. which were distributed to the people and which the people in some places accepted and gave victory to those candidates.
In fact, according to the order of the Government of Meghalaya or the Political Department, on Wednesday, the vehicles that should pass are even numbers, 0, 2,4,8,.
He said that during the inspection, it was found that these people are not even citizens of Meghalaya as many of them do not even have EPIC cards of Meghalaya. they are from other states or other countries.
He said that as usual every year about 70 to 80 young men and women come to take part in the Lyngdoh dance.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has seized 17 properties in connection with the incident of money laundering by the Hurriyat. Zahoor Ahmed Shah Watali, one of the leaders in connection with the money laundering incident to fuel insurgent activities in Jammu & Kashmir.
Meghalaya still needs assistance from the central government as well as foreign funds.
It is true that there are only a few who have followed the Dkhars and have grown rapidly in their jobs.
This public hearing is part of the efforts to explain to the citizens of the state how to elect their leaders and how to send them to the Legislative Assembly.
This method of voting has been used in the past, through postal ballots, but it works only for some voters such as soldiers, police and senior citizens, who do not have the opportunity. to vote for yourself.
All those who spoke on this occasion encouraged the women's organization to continue in its service without any hesitation as many of the residents especially the women still need a lot of assistance and it is also stable. to ask for help from fellow women.
Therefore, the union has repeatedly expressed to the Minister that the Government should take over and run this project, but Kong Ampareen said that although this project is a company, it is not. The Government will ensure the rights of the employees under the scheme, especially for the poor women to have the right to take leave because poverty does not matter whether it is still in existence or not. shu start or you have to go.
However, police have not yet identified the name, address or ethnicity of the suspect. The body of the suspect has been taken to the Civil Hospital for post mortem. .
These wild trees in the Lyngngam language are called sohtbu, sohjudaw, sohwan, sohsan, sohsimlen, sohhylling, sohbar, sohmynthar, sohlait, sohshirshang, sohhymmai, sohmyndong, and others whose names are not yet known.
Speaking to several media outlets, Bah Adelbert said that the allegations that he has done stupid things in the Legislative Assembly by the candidates contesting against him and the Voice of the People's Party ( VPP) in the last MLA elections for his demand to revise the Reservation Policy, but now it is clear that the policy really needs to be revised.
According to a statement issued by the government department, according to the order issued by the state government, the 40 Mile (Burma Nallah) area is still within the boundary of Namdapha National. Park & ​​Tiger Reserve.
He said that the children in this age need to be taught the values ​​of respect to build strongly.
The two schools that have reached the final are Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Seng Khasi College.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah was due to the difference in the price of the single phase smart meter. The price of a three phase smart meter is 5889 tyngka while the three phase smart meter costs 11,238 tyngka.
“This refusal of the Jowai Municipal Board to collect garbage is after some people opposed the garbage collection in Mynkjai which has disrupted the garbage collection system of the Jowai Municipal Board,” said Ma Andrew in a letter to the Jowai Municipal Board. DC Ma Andrew also recalled his meeting with the DC together with the Waheh Shnongs of Jowai on October 26th this year to demand that he should use his powers as district chief to allow the JMB. to continue the spread of garbage in Mynkjai.
Speaking on the VAB, Adelbert said the government has referred it to the KHADC twice saying that it has to correct the errors in the Bill, and the last time The Government has returned the VAB to the KHADC on October 18,
The elders in the congregation visited her regularly.
This is a sad life for those who live along this highway, not to mention those who come and go, who have to evacuate their homes, from the collapse of the road stones, from Dawki to Laitlyngkot. .
Therefore, the government should set up a Primary Health Center in the village, so that the people can get adequate treatment in times of illness.
Dr. Rocky Syngkon said that in the last MLA election, the VPP supporters lost only a few votes in the last MLA election and if everyone gives their support, they will win the election. MP victory will bring the VPP party. He appealed to the people who attended the meeting, that on the 19th of this month, to vote for the symbol of Prah, so that we can see a change in the rule of law.
The tournament which started on 27th July 2022 was inaugurated by Vibhor Agarwal (IAS), Deputy Chief Secretary and Director Sports & Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya as the chief guest. .
JOWAI: The Ladthadlaboh Urban PHC has celebrated the World Health Day to spread the message on the importance of health and how to fight against high blood pressure, diabetes, diabetes and stroke. live with a reckless eating pattern.
It will see the rise of Aatmnirbhar Bharat and it will see the achievement of Viksit Bharat.
And it is a place full of dead bodies.
Speaking to media, the President said they have also requested the Minister to have qualified teachers in schools and colleges to do this, and to provide library grants to schools and colleges. They can purchase books and relevant materials for competitive examinations.
“So in the morning we can arrest those people through CCTV,” he said.
Shillong, November 07: The Seng Khihlang has strongly condemned the burning of the stairs of the Seng of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum in Baniun on the 5th of November.
Therefore, the growth in sports is not only due to the assistance from the government but also due to the support of the people who love sports like in other countries of the world. Various clubs have become rich thanks to the encouragement and full support of the people and some wealthy individuals.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Unidentified robbers, on the 20th of this month, at about 2 pm, have kidnapped a 4-year-old boy, Akash Pockeral, son of a He is a rich coal trader from Dkhiah West village.
This is unacceptable," the unions said.
On the other hand, he also reminded that when he was dancing in the South West, there were still many dancers and singers, but he praised that now the South West Khasi Hills. , is a place where there are many talented dancers and singers. He also urged them not to rest but to follow and work hard and make the most of their talents.
Mawkyrwat, June 10: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, Bah T. Lyngwa, IAS, has issued a directive that all Government Offices, Revenue and Magistrate Courts, and educational institutions in the South West Khasi Hills District will be closed on the 24th June, 2023 (Monday), due to the “Shad Suk Mynsiem” of the Seng Khasi, South West Khasi Hills District.
From the children to the elders, all the men and women.
The first session of World Food India (WFI) in 2017 was a success and welcomed leaders, delegates and participants from 61 countries and 27 states.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has spoken about her desire to act in a film with Ryan Gosling. know that he is a person who is interested in the language of the people who knows how to communicate and who knows how to communicate with many.
Informing that the MDCs will continue to oppose the Bill, Laitkroh MDC Bah Carmel Sohtun said, “If the Bill is accepted by the government, we will go to court”.
This year, due to the pandemic, the participation of different villages had to be restricted and only 23 people per village were allowed to participate.
Similarly, the body of a child was recovered from Umshyrpi and buried in the name of Shila Singh at Umsyrpi under Jhalupara outpost.
The percentage of students who passed was 68.79%.
However, on 17th November 2015, the President of PPM Umdap Unit, Samla Alexander received a letter on behalf of the RBYF 20 Mer Circle, which summoned him to appear. They said they had received a complaint from Therisina Nongshli, who was one of those found in the RTI that she did not have a BPL List, and which was received instead of others.
Macdalyne S. Mawlong, MDC Umsning, NPP leaders and many other dignitaries of the area were present at the ceremony.
“The government should take action and do something about this insult to the Khasi-Pnar otherwise the party will gather its members to guard the border even if they have to carry weapons for the sake of the Khasi-Pnars. “It's a good idea for the people living in the border areas,” he said.
I don't know why, but I'm sure it's a longdoh.
We don't have to worry about you by giving us T
"We have decided to leave the ARPA from today," said UDP Parliamentary Party Leader Teinwel Dkhar and James Ban Basaiawmoit of KHNAM. It appears only in the four corners of the KHADC House while outside it has spread among the members as it appears on the issue of MUDA, the government's intention to pass a law to empower Rangbah Shnong.
The tournament ended with the handover of the dongmusa from the hands of the Mukhap Children's Association to the Khasi Krang Children's Association, Diengïei Pyllun to take part in the preparations for the 17th Tournament next year.
The NECA, which celebrates the National Energy Conservation Day every year, recognizes the work in the conservation of electricity in various sectors of the economy.
“However, more than three months have passed since the examination for the above posts but the Commission has not yet announced the results of the written examination.
The office bearers of the Laiphewdiengngan Unit include Lanshing Muktieh as President, Rimio Kyrsian as Vice President and Blestar Kyrsian as General Secretary.
From day to day, from month to month, time just passed.
Tourism is one of the industries that the government has announced from time to time that it will take action to turn it into a factory industry to create employment opportunities for the youth in the state. only in government jobs but that they can stand on their own feet by this job.
On this occasion, the Minister of State for Electricity, Krishan Pal Gurjar, today spoke to the Union Minister of State for Electricity, Krishan Pal Gurjar. , in which he explained that the NEEPCO office should be the head quarter from Shillong and not from Guwahati.
Meanwhile, the NPP has also held talks to cooperate with the BJP in the upcoming elections in the state.
She said that the Khelo India University Games is a shlem that encourages the youth who are interested in sports.
“In my understanding, the law of the state has to look into this and if they feel that these can no longer be handed over to the CBI, then the President Rule should be issued in the state. state spirit".
These children will face a strict trial and the government needs to appoint a Fast Track Court to hear this case, in order to curb corruption, to complete the trial within 6 months.
Ma Harwis Dkhar, President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Central Body, confirmed the office bearers.
The presence of covid-19 has not only affected those who have or are infected with this disease but also those who are healthy especially those who earn a living. side.
The roads are the same, the cars are getting worse and worse.
Every month, the wholesaler delivers about 107 byrni of ration rice to the village and after weighing these 107 byrni, it was found that it delivered only 43 quintals, 1 kilo and 845 grams out of 53 quintals, 68 grams. The FPS Center should receive 10 quintals of 66 kilos and 155 grams of rice every month.
“This is just a political move by the BJP because of the elections in the state or in relation to our proposal to get the approval of the Governor to amend the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) because of this proposal. “It's now in the Ministry of Home Affairs,” he said.
This was also confirmed by one of the researchers named Thomas Gillespie of Emory University, Atlanta, USA.
In society, many of the women's organizations are more vulnerable than the men's organizations.
Speaking as an MLA, Lambor Malngiang said that as a leader, he has a responsibility to help the families who have to stay in quarantine because they have been in contact with those who have been infected with COVID-1
Teibor has recently joined the NPP and will contest the 2023 elections on the NPP ticket against PT Sawkmie, who will contest on the United Democratic Party ticket. (UDP).
USA Cricket (USAC) has made it clear that the T20 World Cup 2024 should not be canceled in the country due to concerns. This is due to the lack of facilities and infrastructure for the cricket industry in the country.
The presence of Bah John F Kharshiing in the BJP has surprised many especially as he is still a member of another political party which used to contest elections, although they are now in the BJP. Government.
When Meghalaya was independent, DD Lapang, Dlosing Lyngdoh, JD Rymbai, Snomick Kalwing, SR Moksha and many others appeared.
If once the reply of good to evil is like a sword, but one day good will triumph over evil and this will bring about change.
Mawtawar SC opened the scoring through Larrycarson Lyngdoh in the 25th minute followed by Fedrick Lyngdoh in the 29th minute.
There are Supervising Engineers and Project Managers who oversee the project throughout the day.
Between the life of rongphong, the life of tynneng, the life of mangkarong and the life of discipline and synlar.
Banteidor himself met with the Minister of Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar on the 25th of this month in New Delhi to convey the decision that the farmers of Meghalaya need fertilizer from the The Office Order issued by the Department of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya on the 9th of this month.
Shillong, July 15: Three students from All India have been arrested.
WJH will play against Shillong Cricket Association while South Garo Hills DCA will play against North Garo Hills DCA. and the backward nation needs skilled and honest leaders in order to bring about economic development and development in all areas.
Our West Khasi Hills is falling behind with the passing of the days because those who want development, knowledge, peace and order are listening to each other.
“People are afraid that the RSS will come to convert us, we are Indians, to be a Hindu you don't have to convert, we are already Hindus, we live in peace, you don't have to. We may differ in religion, language and language but we are one, we are the children of Mother India,” said Bhagwat.
Gen 6:14.
The singer of the song, Gracyl Ropmay, also took part in the song.
Since 1921 the rule of our country India by the British Government has begun to change.
This time, there has been a long-term protest by the MLP Police recruits in Meghalaya.
Before the 30th anniversary of the company, its officials announced Alia as its spokesperson.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on Friday celebrated its Martyr's Day in honor of its leaders and members. of the organization who have dedicated themselves to the fight against infiltration and persecution in India.
“From Ri Bhoi, many people have come forward like Bah S.Shullai who is the only clothes seller from Umsning market, Arun Ali who is the only MDC elected from Umsning market. Bring Lyngdoh has been an MLA from Nongpoh and even the MLA of Jirang and S Sohtun are not from Nhoi.
And many of us are very worried about this disease.
It was also found that out of these 14 children, one is the Pyrsa of this person.
The president of the party urged the authorities to take action on this issue and provide security as soon as possible, as well as to strengthen the security forces in the border areas and especially in the areas where the violence is more severe. violence against people.
The donation is T.6000 for urban women and T.7000 for rural women under the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) scheme under the National Rural Health Mission. NHM).
Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs (DYA) on Monday honored the men's and women's athletes of the state as part of the celebration of the National Sports Day 2022 held at the Soso Tham Auditorium. Shillong.
The former Mawlai MLA urged the people of Mawlai and the state as a whole to pray for the team so that it can reach the goal of victory.
Her steady employment has strengthened her position as a woman with her husband's income.
The Meghalaya government through the state education department has issued an order to close all educational institutions including schools and colleges in the state.
According to the complaint filed by the BSF, on 5th June, 2023 near Wahkdait village on the Pynursla-Dawki road, about three BSF personnel were found or encountered by a a vehicle where the course of such vehicle is reasonably suspicious that it is carrying illegal goods or cattle.
AHOR also distributed prizes to the winners of the competition where Bah Mandilost Nongbri won the Modified Category. Ralph Lyngdoh Nongpiur won the first runner-up and Sandy Cliff Marbaniang won the second runners-up category.
Our life without God will bring evil and darkness (which are the forces of Satan) will overtake us if we do not turn to Him who has come to enlighten or help us.
We must get out of this fixed mindset.
He has a lion's mouth, and when he cries out, all are afraid.
Passah alleged that the KHADC's appointment is just a waste of money especially at this time of financial crisis.
But infact the flow of tourists to this area is minimal due to lesser known, poor connectivity in term of advertisement, lack of encouragement or steps taken by the government etc.The falls has a very rare characteristics and its resemble to the cave-like structure where waterfalls is flowing.
Wagner chief Yevgeny Prigozhin has vowed to punish Russia after accusing Russia of shelling and killing dozens of Wagner soldiers. in Bakhmut and Ukraine as well.
And there are others who mislead the people.
This shows the fact that Bah Ardent is a member of the Congress”.
Shillong: The BJP today urged the police to arrest those involved in the attack and injury to five foreign basketball players in Lawsohtun. Block VI Haka 3rd May
The schools that participated in the competition were RC EVE Secondary School, Mihmyntdu, QC Spring Side Higher Secondary School and HK Singh Memorial School.
Think about it.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Titosstar Well Chyne today said that Pyniaid Sing Syiem will be elected as the new Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The CEM of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, today announced that the EC of Bah Titosstarwell Chyne will bring up the issue at the Budget Session to be held in July. The Committee of Bah Titostarwell has announced that it will remove Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem from the post of Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Chairman of the House shall bring a resolution in the House from the EC or the opposition and if the party bringing the resolution wins, the Chairman shall to resign and elect a new chairman.
The union said that last month the electricity supply in the area was about 6 to 8 times a day and this has caused a huge loss to the people of the area.
The Paiem said that this festival and Shad Nongkrem started in ancient times, when there was only the Hima Shyllong until 1853 when there was a separation between the Hima Khyriem and the Hima Mylliem.
Therefore, in order to bring about political change in the state, the people must be wise to avoid selfishness, but to elect the candidates who stand to contest. forget about your own interests, but be quick to think about the interests of many churches, warn those people who want to win money, because if you don't change now, the state will never change. you can't get anywhere.
Shillong: The Megh JAC of the All Jaintia Hills Transporters Association and the Meghalaya People's Labor Union requests the public to attend the meeting at 7 Mer, Jaintia Hills, on 11th June, 2020 at 11 am. crane is the coal mine.
He was also responsible for the expenses of the Symposium and the celebration was a success.
Speakers from the organizations and syiar traders, said that at present, when you want to import syiar from Assam to Meghalaya, you have to pay up to T.30,000 per pickup. This means that vehicles carrying cattle intended to transport cattle to Meghalaya cannot deliver cattle to Meghalaya.
Because the places are well maintained and attract tourists, those places have already gained the love and interest of tourists.
Before the blood donation, a short meeting was held by Barlee Moore Shilla.
Defense attorneys said Henry was wrongfully arrested in 2013 on drug trafficking charges, but Henry had a license.
“Then why are you still here?
Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) spokesperson Vikas Lawande said in an X, “The death toll of 24 people, including 12 children, has been reported. The Government Hospital in Nanded is not only due to the lack of medicines by the State Government.
Therefore, the water in the pond should rise to the line and that is the only way we can turn off the power outage,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Electricity Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong speaking after the party meeting.
He said that the national parties or the national parties understand better; “But what happened in Meghalaya, every election, the national parties came out”.
Shillong: The 10-day Special Session of the State Legislative Assembly will be held on 19th November
Jymmang 11: India's penalty corner Rupinder Pal Singh will be the captain of the India hockey team for the Asian Cup in Jakarta.
Two more cases, from Nongkhlaw-Mairang and Rambrai-Jyrngam, are still pending and will be announced next month.
We can’t all go to the Legislature to make laws that will help and uplift the nation, but we have our elected representatives.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday criticized the Voice of the People Party (VPP) for leaving the meeting to address the people despite the government's efforts to clarify the issue. to match the Roster system.
He said that if the two governments do not listen to this, they will not be able to appeal to the Supreme Court.
Then there was a football match between the Nongstoin Football Association (Veteran) and the Officers Club Nongstoiñ, which showed the spirit of unity and love of sports of the people.
The awards ceremony will be held at Mokhep, Wapungskur, Wapungshnong, Tuber Kmai Village and Tuber Shohshrieh.
Many of the supporters and leaders of the UDP have expressed their desire that the party will give tickets to the party members who have been elected. good in the world.
In a complaint lodged by the father of Angel Beth at Laban Police Station, he said that it was shocking for him to see the videos spread through social media before she died. He was arrested and shot and beaten by several people in front of the police.
With this victory, Shillong Lajong will prepare to face Langsning in the final against last year's champions.
In addition, we have set up more than 20,000 thousand Producer Groups to assist them in agriculture and also to provide financial support to them,” he said.
The Church authorities have the authority to provide counseling to many young people within the Church.
Shillong, July 12: The KSU HEHU Unit has honored Ruth Z West Kharkongor, the first Khasi pilot to get a license as a pilot. I am the only candidate from this state to pass the UPSC examination in
After arriving at the hospital, these groups together with the women found a truck parked in the ground floor of the hospital with the intention of carrying goods from the hospital.
According to the police website, PC Marak lodged a complaint with the police on October 5, 2019 while he was on his way to Nongstoin. (WKH) to verify the availability of coal and when he arrived in Upper Shillong he filled 38 liters of petrol in his vehicle from Upper Shillong Petrol Service Station.
Shillong, March 26: Peace activists in the North East have demanded that Peace and Security in the North East should be included as a subject in schools and colleges in the states. region.
Jowai : The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills District today announced that the price of petrol has been revised in the district.
The Minister informed the leaders of the Association that he will call the officers of the Education Department to discuss the payment of pension to the Deficit School Teachers.
He said that even if an investigation is required, it will take a long time and the most important thing is that the relevant government departments should send for a new company.
Therefore, we can say that this government is strong and now there is a good relationship within the MDA umbrella. within the MDA group.Imat is sufficient for the distribution of land or the distribution of beneficial activities.
Because brothers and sisters, such experiences have much to teach us.
I don't know if they have their own intentions behind them, because politics is a mess, and this handshake of theirs maybe it's just to mislead and mislead someone. people, but if you truly love the nation, you honorable leaders! Please leave behind your selfishness, but put the people first as you have sworn to serve them when you have made your hundreds of thousands of dollars when you ask for support from your beloved people.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said, “They are employees of GVK because the government has given them rent, they have a contract with them, it is not directly related to the government. The government, the government is more reluctant to talk but we want them to have an understanding”.
He has spoken at meetings and services abroad such as in the UK, USA, Sri Lanka and Italy. Our election campaign system is also different) Ensure that less money is spentb) ehc) The campaign will be free, fair and transparentChanges expected after five years1) Village leaders will be better informed and empowered2) Youth will be better informed, empowered and 3) Women become more courageous and empowered4) School children learn more and grow in knowledge and become brighter in life5) Roads and paths become better6) Jowai Constituency will be a Corruption-Free Constituency7) Waste-Free Constituency8) Adequate Health Facilities9) Good Education Facilities10) Jowai Constituency will be a Model Constituency and the changes we can.
He said that the employee of the blood bank has admitted that she did this without informing the doctors and has apologized and said that if she should be punished, she should be punished alone. not to the Hospital.
In his speech, Bah Enlang Sawian, Education Secretary, HYC Central Body, urged the students of the HYC Central Body to have a competitive spirit. read the nation.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that although the state has once again witnessed an increase in the number of cases of Covid-19, the government will not be able to to re-implement the curfew in the state, but the government can implement strict rules to prevent the spread of Covid-1
“If this talks are not complete, the struggle of the HNLC will continue even if it takes another 35 years.
He said that if the road is only for the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Assembly, the government should pay the land fee to all the land owners.
According to the Secretary of the Group, the average income from small vehicles is about T.1 lakh per day and from each heavy bus is about T.2200 per day. .
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The Seng Khasi Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, has been given the opportunity to build a crematorium at Sylleiïawkheiñ. .
“Until now, I have not formed a group, I have not held a meeting and I don't have any intention to dissolve the Executive Committee, but I am only talking about the working methods of the Executive Committee here. (KHADC)," he said.
Shillong, March 24: U Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Public and Information Secretary of the FKJGP Central Body, has been arrested under the MPDA. He was transferred to Williamna District Jail on Monday.
The teachers demanded the upgrading of all the adhoc schools in the state.
He said that there have been agreements between the farmers and MePDCL for the benefit of many churches, but it is surprising that until these days, no signs have been seen. “I have fulfilled my promise, but I have received information that I have not opened this place,” said Bah Bat Diengdoh.
However, as it is now that this young man has passed away, it has affected the feelings of the party and especially the relatives of this young man.
This announcement by the KHADC will inevitably cause a stir and a lot of confusion in relation to the upcoming MDC elections in
“Once again, TUR and KAM Meghalaya strongly condemn the MDA Government and urge the Court to question the Government on its inability to curb these injurious acts and prepare in advance for this rally. ," the statement continued.
Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU Central Body, on Saturday, came to confirm the office bearers of the KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit.
“It usually takes up to three months to replace the transformer if it breaks down,” the government said.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills Unit, under the leadership of its President, Samla Reebokstar Diengdoh, today at about 3 pm, has evacuated about nine persons. After investigation, it was learned that all of these people were from Karimganj district of Assam.
There are 213 active cases in East Khasi Hills, 19 in West Khasi Hills, 11 in West Jaintia Hills, 14 in Ri Bhoi, 17 in West Garo Hills, 3 in East Garo Hills.
Monarch ShabongI am sorry and sorry to see the responsibility of the various political parties, that they have to go east, west, east and west to expel the foreigners; However, the question arises whether the responsibility for peace and order, theft and other illegal activities is the responsibility of the government and for this reason, there are Special Police, who guard the borders with China, Pakistan, Bangladesh and so on.
“He said that the BJP has not gone to invite Dr. Mukul Sangma to join the party.
This is an example that we Khasi women and Khasi men should not blame each other because we both have the same duty and responsibility to protect and care for this country. Ri Khasi has been inherited by our ancestors and we too will inherit it with the same strength and strength as it was in the past. even if there is no parent, there are relatives who can carry and leave in times of trouble, without giving up their rights to foreigners.
A US official says Russia has sent 7,000 more troops to the border with Ukraine, most of whom arrived on Tuesday.
The Kurdish schoolchildren, aged 14 to 16, were abducted by ISIS militants in the city of Manbij.
The tournament will be held under the auspices of the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) and will be supported by the Sports Department of the State Government.
French, Chinese, Indonesian, Tibetan, Burmese, Baluchi, Arabic, Pashto, Persian, Dari and Swahili are the foreign languages ​​produced by the programme. groups so far in the Mann Ki Baat programme.
Because as of now the Garo people have become smaller in their own country and therefore we do not want to become like Tripura and Lower Assam and the Garo Hills.
Earlier, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has set up a Joint Inspection Committee to ensure that the Umshing River does not turn into pollution due to the construction of the slaughterhouse at Mawlai Mawiong. .
He said that this project which will start now will be a blessing to the state.
George B Lyngdoh said that the protest is not only against the casino but the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act 2021 should be repealed immediately. Online Gambling and Online Betting are allowed because mobile phones are in the hands of every youth in this age and this will encourage more and more young people to play their own games. This encouragement of this vacancy will really affect the youth and the people of the state as a whole.
The HYC Shillong City under the leadership of Franky Kharumnuid, President HYC Shillong City, has raided the foreign workers working in KHADC under the leadership of Franky Kharumnuid. Enlang Sawian, General Secretary and John Lyngdoh, Vice President.
Have we elected 60 MLAs who are not skilled according to the times now that the state has reached 50 years of age?
Shillong, July 8: Lieutenant General Praveen Bakshi, AVSM, VSM, arrived in Shillong today for a two-day visit to the 101 Area.
On the other hand, the RBSU leaders urged the SP of Ri Bhoi District to send personnel to conduct surprise inspections in those places where it has been known that there has been illegal trafficking. , so that they can find out all the facts and if anyone is found involved in this case, the police should prosecute them according to the law.
The answer to these questions is that many of the Khasi Khara children don't know about the great work of these Khlawait only because the State Government has given them leave to spend time in their favorite activities. eh.
These vehicles will run from 6 pm to 8 pm and those entering Shillong must have proper passes.
Lajong beat Ryntih 4-0 with goals scored by A. Lepcha 13', F Kharbangar 38', S Kynshi 46' and N Singh
The death toll on Tuesday was 602 and on Sunday,
Basan said that there was a drunkenness at that time, when the law which was passed in July 1970, was amended in June 1970, because the Karbi Anglong , Dima Hasao, I'm not sure if I'm going to Meghalaya.
In the second leg against Mawkriah West on July 22, Nongrum scored five goals.
In addition, they said that according to the Constitution, Articles 341, 342 and the Sixth Schedule, have laid down special rules to empower the indigenous people.
The meeting was attended by Dr.C Lyngdoh, MLA Umsning Constituency, in the presence of the Village Leaders of the area including Bah P.Kharbudnah, Rangbah Shnong Mawlyndep, Bah Shanding Syiemlieh, Rangbah Shnong Umniuh, Bah E. Lyngdoh, Rangbah Umniuh, Bah D. Pale, Rangbah Umsawlum, Bah R. Mylliemlong, Rangbah Umraleng, Bah Phrangson Rangbah Mairung and President Lad Umsaw Taxi Driver Association.
“This scheme is good because it helps the poor but the shortcoming is that it needs to cover all the people,” said Dr Tariang.
Speaking as the chief guest at the closing ceremony of the Annual Sports Meet (ASM) 2023, Bah Synshar Lyngkhoi said that the spirit of cooperation between the three schools from teachers, students and management to hold one team in sports has however been a good example for others.
Samla Lambok also praised the initiative taken by former Nongkrem MLA Bah Ardent regarding the opposition to uranium mining.
These young men cannot decide anything without the authority of the leaders of the parent organizations.
Besides Dr Lytan, Dr B.Nongkhlaw, Medical and Health Officer, Jowai Civil Hospital, was also present to assist in the health camp.
The construction of this road has been going on since July 2019 and has been suspended by the district authorities of West Jaintia Hills, but the Assam government has continued to work on this road. residents to protest strongly because Assam has violated their borders and farmland.
The order came after the hearing of the case DN No 3067 of 2018 filed by Ma Lber Laloo against the All Dima Hasso Students Union.
Shillong, July 17: The EM of Trade Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, today said that there are 140 foreign shops without Trading License across the country. Inspection on the presence of illegal shops of foreigners who do not have a trading license, the EM said that it was found that there are 4 shops in Iewduh. Foreigners who do not have a license but have received a Pata from the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
There are many errors and confusions and especially lack of clarity.
In fact, I was the first to sign a letter for him (Titosstarwell Chyne) as Leader of the Opposition.
Four people have recovered from the disease yesterday.
“However, no final decision has been taken by the Government,” said the HPC leader. Shillong, Naitung, 15: The Government has not released funds for three months since The month of June to July, 2022 has caused difficulties and hardships to the 12,451 thousand SSA teachers who have been living without salary besides having to support their families.
“This is a shock to many people,” the report said.
After waiting for a long time for the authorities to come to this road because the union wants to talk face to face with them it has been too long and also because there is another work the union will go. , The contractor who is in this area was called and when asked he replied with such and such reasons and the union does not ran behind in any areas that really affect the people. to his employees to remove the soil, so that these small stones and the soil will fall and only the stone that fits this road will remain strong according to the plan of the government.
The Hill's Farmer Union West Jaintia Hills District, has strongly condemned the statement of a man named Henry Dkhar who claims to be a jhur trader, by accusing the Hill's Farmers Union of 'Dalal' Farmer Union.
When they came to the top of the hill and on the altar of incense, the old man took the part to perform the nguh ka dem through the rice and water to suit and shor to cleanse the altar. The meeting was conducted by the Vice Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbeng Committee Rgh Païa B Synrem. and a short story by Rgh DL Nongbri Vice President Seng Khasi Kmie and Member of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee.
When asked what made them leave the Congress party, one of them replied, “I joined the BJP after seeing the inability of the party office bearers to explain to the people about various schemes. different from the BJP government and this has touched my soul.
On the other hand, Bah Basaiawmoit said that he will submit the names of the EMs on Monday to the Governor KK Paul for approval.
(h) The faithful cannot go to church in other places, as the same will not be in force at present.
He said that most of the time she ignores and refuses to take care of her mental health because she doesn't show any clear signs of mental health problems or mental health problems. in any of these sections.
Regarding children, the state had 481 incidents in 2021, 379 in 2019 and 415 in
It is to be recalled that these residents from Manipur have also come to take temporary shelter in these border villages after the bloodshed between the Meitei and Kuki people in Manipur. Many residents have fled across the states for temporary relief during the ethnic conflict.
Raju Maring, a graduate of Class X 2020, from Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School, Laitumkhrah, Shillong.
After the establishment of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA) in 2016, the MGSPHSVA has fought inside and outside the courts to achieve the demand for the Law is right.
d) There will be many funds/schemes and development in the new district.
In a statement, Juhthai, Chairman of the DNLA, said that he has sent a letter to the Chief Minister to inform him of the decision of the DNLA to extend the ceasefire for another six months. .
Dr Mukul said the ILP cannot be implemented only after it has been introduced in the Legislative Assembly but it must be approved by the Central Government, and it cannot be implemented without the approval of the Government. middle.
This happened at about 11:00 pm on Thursday.
Shillong, November 13: The Hynniewtrep Petroleum Workers' Union (HPWU) on Tuesday said it does not support the strike by the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU). since yesterday the day of Hathmajai.
There are no truths in this allegation, because the NPP leaders pretend not to see or hear, they listen man-man.
There will also be the awarding of prizes such as cash prizes and trophies to the winners, runners-up, Man of the Match (final), Man of the Series and together with the syrnod.
The vice-president of KHNAM also hoped that the state government would take action on these two issues which affect the people of the state. the debate in the state legislature, in the current budget session, because it is a matter that affects all the people.
The Arts and Culture Department of the State Government on Thursday decided to donate a 5000 sqft plot of land at Mawlai Iewrynghep to the Khasi Author Society (KAS) for the construction of the Khasi Author Society (KAS). my new office.
“We are not thieves but we are taxpayers to the government and the country,” said Khonglah and added that the miners have not done anything wrong and will continue to fight for their rights.
There were songs by the Khasi singer Bankerlang Kharkongor and dances by members of the KSU Girls Wing East Jaintia Hills.
Highlights of the MoU include:Members and affiliated bodies will post educational messages on their websites,directing people to get more information about the electoral process.
Thomas Jones Junction (No Entry): Public and private vehicles will have to pass through the road to enter Thomas Jones Synod College and leave at Dulong College Road.
At the same time, it was found that among these thousands of cows, there were also those that were dead. Speaking to u Bah Marbud, he said that those who were in the market said that they did not sell them. They don't use these dead cows or dead cows anymore, but they give them to the slaughterhouse.
He said that the villages in East Jaintia which produce shyrmit and sying but find it difficult to market their products and the MRDS has come forward to buy the products produced by the farmers.
Why does it happen? It is because the Jews or Israelites have broken the laws of God and rejected their Messiah that they did not recognize Him.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Titos W Chyne said, “In every such incident, the Minister in charge of Home Affairs in the state government has a responsibility to restrained".
How many are those who, when I exhort them: to do good, to receive the Sacraments often, to pray and pray; They boast themselves by saying, 'I don't have time, I don't have time. Does that work enslave a person to the point that he can no longer serve God? Woe to that Christian who dares to speak such unfounded words! Beloved, do not be afraid of the devil.
When asked what other steps the party will take, Bah Hek said that the term of office of the President is coming to an end and the party will take a decision on this.
Seeing the incident, the driver stopped and immediately informed the Rangbah Shnong and the police.
Of course, it is also important that this principle is equal if equality in all aspects of society and economy is achieved, otherwise if poverty and income inequality continue, democracy will not be completely successful.
This war lasted for four years until the arrest of Pa'iem Tirot Singh in 1833 when he was transferred from the Mairang barracks to Guwahati and finally to Dhaka jail. he passed away on May 17, 1835 in the midst of a serious illness.
Furthermore, the shops selling car parts are no longer willing to lend car parts even to the people who used to give them puk puk in the past, because only the old money that remains has been lost.
Police have arrested one of the suspects involved in the incident.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in his speech expressed the need to empower women, and this rally is a step towards that path to achieve equality between men and women.
Three people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1571 with 11 new cases on Monday.
About 4.96 lakh people have been severely affected in 22 districts of Assam as the floods intensified on Friday.
Even the local authorities or the church authorities do not preach or take this issue seriously.
He said the BJP also has Christian politicians.
The drug eradication program was conducted by the Tripura Police at Radha Kishore Nagar in the western part of Tripura.
The incident occurred when the 13-year-old girl was returning from the market at 3:30 pm, but because there was no vehicle. , the girl went on foot to get home.
The disunity of these two ethnic parties has also surprised the people who have always wanted to see the unity of the ethnic parties to hold the rule in the state so that the parties. the earth of Ri Thor shall have no place.
The number of cases in Kerala alone has risen to 44.37 per cent compared to the rest of India.
Besides, it was learned that it was through the action of the CRPF that several vehicles parked in front of these shops also escaped the fire.
Support staff and players from outside the state will arrive at the training ground on 5th March and the team of 15 players will leave the state for Vadodara on 16th March.
According to the RPF, the illegal tickets seized on that day were worth more than T.31.66 lakh, and were from June to November this year. 2022.
Remember and understand that baptism is not salvation but it was a great joy to follow Yahshua in baptism after we were alive or saved.
“Bah Alan also praised the Mairang MLA for leading himself and not sending the people to demand district.
Many of the MLAs in the past who have been involved in such an accident have never been able to rise again because of their own actions.
The two discussed the cooperation between the two states during this time of pandemic and Conrad Sangma congratulated Sarma for his efforts. He also requested Sarma to continue to assist if there is any need in the future.
“All the residents have to walk 8-9 KM, but if they get this road from Umsaw it will bring the residents closer and they need to walk only 2 to 3 KM,” said Bah Lambor.
Besides the improved roads compared to previous years, schools, drinking water and income growth, the health facilities in this constituency have also become stronger and more capable. furthermore to assist the citizens in their availability of quality health facilities.
Agartala: The Niti Forum was launched today at a meeting held in Agartala in the presence of Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister in charge of DoNER and Rajiv Kumar, Vice Chairman of the Nity Aayog.
Charlin Nongtdu scored the first goal for Wapung Combine in the 46th minute.
This figure shows that Meghalaya has been the worst in terms of illegal activities, crime and no less than other states.
A 14-year-old girl has been stabbed to death in a village under Jowai Police Station.
Jowai, June 22: In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seiñkur, Joinly Ksoo, the Seiñkur Bahkhla Central Body, on Tuesday said that the Seiñkur Bahkhla Central Body expresses its deep sorrow over the sudden passing away of JD Rymbai. to where.
Speaking on this issue, he said that the villagers of Riwar area on the Bangladesh border are very sad and the reason is that they have been deprived of their land in the settlement. The border between the two countries, which has happened since the time of East Pakistan and then another insult, is in the signboard and it doesn't end there. being oppressed and deceived by the politicians.
“The length of the road is 10 kilometers, the cost is about T.50 lakh and there is no difference from the usual cleaning method,” he said.
Then from the outside they covered the inside of the siej with the jyrngam snep and the siej on a small stick. lines to wrap.
“The peoples of the North East have always respected the freedom of choice of religion and other customs, and have not interfered with the way of life of others in various areas. of India.
However, on the other hand, he was filled with joy after the country was eliminated from the group stage of the 2018 World Cup in Russia.
The event was attended by the Chiefs of various Himas, Raids and Villages led by Bah John F Kharshiing.
After the robbery on 29th November in Khanapara, there was a strong protest in which the students of Nepali Sahayogi School, together with the residents of Khanapara, held a protest. They carried placards and banners as a sign of their demand for the removal of these border crossings set by Assam, as the road has been used since 1963, when at that time no There is no Police Out Post or ASTC office in Assam.
Wayne Swinny, guitarist of Saliva, has died of a brain hemorrhage. Wayne, along with Josey Soctt, Dany Novotny, Chris Dabaldo and Paul Crosby, are also members of Saliva. founder of this group.
Chennai: Hundreds of Muslims in Nagapattinam district of Tamil Nadu have withdrawn all their bank accounts for fear of the Indian government's plan to implement the National Population Register (NPR) and in which they will lose all their money in the bank.
All schools will receive their results in December.
Although we see that there are many tourist attractions in this area, we see that the roads to reach these places are very bad and we see from time to time that there is a landslide. There are more and more people in these areas especially from Pomlum village to Dawki.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has started to expand and strengthen its offices in Jaintia Hills despite the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Nailur 11: Ka Hynniewtrep, Shillong, on Tuesday said that all the supporters of Bah Councellor, who number about 5,000, have not returned to the HSPDP and have now joined the BJP. The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Central Body (HANM) in a statement said that the state government should resolve the border issue between Meghalaya and Assam. The committee headed by the Chief Secretaries of HANM said that Assam has expanded its border with the state.
It can be said that most of them have not been found, even though they are eager to know and recognize them.
“Foreigners who do business should strictly follow the rules of the Trading by Non-Tribals Regulation, 1954,” said Chyne. media on Thursday.
We cannot eat without meat.
Besides the houses, it was reported that a church collapsed during the protest.
When asked how much the state will be affected if the CAB is passed, the Chief Minister said it is up to the Meghalaya government to allow foreigners to become Indian citizens. if the CAB becomes law.
Shillong, June 08: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has announced that it will suspend all activities on the 9th of this month to attend the funeral of former President of the KSU, u Robert Kharshiing, who passed away on the 7th of this month.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek, North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, officials of the Shillong Municipal Board and the Urban Affairs Department.
He strongly opposed the practice of the Sengbhalang in the Hima Jirang of not recognizing the villagers who run the Sawmills.
Furthermore, TUR said that it is necessary to think that these incidents and attacks on other groups will lead to the spread of crime and bloodshed and will also allow the group of robbers to do whatever they want and this will endanger all the people.
Many of the children who are abused come from those families where the father is like a slave and there is no understanding with the mother in the home.
The project was inaugurated by C&RD Minister Hamlet Dohling in the presence of Mission Director Sibhi Shakravarty Sadhu and DRDA Project Director D Hynniewta. Block Development Officer, Mawlai, Bah PT Passah and others.
Above – 20 Years Boys 100M, 200M, 400M, 800M, 1500M, 5000M, 10000M, Long Jump, High Jump, Shot Put(7.26Kg), Javelin (800 gms), 4x100M &amp; 4x400M Mixed Relays.4.
The chief guest recalled the words of poet Soso Tham which says 'The nations that come together are strong'
The team in collaboration with the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) and the Forest Department were able to complete the work immediately.
He said that three block Institutes of Teacher Education will be opened soon and the teachers will be paid T.5000 per month.
He wrote “The Planning, Finance and Personnel were afraid of scientists and technocrats influx.
He said that in the past few days, the former President of the RBYF, Bah Banduhai Mawkdoh from Mawhati, has visited the RBYF with 700 followers.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) today celebrated its three years anniversary by holding a meeting at Banchi. Hall, Laitumkhrah.
The team will be coached by Besuta Vero.
“We want the uranium mining industry to end completely in the state,” said the President of the KSU. The President of the Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA), Bah BS Lyngdoh, said, The KHADC has promised to allocate funds to improve the existing roads in the area but the KHADC will continue to oppose the mining of uranium as it has done in the past.
Mawkyrwat, March 20 : Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat has become another training center along with Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat for the training and training of children in various sports. of 'Khelo India'
Mukul also directed all Meghalaya households in the state to take part in the celebration of Meghalaya Day on the 21st of this month.
Many youths, women and elderly people were invited to participate in the cleaning of the rud ki kiar. have a responsibility for the environment and to keep the environment clean.
All these are the signs of the end of the age of the things of this world.
Treiborlang Khongsngi – Education secretary 7.
Therefore, the team needs a good player in this away match and she also requested the fans to come and witness and encourage the club so that it can win this first match in the away match.
The ambulance was sent to Kongong East Jaintia Hills to investigate the incident at Shynnam Block and Khaii Mooiong Tuh.
In Moscow, heavy security was held yesterday to prevent attacks by Wagner troops and many parts of Moscow were closed, including Red Square, where the mayor of Moscow, and commanded the multitude, that they should not go out into the streets.
The name of the victim was not released because it could interfere with the investigation and also as a sign of respect for the deceased soul.
“There is no right to work with the NPP itself and for us if we are on any side, our foundation will survive.
Because, we have already experienced that in the last 10 elections of the past 50 years, the state has not produced many sohthiang and there have been bad years without any harvest. .
Why are you sitting here? The Tymmen replied – Because the village has been filled with lies and has been destroyed; so there is no place for me in it".
The ARPA's uproar came after the UDP demanded and insisted that Bah Ardent be replaced because he did not do the work of the Council.
Pastor Dunai said that in the incident, the equipment used by the church including the sound system, benches, chairs and other equipment were affected and damaged by the flood.
“I have shown him that the time will come when the children of thousands of my own people will no longer have a place and will become slaves under these illegal invaders; but because he was a rich man, he gave up his mind.
This year, most of the ceremony was performed by the chutia, langdoh and other religious leaders.
Even the students and teachers of the school came out to demand from the government that they urgently need a road in the area and requested the government and especially the MLA to take action to provide a road to the area. this area.
The President of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Dr.W Kharshiing accepted the invitation of the department to learn more about this issue especially in terms of the rules of law.
Director Randeep Guleria, Director of AIIMS-Delhi, suggested that in indoor rooms, the air should be allowed to enter and leave freely.
She said she was concerned about what changes she could bring.
In Babylon it was a miserable and miserable life for the Jewish exiles and so they sang to themselves- “By the river of Babylon we sat down; There we cry when we remember Zion." Even though they were silent, the Jewish slaves stood up and refused to sing. sing unto the LORD in a strange land?"What is Zion? In the twenty-first century the concept of Zion has changed and been hijacked by religious and nationalist fanatics who think that their nation is the only special and superior one, while other nations must be destroyed and have no right to live on earth.
Nantes star Mostafa Mohamed has been fined for refusing to play in one of the matches, according to reports. protest against the Anti-Homophobia Campaign in France's Ligue 1 league.
So most people collect these books and keep them safe in their homes and can read them again at any time they want.
Shillong, July 12: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has congratulated the people who have worked together to implement the 24 hour curfew held on the 10th and 11th July
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Daniel Khyriem, congratulated the KSU Barak Valley Circle for its ability to hold the annual meeting in a smooth, orderly and peaceful manner. relationship.
Deepak Hooda, KS Bharat and Arshdeep Singh are other names who have now earned the right to be included in the list. Grade C. New CC list for 2022-23:Grade A+: Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Jasprit Bumrah, Ravindra JadejaGrade A: Hardik Pandya, Ravichandran Ashwin, Mohammad Shami, Rishabh Pant, Axar PatelGrade B:Cheteshwar Pujara, KL Rahul, Shreyas Iyer, Mohammed Siraj, Suryakumar Yadav, Shubman GillGrade C:Umesh Yadav, Shikhar Dhawan, Shardul Thakur, Ishan Kishan, Deepak Hooda, Washington Sundar Sanjue Samson,v, Arshdeep Singh, KS India.
Russian DJ Holy C and Guwahati-based Lady Midday and Jowai-based Band's Men will perform at the Syntu Ksiar Musical Festival organized by the Panaliar Village Council, Jowai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 29: The BJYM Meghalaya has strongly condemned the decision of the Congress leaders to come out against the Prime Minister Narendra Modi's introduction of stolen money, counterfeit money and illegal immigration. for the benefit of the nation.
It should be our foremost goal to protect the environment.
“This bread and butter dump will be turned into something that the people can use and appreciate and the same will be done in other urban areas of the state,” he added.
Abhishek Kumar took the remaining two wickets for SCA-A to increase his points tally to 8/2
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: After the confusion over the currency exchange rate, there has been a confusion among the people due to the spread of rumors that there is a shortage of milk and from now on the price of milk will rise.
Shillong, Jymmang :The residents of Lad Shillong road in front of Laitkor leading to View Point have expressed their deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road. many of them were afraid.
The statement, sent today, shows that these places are either infected with Covid-19, or have close contact with those infected.
Through this programme, Advocate Rahul Pawa, Expert Resource Person hopes that it will be of benefit to those who participated and especially to be able to hold such programs again so that more information can be obtained. how to prevent such incidents in the villages.
The voice of the people across Sohiong shows that they are more supportive of the UDP.
“If the government decides to give land and houses to these people, we hope that all the government employees will demand the same in the future and this will create a big problem for the state government and also for the people of the state. which pay and contribute to the State Exchequer.
Another area that is very difficult is the illegal marriage of people without special protection and this will lead to rapid expenditure especially in this age of unknown events in any country. you for spirit.
The community immersion module of IIM Shillong means an educational effort that means engaging with students in community activities.
Shillong: In connection with the incident ha Ichamati on 28th June 2020 in which Bah Lurshai Hynniewta lost his life in this incident.
The response to the Governor's speech is not good for the State.
Speaking to media, Samla Banphiralang Basaiawmoit said that the NPP's violation of the rules of law is something that the party strongly condemns.
We have been directed by the Ministry to wait for the new directive before taking a decision on the open category seat,” said NEIGRIHMS spokesperson Dr Manuj Saikia.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The IXth Inter School Knock-Out Football Tournament will be held at Madan Heh Mini Stadium, Mawlai Phudmuri today. .
On the other hand, in an interview with the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, Paiem Patrick Syiemiong, he said that he does not know much about the involvement of Bah Michael, but he accepts that He is against the Assam government's plan to build a road to Balakhwa village.
"I don't know how many people were taken away and how many were injured," Davies said.
Remember that it is far more beneficial to give than to receive, give and you will receive and love others and others will love you in return.
Sanbor said that if the UCC is implemented in Meghalaya, it will affect the uniqueness of the motherhood in the society in Meghalaya. Regarding the implementation of the CAA, many of the tribal areas of the North Eastern States have been exempted from the implementation of the CAA. should be implemented to preserve the customs and traditions of the Mother Nature Act of the people of Meghalaya.
These two have truly managed to wind the audience up for their sessions.
In Guwahati, there are dozens of fly-overs.
“We are a very quick protest, look at the protest against the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. “As a nation, we don't have the commitment and determination in any of the protests we demand because we like to gather and talk. “We have forgotten the goal we demand in the shooting of Dkhars and creating trouble,” he said.
"Imat your father, my son, although he is no longer there, he appears in the dream of Bah Bok," said the mother and stood up to wash her hands. “When I come to sit down, something will happen,” said Banisha.
The political revolution should start from the upcoming MLA elections
Meghalaya, who won the toss, failed to tied first and scored
Furthermore, we have to write history once again, at this time the whole country recognizes the Government of India.
This decision was taken after a meeting held on 11th March 2015 with the village leaders of Tuber village.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: Meghalaya took the lead in the first innings against Sikkim but came back strongly on the third day of the Ranji Trophy Plat Group Tournament at Rangpo, Sikkim by six wickets. , today.
According to the government, T.5 lakh will be given to the families of those who died in the incident.
He said that the police are monitoring and monitoring the illegal smuggling of bombs and explosives and especially these two persons are under investigation. “To get more information on the illegal activities they have already committed in the Khanapara area,” he added.
In his speech, Bah Wailadmiki said that the match would not be successful without the spectators and urged the people to encourage the teams whether they win or lose.
These equipment are also an example of the government's preparation on how to introduce natural forces for the generation of electricity and also as a foresight for one that will not be affected. more.
“But I am still talking about this with him.
A mother and her children who fled from their home at the YMCA to go to another house , said that she fled from the place because of the lightning too much and that her little children cannot bear it anymore: Rupang.
“When they meet their friends, they will say that your State is the number one looter in the country.
The 38th Swahid Trophy Football Competition 2022 is one of the biggest tournaments in the region and has been recognized by the All India Football Federation (AIFF). The invitation tournament and the team from Nongstoiñ, has also won twice in a row, including the 37th last year and the 38th this year. 2022.
Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd has long played a major role in the welfare of the residents.
He said that it is not that the government has delayed the opening of Mawlai Block, but it is preparing for the opening of four civil sub divisions and 13 police stations. There are 6 new blocks in the state.
If this is the case, it means that the Governor's statements are all wrong and he urged the government to correct this so as not to mislead the people and the state.
Who teaches corruption? Answer:-If we talk only in Meghalaya and Ri Khasi, 90% of those who teach corruption are the people and 10% are the government officials.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Rymbui praised the leader of the Kur Lyngdoh, Bah Rajip Lyngdoh for his hard work through the Kur Lyngdoh Forest which is the source of this forest.
The Cleanliness of the Myntdu River will include the Myntdu River and the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) from Jowai and the markets of Mynkjai which is a garbage dump. hat.
“Besides the shortage of cows, there is a lot of illegal immigration to Bangladesh. The first victim is the people who don't eat meat,” said Bah Generous.
Course Dkhar 22.
Kyrmen congratulated the Deputy Commissioner, the Police Department, the Wahehshnog, the parents, the youth and the school children who attended the programme.
Similarly, if you feel the need for scholars in writing, including doctors who used to write Dr., you can write Rd.
Prof. Kma said that NEHUTA is deeply concerned about the NEHU's mismanagement of the future of Under Graduate students by urgently deciding to implement the NEP without the consent of the NEHU. by the Academic Council.
The ECI recently signed an MoU with the Ministry of Education of the Union Government to integrate election knowledge and education in schools and colleges.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday urged the people of the state to warn the corrupt MLAs with a strong penalty in the 2023 MLA elections.
Speaking on a television programme, Jair said he had taken the test yesterday and other media reported that the full test would be released tomorrow.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the IED blast at Police Reserve, Khliehriat at 2 pm today.
Police sources said that the body of the man has not been identified yet and the village of the deceased has not been identified. Police have suspected that the body belongs to a Khasi man. They said that no one has come to search for the body.
This is something I know very well, so the Food Safety Inspectors are the best qualified to do this,” said Kong Ampareen.
It is also true that all the officials from the State Government and District Council as well, have come down to inspect, after the arrest of Bah Michael Warjri (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), in which man When the officials visited the area, they also admitted that the area is still within the border of Meghalaya.
Regarding the demand of the SSA teachers, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the State Government recently on the 27th of last month released T.60 crore for the payment of salaries. the second month.
Shillong: U Minister of Agriculture, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the piglets distributed by the government to the farmers, have to be cleaned for up to 8 years.
Besides, he said, the Hup will also be a training center for the people of the area on how to cultivate, clean and harvest shynrai.
