At the SAI Indoor Training Hall, the medal ceremony was held at the SAI Indoor Training Hall by John F Kharshiing in the presence of Vice President Matsiewdor War Nongbri and others.
These will be located on Government land which has been abandoned for many years.
He also promised to allocate shares from the MP Scheme to the Churches, Sengbhalang, Schools, MLAs, MDCs of all parties and especially to the Dorbar Shnongs, Raids and Hima/Elakas in the villages. under the Municipal or Urban.
He returned to the Lok Sabha in 1991 during the General Election and was appointed to the Union Cabinet by former Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Cabinet has decided to strengthen the Fishery Department of the State Government and for this purpose it has decided to appoint about 63 persons, said Dr. Mukul Sangma Minister. Head of State.
Hooid, we have not counted how many tourists have come to spend money in our state in 2017 and we believe that they have come to spend billions and most of the beneficiaries are the villagers. .
Therefore, it is the right time not to allow Dalmia Cement Ltd and other companies to do whatever they want because it is a counting of the Dorbar Shnong. The Dorbar Shnong Thangskai has urged the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd to take strong action against the Dalmia Cement Ltd. The leaders of the FKJGP Dorbar Shnong Khliehriat including Bah Alprins Dkhar who is also the Adviser and Bah Welking Swer, Vice President of the FKJGP. If anything bad or tragic happens to them and the leaders of the village, the Seng makes it clear that the management of Dalmia Cement Ltd and the office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat will take action. Finally, the FKJGP strongly condemns the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District Khliehriat for not responding to the complaint of the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai. The FKJGP has ordered the Dalmia Cement Ltd to reject the Thangskai Dorbar Shnong, said a statement sent by the General Secretary, Bah DH Sumer.
He said why should there be problems if the Prime Minister is a Khasi or Garo because in the past there have been Prime Ministers like Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah EK Mawlong and Captain WA Sangma.
Explaining on the news, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, said that the Congress MLAs have no intention of joining any party, while they are still in the process of resolving some issues. who is inside the House of Congress.
Finance Minister T Harish Rao in his speech in the Telangana Assembly said that the state has set a target to set up at least one Medical College in each district up to to 2023.
The Sengbah Ki Nongshat Nongkheiñ of Bri Hynniewtrep, Hynniewskum, on the 3rd of June 2024, held its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Day at the in the city of Bañiun.
When inquired why the Sister did not hand over the tablet to the class XII students, she said that the reason why she did not hand over the tablet to them was because it was still their selection examination.
Especially in China, the juice of this plant is used to treat people with rheumatism or rheumatism.
When the reporter tried to ask who gave the information, the residents could not answer.
Earlier, the Rangbah Shnong had admitted that the cancellation of the meeting was due to lack of permission from the Election Department.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Muster Roll Progressive Workers Union (AWWU) will hold a strike tomorrow 24th June to demand the payment of salaries and arrears among others.
We have to take the best and we have to understand that if we don't take a decision we will not be able to end this issue because from year to year it is getting worse and worse. you're snow.
“To know the truth and to act according to the rules of law, the RBYF leaders have sent them back to Sukubaria to inform the police. “When they found out the facts, the members of the party together with the Infiltration Police, they sent back all these five persons,” said Bah Rishan Nongtri.
Who knows, tomorrow, one day, there will be new nuclear scientists or physicists among the children of Hynniewtrep, who will explain why it is necessary to dig and what will happen if it dies? There are those who are brave enough to say that we should mine like mining coal and other natural resources.
Thiangmon Dkhar is a teacher at Wapungtre LP School and is the brother of Ma Kyrshan Dkhar and Harwis Dkhar.
Dr Sangma said that this statement of Bah Paul shows that he does not read the newspaper because the government has always announced that the government will strengthen all the District Councils including GHADC, KHADC and JHADC. “I urged Bah Paul to look into the facts before blaming the government,” he said.
David said the decision was taken because of the government's delay in responding to their demands. their work is left in the air.
Many wicked people do not understand but do evil.
Once again, to desire to escape from having to imprison one's possessions.
“The residents of the Lukha River are poor families and fishing is one of their sources of income, but if the council auctions the river, many residents will lose their livelihood. “The union has tried to protect the river, but if the JHADC auctions it, all their efforts will be in vain,” said Talang.
The most sad thing in these days, is that the contractors who have worked hard and spent all the money while they have to do the work of the government, they too have now lost their money and don't have enough money to do the work. continue to support the government.
Israel (Jews) has now become the masters of war through science and technology, because God has spoken.
This school will benefit not only two or three villages but many children from different villages will benefit from this school.
After the controversy within the Congress party which has shaken his seat in recent days, several journalists have met the Chief Minister at his office and asked whether “I have told you before, I am still in this position and I will remain in this position,” said Dr. Mukul. you shall be blessed in the days that remain.
Titos said that after the approval of the Governor, the KHADC will expedite the drafting of the Rules or Regulations before the full implementation of the Act.
“On the 3rd of this month, I have been driving all morning since 9:30 am but all the drivers who drive vehicles have not been able to transport me and my children,” she said. you are the mother of the ejahar.
“The MDA government under the leadership of the National People's Party (NPP) has worked hard to preserve the identity of the Khasi and Garo people by putting forward the issue of recognition. the Khasi and Garo languages, under the Constitution of India.
She said that the Seng Longkmie also requests the MeECL department to take action to install any transformers in the villages, as many times there are tragic incidents. “The reason for the lack of construction of the transformer is to protect the residents and livestock from the risk of injury,” she added.
The purpose of the opening of the office is to ensure that Sunshine Makri can reach the goal of victory in the 2023 elections.
Earlier, Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma demanded a CBI inquiry into the incident.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmaliki, has issued an order to open the market for seven days a day in East Jaintia Hills District.
It is said that this started with the uprising of one of the Bengalis who does not know himself and lives in Ri Hynniewtrep in Shillong Pynthorumkhrah by the name of Vickey Dey; in which this person has misrepresented an incident that happened in Ichamat (I Shimti according to the Khasi people.
Assam police on Thursday raided Psiar village and dismissed Meghalaya police who were temporarily staying at the Dorbar Hall of Psiar village.
There were also traditional songs and the besli and duitara of the famous religious song “Nga jong ï'U Jisu ba la iap”, which was also sung in the film Nabon.
It is suspected that this woman was drowned in the floods in the Wah Umkhen area.
Therefore, the Kur Reapoh (Pohti, Pohktai, Pohkhlio and Pohlong) are urged to attend this meeting so that it will be for the benefit of the Kur Reapoh as a whole.
The company also ensures to provide accommodation for those people with disabilities.
Indeed, it will be a building abroad like the Victoria Memorial in Kolkata to preserve the name and reputation forever.
The children were taken care of at Ferrando Rehab Centre, Agartala.
Earlier, the BSF had admitted that there were 45 camps of North Eastern insurgents within the Bangladesh border, but later gave the names of 39 camps.
“Sohra is famous for tourism, we want this Ayush hospital to become a health tourism as part of attracting patients,” he said.
However, the truth is that none of them will dare to sacrifice one's life for the sake of the country, as this great man of ours has done.
The Umsning Town Dorbar consists of six villages: Umsning Proper A, Umsning Proper B, Umsning Pata Rim, Umsning Lum Roman, Umsning Umsohlang and Umsning Umpih.
“I will tell you plainly that you give what you like and then I will know for myself.
Vedantu tries to introduce teaching methods that will suit the needs of each and every student and provides the same support and assistance for each and every student so that they can achieve their full potential their knowledge and skills.
Khra, the husband of Kong Deng, is a man who drinks too much alcohol, as soon as he wakes up, he gets drunk and just a few days later, when he meets a friend, he sleeps lyngkrang. under the influence of alcohol, sometimes on the footpaths, on the streets of the village, without any more rain, and his wife, in love with death, had to leave every day to come to sleep. to the house.
They have detailed information about all the politicians,” he said.
At the same time, Ms Santa encouraged the residents especially the youth to take advantage of this scheme as an income generating opportunity and urged the youth to take advantage of the CM-Elevate scheme and others to set up their own businesses. .
He said the Modi Government has taken many steps in the last 10 years to strengthen peace and order in the North East.
Khasi Tyngshop Messtarding Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi and Banrihun Kharsyntiew (Swa) took part in the ceremony.
The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 has been passed by the Legislative Assembly of the state.
There are also those who encourage and encourage that serving others is the service of God.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Shillong City in a statement said that the HYC supports the demand of the Taxi Drivers Association (HYC) to allow taxis.
“I too have had the opportunity to become prime minister, and I have had the opportunity to hold office, but I don't solve problems by depriving the citizens of their rights,” he said. added.
Bah P.Rymmai, Branch Manager, NEDFi Shillong handed over the check to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on 27th November
They used to call the Khasi-Jaintia country a country of morality, a country of knowledge of family and a country of knowledge of man and knowledge of God.
In the first innings, Rajesh Bishnoi (guest Preofessional) took four wickets for 12 runs in four overs. 6), Raj Biswa (1/22) and Abhishek Yadav (1/24) took one wicket.
John W. Thabah, General Secretary, Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) said that the Union of Editors and Publishers (MEPA) expresses its gratitude to Bah Tynsong for his promptness in resolving the issues. the media are confronted with respect to these two problems.
It does not explain the rules for hospitals to operate.
Shillong, November 17 : The protest against uranium mining in Meghalaya has been recognized in India through a short film entitled 'How a village in Meghalaya fought against uranium mining' 'Quint' in collaboration with t7news from Shillong.
“This is the best initiative that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has supported and paved the way for,” Rao said.
About 52 people have lost their lives so far, and about 331 livestock have died in many incidents due to the snowfall, according to information. The damage to crops has been 20,000 hectares, and about 814 houses have been damaged,” Siddaramaiah told reporters.
Regarding the demand of the teachers for a 5 percent salary increase per annum, the government has not accepted it.
“The CBI should take action to investigate this incident without waiting to lodge a complaint as the post office department falls under the jurisdiction of the central government,” she said.
Issue 6 most important schedules.
The total number of recoveries is 13,204 and the death toll is
PK Khonglah, President Sohkha Mission Multipurpose Club, said that the fete and lucky draw had to be postponed due to the government's order following the outbreak of COVID-1
Shillong, Lber 08: The National Women's Day (NWDM) in collaboration with the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS) on Tuesday marked the International Women's Day. and he honored the women who were also householders.
The NFR chief said that in June this year, the NFR had collected up to T.4.81 crore from ticketless passengers.
On this occasion, all those who visited the garbage dump, acknowledged the problem faced by the residents of the village. Bah Phidel War, Chief Engineer of MUDA, said that the reason for the closure of the garbage dump is due to the lack of funds allocated for the construction.
He said that only those who have scored 75 percent or above marks in SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate and Master students who have scored 60 percent or above marks will be awarded. including MBBS, Law, Engineering and others.
Speaking to media, Bah E Tyngsang said that the residents who live near the garbage dumps of these Dhabas, have been struggling to breathe because of the smoke, which can affect even the health of the Dhabas. heal the people.
Besides Happiness Phawa, Phyrnai Kyndait from Mukhaïalong and Monlangki Kyndait from Mihmyntdu came second and third respectively.
The SP said that on receipt of the complaint, they took action to conduct an investigation and recovered the body to comply with the requirements of the law.
The allocation of water allocated to build the society in the state from any source will flow gradually to the 450 yiarmangkalai from the government until the lyngkha of the country is completely destroyed. Khasi.
He said that the union has found that the pigs in the area have not been tested or examined by veterinarians, but have been provided with beat only the papers.
Rao Inderjit, BJP MP from HaryanaMoS – 11GM Siddeshwara, BJP MP of KarnatakaManoj Sinha, BJP MP of UPNikhil Chand, BJP MP of Rajasthan Upendra Kushwaha, BJP MP of BiharRadhakrishnan P, BJP MP of TNKiren Rijiju, BJPKrishal Pde Gushjar MP of BJP MP HaryanaSanjeev Kumar, BJP MP UPBalyan Mansukhbhai Vasava, BJP MP Gujarat Raosaheb Dadarao Dhanve, BJP MP MaharashtraVishnudev Sai, BJP MP ChhattisgarhSudarshan Bhagat, BJP MP Jharkhand.
It may be recalled that the license issue was very successful during the tenure of Ardent M Basaiawmoit as CEM, but now the EC led by the PDF has started to revive it. task.
The 2nd Eastern West Fan Club Football Tournament 2023 was attended by many fan clubs including Manchester United, Liverpool, PSG, Chelsea and There are only 2 teams in the tournament that will compete for the title and only one team will win the title.
“The installation of the smart meter will be free of charge but the price I am telling you now is the expenditure that the state government has to spend for the smart meter,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Five suspected robbers have been arrested by the Dobasipara Police in Tura on Tuesday. They are the ones who are involved in the robbery of Garo Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 29: “I have never heard of anyone opposing the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 but I have heard that there are those who are against the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) and Conrad K Sangma.
“There is no one who still wants to live when he reaches the age of 95, but if you can change your body to the age of 29 or 30 years, you will feel like you are still alive".
The types of fertilizers covered by the 25 percent subsidy include SSP, MoP and DAP. Fertilizers were abolished in the state in 2014 to reduce the impact of these chemicals. to human life and nature.
He said that if the NPP only wants financial assistance from the central government, the BJP will take this matter to the higher authorities and the CBI, or it will go to the CBI. Court and said that they will appeal against the leaders and officers of the Lokayukta Court.
According to a statement sent by the Seiñ Khynroo Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang, the garbage collected on the public road in the village was left by the muster roll employees of the PWD department. these garbage which have been cleaned from the streets and left on the footpaths without being collected.
The judges of the Supreme Court have examined the documents of Bah Thangkhiew and have also had a chance to talk to him and after talking to him they have found that he is a person who can take over the post. judge.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Revenue and others, Ma Kyrmen Shylla inaugurated the festival.
The MDA government now includes the NPP, UDP, PDF, BJP, HSPDP and Independent or independent candidates.
Life from home is a difficult life.
The state government is preparing to install up to 300 CCTV cameras in all major places in Shillong as well as software that can recognize the faces of people.
The report also said that the contractor who does not exist will have to repair the road from Jowai (69.20 km) to Sonapur (141.50 km).
None of those who were rescued were injured.
He said that in the meeting with the Prime Minister, the group has requested the Government to appoint them once again as many of the employees are skilled as they have worked since the time of the Meghalaya has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic for the first time in 2020 and
I supported the CAA in the 2019 session.
Those who attended the meeting included the Sub-Divisional Officer (SDO), BDO, Sirdar Mawdon Hima, Bah H.Skhemlon, Pa'iem Khynnah Khyrim Syiemship, Rangbah Shnong, Riban Lyngdoh, General Secretary, Raid Shabong, Khyrim Syiemship, said in a statement.
He said that the most peaceful election this time is in Nongkrem constituency and another constituency is Mairang constituency.
The DGP said that the Assam Police Department has also registered a case (63/23 u/s 147/148/302/326/307 IPC r/w 25). a)/27 (3) of arms act) at Gogamukh PS.In another development, the Assam government has also announced that it will provide assistance of T.5 lakh to the families of these victims. of whom 2 were killed.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship at the SAI Indoor Training Center at NEHU, the Minister said that the state government has a goal to promote sports activities in the state by organizing many sports tournaments to encourage players to showcase their talents.
Remember! True love goes hand in hand with knowledge of family, religion, customs and traditions.
J. Treilang Suchiang (MDC) and Winning Garland Sungoh (MDC) have been elected as Vice Presidents. Onyx Suchiang and Marki Mulieh (Ex-MDC) have been elected as Joint Secretaries. Lamdibok Sumer (Ex-MDC) and Adviser were elected by Michael Sayoo (Ex-MDC).
Shillong, July 18: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareeen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that there are misinterpretations of the MUDA Building Regulations regarding the height of buildings.
In the past few months, the central government has invited him to Delhi to receive another higher award known as the Farmer Millionaire Award
This inspection came after the KSU received complaints from the public especially from those who receive treatment at the hospital.
Meanwhile, the court said that the state government has announced the imminence of the start of coal mining with modern equipment.
Also present were the leaders and Rangbah of Shella Village and especially the residents of Shella Village and surrounding villages.
Regarding these complaints, Latiplang said that the Syiem of Sohra Hima could not answer clearly and his answers were inconsistent and many of them he said he had forgotten and needed to check the records inside the office.
The car broke down and I had to replace it with another car, with the driver and one of my followers in the car.
Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the UDP-Youth Wing North Shillong Circle, Bah Paul said that he has no doubt that Dr Aman War will reach his goal in the fight against Covid-1 He has been able to contest and win unlike the NPP candidate who led the construction of the State Legislative Assembly which has failed.
According to a source, HYC leader Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, said that the truck was coming from Shahlang area with the intention of unloading coal at the factory. However, the Seng stopped the truck and did not allow it to enter the factory.
We urge the Council, as the owner of the land, to fight against this issue,” said the petition. Self Help Groups (SHGs) through the three Dorbar Shnongs around the area so that it can open up opportunities for our youth who are suffering from unemployment,” said the petition.
The man left his first wife in 2017 and went to Mathura to open a shop where he met his second wife, whom they married in
The union has also said that the CM has not taken into account the wishes of the people of the North East by forcibly releasing the CAB despite the strong opposition of the people of the region. Shillong: The Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress (MWC) today held a rally from Rynghep Market to Rynghep Market. to protest against the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill by the Rajya Sabha.
The Durbar Kur was filled with dances and songs from different Kur Units such as Looksi Unit, Mowkaiaw Unit, Jowai Riwar Jaintia Unit, Shangpung Unit, Barato Unit and Narwan Unit.
This order was issued as part of the prevention of drug users who intend to commit any crime in the district and the installation of CCTV cameras will help to prevent crime as well as to get sufficient and accurate evidence to facilitate the authorities to track down and arrest those involved in crimes.
In another operation, the Assam Rifles and Custom Department seized 27 boxes of imported cigarettes, 3 boxes of beer and 18 boxes of wine. 35.92 lakh in Champhai district on 29th July,
On the allegations that the NPP is now clearly the BJP, Dr Ampareen said, “Those who oppose and do not vote for the NPP will say many things.
Out of these 133 coal trucks, the DMR gate at Tamabil, Dawki found 61 trucks suspected of using fake Challans and these trucks were not allowed to enter Bangladesh.
Shella constituency was led by Dr Donkupar Roy for seven terms as MLA but his sudden death will have to go back to the mid-term elections.
Now the government is preparing to make the state one of the best states in the country,” said Rakkam.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that the festival is to showcase the traditional identity of the Khasi in song, dance, food and traditional costume.
These silencers were destroyed on 13th November at the Police Reserve, Shillong using a roller in the presence of media and others.
The 12 teams participating in the tournament are Kickstart Football Academy Rhinos, Touchline NE Cubs, Unified Gorkha Gators, Nongthymmai GC Scorpions, Langsning Greenergy Lions, Nongtrai Cheetahs, Mawlatbah SC Hawks, Littlestar Dords Clouded Leopa School The Bulls, along with ENE and JNS Jaguars.
JOWAI: The AJYWO Central Body and East Zone under the leadership of Bah MH Dkhar, Bah Heatermoon Ryngkhlem and other members of the AJYWO have commemorated the 157th death anniversary of Kiang Nangbah, the hero of the country. Jaintia by laying flowers at the statue of Khliehriat.
We have received reports and statements that the people have sent us so much pain, they cannot explain and cannot understand why this is happening.
Sniawbhalang said that one of the reasons why this has happened is because in Khasi Hills there are too many political parties contesting the elections besides the NPP, UDP, PDF, TMC, VPP. , HSPDP, Congress and BJP among others.
“Then why should we be quick to remove the one who does the job well? Doesn't this rightful request to remove him immediately show that there is something wrong? The people are no longer stupid enough not to understand that and in the world now, everything is clear, whether in the city or in the countryside,” said the CSWO. Please listen carefully and allow Bah Ardent to complete many more tasks.
Shillong: The State Government has set a target to open the Crowborough Hotel at Khyndai Lad by November 2020 and there will be no more delays as happened in previous years.
Kitboklang Phawa 33' and Nidaioh Dhar 73' scored the second goal for Mukhla Evergreen.
The prizes were awarded to the winners by the Chief Guest along with the teachers.
Stephan Mukhim, NPP candidate from Amlarem, will contest against Defense Minister Lakmen Rymbui.
Conrad K Sangma said that the delay in the payment of salaries of the employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GDC) has been going on for many years before the MDA Government took over. The NPP has agreed to lead the Government and has been able to pay the salaries of the Council employees.
Rikmenlang Lamare, who was not with the I Love You band, escaped the incident.
The Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya State Education Commission (MSEC) will look into the issue of the recruitment of SSA teachers under the State.
Shillong: Bihar have no problem beating Meghalaya on the first day of the Ranji Trophy plate group match at MCA Cricket, Shillong.
In this race, the fourth flag was thrown which caused him to slow down but as soon as the yellow flag was thrown, Jaden was able to drive fast and came in first place. the 19th and through this, wisdom and advantage is given for him in this struggle.
Donald said that the union has urged the Director of NEIGHRIMS to conduct a survey of the examination centers in Meghalaya for the benefit of the youth of the state.
Bah Roykupar Synrem, EC member of the village and HYC leader, said that MeECL and the Government of Meghalaya want the residents of the area to return to the era of darkness when the whole world one beats towards the light.
“The information received by the union has shown that the police chiefs and traders in the area have collaborated with the SHNLC members,” said Bah Nongtraw.
In her mind, Jerusalem is not the Jerusalem of the present Israel, but she too dreams, prays and desires to live in a city of peace, happiness and hope.
SH Yuvraj Dubey, Commandant of the 50th Battalion of the BSF, said the chief guest.
He said that with the arrival of projects like the Ropeway from Shillong Peak View Point to Raid Laban and other roads connecting South Shillong, the constituency will be able to develop the constituency. Tourism activities will help to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
The price of mur has been cut, followed by the kilo cut which has affected the income of the farmers.
In the FIR, the woman said, “This morning she asked her husband Suresh Singh to buy food for her child from the shop but he refused because he said he didn't have money,” she said. “You have money to spend for Bala and paint her house but you don't have money for us,” she said.
Jowai, Nailar 5: Umjal Asiaw village in Thadlaskein Development Block, West Jaintia Hills has been selected for the implementation of the NICRA project on the 4th of this month.
According to sources close to the Police Department, the GNLA fighters, who have been in hiding for many years, have started to reunite to revive the GNLA, who died after the death of C-in. -C and the arrest of many of its members.
“Furthermore, recalling the persecution of Christians across the country, she said that it is no longer safe for Christians in India.
l What should the public do with their T 2000 notes? Public can go to bank branches to deposit and/or exchange their T 2000 notes. The deposit and exchange of T 2000 is available in all banks until 30th November,
In the area where I live, people still farm shyrtie.
Liverpool and Chelsea, who failed to play well last season, will face each other at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.
Nongpoh, Nailur 27: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, has declared a Dry Day in the district. The HNYF Northern Region (HNYF) has declared a dry day in the district. Many of the illegal liquor shops continue to sell liquor along the National Highway and especially in Sor Nongpoh which is also the Head Quarter of the District. .
In Mizoram, the MNF has gained ground and in Arunachal, the BJP has gained ground in Arunachal West and East as well.
There are still four matches left to play in the quarterfinals of the tournament on the 9th and 10th of this month.
“We are trying to stop immediately,” he said and urged the public to share information if they see any illegal sale of kyiad as the Excise Department is ready to take strict action accordingly. the rules of law.
In this regard, Dr. Celestine said that many states in the North East use RIMS, Imphal for training courses.
When we look around the world, the world is beginning to burn.
However, now that his time has come to an end, his works have not reached anywhere.
The source said that Pakistan has used all means in connection with its attempts to escalate tensions in Punjab.
Conrad said this was due to concern about the state of education where there was a consultation and research regarding the textbooks and it was found that the MBOSE textbooks have not yet reached the a level that is similar to the rest of the country.
The team was 77/4 in 24.5 overs, but after they entered the field, the team was 77/4 in 24.5 overs. The state team scored 78 runs in 14 overs.
Speaking to reporters at the Shillong Press Club on Tuesday, Miriam said that Bah Hubert Paliar has been preparing for only about 10 months.
They also said that the synsar market has been incorrect since the beginning, because sometimes on the same day the price changes if in the morning it reaches 100 kilos, in the evening it reaches 50 to 70 kilos. ten pieces of silver per kilo.
Samla Bistarjune Marbaniang, Education Secretary Nongthliew Circle, Nongthliew Circle, urged the talented players to participate in the competition. they will move forward.
Then every two months those rotten potatoes should be selected and removed.
The new Act stipulates that the mother tongue will be the language of instruction or written language up to Class V. English, Hindi, Sanskrit and this is another issue, which we have to clarify, because the Khasi language is no longer in the list and cannot be used. become, only one subject for those who wish.
The Jowai Traffic Police will hold a cycle race and marathon on the 25th and 27th of this month as part of the National Road Safety awareness campaign. The competition was organized by the Jowai Traffic Branch with the support of the West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJHDEF) to raise awareness among the public on the importance of traffic rules and to reduce road accidents.
They said that on receiving information about the incident from a phone call, they rushed to the station and found him lyngktar on the ground.
This comes along with the 10-month deadline for the candidates to participate in the pre-election campaign to be held in June. u next year.
Six other civilians were killed in the shooting.
As of 7 pm, the turnout in both the seats has reached 72.33 percent, according to the Election Department of the State. for 2019 it was 71.42 percent.
He also worked in Assam from 1982 to
There were 11 churches that were attacked in the evening a few weeks before the elections.
“It is clear that he (Sangma) is involved with the BJP. From the beginning when we were here in the elections, we said that they are involved.
The fourth quarter final will be played tomorrow 23rd November between Mynsngat FC and Salaroh FC at 2 pm.
On that day, a coast guard plane spotted the ship about 71 miles south of Gran Canaria, and it was identified that the ship could carry about 200 people. people.
He alleged that the NPP has turned away from the people of Meghalaya and has stood behind.
Dated 28th Jan 2016, the EC Dorbar held on 23/1/2
“They will meet with members of the Chamber of Commerce, Tribal Chamber of Commerce and Frontier Chamber of Commerce Delhi,” the report said.
The meeting was conducted by the Chief Organizing Secretary of Sengkmie Samla Khrawkupar Nongsiej and was sworn in by the President Rangbah of Dundde. Asst.Genl-Secy, Loveous Nongkhlaw Organizing Secy, Phar Marbañiang Asst.Orgn-Secy, Phar Marbañiang Information Secy, Romeo Mawrie,Dame Lyngdoh Asst info.
They will receive food and send a report on this and the Civic Body will take appropriate measures to improve the services,” he said.
Heavy rainfall last night in the city, which has filled the main roads and drains in various districts.
In 2011, Time magazine included Dhoni in its Time 100 list as one of the world's most prolific killers.
“We still have retired officers who are not afraid of the government rather than working officers who have to obey what the government says,” said Bah Ardent.
It is learned that U Bah Wahlang, died of a stroke while he was at his office at 1 pm.
Speaking to media, Bindo said he was surprised by the behavior of the UDP leaders, in which he felt that he, who is the owner and founder, was not invited to the meeting. this meeting.
This bill is for the purpose of bringing development to the villages in urban and rural areas through the central government scheme.
Nujorki said that Laskein block has five MDC constituencies and two MLA constituencies and as part of improving governance with the people, the government should upgrade it to a civil sub-division. .
In this regard, he said that the party will not hesitate to take other measures to ensure the transparency in the appointment process.
“Since 1985, 2001 and 2013 we have demanded from the Central Government to implement the Inner Line Permit in our state but until now the Central Government has listened even after the State Government has sent the “The resolution to implement the ILP has been in place for more than three years,” said KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah.
Participants will bring their own drawing materials.
The Finance Minister said that the government has taken measures to help the poor and people in difficult circumstances and said that there is a scheme implemented by the government of India. , the Prime Minister's Food Insurance Yojana (PMFBY), to assist farmers from natural disasters.
The four persons have been arrested by the police and the investigation is ongoing while the child has been handed over to the juvenile department.
We cannot blame only the politicians, we shrut and clap our hands from all sides, but as soon as we speak against them – we honor lies and praise lies, just like snowflakes, we smile, we smile.
I doubt how many of us are willing to ask for the report cards of MLAs and MDCs on their work in terms of development when they come to ask for our votes.
Nongpoh, March 25: A 15-year-old girl named Sanphidondor Warjri from Rtiang village, Ri Bhoi District, has gone missing since the 11th of this month and has not returned home yet. home.
“We almost won the last election where we lost only 370 votes and if we don't fight where will the supporters go,” said Banteidor.
The meeting lasted for more than an hour and it was decided that the Chief Minister of Assam will visit Shillong on the 23rd in the presence of the Chief Secretary of Assam. Both the states will have the opportunity to deliver speeches on their respective states.
But they are putting their lives and property at risk," Gurjit said.
Prestone said the High Power Committee (HPC) of the Government has already made it clear in its reply on the 20th of this month that “They have not accepted the proposal. this is the Government.
There are many kinds of jewelry that are made specifically for special occasions.
At the end of 2022-23, the expenditure of the Meghalaya government against the budget approved by the Legislative Assembly stood at T.532 crore (2.43 per cent of the Revised Estimate of T.21,926). chlorine).
The Speakers can do so in the future, by citing the example of the current incident, especially in the absence of the opposition MLAs.
Covid-19 Positive.
Shillong, November 06: UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday denied that there is any division and misunderstanding in the party.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the War Jaintia Shnong Union of War Jaintia have decided to issue a Quit Notice against Mupyut and the opposing villages. .
Dr. Mukul recalled that on the ban on coal mining, there were groups from Jaintia Hills who came to meet with him to discuss the issue. group, so he felt it was very important to talk about this issue.
In the Expert Committee, the Government has stated that there will be skilled people, legal experts, I think that is enough,” he said.
He said the party wants to clarify that from now on, anyone in the central government should be free from political influence.
Those who study economics understand that road transport is the most expensive.
“We are no longer in the PDF (Front) but we are still in the PDF (Forum),” said Bah Hispreaching.
He had to pay about T4500 without counting the court fees.
God raised Jesus to be the firstfruits of all believers.
“Arvind Kejriwal is one of those who are able to verify but when the time comes for him to bring his own EVM, I too can build an EVM to bring my own EVM, I have already built it from home to verify,” he said. Dr. Kharlukhi said that if there are parties that can prove that there is fraud he will believe it but until he cannot he will not believe that there will be fraud.
Shillong, Lber 7 : Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday urged all political parties in the state to work together with one goal for the development of the state.
He said that Mizoram and Nagaland, which do not have a law under Article 371, are still taking resolutions against the Forest Conservation (Amendment) Act, why can't Meghalaya do the same?
These tins were handed over by the Vice President of KSU Laskeiñ Circle Chanbor War, Vice President of KSU Laskeiñ Circle Phrang Law and others in the presence of the owner of the school, Kong Minphik Laban and her family members. hasem.
The NPP has fulfilled many of the promises made to the people and that is one of the reasons why the people have seen that the NPP has grown not only in opinion but also in the last three years. .
The Seng calls upon the residents of Mawlai Village and the residents from all over the country to refrain from spreading the used items.
Shillong: U Bah Komen Laitmon, today filed his nomination papers as a candidate for the mid-term elections from Shella.
As soon as he finished drinking, about two words of kwai ei, between the heat and the darkness of the sky, a "erïong erngit" came and a lightning struck and Pyrthad tied them together as if they had sworn and died soon. .
When India has moved forward to give 33% seats to women in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies, is it necessary to look into the custom of prohibiting women from sitting in the Legislative Assemblies? Perhaps it will be necessary to discuss more on this issue even though in a few years, 20 out of 60 MLAs in the state will be women, and perhaps at that time, we will also get a ' woman will be the Chief Minister of the State for the first time.
However, it is not known what will happen after the 2023 elections, because it all depends on the voters, not on the parties contesting the elections.
Stephen tells us what the prophets said that Israel would be carried away outside Babylon: And I will carry you out of Babylon" (Acts 7:43).
The Kshaid that can be seen in the small streams of this area are more like latlat.
Apart from these two venues, the 132nd Durand Cup has also included the Shillong Lajong Football Club, the most famous football club in the North East. tournament for the first time and together with other Clubs.
Ardent said that from the very beginning, the HSPDP has been opposed to the appointment of a non-Khasi and Garo Lamphang.
“As an MLA, Bah Lyngdoh should seek clarification from the government why he has not been informed and keep in the dark the decision of the Rajya Sainik Board (RJB) meeting. acres of land for the army,” said Bah Dohling.
With great sadness, we would like to inform you that Dr. Hughbert Dkhar, Director, Clinical Laboratory, Nazareth Hospital Shillong, passed away on the 3rd June 2024 at 8:30 pm.
He said that in order to fulfill the wishes of the people in the constituency and in the state as a whole, he will not stop urging the government to show by its actions and not just by words. .
Therefore, in relation to the lack of implementation of the Reservation Roster Policy, is there no other way, namely, without jamming and without entering the courthouse or the courthouse? Is it easy to cut down trees and cut down trees every year, hour after hour or year after year, for the past 50 years? Therefore, in terms of the lack of jobs and also the employment, is it possible that every government department is still maintaining all the positions? statistics from 1972? In this regard, the Office Memorandum (OM, dated 10 May 2022) relating to the Roster System in accordance with the Reservation Policy, u 1972, that I believe it would be better not to revive what has gone behind but to implement it until the day everyone has agreed to it.
The Seng also urged Bah AL Hek to take action for the Sub-Centres, PHCs and CHCs which have many shortcomings in all aspects so that it will be easier for the people to have the opportunity to provide treatment is nearer than traveling to Jowai and Shillong.
Therefore, NHAI had to wait for a year in Umsning and had to run some unplanned projects.
The event was also attended by the participants of the Khasi film industry and the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFLiMA) laid flowers.
Shillong: There have been 172 new cases of coronavirus in the state, the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War today said. There are 1,818 cases in the state.
“When I gave my salary to the poor, they still blame me,” said Manas. He added that his total salary has reached T.89 lakh since he became MLA. he did not take it himself, but used it for the poor and needy in his constituency.
“It’s exciting and a very happy moment for me.
“The items that were burned or damaged included office equipment," he said.
“We will wait for the number and we will hold a meeting on the formation of the government but we will not talk to the NPP and we don't want to work with the NPP,” he said. .
More than 50 participants participated in person in this hybrid CME and others participated in online mode from across the country.
“Hindus who go to churches will be sympathized with and no Hindu should go to churches during this upcoming Christmas.
This station is located near the BSF station.
Besides the ganja, police also seized three mobile phones, a vehicle and T.
He said that Bataw is one of the villages in the middle of the border areas and also the 3rd Division (South West Zone) of the East Jaintia Hills District Sports Association (EJHDSA) was held at This is the field of Lacheh Bataw.
When asked whether the people of Umroi trust the TMC after he left the Congress party, George said that his departure from the Congress party has nothing to do with it and it is a consultation with the leaders. At the same time, it is also about the reasons for the incident in the state, but the TMC has nominated 54 candidates from different constituencies even though only a few months have passed. He said that the people of Umroi have confidence in the party because the party has stood firm on the foundation by working with deeds and not just with words. Umroi Constituency should no longer elect only the leader but the leader of the state.
After winning the silver medal in the 3000-metre steeplechase on Sunday, Parul finished in 15:14.75 to win the gold medal and become the first from the country. India to win gold medal in 5000m at Asian Games
These include the 'H' road, the 'R' internet, the 'R' railways and the increase in air traffic 'A'
The rally was led by Nikman Ch Marak, Chief Leader of GSMC. The rally demanded that the MLAs of the State should pass a resolution in the House to divide the State into Khasi Jaintia State. bad in Garoland State.
Besides, it is not good for the leaders and workers of the Congress party to rely only on Gandhi and Nehru, it is time for them to stand on their own feet and for others who are not Gandhi or Nehru blood. they can lead.
India coach Igor Stimac will return to take over the national team for the third match against Kuwait on Tuesday.
Thus, the business has a strong idea.
Shillong, October 31: The National Congress Party (NCP) in the state has decided to support the Congress party in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections from Shillong and Tura constituencies. Constitution.
“If that happens, everything will be done by the President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram, who is known as Tylli Myrthong, who has been the Secretary of the Dorbar Hima for many years. “It's over,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Therefore, he urged them to take action for prompt and adequate treatment.
In South Gsro Hills, there is no high risk.
“We have learned that they have been protesting against the proposed implementation of their island documents for the purchase of farmland for more than 100 days and strongly against the government implementation plan," she added.
The incident happened on July 25, in Anhui province, eastern China.
Therefore, he urged the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), which holds the customs and traditions, to pass laws that aim to protect the future.
Heavy rainfall has caused flooding in some parts of Jowai on Thursday.
However, two months after the completion of the road, it was found that it has started to deteriorate and collapse, said the JAC. Dhar Construction Company.
They are rymphai like the clothes of the gods !On the hills I see lnger pa lnger with beauty.
They said that they cannot accept the price that the sellers offer them and they are slightly less, even though they buy at a lower price, because if they don't buy, their visit to Shillong will be in vain. from distant villages; They said that their children have started school.
Shillong: Three members of MEMRIWU have been taken to hospital this evening after suffering from an untimely strike.
Have you really done what you want in your own country or are you just those children who have been burnt???,.
The UDP has announced that it will not contest the Ranikor by-election, where UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has said that it will contest against Bah Pius Marwein and has no further thought. elsewhere.
All three of these accident victims are from Tuber Kmaishnong village.
The Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides will hold a ceremony tomorrow at 12 noon at Pine Mount, Ridge Shillong.
He said that if he reaches his goal, his goal is to develop the youth in jobs according to their talents.
Nongpoh, July 20: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District to ensure the smooth running of the election of People's Leaders for the 2023 elections in the state. 144 CrPC has been imposed to prohibit the smuggling of cash exceeding T.50,000 in Ri Bhoi District.
Everywhere, from schools to health centres, there are still many shortcomings even though the state has been in existence for 50 years.
The Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council said four people were killed in the clashes in Chandpur and Noakhali.
St Anthony's Higher Secondary School managed to score 104 runs for the loss of six wickets in 15 overs.
Even the valleys that used to fall rymphum will shrivel last, that is, before we enter the Synrai season.
England scored six goals while Panama scored only 10 goals.
The party raised this issue during the meeting with the central and state governments on July 24,
“Why don't the day laborers have the right to have their salary reach their bank account? If we, we get it, while others don't, it's a sad thing," she said.
Sohmynting opened the scoring in the 28th minute through Spain Ryngkhlem.
“But when I speak against the party, when I speak to the journalists I don't speak against the party, I will ask for clarification from them on charges of anti-party activities. i did" he said.
The date of the prayer will be on the 13th of this month, Tuesday from 7 pm to 9 pm.
After more than 10 months after the 31st of June, 2023, the work has gone smoothly like a mattah which we have not accepted at all.
There have been high risk and low risk contacts with the person who tested positive for COVID-19 and contact tracing is ongoing.
Shillong, July 12 : The Directorate of Enforcement (DE) has seized money and property from two persons who were arrested since 2015 for allegedly stealing fake certificates in the name of Techno. Global University has received Rs 1.91 crore.
PS Khongbeh said the constituency should go its own way, and the Elaka wants it to be included in the Pynursla civil sub-division according to the announcement made by the government in
We know that this government has taken away the land but it promises that I will restore it after we form the government," he said.
He added that Rajabala is a constituency with very low income and if they implement the money, the people will be happy.
Speaking to reporters, the daughter of the woman, said that the shooting of the woman, was due to the shooting of the arrow, in He used to steal the money of the woman and when the woman said that, he used to take it and slap her with a knife and threaten her with forty kinds of words.
Shillong: The BJP meeting today, led by Bah Ernest Mawrie, was attended by 13 out of 15 members of the office bearers.
True, the robbers can earn money like the robbers in the big cities who earn tens of lakhs, but they don't want to go to the robbery anymore.
Salman has released many films during Eid.
“This is a government that doesn't care about the people, a government that is against the will of the people,” he said. suddenly.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 19: The Rambrai Jyrngam Block Congress Committee (BBC) has started to strengthen the party by holding a public meeting at Langja village on Tuesday. last Saturday.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov and the military said charges against Yevgeny Prigozhin of plotting against President Putin would be dropped and his troops would not be punished. , who are not involved in anti-government activities, will be given jobs, large-scale, by the Ministry of Defense of the Russian government.
However, we must not forget that he is a fighter against the Father and an enemy of man.
Along with other issues, the meeting will discuss how to deal with the salary, 8 month arrear, Direct Personal Account, etc. Once a year, four Honorable MLAs of West Khasi Hills will be invited to encourage and support many of the demands of the teachers through the guidance of visionary leaders. Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) today announced the name of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to contest from Mawkhar-Pynthor constituency for the 2019 MDC election.
Jowai: Three prominent political parties including the KSU-JHDU, FKJGP-JH and HNYF-ER in Jaintia Hills today submitted a petition to the Deputy Chief Minister. Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills.
He said that it is time to change the Reservation Policy but what kind of change we want has not been discussed yet. explain what changes they want in the Reservation Policy and specify which areas to change.
Bah Bring, who is also known as ieid, has been the Chief Minister of Meghalaya for many years and was a leader who never left the national parties until the day of his death.
Once the economy is strong, the economy, others will be strong.
There is nothing that cannot be stopped because God is Lord over all.
Regarding the programme, Bah Alfond Kharsyntiew, said that the purpose of the group is to conduct this training program for the students on agriculture. to explain to the students the importance of agriculture.
The outbreak, which originated in Wuhai, Hubei Province, has reported 3,300 deaths and 81,000 infections. in Hubei Province, there are 3,1
If the announcement of the MDA government comes true, then it is exactly in line with the words of the Lord Jesus in the Gospel according to Luke 23:31, that a tree that has fallen down is no longer valued because it is old. .
The coach of the federation, Ian Vincent, said that the tournament will feature a competition for experienced players from all over the world and those who still need training.
The school, teachers and management of Northern Ri Bhoi College paid tribute to Bah Edward Shadap after he retired as Principal and for serving the school for 33 years. to develop this school for the purpose of providing education and training to the students.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the Minister said that as it is, the price of textbooks should be exactly according to the price printed on the book.
The Dorbar Shnong Saphai Pyllun has urged the visitors to the Kupli River to maintain the cleanliness of the surrounding area.
It is to be recalled that Bah Cherishstarfield was killed while police raided his residence in Mawlai on the morning of 13th July, 2021 and this killing has shocked the people. Mawlai and the entire nation.
The state had a total of 4,94,675 farmers in
But the truth is that no one can force their children to be good or know the day or like forcing a dog to drink water.
The roads in Meghalaya are very unique because they can be cleaned by hand without the need for lyngka or puh shilum.
“We have received a letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs through the Governor of the State on the VAB, which has been returned with points of deficiency.
Eshita Bhattacharjee of St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Shillong came third with 469 marks.
He said that politics should be stopped which will benefit the people of the state and block development works.
Saleng from the Congress received 3,83,919 votes while Agatha from the NPP received 2,28,678 votes.
“If it is implemented backwards, Khasi should get the same posts and Garo should get the same posts. If in the coming months, if there are more Garo, it shows that the implementation has been backwards since 1972,” he said. he said.
Dr. Kevichusa also stressed the need to have a strong spirit in the health care sector and suggested that health care can go beyond health, comfort and improve the quality of life. life.
Houses and vehicles were badly damaged in the blast, the Ukrainian government said, adding that a powerful bomb could destroy the second house, three stories too.
It is said that there are many students from different ethnic groups in terms of language, religion, customs and traditions, but they are brothers and sisters from the unity. love and understanding together to bring about good.
Surprisingly, this Lyngkhat road has been neglected for more than two years and has been continuously cleaned with soil from one season to another until today.
Paid u phlang suffers in this regard especially during the difficult times when patients have to be taken on foot to the nearest hospitals.
Police have cleared the area near Parliament and drove away all the people who came and went and shouted, 'There is still danger'
Therefore, we want to go to Karbi Anglong and West Jaintia Hills and see these same festivals,” he added.
He stressed that the thew should be fair and not false.
“A team of 10 members of the EOU has conducted a thorough investigation into these videos,” police said, adding that those who post or disseminate such videos Videos as part of spreading false news will be subject to strict action.
Two days later, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath, speaking at a public meeting in Meerut, said, “If the Congress, SP and BSP believe in Ali, we are looking at him. Bajrang Bali', and the followers of Bajrang Bali, will never allow them.
Banteidor, after inspecting on 21st November, 2022, said that the water treatment plant was constructed at a cost of Rs 25 lakh under the scheme of the Ministry of Agriculture and added that the water will be supplied. In collaboration with the PHE department, he said that the water supply system will be constructed in such a way that the rainwater will also be supplied. but it will also be for the market which is being prepared to be built in this village.
Shillong: The body of a man who was lyngkrang on the ground with his motorcycle was found at around 10 pm this morning.
If there are shortcomings, they need to be corrected and the government should take action on this because this is a law introduced by the state government and if changes are introduced in some parts, it will be accepted and signed. This bill is the Lat of the state.
The South African Ministry of Agriculture has warned farmers across the country of the threat of chicken pox and the sale of pylleng could decline significantly in the coming days. This is due to the outbreak of Bird Flu in the country.
The body is currently being treated at Safdarjung Hospital.
He said that it is difficult for the village to prevent the infiltration of foreigners, because the village does not have the authority to do so. “Only the government authorities can do that, we don't have the authority, we want It is difficult to do so to prevent the influx of foreigners,” said Prakash.
One soldier was injured and two army vehicles were damaged when militants attacked them while they were traveling in Namsai, on the Assam-Arunachal Pradesh border, this morning. Everyone.
He said that even the tenders have been called by the departments responsible for these projects whether it is PWD, Tourism or Sports and according to the rules of the NDB the tenders have been called online so that all they have the opportunity to participate.
In a statement, the HNLC through Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw General Secretary has accused the involvement of gangs who have nothing to do with the HNLC. to name the party for extortion and also to take punishment against any groups that take advantage and try to disrupt the ongoing peace talks with the central and state governments.
The rally will start at 12:00 pm where women from different parts of the country will deliver speeches. (CoMSO) will hold a public meeting on the 18th November, 2019 at Iawmusiang, Jowai at 12:00 pm and at Dawki Market at 4:00 pm to raise awareness against the CAA. KSU South Khasi Hills Sohra will hold a public hearing on the 18th November 2019 at Sohra Market at 10 am. to explain the need for the Inner Line Permit (ILP) and to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA)
Bollywood actress Dimple Kapadia, who played Savitri in the web series 'Saas Bahu Aur Flamingo', has spoken on the need for women to show their courage. afraid to act or take up any role in movies or to say what they feel is right or right.
Also present were the Officer Incharge of the Primary Traffic Cell SIKS Lywait and several leaders of the Village.
If we don't ask whom we have chosen, whom else shall we ask? The office of MLA is a public office and not a private office.
He said that in Karbi Anglong, development works flow to the people through the District Councils and the District Council does not inform the government authorities about the development works or projects it does in the absence of the DC of Hamren. know something about this.
We don't know whether the journey was successful or not, but the topic shows that in the political power, the rule of ban on traveling from one State to another, doesn't work at all and However, among the states with the highest number of cases, such as Assam and Manipur.
This is a program to be completed by all schools in the state on the occasion of World No Tobacco Day 2024 according to the order of the State Project Director, SSA & Director of School Education and Literacy, Meghalaya Shillong. .
While the Government authorities have rejected the involvement of the Government in interfering in the choice of individuals' faith and worship, churches and Christian groups continue to face these demands and warnings.
He added that this is one of the biggest problems in these areas where there have been complaints from the school authorities about the dumping of waste from factories, but this has not happened. shaei shaei ruh from the negligence of the authorities in charge of the government.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 5,149 and the death toll has risen to 149, including 25 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The Government should appoint all the staff from Grade IV, Ward attendance, staff nurses' accommodation, public toilets, to expand the building and to provide rooms.
When I take the khulom to write the signs and words for this great day of Kiang Nangbah, I cannot help but turn back to the thymmei longbriew manbriew of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum which says “Im tipbriew tipblei bad Earn the right” .
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Shillong, July 13: The Chairperson of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Supriya Shrinate on Tuesday said that the AITC has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. He said that the AITC cannot be said to be the strongest party in West Bengal and that the AITC cannot be said to be the strongest party in West Bengal. you should focus your attention only there.
With the intention to support and inspire this talented boy,a team was formed under the leadership of Shillong Choice (an agency which buys and sells cars) to visit Rupari at Jirang.
The Supreme Court on 13th July 2018 has directed the Government of India to provide clear answers and fixed a date for the hearing on 31st July 2018 or which is two weeks later.
The medals won by the state wrestlers include three silver and 10 bronze medals.
Those who want to see the beauty of West Khasi Hills can stay in Mawphanlur (Mawthadraishan) and also the lifestyle of the Pnars especially Behdieñkhlam don't have to stay in Shillong but www.villagegetaways.
He also directed the state government to direct the companies and contractors to pay the salaries of the employees in their bank accounts, not just cash.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary of the Union, Riquoma Rq.Laloo, who spoke on the meaning of the Republic Day and congratulated the District Administration, West Jaintia Hills Hills for giving the Union the authority to celebrate the Republic Day. complete this program.
He said that science will be one of the most important in these two sectors and said that Meghalaya will soon become one of the hubs of IT in the coming days and will become a hub for There are currently about 300 BPO positions in the IT Park in the state which have been filled and all of them are from Europe, the United States and developing countries. paper.
Not less than 120 patients come every day from 38 villages while there are only two doctors including one MBBS doctor and one Ayush doctor.
Explaining about the 14 members who have joined the NPP, the MDC and EM of KHADC said that there are many members from other parties who have joined the UDP in Mawthadraishan, but because of the The Party has been appointing or renewing office bearers before the elections. Those who have joined will be known when the office bearers and members are renewed in
The KSU South Central Circle has decided to hold a public meeting on Monday at Pynursla Market regarding the shooting death of a BSF officer in Mawshun.
The Minister said that the PHE department can do this work to supply water to every household and if it is handed over to it, it will know how much water it supplies to the tops and how to supply water to the wells. households in order to avoid drought.
“Not only Dr. Mukul Sangma, we welcome all those who have left the party because the party is not only for Bah Pala, but the party belongs to everyone,” said Bah Pala. the media.
Here too, a heated verbal fight broke out and the police warned the crowd not to disrupt the meeting.
I am also sure that through the initiatives that he has carried out for many decades, whether as a group or on the part of the government, all these will become a great achievement and will help to strengthen it. to the party.
And if we continue to glorify him who attacked us in the past, it means that we are still his slaves today.
Four more people have drowned in the floods and the death toll has risen to
“Today, the Director of Tourism from Odisha together with the seven states of the North East are in Shillong for a meeting on Tourism and the meeting was also broadcast on the Indian Express channel. and the rapid growth of tourism in Meghalaya.
Antonio said that according to the announcement of the state government, the explanation of the tribals is that any scheduled tribe in Meghalaya, and others outside the state, do not receive the the same rights as the mountainous people living in this state.
Therefore, to protect such people, the state government and the relevant departments need to take care of this area because as it is now, many insurgent groups have started. According to the refugees, the behavior of these armed groups has also caused ethnic discrimination especially between the Khasi and Garo people who have lived for decades in the area. region.
As a sign of the opening of this tournament, the Club has prepared prizes for the winners with cash prizes and trophies. The winner will receive Rs.30,000/- and a trophy.
Members of these two organizations handed over all the weapons to the government and placed them before the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma, Minister Zenith Sangma, Bah AL Hek, Chief Secretary Barkos Warjri, DGP Peter PJP Haneman and other dignitaries were also present.
The BJP leader said that three general secretaries of the Mahila Morcha have been appointed according to the proper rules.
In East Khasi Hills, 27 cases including one from the Armed Forces and 26 cases from civilians, 17 cases in West Garo Hills, 8 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 8 cases in Ri Bhoi District. There are 4 cases, one in East Jaintia Hills, one in South West Garo Hills and one in West Khasi Hills.
What the drivers have to do is to clean up the road and lodge a complaint immediately with the Councils, which operate in different villages of the country. They are about 40mm or more and should be printed with a photograph, submitted to these Councils and claim for the construction fee, the vehicle, by taking a written notice from the mechanic and the vehicle. car.
In Jashpur alone, there are 112 dhams which have been operating as primary networks.
Shillong: The Executive Member in charge of Land of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah MN Mukhim, who is also the MDC of Mawkynrew Constituency, has not released the amount of money due to the KHADC. The Central Government has already released the budget for 2021 and
I didn't see any comments on this, but I saw in the newspapers that the NE Frontier Railway department in charge of this project, has announced that it will start looking for land and remove them, so that bring the Railway here.
He said that in Shillong there are more than tens of thousands of water tanks run by the villages, the Municipal, the PHE and various water suppliers.
“Bah Paul needs to be in the state because if he goes to Delhi, there will be a big difference in his place in the state,” said Bah Pyndap.
Speaking to media, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, said that at the meeting held today, 9th June This decision was taken after the increase in the number of cases of Covid 19 in the past few days despite the State Government's efforts to prevent and advise the public to follow the rules. strictly follow the rules to avoid this disease which has affected the state and the world as a whole.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Namdong Unit and Bamkamar Unit have distributed food items to those under quarantine in Namdong and Bamkamar.
Let's start with the elections and the 2023 elections are not far away, so there are many government officials who are still in office and will retire soon or others who will not receive voluntary pension, who intend to retire. in the 2023 elections.
“I feel that all the MDCs need to unite at this juncture for the cause of the district council.
KSU, Moodymmai and Jowai Circle have arrested 10 Bangladeshi suspects from a truck at Thadlaskein on Monday.
It is for this reason that they have time to disturb the village, burn offices, burn cars, shoot people, burn people and commit many crimes and disturb the village, even during school holidays.
On the other hand, he said it may be because the state government is still waiting for a reply from the Election Commission of India (ECI) on its request to the government on the issue of elections. MLA/MDC. Recently, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Law, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh announced in the House that the government has already sent a reply to the ECI on its request for clarification on this issue. work and is currently waiting for a response.
The Rangbah Shnong said that the Assam Rifles have banned the passage of the bridge which has been built since the time of the British.
Police from the two states have already arrived at the scene of the clash in Lailapur, Assam's Cachar district, which borders with Mizoram's Kolasib district.
Without giving a word or a phone call, the priests took Bah Mit to his village to meet with his mother.
Speaking on television, Mishustin asked First Deputy Prime Minister Andrey Belousov to take over as prime minister, which President Vladimir Putin also accepted. to this suggestion.
By the end of the nomination period at 12 noon, only these two MDCs have filed their nomination papers and they will win these two seats.
“From the beginning, when we were in the state for the elections, we said that they are together.
Therefore, we urge the responsible citizens to send themselves to check their health.
The SP (City) of Bah SA Rynjah today said that about 100 policemen have been injured in the stone throwing by the crowd since the beginning of the incident but there are a few who have been seriously injured. give birth.
A Moscow court on Friday ordered the detention of Evan Gershkovich for two months on suspicion of involvement in espionage for the United States.
In the incident, the people inside the vehicle tried to flee and the troops chased them until they caught and arrested seven persons.
Another man who traveled in a market vehicle said that the police had seized the vehicles and asked for a fine on the grounds that they were overloaded. They also threatened to throw lathi bombs at the Gypsy and the drivers of the vehicle fled the scene. The residents of the area had left the area and the police did not arrest them.
“The people should look at the services that the party has given, which will not delay at all because the foundation that the party stands for the people and the HSPDP party has never been shattered. change the nation," he added.
Baan was assisted by Scott O'Donnell, Director of Coach Education and Technical Director of AIFF Academies.
On the allegation that the MDA government has taken this decision because it is afraid of losing the election or this Act will affect the MDA government in the MLA election 2023, the Minister said that the government is right. It has always expressed and will keep its promise to listen to the voice of the people.
We demand that it should be replaced,” said the former CEM of KHADC.
“We Khasi are very emotional,” said Toki. “If you look at the results of matriculation, there are about 60,000 students who have passed and if you look at the jobs. “There are about 500 jobs in the government and these are khalasi, peon, driver jobs. There are no higher jobs,” he said. 55 thousand.
The electricity generation in the state has increased by more than 500% from 60 MW to 353 MW.
“We cannot blame anyone because we don't see, but we have to pray to find out why the incident occurred,” he said. “If this happens, we will have to strengthen ourselves,” said Bah Arwal Rynjah, President Seng Khasi Mylliem.
Shillong, Nailur 18: The T.10 crore house of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma has not had a room for journalists. The MUA-II government held a meeting on Tuesday.
Your duty is to serve salonsar without partiality.
He also congratulated the entire village of Panaliar for their willingness to cooperate in any work that the hospital needs.
Two suspects involved in the kidnapping and murder of Damehipaia Papeng, a taxi driver from Jowai Ladrymbai, have been arrested by the Jowai Police.
So I understand that sometimes we don't understand God's plan.
In addition, 26 militants were captured alive, including Muhammad Abu Ali, deputy commander of Hamas's Southern Naval Division.
He sent a message to his fellow students that “there is no other way to study, but you have to be consistent in your study methods and have a determination to study.
Speaking to Rupang, Titostarwell Chyne said that he, along with Shella MLA Balajied Synrem and Shella MDC Teinwell Dkhar, will meet with the Prime Minister. He came to Garo Hills to discuss the issue of Sohra district.
On Christmas Eve, believers from all over the world gather in this place.
The same is happening now that around the world people have to stay indoors during the lockdown in countries around the world to hide themselves temporarily during this outbreak of corona virus.
Although the ECI will announce the dates tomorrow, it is understood that the elections will be held in many phases across India, except in small states like Meghalaya, where The day of voting shall be 10 days.
He said that there is a shortage of drivers of 22 lakh and this has affected the smooth running of the department.
The fertilizer that comes from the fields is sold to those who need fertilizer.
The members of the committee also include several Ministers, MPs, MLAs, leaders of political parties as well as leaders of civil society organizations.
He later took over the management from Goa and spent nine years winning the 2003 Durand Cup.
Introducing the resolution in the House, Dr Lyngdoh said that the purpose of this scheme funded by the central government is to provide water to the households, but in many villages Even if the water tanks reach the house, the water does not come out of these tanks.
Of the 179 people on board, 19 included children and these were not tested at all.
It is true that the government has set a goal to bring about health for all, but as it is now, this is only in words without action.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday urged schools and colleges to start implementing the sports policy in their schools.
“Now we have provided full education to the students but we have not been able to provide full education to our children and we are very sad.
Two men involved in the rape of a woman and arrested by Bengaluru police have been shot in the leg while trying to escape from police this morning.
Bank officials turned away such people by asking them to start from the date of replacement.
One of the passengers of the auto escaped injuries.
At the same time, he warned the people not to be foolish with money as it would be dangerous if money came to cover the nation.
Sanbor congratulated the Hindu community on their Puja celebrations, which will start soon.
Khliehrymphum, Ladthadlaboh has demanded that the Jowai Municipal Board should immediately stop the construction of the garbage dump otherwise the residents will take other decisions.
This work has been taken up despite the outbreak of Covid 19, many problems have been solved.
After the victory, Carlos Alcaraz has now left for Madrid to compete in the Madrid Masters; which is a sports event in which he still holds the title.
Matthew 24:3-6 is about these things happening, meaning that these things cannot be stopped from happening because God has said – that they must happen like a pandemic, a famine, an earthquake.
At a meeting held at Patharkhmah, the RBFAFA decided to leave for the northern region on the 1st of this month.
They also requested the Governor to set a date tomorrow to meet with them to explain the matter.
The MAG hopes that the Assam authorities will take action on this issue and take the necessary action.
These taxis were fined after operating in Khyndai Lad and Laitumkhrah areas, said SP Traffic Bah NK Syiem.
The hearing of the case will be held on 18th March
When you have a relationship with Kongthei.
Although she didn't reach the goal, this time she expects to play well in order to win the title.
The tournament was opened on 8th October 2021 and 26 teams participated in the men's category and 10 women's category, said Samla Badonbok Malngiang Sports Secretary. KSU Relief Circle.
The FPWD has sent a complaint to the Chairman of the Commission on the 9th of this month and the same complaint has been sent to the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities, Shillong urging them to take strict action. He is the Congress candidate from Sohiong.
The poor will benefit, but the community will lose.
In this country you will be more than that.
Besides the speech by the Prime Minister, the Prime Minister's Secretary Ampareen, Probity Nongpluh, President of the NPP Women's Wing and General Secretary of the NPP East Khasi Hills, Bah Aibor Tynsong also delivered speeches.
As the elders who took part in the struggle for the independence of the state, we are happy and encouraged although no one remembers, but what we have already done is enough for us. , but what remains now is only for these leaders to fight hard for the sake of the border of the state, they added.
In the letter, four MDCs including Martle N Mukhim and Sherborlang Mawlong, Lambor Malngiang, Independent MDC and Batskhem Ryntahiang, Mairang MDC, requested the MDA leaders to please to find ways and means to allow the UDA MDCs to think, express and give their opinions together to elect a leader, not to just give their opinion to the UDP as has happened in recent months. The Executive Committee was appointed.
The JARF leaders had waited for more than 10 hours for the MLAs at the venue, but as they did not arrive, the JARF went on to discuss the decision of the Supreme Court.
On the other hand, the brother of Bah D.Kharthangmaw said that the family members of Bah Ronningson Kharthangmaw have sought ways and means to seek assistance from the state government and the MLA of Sohiong, but till now they have not received. Good news on the assistance of a brother who has been admitted to the Civil Hospital Delhi.
In a meeting with the Director of NEIGRIHMS on 22nd June, the HYC under the leadership of its president Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said that according to the information it has received, there are about 40 to 50 candidates who were appointed for the post of Nursing Officer in the recent recruitment through NORCET may not have joined/reported or have resigned.
“The police department and the district authorities should be vigilant and should patrol from time to time in different parts of the city as the crime is so bad,” he said.
On the other hand, Kyntiewlin Mawphniang together with her relatives, invited the people of Ri Bhoi District to join hands with her and support her for the final of the competition on the 27th of this month. Meghalaya Got Talent by purchasing coupons distributed through the organizers of Meghalaya Got Talent and also to provide support through SMS so that the girl can reach the goal of victory.
On arrival at the Seng Hall, Rgh Hainess Marbaniang, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar, Shillong, took part in the welcome speech and concluded with a mastieh dance in the ground floor of the Seng Khasi Hall.
“I understand that as they are doing this, the expectations are rising.
Shillong, July 28: The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma, on Tuesday expressed his appreciation for the dignity and honor of the Legislators of the State Legislative Assembly.
He also accused the political parties of being friends with the BJP and this is evident when they support the BJP candidate and reject the Congress candidate.
Samla Allfond Kharsyntiew said that the office of thew ka woh is another tool to fight against the kilo cut in the state.
No deaths have been reported from covid-19 in the state.
Block-I and Block-II, the villages bordering Assam are facing the same persecution because the Khasi Pnar people have faced the displacement in their own country just because they are afraid of the Assam. The gunmen of the Assam Police who intimidate the people like the insurgents.
The mother of the shooter was also in the same room but was not shot or injured in the shooting.
He also urged the government to provide police stations in the border area to provide equipment as the lack of weapons is like setting up dangerous statues in the fields to scare birds.
In a statement, the Chairperson of the committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of Law, said, “We have already announced that we will allow to increase the number of members of the committee. The political parties shall elect two members from their own party.
“I don't understand why the government has not been able to implement the demands of the Minister of Education four years ago and if we ask the Minister of Education in the House, the answer is that The government is still examining this issue,” said Bah Himalaya while talking to reporters during a visit to support the teachers who stayed overnight in the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Vice President of the SSA, Bah KS Kubah, in the presence of the Honorary Secretary, Bah SS Rapthap, Assistant Secretary Bah DL Nongbri and other members of the SSA. In the first half, Iaraplang Nongrum scored five goals in the 2nd, 10th, 20th, 73rd & 77th minutes and Nisilia Majaw scored 10 goals. In the second match, PFR Academy beat Mawkriah West SC 16-0 in the second leg of the tournament. The second match will be between Lumparing SC vs Kharang SC at 2:30 pm followed by Mawlai SC vs Iasnohktilang FC at 4:15 pm. /EDGE 10 – SPORTALITY, in collaboration with the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, has announced the resumption of the Elite Pathway Training 2nd Camp, which was held on the 17th and 19th July at JN Stadium, Polo. Shillong.
He said the total number of voters in the Final Rolls was 22,17,100, an increase of 30,949 voters compared to the 21,86,151 voters during the period. The Draft Rolls will be released on
No date has been set for the resumption of the tournament in India.
It is understood that at this meeting, the Rangbah Shnongs will also take a decision on how to proceed on this issue.
He explained that this is a collaboration between the departments of Social Welfare, Health and Family Welfare, Education and Community and Rural Development.
These students are studying in the 4th Semester, who will study in the 5th Semester, the last semester to complete their studies.
Chyne explained that the decision to reject this is because if the number of seats in the District Councils is increased, it will affect the availability of land in the constituencies and also the budget of the district councils. the Council which can affect the salaries of the employees, because the income of the Councils is too low.
One of the village leaders of Malki village, Bah Junestar Kharbuli, said that the body of a child who was burnt to death in the Malki forest was found by the villagers. They live in Lumparing and pass through this forest.
The contradiction between the State Reservation Policy and the Roster System currently in force needs to be resolved.
On the other hand, the District authorities have already ordered the contractors to suspend the work until they can ensure that there will be no impact on the drinking water supply. cleansing of the garbage.
He also gave an example that in the sale and purchase of land in the dulir, the landowners must sign and that too must be signed by the husband and wife and if the children are given a share in the dulir of the father. and the mother shall sign together.
These phones are used to communicate with smugglers.
I insist that I am not a Hindu and I am not from India.
“He said that it has suggested to the government to set up two more crematoriums, not in the city, but in the suburbs and Regarding the burial grounds for the deceased, the Dorbar Shnongs do not have burial grounds and have to seek permission from various churches.
During the inspection, the Syiem said that he will send a letter to the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, to urge him to send officers from the District Council, to inspect the site. The road has been illegally constructed by Assam, as it is still under the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
After that, the vehicle drove very fast and went straight to the place where the people were waiting for the bus.
The low birth rate has severely affected North Korea's population and the shortage of population in the country has encouraged North Korea's dictator Kim Jong Un to He urged the women to fight hard to end this infertility.
He also urged the people that as candidates they have made many promises before the elections and now when they have won they should go and remind and seek them to fulfill them.
These weapons were allegedly hidden by Sohan D. Shira while he was alive and while the GNLA was still in power in Garo Hills.
Earlier, a Cycle Rally was held from Don Bosco College, Byndihati to Good Shepherd Secondary School, Ladrymbai and back to Don Bosco College.
Of these 23 cases, 7 cases were reported in Ri-Bhoi District, 5 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 4 cases in East Khasi Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills and 1 case in West Khasi Hills. in North Garo Hills.
"Furthermore, he said, “We must live according to the Spirit.
Two children were evacuated while stillborn after the room caught fire and 12 others who were about to give birth were sent to other hospitals after the incident.
So far, the team has reached different parts of East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Once again, the Meghalaya High Court has strongly criticized the state government regarding the existence of illegal coal mining factories and illegal mining of coal in the state.
He said that it is for this reason that the state government will have to be very careful in the use of funds.
“We are firmly fighting against the misuse of the Constitution and the rights of elected state governments.
The song was recorded and arranged by KitzB Prince Sari and sung by KitzB Prince and Ibanlumlang Kyntla.
After receiving requests from the district authorities, the Trishakti Corps of the Indian Army rushed to the village to release all the tourists who had been stranded. stop in the middle of the road.
Earlier, the Minister informed that the registration will take some time and will be followed by the inspection of the sites.
The ceremony will be held at 7:00 pm at the gate of Lum Sohpetbneng by the Elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Shillong at 7:00 pm. 10:30 am.
“We will be with the people from the first day we decided to come forward.
The Opposition Leader also questioned the Minister in charge of Land Department on the incident at New Balakhawa where Bah Michael Warji, Secretary Hima Nongspung, was arrested. see that he will say something on this matter.
Out of the 6.335 km of roads connecting to Nongkhlaw in West Khasi Hills which are also newly constructed roads including the cleaning for the Synod Samla in 2023 in Nongkhlaw, only More than 20 km have been found to have been completed.
So, Mom Sponge fell to the floor, and Dad Sponge rose on the head.
We sent them along with our best wishes and hope to hear interesting stories about them.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sawkmie said, “Since the implementation of this Organic Mission, it has caused a huge loss to the farmers from 2014 to this year.
Cooking Oil -1 liter per 6 customers.
The MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, has already sent a letter to the Trauma Center in 2020. The Trauma Center has been opened since Speeches were made by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and also to the Prime Minister who promised to open the Trauma Centre.
“We will sit down and take other measures even to meet the Governor to give his opinion on the action of the EC,” said Titosstarwell.
Speaking on the occasion, Das said that if the drivers do not provide proper documents such as driving license, they can be arrested by the police if they conduct checking but do not can only be applied to those who have the necessary documents.
He also urged everyone not to look down on those who have fallen into the chains of drugs but to help encourage them to return to the right path.
“Initially they said to discuss the roster and now when it was clarified they have brought another issue,” said Conrad.
“To eradicate corruption, we must force the government to introduce this independent law, and this can be achieved through the cooperation of the people,” said Bah Syiem.
“Remember that teachers are the builders of the future of the nation and the state but if we don't respect teachers it is useless to sit on the throne because we the leaders of the people are like this. They also demanded in the House that the government should give adequate promises for the future and benefits of the teachers so that they will no longer have to strike but to focus on the training of the teachers. Process T Sawkmie concluded.
Dr Mukul congratulated the Chief Executive Members who have lodged a complaint against the Meghalaya government for signing an MoU with Assam without consulting the landowners and residents especially those from the rural areas. border.
The heavy rainfall has caused severe damage to the crops cultivated by the farmers of these two blocks.
Meghalaya has reached the final round in the last 4-5 years.
That the rest of the prophecy of the Word of God might be fulfilled.
In the past five years of the MDA government, it has been the government's goal to create other income generation opportunities and thus various existing missions have been launched,” he said.
Regarding these incidents which happened in Mylliem and Marbaniang two months ago, the two elders said that they are not people from the village or from the church, but it is suspected that they have to be foreigners who had come to rob and flee, and there was no evil suspicion or hatred of anyone in the town.
Don't wait for healing until you get sick.
Here we see the pure and sincere spirit of our Khasi rangbah who is willing to sacrifice his whole life for the good of his family even though he doesn't get anything for himself, wealth. the phew is the son of the kti.
His wound bled heavily and after being separated, the wound disappeared.
“It is on this basis that we as the children of the Hima, we are sorry and regret that not only this Hima has been blamed but all the results, the rule of law has made us rule alone. "It's just the King," said Bah Edira.
So far, the talks have been going on and Pakistan will take its matches to stadiums that have not been on either side and Bangladesh has been offered. now as one of the playgrounds for competitions.
Because as a lawyer, she said she wants to do something good for Pakistan and also wants to spend time at home with her children and relatives.
Even the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has sent a letter to the AICC recently saying that the BJP party in the state has tried to overthrow the Congress-led government.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : U BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah and former Minister of State, Bah AL Hek on Monday said that as there is a Modi government in Delhi, so it will be in Meghalaya. he shall be the Chief Minister of the State.
After forming the GNLA, Champion said his life changed and he stopped smoking cigarettes and drinking alcohol.
He said that in relation to the Nongstoin Constituency, he hopes that the youth who are the future of the constituency will rise high in all aspects.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly, the President said the government should call for talks with the political parties because the political parties or groups have a role to play in shaping the society.
Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Kerala and other states are the hot spots, according to the Indian government. These people should not enter the village now and then others from other states should not enter and leave.
Meghalaya, which used to send doctoral students to schools across the country every year, may lose the allocation through the State Government if it becomes clear that the Government The State has gone ahead to build a medical school in the State.
These athletes who were honored on the occasion include Magareth Pathaw, Donald Rymbai, Skhemlang Suba and Albinus Rongpeit.
The objective of reaching ODF Plus India is a major goal and ensuring sanitation and clean water will be an ongoing task.
When listening to the voice of the UDP, it was understood that he was angry that his name was not included as a ticket applicant. The reporter asked him whether he will continue to support the UDP or leave. “In fact, I am not a member of the UDP but when I apply for tickets I have to join as usual. color or" he said.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung Border Area led by its Chairman, Bah Blikshon Sohtun and the KSU Eastern Border Area led by its President, Bah Banjop Maring together with the leaders of the KSU Sabuda Unit have lodged a complaint with the KSU Eastern Border Area. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has opposed the proposal to implement the electricity distribution scheme in Sabuda. on 13th November 2022 at Sabuda Village.
He said that the VPP in the coming days will send a letter to the government in this regard.
Shillong: The Congress on Tuesday said that the Nyay Yatra protest is to expose the corruption and misuse of government departments by the BJP government for its own benefit.
Pyndap also expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area, Nujorki Sungoh, who has donated to the Center in the past few days.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today said that although the state is still increasing the number of cases of Covid-19, the state government will not close schools in the country. state, but will take all necessary measures to protect the students from the spread of Covid-1
Shillong, Naitung 07: Mawlai SC have qualified for the semi final of the Shillong Sports Association's Women's League (SWL) 2013 for the first time since last year. and Lumparing SC from Group-A after winning the match at Madan Third Ground Polo.
The meeting was held to remind the DC of the check post at Saphai and Khanduli West Jaintia Hills and also to seek clarification on the progress of the work. When asked for clarification from the District Chief Minister, he said that he has already arranged to hold a meeting with the District Task Force and other relevant departments. see this issue on 3rd May 2019, for a discussion of the topic.
They did exactly what he commanded.
Only the synsar and the merchants came to buy from the village.
To those whom God has spoken, they are eternal yes and amen.
If we too, if we want to become owners of the land of other countries, it will be difficult for us to get the right of ownership as we have here in our own country like Lakadong, because he does not own the land. , so he can't grow up either.
This traditional song sung by the youth of the KJP Synod Standing Choir has impressed the believers of various churches especially the believers in Nagaland.
It was in 2020 that they were knocked out of the tournament for the first time and returned to the tournament for the first time as the champions of the 2nd Division.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Cabinet Minister, has been promoted to the post of Deputy Chief Minister.
It is learned that near the shop there were two women who had covered their faces and used their mobile phones. One of the friends of Krehbha called the police and the police arrested them. Lad Rymbai Beat House Police have taken them to Beat House for investigation and after investigation they have been released. no one else.
Similarly, for daughters who intend to marry alone, the Dorbar Ing by the authority of the Rangbah Son may decide how to decide on this.
In another game, Arsenal came out with the same goal and desire as they did last season, when they beat Nottingham Forest 2-1 .
Later, the complainant received a phone call from the car dealership and understood that the car was bought in her name without expressing her opinion.
This decision was taken by the Government at the Cabinet meeting on the COVID-19 pandemic in the State.
In this regard, the Government has decided to build a 2.5 acre plot of land at Cotton Bishop Road where the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) office is located. To relocate them from Mawlong Market, it has asked the government for 200 square meters of land for each household, to provide fees for the construction of shaki houses and to provide them with land in the European Ward.
At the meeting, Bah Vanshang Buhphang Chairman of the SSSS, said, “We came to serve, not to be masters” and said that there are now more than 200 youth organizations in the SSSS. Chatri of the SSSS and said that the SSS, is responsible for all the youth, is responsible for the nation and he also explained that the youth these days, very few pass the Civil Service examinations and the The aim of the organization is to produce young people to sit for these examinations.
When asked whether they have gone to the department in charge of the fire in the village, he said that they have said that the transformer is missing.
In this fight, it was witnessed that the HYC not only came down to curb the spread of drugs in different parts of the Khasi Hills and to arrest those involved, but also came forward. also to assist in the provision of counseling and treatment to those who are addicted to drugs.
Shillong: The occupancy of hospital beds with Covid-positive patients in Meghalaya has continued to increase to 20 percent.
The festival was decided to be held after the discussion of the Waheh Shnongs of Pynthorsale, Mukhaialong, Mutong, Cham Cham and Lumshymrmit together with the people to revive the festival.
He said that the voice of the KHADC should come out loudly so that the world will know and see.
The last ceremony was the 'Slait' which was combined with wrestling.
The accident of the pick-up may have been due to the bad road and darkness on the night of the 13th of this month.
“There are those who want to arrest me just because I help you,” said Bah Dasakhiat while speaking at the confirmation ceremony of the new office bearers of the NPP Nongkrem Block held at Lad Nongkrem.
In a statement, the CSWO, President Agnes Kharshiing, invited the people of the state to join in the 10 hour rally from 6 to 7 pm to protest against the crimes. attack on small children.
We also express our regret that we have to pay for light every month, while we get light only 10 or 15 days a month and we pay full light bill.
Shillong: The West Garo Hills District Court in Tura has ordered a magisterial inquiry into the case of BJP Vice President Bernard N Marak.
On the part of the Ngunraw Church leaders, they welcomed the Assembly and invited all the brothers and sisters from other churches and non-Christians to attend the Assembly. to experience the blessings through the Word of God.
It was in 1862 that Kiang Nangbah was elected as the leader of the fight against the British and Kiri Dhar as the leader and spokeman of the Jaintia Durbar.
The people should remember that during the times of strong opposition to uranium mining, many political parties have emerged as agents of the State Government.
He said he had nothing to do with supporting the movement of the cow market from Khanapara to Byrnihat.
(DBL) in collaboration with USHA International of Silai School has been able to assist about 100 women from poor families in income in rural areas of Assam and Meghalaya.
At the same time, the VPP leader warned the police, who allegedly involved in the attack on the MLAs on the first day of the protest.
The Minister said that the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma in 2014 when there was a ban on coal mining by the NGT did not do anything but until the NGT came. The MDA government in 2018 has taken the matter before the court and now the court has allowed the resumption of coal mining in the state in compliance with the NGT rules. Referring to MeECL, the Chief Minister said that the government has taken all the necessary measures to improve it.
CHAPTER – 6In the middle of June, a poster was put up in the village to hold an awareness program and to explain the benefits of starting a business and to find ways to improve it. task.
After receiving the complaint, the Rynjah PS police immediately conducted a search operation and arrested the foreigner who committed these crimes even in public places.
This is especially true for Christians because even if the BJP or the Congress comes to power, the UCC will come, and this issue is not against both the political parties.
Jowai, July 24: The Dorbar Shnong Mukhla Nongrim has strongly condemned the robbers who tried to kill Waheh Joit Singh Suna, who holds the post of Chutia in the Seiñ Raij Nangbah.
“This is our country, not yours, why should we speak Hindi? We speak Kannada in our own country when you come here,” said the rickshaw driver.
Senior leaders of the party, including Pannerselvam, Natham R Vishwanathan, Vaithilingam and Edappadi K Palaniswami, tried to meet her at the jail today. The jail authorities did not allow her to meet him and did not allow government officials from Chennai to meet her. , led by former Chief Secretary and Government Advisor Sheela Balakrishnan.
She kept secret what Babu was saying to her.
KSU General Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that after a meeting with the MPSC officials on Tuesday, the KSU cannot allow and the government should clarify.
He said that through this Easter Sunday, the people will be prepared for the second coming of the Lord Jesus and to be prepared for life.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong of Mission Compound, Bah GS Basan, congratulated and praised the MDC for his hard work in the past 4 years to achieve the goals of the villages. who has been working with the Dorbar Shnongs from time to time.
The recruitment is especially during the pre-election period.
The total number of cases has now reached 1,01,87,8
Other office bearers include Dr. Juwesh Binong as Joint Secretary and Dr. Jacqueline J. Thabah as Treasurer.
“Those who are still attached to the traditional religion, the saying goes, love yourself, don't respect others.
Those who have contacted me in the past 2 days should be vigilant and tested.
Because of the youth of the country, the parents, let us eliminate this old system. jaw the people.
N Das, Assistant Director PE & Sports and others were also present.
The VPP will elect the office bearers from now on after the elders have purchased the forms to strengthen the MDC elections to be held in June,
“The 125.20 km Rishikesh-Karnaprayag Rail Line has been implemented by the Narendra Modi government at a cost of Rs 16,200 crore.
“This power outage has affected all aspects from the livelihood of many people and has also affected the students especially during this examination period,” he added.
He said Meghalaya is 50 years old, but sadly it is still a state with many poor people.
At such a time when the income of the JHADC is low, but mineral resources such as coal and oil are stolen and revenue is lost.
They also harvest every five or six days.
If this happens, I don't know what will happen, because when the Seng Bhalang asked for the ILP, the BJP said it would not provide a railway, which would destroy the forests, hills and rivers. type by type.
" How can you be stronger than you are?
She passed away on March 27, 2020 at 3:55 pm.
“If they illegally occupy this area, the state government will have to appeal to the Civil Court and the Civil Magistrate. I'm going to kill you," he said.
He said that police force has been strengthened to monitor the movements of the MLA after the threat.
Believe, “For sin shall not have dominion over you: for ye are not under the law, but under grace” (Romans 6:14).
Shillong: On the last day of the Shad Suk Mynsiem Tournament, not only in Jaiaw, but also in Khyndailad, the Ksing, Nagra and Tangmuri of the Khasi Khara were performed. An LED screen has been installed at this venue to accommodate all the visitors who did not have the opportunity to take part in this tournament.
Mulang Ialong Sports Club and Dulong Sports Club have qualified for the final of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament sponsored by West. Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shillong: The day laborers of the Meghalaya Sport Council, have announced that they will continue their strike, which started on the 27th of last month to demand the government to increase the the wages of their days.
“This allocation of 15,000 tyngka per hectare to protect water sources is to encourage the villagers to protect the forests and surrounding areas,” he said.
These two teams will face each other in the final which will be played on the 3rd June at 2 pm at Malki Stadium.
Meanwhile, the Third Division tomorrow will be the last match of the first division.
The State of Meghalaya, which has its own unique land management customs and traditions inherited from our ancestors, is now in danger in terms of land management.
The Chief Forest Officer, JHADC and former Waheh Shnong of Khimusniang Frankie Well Blah in the presence of the President of the Union of Wahhnongs of Jowai, Jlan Kupar Rymbai was the chief guest. .
However, in an interview with the management of the Society, they said that they are helping these children to be trained for three months and after that, they can work.
In this regard, the director of DSEL wanted to get a detailed report from all the sources before correcting the error and taking a final decision.
The subject of Computer Science will be held on the same day as the subject of Vocational. The examination has been postponed due to the public holiday in East Khasi Hills District.
He also took the initiative to revise and improve the dictionary written by Msgr.
The SMEA has already held a two-day strike but has not received any response from the government.
Upon seeing the statue of Bah Kwi, Rupang was able to talk to him.
A ceremony was held to thank the Lei Long Raid for taking care of all the children of the thousands so that they will be healthy and prosperous.
The HYC wants to say that as a party they have no right to mislead the people and at the same time Ministers or MLAs have no right to force what is wrong.
He does not think of such a life on earth.
From the start of the match, Shillong Lajong were able to beat Sawmer and scored the first goal in the 14th minute through Deibormame Tongper.
Recently, the women's compound team of Avneet Kaur, Muskan Kirar and Priya Gurjar and the recurve team of Ridhi, Komalika Bari and Ankita Bhakat won bronze medals.
The SP City said that police have recovered a 9mm Pistol, a Magazine and four 9mm bullets from the three persons, along with a cash value of T.6666 tyngka. They were robbed and destroyed by the Thongni Government.
Regarding the Trauma Center, Ms Ampareen said that the work has progressed smoothly after the inspection. She said that the Trauma Center needs to be completed especially since it has along the National Highway, because many accidents and other incidents happen every day and the hope that the trauma center will be operational has made it easier and will be a blessing to the people and also the speed of construction of the office. u DMHO in Nongpoh to provide convenience to the employees as well as the public.
The incident should be seen from all sides".
It is understood that the BJP government will work hard to pass the CAB at this juncture to grant Indian citizenship to non-Muslims in Bangladesh. , Afghanistan and Pakistan.
He said that as a representative of the Nigerian Embassy in Delhi, he has visited the Nigerian citizens imprisoned in Shillong Jail and Jowai Jail. They were released from the case and were ordered to return home according to the orders received from the Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District. The Foreign Affairs of the State has not received any information from the Nigerian Embassy.
The Animal Husbandry office was also damaged by the earthquake.
“As a Chief Minister, I don't have to be a Minister but we are here to serve the people in whatever capacity we have,” he said.
The TMC has acknowledged that the scheme will create up to 3 lakh jobs for the youth in the state in the next five years. Those aged 21 to 40 years will also receive a monthly allowance of T.1000 if the party comes to power in the state.
The winners of the competition were Bobby Lyngdoh, Mc Enbok Khyllep, Benedict Shabong, Garry B. Lyndem, Amit Saraf, Ganesh Rai, Radharanjan Chakravarty, Mewanpynhunlang Diengdoh, Sanu Das, Mewanshwa Uriah, Alisha Jefferson V and Alisha Lyngdoh. Priest.
I express my deep gratitude to the MDA Government for the willingness of the MDA Government to set up a Checking Point at Byrnihat which started today; I have been very pleased with many of my friends who have phoned me about this when they have seen that the Government has done the right thing, because even the Government of India has banned non-essential travelers from travelling. I'm sorry for this time of death.
In the city, he saw that even when they were on leave, they were playing muja in the fields or on the streets of the village.
For the land within the Municipal areas, the Government has laid down the necessary rules, but for those outside the Municipal, the Village Authorities need to think carefully to avoid problems later.
The expulsion of Mission players gave Nongdawah a 2-1 lead at the end of the first half.
The khwai pung is also for people who don't know how to khwai, because it is easier to khwai.
“Once again we remind and request the State Government as well as the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through your office to upgrade the Umkiang Primary Health Center (PHC) to a Community Health Centre (CHC), " says the petition.
He urged the WCU authorities to work hard for the development of the university.
The corruption of politicians is one reason, while the corruption and extortion of village headmen is another reason.
“It is a place where there is a lot of corruption, and the MDCs there take it as their own property,” said Ma Bait.
“If this government listens to this action of the central government, it means that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been intimidated,” he said.
We should not look down on drug users and treat them as criminals but we should treat them as sick and in need of our help to get rid of this scourge,” he said. When asked, the KSU Leader said that there needs to be the will of the State Government to introduce new measures to protect uniformed personnel (Police) from having links with drug traffickers.
He said that the village authorities respected their faith and did not do anything but went to comfort them at the place where the body was.
Meanwhile, Raliang MLA Comingone Ymbon and Wailadmiki Shylla hoisted the flag and received the National Salute at Shangpang and Amlarem.
“At present, we don't know who are the owners of the shops or the owners of the land and who is the shopkeeper.
“We expect the candidates for the 2023 elections to promise one to bring about the implementation of the land without the approval of the competent authority,” he said. The Meghalaya Land Transfer Regulation Act, 1971 to protect the land and the border,” said the statement.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District has announced that food shops and other shops recognized by the government will be opened from 12th to 16th July 2020 in Shillong and surrounding areas.
According to a police source, after receiving a tip on the presence of people who were trying to smuggle drugs into the state, the police conducted a raid near Byrnihat Police Station.
At the meeting of the union held on the 20th of July in Shillong , the union said that the coal mining industry has been in the state for a long time since the time of the British government M/S English & CO was established in Sohra and Borsora during the reign of Langngad Singh, Syiem of Langrin Hima. Sohra and also the shun, she said that after the withdrawal of the British government since 1947, this work has been continued by the state owners until today.
Hi Mynsngat scored the first goal for SCSC Nonglatem through Heltwis Pyrtuh in the 45th minute and Living Suja in the 60th minute.
There are two types of symbols: one is straw yellow. This plant is usually planted in soils that are more fertile.
Thank you, Secretary, Jowai Civic Awareness Committee, Jowai.
Conrad said that Mukroh village falls under Meghalaya and the Assam government has no right to set up a Beat House, Out Post or Border Out Post within the state border.
Therefore, the union demands that the state government especially the education department should take action on this issue so that it will be for the benefit of the students of the school.
As soon as they finish their work, they are in bed or on the balcony playing lodu games and watching youtube.
“We see that through the encounter with Jesus the tax collector has become a new person, therefore, we need to meet Jesus every moment so that we can turn to repentance,” he said.
The DC said this after a meeting of the FKJGP at his office in Jowai on 07/07/2022 led by President Shlur Mukhim, Asst.Secretary. Kynsai M Khonglah, Organizing Secretary of FKJGP West Jaintia Hills District and Wompher Wann President of FKJGP West Jaintia Hills District have requested for the immediate provision of electricity to the village which has been in darkness for many months.
“The Assam government has found it difficult to read the documents submitted by Meghalaya and for that reason, it has been slow to respond to our letter,” he said.
Bodoland Territorial Region (BTR) Leader Pramod Boro on Tuesday appealed to members of the Kamtapur Liberation Organization (KLO) to come and take part in the protest. they do not negotiate peace with the state government.
Ravi gets 1/2
“Look how Conrad Sangma without being an MLA has been able to lead the state and until now he has been able to lead the state.
This year we started from July and so far, we have found 320 drugs but we have seized 181 drugs,” said SP East Khasi Hills, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger.
“As an MLA, I have to follow the decision taken at the meeting,” he said.
The Supreme Court today dismissed both the cases and prompted Rakbirthson D. Sangma and Tapan Jyoti to dismiss the cases against the sale of coal in in the state of Meghalaya.
Mark will raise these cows on the island of Hawaii, in a place known as Kauai.
The Central Government has informed the State Government on Friday through a letter sent by the Rural Development Department in Delhi.
Although the players of Smit tried with their skills to turn the tide, but the two goals strengthened the players of Umphyrnai and they didn't score only with these two goals. but she was able to shake the jar once more.
Not only the ministers, the doctors, the officers...but also the rich people like to insult and insult.
Through this, it was found that many people were involved when they sent handcuffs to those who wanted to go to Meghalaya.
These timber mills operate as furniture on the outside, but inside they operate as large sawmills by using timber mills to export to the state to earn money in the border areas with Assam. Those from Meghalaya can easily trade to Assam through Jirang.
Smt.
NEHUTA did not attend the meeting convened by the VC today as a sign of protest against his actions.
All people in the home, in the village and in the Church also feel happy when they meet and meet the above.
My childhood and the time I spent in India flash through my mind from time to time.
The price of transportation by boat and small or large boat is also high.
Earlier, the Court received a report from the Director of TERM, NE-1, Kulwinder Kumar, who said that he did not have sufficient information on the radiation levels in the houses. Mobile phones and other equipment used to measure radiation.
According to the young woman, who did not want to be named, the man promised to get her a government job and also admitted that he works as a soldier.
The Union therefore invites and invites all the residents of Tyrna Elaka (Tyrna, Lumsohphie, Mawshamok and Nongthymma) who live in Shillong and those who are still in Shillong. Please note that you are the son of the Tyrna Elaka or Tyrna Sirdarship.
“If the leaders are brave and courageous, they should come forward to lead the people to work and ask for adequate security forces, so that the people will not back down no matter what happens. " he said.
Shullai said he had met with Bah Hek to discuss the matter today.
He saw the second tree.
He was injured in the stomach and was taken to Dr. Norman Hospital Jowai for treatment.
Out of the 14 offices of SDSEOs in the state, 13 of them have already distributed the arrears by various SDSEOs since June and July 2019, except for Shillong is the headquarters of the state.
The PMGDiSHA scheme is a scheme of the Central Government to provide computer training for those aged 14 to 60 years.
Meghalaya will play its matches in Jaipur and the team will leave Shillong on Tuesday.
He said that this place is attractive for the development of tourism but the prime minister has promoted tourism only in Shillong but has not done anything in the rural areas.
And if the fourth world war starts from Israel or Jerusalem, it will be a disaster for the world and even the UN will not be able to stop this war.
Pynursla: The Hynniewtrep Youth Riwar Mihngi Circle (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle in a statement has questioned the leaders of the Pynursla Tourist Association (HYC) after their statement in the media why the HYC did not come to them just because The Association stands on the ground to inform the authorities after the meeting and found by the people about the problems regarding the fare, the Association asks whether they are the leaders of the Association, who have to tell or ask. speak to them before expressing or answering the questions of the people.
Import of Sulfurized Urea Gold; to fill the sulfur deficiency in the soil and reduce the cost of farming. One of the steps in this process is the introduction of the first sulfur-containing urea in the country.
Wat went to Leh like that.
He said the party has not opposed the appointment of Prestone Tynsong as the former Symbud Myntri Rangbah, but it is the NPP which has already decided that Conrad K Sangma will become the new Chief Minister. the Chief Minister of the State.
Regarding the arrest of a woman who appeared in the photographs to be involved in the sale of drugs, Bah Embhahlang said that the woman who was arrested by the police, She has been arrested in the past for selling drugs in these places.
The BJP MDC said the BJP has respected the order of the Delhi leaders to support the upcoming Lok Sabha elections by canceling the nomination. Sanjay Sangma MLA Mahendraganj MLA Mahendraganj's speech at the meeting which the CM also attended has affected the feelings of the BJP supporters especially those residents who They are Hindus in Garo Hills.
They are against the removal of the SP of East Jaintia Hills, as he has been in office for only 10 months.
“Mynne went to see you.
Saralin Mylliem Umlong, 45, resident of Umlyngka, EK Hills.
Mawlai constituency has 50,000 voters and Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah constituency has 17,000-18,000 voters.
U Bah Staising Kharbteng was the chief guest and in his speech he said that the existence of this training center is a blessing to the youth of the area. Take the opportunity to come for training at this training center for the benefit of their future, especially as they live in the era of technological change where changes will come constantly and if they don't accept the changes, the loss will be theirs.
The Chief Minister said that T.1.75 crore has been urgently allocated for the construction of a dam on the Umngi River and besides this, the DPR for the construction of a dam to prevent the flooding of the Umngi River has been sent to the Central Water Commissioner of the government. The middle of the proposal is T.111.85 crore.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 3: The availability of foreign traders who sell tar items in each village such as shylliah, kombor, shet tiar tiew items, clothes and others, has increased. “It's a job that hasn't happened yet,” said Bah R.Syiem, one of the elders of Riangdo.
They cut off the bodies and took them twice to Meghalaya for disposal.
For this purpose, the Association urges the State Government to provide 10 plots of land for the construction of the Indoor Sport Facility and the Association also invites the traders and companies to come forward to join hands and cooperate with the Association to support. and promote badminton players.
At the same time, police are investigating to arrest the suspect who fled the scene immediately after committing the crime.
Pakistani police are also tracking about 1,000 other PTI members involved in the incident and who are still at large.
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, said that yesterday, the Prime Minister felt ill and left the office early.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Four residents of Mukroh village have been shot dead in Shillong and parts of Khasi Hills. This has affected not only the traffic, the market but also the ATMs which has affected the people because they cannot withdraw money.
Paying tribute to the Indian troops, who are fighting against the enemy, Modi said, "In these times of conflict, you are the defenders of our country. “Your courage is more than the height of the land you have.
They alleged that the management has also lied by showing that there is Rs 6 lakh in the account when only the salary to be paid to the employees has not been paid.
I am still applying for permission to become an Indian citizen.
The opposition to cutting down trees for the construction of roads is something we cannot understand.
On the other hand, Bah Ronnie said that his statement is not to criticize the EM or the EC but to ask for clarification from the EM whether it is true or not. money by the council.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said the government has not yet decided to name and set up a Block Office separate from Mylliem. Block.
The use of white paper was seen to erase the names of some policemen involved in the shooting death of the former leader of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
Besides, the DPR of the Western Bypass has been completed immediately and this has been looked after by the NHIDCL. “I hope that through these two new roads, it will help to improve the traffic besides the dam.
The Balat road from Mawpen road to the east has been constructed in the last 2 and 3 years by the PWD Road department, but the road inside our village, no one looks, no one sees.
In this incident, one of the trucks collapsed while the other truck collapsed.
The union demands that the Government especially the police department should take action on this incident and arrest those mynder immediately.
“This visit to Garo Hills shows that the MDA government is looking at Meghalaya only for West Garo Hills and not for other parts of the state,” he said.
A 68-year-old man from the Philippines, who tested positive for the virus, has recovered later; He died in Mumbai today, the third death in the city.
Hundreds of women from Self Help Groups (SHGs) under the Cluster Level Federation (CLF) Jakrem participated in the rally cum awareness programme which started from Khundom Market and ended at Umjarain Market. They proclaim the scriptures, saying, “The wine is a poison, it destroys those who drink it”.
This measure was taken to prevent the public from throwing plastic items as it pollutes the environment.
We don't know why the leaders of the state at that time didn't wait until they got the state before implementing this quota.
On the other hand, God wants us to do what we ask for.
Regarding the border issue, the union strongly demands that the state government should proceed with an understanding according to the voice of the people. In the past, the party has not hesitated to take other measures together with the people for the protection of the land of Meghalaya, he added.
These experts explained their skills in an interesting seminar conducted by Dr. Sukjai Swer, Head of Khasi Department PG Section, Sankardev College.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,89,96,473, the death toll to 2,123 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of deaths to 3,51,3 day, the lowest compared to the previous 47 days.
The suspects, who have been arrested since 5th October 2015, are Sanjeev Kumar and his wife Puja Srivastava.
The police said that the incident which happened on the midnight of the 7th of this month was due to a clash between two groups.
“These bridges have not been constructed yet which has caused problems to the school children of this area during the rainy season,” said Marak. This will lead to the loss of lives of school children who have to cross rivers at the risk of their lives to reach school or drop out of school during the rainy season.
Portugal, who are top of Group H with seven points, have reached the round of 16, in all three matches Portugal have not suffered a single defeat They will not play in the World Cup in Qatar this year.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the New Year message of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-II Government is to dedicate body and soul for the sake of bringing about more development projects. to provide better services to the people.
In the Inter Schook category, Ridahun Taro of St. John's Secondary School Jyntru won the best athlete category while Obadaiah Law of Mount Olive Secondary School Kyrdemkulai won the best athlete category. Sibilda Maring of St. Paul Higher Secondary School Nongpoh won the title of Best Athlete in the U16 Girls category. Anushka Mahjong of Auxilium Umpohliew Secondary School, Mawtnum won the Best Athlete category in the U18 Boys category and Friendly Klein of St. Joseph Secondary School Umden won the Best Athlete category in the U18 Girls category. He won the best athlete title in the U18 Boys category.
"“If the State Government does not have any discrimination and if it sends these languages ​​from the State and relies on the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government to look after the status of these two languages, The Khasi language will not have any shortcomings.
Ri-Bhoi District came second with 27 gold, 22 silver and 30 bronze medals after East Khasi Hills. you came to the first rank.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU as well as NEHUSU has accepted the proposal to meet with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof PS Shukla on Friday to discuss the issue. Discuss the 9 issues raised.
In SSA schools there are 420 vacant teacher posts of which 102 are in Lower Primary Schools, 292 in Upper Primary Schools and 26 in Secondary Schools,” he said.
The three of them went to the riverbank to take pictures during the lunch break from their school, Borgolai Adarsha Hindi High School.
Besides the Covid-19 pandemic, we need such policies to raise awareness of such diseases so that we can provide treatment and improve their health. people who are in the state.
“Instead of taking action to revive this first factory in the state and it is also a source of employment for the people of Sohra, the government has decided to shut it down,” said Bah Saiñkupar.
The villagers immediately informed the District Council and other offices in Amlarem Sub Division as well as the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District. signature campaign of the villagers.
Since the MDA government took over the Khadar rule in the state, all the road contract works in the state have been awarded to Dhar Construction Company run by Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, brother of the Deputy Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang. Dr.
She could not verify the location of the land and was convicted by the District Council Court, said the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that these beverages are also illegal by the government and if found using and selling these beverages, they will be punished according to the NDPS Act implemented by the government through the police department.
The matches on Friday will be between Tympang Club vs Madankynsaw Mookyndeng at 10:30 pm, FAM vs Mookaswan Dongwah at 12 noon and Mukhla Umlangshor vs Da i hi Mynsngat at 12:00 pm. at 2 o'clock p.m.
Before inaugurating the Maw-Nongrim, the Chief Guest said that the hard work of the MLA of the area has brought this Block to this village and he praised the people and also the officials of the Maw-Nongrim. C&RD Block Department who have cooperated with the MLA of the area.
Besides registering marriages, the public to get permission to hold any public meetings, festivals from today have to do online.
However, although the government authorities or the Governor have not announced anything about the mid-term elections, it was seen that the Congress and the HSPDP are the two political parties that have not prepared for the mid-term elections. The two parties also expressed their desire to hold the mid-term elections.
“A drug dealer in the state, identified as Ajay Paul, son of Gulzar, a resident of Kapurthala, Punjab, was arrested with 11.8 kilos of poppy (Fukki).
“Never before or anyone has visited our school or village even after 100 years of service of this school.
Umsning area also has a high death toll of pigs...if you know what is the cause, please share with the District Animal and Veterinary Officer Ribhoi to inform us.
Komen was accompanied by hundreds of supporters when he filed his nomination papers in front of the L Kynjing Returning Office in Sohra.
The Public Awareness Day on Bseiñ is celebrated on the 19th of November worldwide.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The GHADC today strongly warned its employees who violate the order issued by the Council and it is understood that if they continue to violate they will be dismissed from their posts.
A.Andrew Shullai, MDC-Jowai Central was the chief guest along with the Dolloi of Jowai District Wh.
At the closing ceremony, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports, Eddie G Kharbani, President of RBWO, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew were the chief guests. RBYF President Bah Pateng Myrsing, President HANM and other leaders of the area.
What is important in fact is that the farmer should choose for seed rice a rice that does not show any signs of disease in the field, as curly dwarf disease is also common in many countries. all those who plant phan.
(Ong noh bapli don't buy food with money, or spend money to buy food or medicine, but when you reach the guard post you will be fined just because you don't fight). or not knowing the laws.
Almost all the inhabitants of the area are farmers.
We cannot discriminate against anyone just because of a difference in job, income, or expensive clothes.
It is for this reason that plants and animals such as cattle and chickens which are not treated with medicines are sold at a high price.
Therefore, this year we should all be totally dedicated to the fight against Coronavirus.
In the District Council we look after the culture of the people.
“As a party we want to say, the registration which everyone threatened us not to get but we won, the government bans college teachers from taking part in politics because most of the party employees and candidates are Professors and we have filed a case against the government and we have won, many have been disappointed that our candidates did not get Prah as the shaba of our candidates but we won and we will continue to win from now on. face and the Glory belongs to God," he added.
There were 12 teams of Kurs from all over the villages of Bri u Hynniewtrep in this tournament which was opened from 08th March
When you look at the beauty of the nature, it looks like a place outside the country, but this place is a Golf Flink which we have never seen before. The beauty of these days, which is covered with a white and bright snow, has enhanced the beauty of this place.
They said that on 1st June 2020, the CEM of JHADC, admitted that the State Government has received its share of T.100 crore from the State Government, while on 13th June 2020, the CEM in the release He has decided to file a complaint in court against the state government for not paying the JHADC share of T.94,40,00,0
A case has been registered at Pynursla Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
“At present, Bangladesh does not have any historical records of Syiem Tirot, and in the prison where he was imprisoned from 1833 to 1835, there has been no monument,” he said. and Ma Sniaw.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed to take action against Hamas. However, there is a risk that Lebanon could support Hamas and attack Israel.
We are working to bring about change in all sectors and that is why it has increased whether it is in tourism, entrepreneurship or even in health,” said Conrad.
Should women be the only ones who cook at home or do they have a role to stand with the young men or with the elderly like Phan Nonglait and Trot Singh to protect themselves from the invasion of foreigners? .
Shillong: Longding Police on Friday seized T.1 crore from a vehicle following the vehicle of Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma.
According to the source, the incident happened at about 1:00 pm, when the father of the child was coming from the workplace for lunch. i this child, i went out of the house to play near the pond; However, after the father left the house and because the pond was on the side of the road, he saw that his son had fallen into the water of the pond.
He promised that his office will provide cooperation to improve the residence and that the staff will be encouraged.
He said that Adelbert will be a member of the party and no longer a member of the CEC.
Bah Sanbor said that this time he will win the election from South Shillong Constituency and this will be through the work done and especially the ability to bring peace and stability in the constituency.
Shillong, Lber, 25: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has banned a fake flag in the form of a marker pen from Prah. Unidentified persons were arrested at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
East Khasi Hills has 66 cases and West Khasi Hills has 42 cases.
Three incumbent MPs and three former MPs of the Rajya Sabha have been charged under sections 420 and 13 of the Rajya Sabha. (1)D. The investigation and search at the residence of these MPs is ongoing.
If the farmers are strong in income, the state is also strong in income but if their income is low, the income of the state is also low.
When asked whether Paul will win from the constituency, which he won earlier in the 2013 MLA election, Rapsang said, “We will win, we will work hard, we will win. I'm sorry,” said Bah Rapsang.
The Prime Minister attended a public rally in Takimgre in Rajabala constituency to seek support for Abdus Saleh, in Moadamgre in Bajengdoba constituency to seek support for Pongseng Marak and in Bagabatha in Rajabala constituency. in Kharkutta constituency for Rupert Momin.
Hopefully after 14 days these viruses will be dead.
Sniawbha said that this is the village which has always supported him when he contested the election and this time about 90% of the villagers have decided to support him.
It is learned that on Tuesday morning, one person died due to the heat wave and the cause of his death was due to the excessive heat of the sun.
Since its inception, 181 projects worth T.6180.23 crore have been allocated under the North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) to all the states of the region, out of which 25 projects worth T.956.77 crore have been completed. crore and the remaining projects are in various stages of implementation.
The growth in construction not only contributes to the growth of agriculture but also contributes to the development of industry, trade and employment opportunities.
Speaking to reporters after visiting the refugees who are undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin.
After this, the celebration will go back to Iewrynghep Square for the ceremony, which will start at 9 pm.
On the other hand, the DC has warned the traders that if anyone hides beverages with the intention of increasing the price in the market, they will not be punished.
He said the BJYM has suggested to the students to talk to the state government authorities but the surprising thing is that the reply they received was without any satisfactory reply on this issue.
Because once you don't talk about religion, you don't talk about religion...those who don't talk about religion... We support Bah C Marngar not to listen to such people.
The incident took place in Malout, Punjab.
Regarding the allegation by the woman, that the sale of cows in the market has not followed the rules laid down by the government, including the presence of doctors from the Veterinary Department to issue medical certification. ), Challans and also on the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, said that all these allegations are false and unfounded, because the market is run by as directed by the government.
Banjop Maring, Leader of KSU North Khasi Hills District, said that the KSU North Khasi Hills District and the KSU Sengkmie have already met and talked many times with the DC of Ribhoi District. School Education Officer and not only that we came to meet with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Education Minister of the State Government but due to their lack of attention to arrange or do what is necessary we will not hesitate to contribute today as a small authority. of the Seng.
The central theme of this year's celebration of the Day of Persons with Disabilities is, “Leadership and Participation of Persons with Disabilities towards an Inclusive, Accessible and Sustainable Post Covid-1
Marlangki Suting and Niwan of Gatphoh scored the goals for Wahiajer in the 15th and 28th minutes.
Friends and all believers, we need Pentecost once again in our lives so that we can fulfill the Lord's commission to preach the gospel and save precious souls.
Two other bodies were also recovered.
The Director General of Police (DGP), Dr LR Bishnoi, said that the police have found that the cause of the riots in Tura was a well-planned and well-prepared activity. with the intention of injuring and taking the life of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
He is therefore the Creator, the Creator, the Maker, the Creator, the Creator, the Sustainer, the Provider of all things.
At present, the bank is the only bank in the area, but unfortunately, the bank has not been able to provide adequate services to the residents of Mawshynrut. Many churches have been severely affected because the people in these days have been forced to buy and sell their pets especially during the market days.
The opening ceremony was also attended by the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Earnest Mawrie. area and also witnessed by the supporters of Mawsynram constituency who are the office bearers of the BJP party and also Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang.
Dr Sangma said the BJP looks only at the bad but it is the good that encourages us to do more.
During the inspection, Madhvi Kataria, IAS talked to the trainees and explained and advised them to be confident when conducting elections as well as when using machines.
Shillong Lajong FC have been placed in Group D along with Northeast United FC, FC Goa and Downtown Heroes FC of Kashmir in the Durand Cup tournament.
Khliehriat, Nailar 18: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) on Friday met with the Secretary, Mining and Geology Department, Bah E.Kharmalki, and expressed its dissatisfaction with the Standard Operating. Procedures (SOP) issued by the State Government on 5th October 2021 regarding the rules and regulations of coal mining in the State.
The Theme Song of the Kur was released and a brochure on the journey of the Kur Khonglam was released.
I believe I will get a job by the grace of God,” said Kynsai.
Speaking at the meeting, Ma Vincent said that political parties are like those mobile companies and when looking at the mobile companies, the people prefer those companies that have network in “There are Aircel, Airtel, Idea, MTNL and others, in Shillong it may be enough, but in other places it is not known,” said Ma Vincent, who compared other companies. “Hello shi hello, don't pay,” said Ma Vincent. He also admitted that the Congress party has all the towers from Delhi to the state. Meghalaya.
After the incident, the angry residents came out and damaged the shops in the village and blocked the road, the police chief said.
Thop shi thop and walked back to Mawroh until he reached Niakha's house.
The events of these days, have become very difficult to talk to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, the lynga u pisa, because he wants to know the nature of this disease and all the thoughts, are flowing. , to know whether there are any who are still sick and whether these sick people are our neighbours.
On the other hand, farmers will also receive support through packaging materials and on how to market them.
Therefore, the tie breaker was decided.
Swamy, 84, died at 1.30 pm, said Dr Ian D'Souza, director of the Holy Family Hospital in Bandra, before a division bench of the High Court headed by Justice SS Shinde and U NJ Bridegroom.
In the first leg, Mawphlang beat Madanrting SC 1-0 with a goal from Mebateinam Dohtdong in the 29th minute.
The complainant has informed his friends and one of the friends has already paid T.50,000 to the person through the driver in Motphran, Shillong in October 2023,” said the SP (City). .
We also explained the investigation report done by the police,” Kropha said.
“If the DC issues another order to continue the odd and even operation, we will not cooperate, but we will continue as we have already discussed,” he said.
“In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God” John 1:1
The President of HITO said that the issuance of this order is unfounded and unfair because the people have the right to elect their leaders and also to celebrate for their candidates who win. the victory, that is, the victory of any political party.
SK Lato, (MPHF) Director Community Service in his speech on the close history between Jaintia and Bangladesh during the reign of the Jaintia Syiems, said that the purpose of this program is to bring about a clean and transparent working environment for the community.
Both the 2 matches on this day were very interesting and touched the hearts of the fans who came to witness the match on this day.
However, as a resident of the village, Challam, when inquired where the money came from, found that it came through the World Bank scheme.
While the mother was cleaning and putting the children to sleep, the father said – “I saw Bhalang sngaid, plump and plump and his clothes were beautiful – it shows that they are pain.
Why do I say this? Because everyone wants to be a leader, we don't want to be led by anyone.
Riticia Nongbet took 3 wickets for 14 runs in 10 overs while Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai took 3 wickets for 34 runs and Luiza Tamang took 3 wickets for 34 runs. 2 wickets for 42 runs.
The CEM election could be held on the 18th of this month.
Meghalaya is a women-friendly society and for the information of motorcyclists and officers from different parts of the country, they will be happy to know that the people of Meghalaya and people have been working for Nari Servanthood and equality for centuries.
On the other hand, Rev.Fr.Sngi Lyndoh is also known as the founder of the synrop rule of political parties in the State and together with Rev. W Manners has been involved in the formation of the Lai Government. Lama was born in
The project was implemented by Hindustan Prefab Limited at a cost of T.30.44 crore.
Shillong, Nailar, 21: Two men were seriously injured while another died after being hit by a Pyrthat rkhiang on Sunday at 3:45 pm while they were hiding in the rain. Golden Ground, Shillong.
At the same time, the union reminded of the pending works such as the Speed ​​Breaker in Ladjaplem, but the EE promised that in the next few days they will build it as soon as the sky is bright.
The DGP said that the Police Department has 19 Infiltration Checkgates across Meghalaya.
On the following days, on the 16th and 17th November 2023, there will be an exhibition on the wealth and heritage of Meghalaya at Forum Mall, Kanakpura and Lal Bagh Botanical Garden.
After that, he said that from what happened on the 4th of January 2023, when the two women were raped, he is very afraid, on that day, the women and children, who participate together.
Prestone expressed his great respect to the Seng Khasi, not only of Lyngkyrdem, but also to the members of the Seng Khasi within the household of Hynniewtrep for their responsibility to preserve and maintain the Seng Khasi. the customs and traditions and also the religion and customs of the Hynniewtrep people.
Gautam, who is the Minister of Social Welfare, attended a meeting on March 5, 2022, where hundreds of people converted to Buddhism. hindu gods, by which they say they are not true gods.
We are 1
Regarding the delay in payment of their salaries, he said that there is no allocation of funds in the budget but the government has taken to pay them by asking for funds in various ways.
I want to share with the people through you that the present government, if it acts as the accused, the people have reason to believe that it is complicit in all these injustices," he said. and Dr Mukul Sangma.
Pyniaid was an MDC but became an MLA of Mawryngkneng after winning the Bye-Election held on 30th March, 2021 by defeating the Congress candidate. 1816 votes.
Conrad said this while talking to reporters after a review meeting at the DC office Jowai to take stock of the COVID-19 situation in West Jaintia Hills District.
TMC Chief Leader and National General Secretary Abhishek Banerjee has said that the BJP has destroyed the cleanliness of the Thakurbari shrine in the name of political activities. , in which he strongly condemned, saying that it was a violent condemnation.
Besides those who live in the city and in the countryside.
“Whoever becomes a minister or prime minister and if the door of their house does not open wide for the Congress workers, then that minister or prime minister, will fall from his post within the 15th. Rahul Gandhi said.
On the other hand, the DC has sought a reply from the two to clarify their complaint.
The strong foundation of the construction that has been built in the past years according to the plan can be attributed to both the income growth achieved in recent years as well as the success of the new ways of doing business in the economy.
Anyone can participate and therefore there is no question that every party in the State has participated.
The AJCCTA has now appointed a Secretary who understands the problems of transporters because the new Secretary is also a transporter and not like the old Secretary who is not a transporter. “It's a good idea to pay the salary,” said Balen Thubru.
The President of the Association, Bah Shiningstar Kharbani, launched the flag of the Association and read a brief history of the Association since its inception by the General Secretary, Bah Shiningstar Kharbani. Mykulbest Priest of Kynshi.
On the other hand, these 4 organizations have also warned other foreigners living around the area not to touch the youth of the jaitbynriew and if found guilty, they will take strong action. Khasi youth should be careful about their marriage especially with foreigners.
They also explained the types of pesticides that should be used for the crops they plant and how to act if the soil is low in fertility.
India has the right to send two teams for the Open and the Women's tournament.
Besides the planes, more than 60 students arrived in Meghalaya by specially prepared buses.
Now we are proud that this man (Mr. Ardent) has come forward to take this step.
India will be grouped with Pakistan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan in Group F and will play the AFC U-23 qualifiers in Uzbekistan from 22-26 October.
Therefore, making Hindi a compulsory subject in schools will increase the burden on the students.
Auckland City Hospital authorities said one of the injured is still undergoing treatment at the hospital; while the 3 others who sustained minor injuries were sent home after receiving treatment.
He recalled that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the government has worked together with the ASHAs, so he requested them to work together.
Jowai, Naitung 28: A woman has lost her life along with her unborn child after a car parked on the ground collided with her.
These include Socio Cultural Clubs, Alumni Associations and Community Level Youth Institutions/Organisations/Groups Activities accepted through this program: Environmental awareness program Financial literacy workshops and campaigns or money saving training Alcohol prevention campaigns, child marriage, Career Career counseling, programs involving many young people, related programs and mental power.
P.B.SU came out with a strong sense of security.
Meghalaya Cements Limited should also dismiss those employees who have insulted the police.
Sunil Chhetri, who continues to be a player, has won the biggest prize after winning the SAFF, surprisingly, the captain of the country is not yet the richest in the country. you country.
Besides these villages, it was also learned that there has been damage to houses and crops in Nongrim Jirang.
Those who attended the function included Bah S.Majaw, GM, DCIC, Shillong, Bah Modon Lyngdoh, Junior Executive, KVIC, Shillong.
“I cannot explain who ordered the shooting of Cherish,” said Prestone when Ardent asked who ordered the shooting of the former General Secretary of the HNLC. At the same time, the Symbud Myntri of the Ministry of Home Affairs, said that when the government sent the police to search for Bah Cherish, it sent them to arrest him alive and not to shoot him dead.
Bah Kharbuli also expressed his concern that foreigners have been using the Malki Forest as a place to commit crimes from time to time and at the same time he urged the Police Department to that it will take immediate action to investigate those involved in this case and punish them according to the provisions of the law.
Therefore, the union congratulates Bah D.Lamare who is the Sub Divisional Officer of the office PWD (R) for his hard work and hopes that this road will get that purpose. funds so that the construction of this road can be started.
The total number of affected households is 500 in 14 villages.
DM Wahlang, Project Director, DRDA was the chief guest.
“When we mentioned these, some people asked us why we didn't leave, because the government has done that and we replied that when we were with the government led by Conrad K Sangma. and Bah Prestone Tynsong, we have suggested to improve from time to time and if we leave and if the president rule comes it will not be good for the state at all,” he said.
The names of the three candidates have been approved by Sonia Gandhi, President of the AICC. She has been tested positive for COVID-19 at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, where she has been tested positive for COVID-1 affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
How happy you will be when you reach the end of death, if you can say, remembering your deeds and words: my life has not been in vain, but full of good deeds! but how sad shall ye be in that last moment, if ye walk about in the earth! Wealth, the pleasures of this world, will torment you in the midst of death, for they are only a vain pleasure of the day.
Saini, a BJP member from Khatauli, was speaking at a public meeting on Tuesday after the repeal of Article 370 and the meeting was to celebrate the repeal of Article This is a special section for Jammu and Kashmir.
Bhayas Chyrmang said that if the robbers who assaulted the doctor student in Delhi have been arrested, why in this state those who commit terrible crimes are allowed to walk on the streets. Sir.
The vehicle was heading from Yellapur to Gokarna.
The other is a loan of T.5000 which has been converted into a one-time grant.
With this victory, Langsning has moved up to fourth position with six points, while Sawmer is last without any points.
After receiving a tip from the police, the police rushed to the scene and recovered the bodies, one from Sngi Thiang, Lower Mawprem and the other from Sngi Thiang, Lower Mawprem. Singer.
In the second half, Ebiangmi Dkhar scored the goals in the 24th minute, Ebormi Nongtdeh in the 35th minute and Kamkihi Pyrtuh in the 35th minute. Mewanhi scored 42 and 56 goals in the 45th and 56th minutes.
Thirteen participants reached the Grand Finale out of 10 participants from the beginning.
grade lecturers, not school teachers who have revised the courses of the Secondary and Higher Secondary Sections.
According to the farmers, if it is planted from November to November, it still helps.
Rafael Nadal (ESP) 38157.
Meanwhile, 11 Pakistani soldiers were killed and 16 others wounded in the fighting.
Therefore, in our democracy today, it is the knowledge and wisdom of our electorate that will produce intellectuals, intellectuals who can rule with wisdom and understanding.
The meeting of the elders of Mawsaw village which has been held many times in these days since it appeared in the newspapers, social media which the residents of Mawsaw village turned to the Office of the Syiem of Mawsaw Hima Nobosohphoh Syiemship at on 26-8-2019 on the grounds that they are against the appointment of Syiem Nobosohphoh Syiemship in Mawsaw without the knowledge of the residents.
He said that the technical inspections have been launched through various telecom channels.
Recently, we have launched a web portal to help the public to access online services and to submit appeals under the Meghalaya Right to Public Services Act,
“I think what we need now is to encourage the people to be vigilant and if they want to do as they used to do, if they want to go out in the middle of the night they should know how to have responsibility. .
But when he taught the multitude, they received him not.
All 30 MDCs have unanimously accepted the motion introduced by me on 27.6.23, to stand firmly against the Government of India's plan to establish this UCC throughout India. other.
“The snow inside has appeared to the world.
These Regional Committees of Meghalaya should consult with the residents of all the villages falling under the second phase of the demarcation.
Therefore, Iow Snem thyme is welcome.
“Who should we trust, Conrad Sangma or the office of the Commissioner of Taxes?”, said the Seng.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast that the next 48 hours will be the hours of heavy rainfall in some parts of Meghalaya.
However, the passers-by, when they saw the robbers, informed the police and the police, immediately rushed to the scene and as soon as the owner of the shop came, they took away the robbers. the thief from the toilet.
In a statement, JNC Western Zone Vice President, Ma Hamehi Bamon said that the JNC cannot accept at all the government's exclusion of the Jaintia language from the anthem.
“It is up to the Block, whom they propose and whom they approve as candidates for the MDC election. Any member of the party has the right to apply for a ticket.
Therefore, they demanded from the law enforcement authorities that they should impose a severe punishment and set a-long life or imprisonment for such a person so that such people who have such an intention to do them evil, they shall not be ashamed.
He emphasized on intergenerational responsibility, speaking on the need to use the same natural resources for the future.
Lyngdoh also confirmed that security forces have been strengthened especially in the areas of Ri-Bhoi-Karbi-Anglong and West Jaintia-Karbi-Anglong, the border areas with Assam.
The residents of Nongpoh have requested the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh and the PHE authorities to take action on the water shortage. They added that the water supply has not reached the villages due to the heavy rainfall and landslides.
At the end of the first half, a check of T.2 lakh was distributed to all the associations affiliated with the MFA to hold football tournaments in their respective areas. of the MFA and the state government to provide sports facilities in all districts of the state.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC, Thrangchynnam FC, YFC Trangblang and Thun FC have qualified for the semi-finals of the tournament. The first semi-final will be played between Rymbai Shkenshynriah SC and Thrangchynnam FC at 2 pm.
First, OPT verification was not implemented because many people did not carry mobile phones with them or shared the numbers of their family members or neighbours.
He said that the distribution of these schemes by the MLA was not for the purpose of supporting or disrupting the election for 2018 and he did not say that you will take this scheme and support it. This was not the intention of giving only the supporters to the party but the intention of the MLA is that all the households or people within the constitution if possible should get their own. whether it be little or little.
Shillong, June 6 : The MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, today distributed schemes from the Discretionary Gran 2022-23 worth Rs 1.70 lakh to various groups.
He also suggested to set up Processing Units for the benefit of the farmers in the village through the Self Help Groups.
As a group we are still on the right track and so far the direct action of COMSO is on the right track.
Shillong, June 16: Police applicants today, 16th June 2024, visited the office of the Central Recruitment Board (CRB), Mawroh to seek clarification regarding the application card. police have been released by the state government in the past few days.
This is important to ensure that the residents in the border areas will not be prevented from achieving peace and development,” he said.
“Imat he is a son of man,” said one of the employees. “That's right, but the most important thing is the good character that is inside a person,” said another. and he that overcometh them often is good.
We’re trying to listen to what the community is saying before we make a decision and we have to make sure we get people who can do the job.
Deepika, who starred in Pathaan with Shah Rukh, will also star in Jawan which is one of the cheapest films made and will also be an action film.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, said that it would be good for the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi to come and meet.
Unfortunately, most of us don’t want to bother doing these things if it doesn’t affect us personally.
During the recent inspection of the PHC, under the leadership of Samla Anthony Umiong President, many shortcomings were found in the PHC. PHC, water supply, parking lot, electricity and roads.
The Government and MeECL have to clarify on these issues.
On Sunday, senior Iraqi officials also confirmed that the ISIS leader may be seriously injured, while a man with him, Auf Abdulrahman Elefery, was killed. he did not die in the storm.
Shillong: The maximum temperature in Shillong was 14.1 degrees Celsius and the minimum 5.0 degrees Celsius in Sohra. In Umiam, the maximum temperature was 18.4 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 8.6 degrees Celsius.
Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, said that when the truck fell into the collision on the National Highway, the driver of the truck was injured. “Until we have found the driver of the truck, we cannot say whether he has drowned or where he is. “We cannot say yet and we can only say that the driver of the truck is still missing,” said Jagpal Singh.
Nongstoiñ, March 8: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle has expressed its deep sorrow over the closure of the Sub Center at Tynhiang Village, West Khasi Hills. to many villages in the area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Executive Engineer promised to take immediate action and within a few days, if the weather permits, he will send workers to repair the two electric poles. you're right.
Besides the free medicines, the donations included clotheslines, walking aids, tables, chairs and ball kits for the school children and residents. The cost of purchasing all the items for the children is T.2.95 lakh.
Sectetary – Mr.Daslingwell Tyrsa4.
“Drink it, the sha...” said Bah Shanbor. So they drank the sha and as soon as they finished, Lydia immediately got up and gathered the pela and took them to the shetja.
In this regard, this reporter visited Mawpon village on 16th March,
Drinking about arklat of this water is also believed to help with digestion, constipation and irritable bowel syndrome (IBS).
The Director of Arts and Culture (ICC) has already allocated funds for the construction of the International Cultural Center (ICC) at a cost of T.151.33 crore. .
IMI 5.0 focuses on under-vaccinated sectors especially for those people who are prohibited from vaccination, and the aim is to vaccinate children and pregnant women who are able to take the vaccine However, those who have been excluded from the routine immunization should not receive it from time to time.
He also spoke about the exploitation of some people, in relation to the publication of news, in which they do not explain, on any news, but, they go to court to file cases against various newspapers.
Criticizing a little bit of Khasi films which are mostly love stories, then dance and songs, Dr. Sylvanus said that it would be very helpful if we work together to make even films related to They are the ancestors so that this future generation will know the past.
On the contrary, the events that unfolded showed otherwise.
There are dozens of Khasi Pnar villages in this district but these villages have not yet received their statehood due to the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
The wisdom of the parents was darkened and the fear and confusion.
Therefore, the elections scheduled for this year have been postponed and all government departments from the Senate, National Assembly and even the Constitutional Courts will suspend their work. we shall all be destroyed.
The snap was handed over by the leaders of the Salesian Society from Rome for the Asian community as a whole. Tens of thousands of Catholics led by 30 bikes in front of them and hundreds of vehicles followed them. an.
The Nepalis, through the Indo-Nepal Treaty 1950, have taken advantage of the situation by infiltrating thousands of people and have become citizens of any place where they live.
The reason is that there are still many residents of the state who do not have their own households, who do not have their own land to farm or who are landless people.
“Not only is it shocking but it is sad to witness how the NPP has undermined the pillars of democracy according to their wishes,” he said.
He said the people also tried to set fire to the flag but the police managed to stop it.
Of these three, one is a woman.
The 26 candidates from the four constituencies are as follows: From 1-Nartiang Constituency, from 2-Jowai Constituency, from 3-Raliang Constituency. On the other hand, the nomination papers of all the four candidates from 7-Amlarem who have registered for SDO (Civil) Amlarem are incomplete.
However, it is sad that the employees of JHADC have not received their salaries for three to six months and during this lockdown they are facing a lot of problems.
From the beginning of the war as well as during the middle of the war, the soldiers in these mountains communicated information about the war through letters and other means of communication at that time.
Dr. Marak also spoke briefly about the heroes of the North East who stood against the invasion of the French troops, such as Sonaram R. Sangma in the 19th century.
Officials of the Land Survey Department, are in the process of clearing the border areas on the Meghalaya border, which started on 16th November 2015, while another group, The inspection started at South Berubari in Jalpaiguri district of West Bengal.
Singh said the Odisha Fire Service personnel would try to draw water from the crematorium while the Navy would search for the coal miners.
According to sources, the villages affected by the cold weather include Umyiap, Jaidoh and some parts of Nongstoiñ.
Even in the dewbilat field, you can plant small rynsan and full jhur in flower pots, tins or even plastic bags.
He said that not only the Sohra constituency is fortunate but it is also a pleasure for the party as a whole that they have been able to attract a person who has experience for the development of the state in the tourism industry. .
The sports meet was inaugurated by Barisha Muthoh of Little Flower English School Ummulong.
After weighing, it was found that the Ganja weighed 71.476 kilos.
The family should also encourage the children to work hard and reach higher positions.
Vic has served as a nurse in Mawkyrwat, Rangthong and retired as Assistant Director of Nursing, DHS, Government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today elected Bah Titosster Well Chyne, MLA Sohra.
He said that the adoption of the New Education Policy (NEP) by Nongstoiñ College will allow the youth to choose their own education in many fields.
The match on 16.11.2023 will be between Sailung Ialong and Shangpung Lumiawmushai at 1 pm.
On the other hand, the Minister informed the House that the state government has a plan to reform the working methods of the MPSC in the state, which he cannot explain at present. you need to think carefully before you make any decision.
And in my journey as a writer in many villages of Khasi Hills, I have not found the heritage of Parom in other places – such as the Krem.
However, after the UDP joined hands with the HSPDP for 2018, Dr. Don said he does not recognize the People's Democratic Front (PDF). PDF) as a political party and still recognizes Bah Pynshngaiñ as a member of the Congress party, “I don't understand this statement of Dr. Don anymore,” said Bah Shylla. The current situation in KHADC shows that these two parties support the Congress because the HSPDP and UDP are under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ.
According to the MSSASA leader, on the 27th of June, the MSSASA had the opportunity to talk to the Chief Minister where he said that they will be tolerant as the Government is still considering.
“On the part of the CEM of KHADC, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, he expressed his satisfaction with the appointment of Bah Bindo M Lanong as the newly appointed MDC. It is during the time of Bah Bindo that we have been able to destroy many forests. Through his skills, it will be a great help to the entire KHADC. Shillong: The Minister in charge of Factories, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, President of KSU Narpuh Circle, on Tuesday said that the government will have to approve the companies that come to set up factories. jingbit that owns bag.
Nongstoin, Lber 6: The 2nd leg semi final of the 2022-23 Invitation Knockout Football Tournament 2022-23 has been held at the New Nongstoin Sports Social and Cultural Club. On the 1st of May, the Assam Regiment will face Ri Bhoi United once again for the final of this year's tournament.
However, after careful consideration to find out the truth of the information gathered and those who saw it, it was said that the allegation does not agree because the information gathered is limited and not based on the allegation. At least 10 people have been killed and 180 injured in a violent clash in Indonesia's East Java province.
The second eliminator between Niaw Wasa and Nangbah Mulang will be played on the 5th at 1 pm.
Before leaving the area, the members conducted a cleanliness drive by collecting plastic, water bottles and other items thrown away by the tourists and burnt them.
It was desirable to urgently convene a committee to discuss and develop ways and means to prevent the spread of the disease.
That is what we understand from the name 'Golgotha' or 'Skull Skull.
Bah Kanasing also thanked the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for donating the ground to the Sports Club and the village.
So what happened in Israel affected the whole world.
This will have a serious impact on development projects, food distribution and even the salaries of government employees if implemented in the state.
they are different.
Malcom Tariang, President of the SEC Unit, said, “It is surprising that we the staff of the College don't have a staff room and we have to turn the ground floor into a staff room. .
The Lamphang said that during his inspection, he found that the construction of the middle part has not been completed yet due to the collapse of the round roof. "It's about 80% complete," he said.
He (Purno) used to tell me about the plans to improve the lives of the people of the area.
The donation will also help to support the daily expenses of the Junior players as well as the team managers and the large expenses of the team. preparation of the team to participate in the tournament.
KSU Secretary Auguster Jyrwa said that whenever the results of Matric and Class XII students are released, he will first look at the names of the Khasi students who have received the results. I didn't pass the exam.
“The North East is a rich region and will become the 'Organic Food Basket of India' by following the path of Sikkim to increase the income of farmers,” he said.
“On the other hand, we strongly oppose the construction of the M/S Prisidium Brez, Coke Factory, because the residents of these villages near the factory have faced difficulties and difficulties in the construction of the factory. “Although the factory has not been completed or started full operation, the construction of this factory has severely affected the nearby wells where the residents use water every day from the wells,” he said. This was stated by the President of HYC East Jaintia Hills District, Presios Pale.
These are part of nature.
“Our people are not lagging behind in all aspects and it is only after they have worked hard to showcase their talents that the world will know about them,” said the Prime Minister. He said that Juliana is one of the talented youths to take part in the competition. .
Shillong, Lber 30: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) on Tuesday accused the employees of the Sales Tax Department of delaying the process of obtaining the No Objection Certificate (NOC). to the drivers, if they drive in a straight road but if they spend money, they do it fast.
“Other projects should be completed by July 2024 and we are trying our best to do this.
Regarding their demand, the Minister said; “We have already stated that if ASHAs are critical to this part of the process, we will talk to them but there is a limit for talks.
and others.
JOWAI : U Lasking Roy Warkhyllew, driver of a motorcycle, was seriously injured when he collided with a truck at Ialong near Pine Breeze Guest House on Sunday evening at about 6:00 pm. ML05 L7160 was coming from Jowai and was heading to Phramer, but when it reached that place it collided with a bad vehicle on the road AS 25 CC 6334 near Ialong.
The members of the Commission are Larsingh Khyriem MLA Jowai, Sita Bonnily Khongmen MLA Shillong, Chaatrasingh Teron MLA Karbi Anglong, Rev. JJM Nichols Roy MLA Shillong and another unknown person.
Both of them were taken to Dainabubi PHC but Jehan Momin died on the way, the SP said.
During the discussion, the DSEO received a letter from the Director of School Education and Literacy of the State Government to appoint the post of Assistant Teacher in Govt.
These places have been included in the list, the public has been warned not to enter and leave these places and if anyone is found violating, they will be punished according to the law.
On the other hand, regarding the water shortage across the state, he said the government has sought ways and means to discuss how to improve the water supply.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, has imposed a curfew from 9 pm to 6 pm on 28th October
Shillong, July 27: The Cabinet today decided to extend the retirement of Chief Secretary Bah WMS Pariat. of the state electricity department.
The order, issued by the Ministry of Law and Justice, Government of India, was issued today.
