The question for the government is how the government has passed this Bill while the matter is still pending in the Court,” said the CEM of KHADC. it is the reproach of the people who have chosen them.
Shillong: Regarding the allegation by the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma, regarding the coal industry; On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that all the allegations are groundless as the state government is following the orders of the National Green Tribunal and the Supreme Court.
In the 16th minute, Mawlangsu SC scored the first goal against Tyllilang A in the 16th minute. They scored the first goal in the 30th minute.
There were about 50 to 60 two wheelers parked in the area and they were turned into lyndang by the crowd.
On the other hand, these youths said that as the police department has promised to provide a written explanation on their refusal to appear for the personal interview, they are still waiting for an explanation from the police department. .
The first, will be on October 27, 2021, the second, on June 1, the third, on June 6, the fourth, on June 10, the fifth, on June 17, the sixth, on June 22 , the ninth, on June 26 and the fifth, on June 29, 2021.
On his part, he prayed for the rescue of the missing soldiers.
Hundreds of students who have scored 118 marks or above have been declared eligible to study Doctorate, but the government has not released the names of those who are eligible even after two months. to study through the Meghalaya Quota.
This was announced in a statement by Bah JC Cajee, General Secretary.
Shillong, Naitung 03 : The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Monday said that it was the MPs of the National People's Party (NPP) who first spoke in Parliament to demand the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit. the Fifth of the Constitution of the Republic.
The Pharisee prayed thus unto himself, God, I thank thee that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican.
“Uhh...phi...the kyiad shops are still selling, they are still selling”, said one of the residents of Iewduh when asked by Rupang, how is the market after the meeting of Bah Ardent.
The Prime Minister has decided that these children between the ages of 2 and 14 years will be treated at the Shrikant Shinde Foundation,” the Shiv Sena said.
He said that the union demands that the state government should listen to the voice of the people of Ri Bhoi not to bring a casino in Ri Bhoi. If the government continues to do nothing without respecting the voice of the people, the union will take other measures to oppose this. The casino is known as Nongwei Casino, he added.
The centerpiece of the 11th International Expo will be the Thailand Shopping Festival, where visitors will have the opportunity to select and buy exotic Thai products.
“The collapse of the road is due to the 4 inch height of the Municipal water tank,” said Bah War.
According to police sources, they came across this incident after being trapped in a crematorium while they were quarrying stones.
IOC President Thomas Bach welcomed the country's current goal.
The floods have hit severely across Assam and residents of Guwahati have posted on Twitter that many fish have jumped out of the Brahmaputra River. on the road to Guwahati.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Inspector of Food Civil Supply, Ri Bhoi District, Kong B.Khonwir, said that till date, no ration has been distributed to those who do not have Aadhar Card. There is no requirement to issue ration to those who do not have Adhar Card, but there is only an explanation to the people that they should not have Aadhar Card because through Aadhar Card they can get many benefits from the government.
Regarding whether the Boundary Committee is still in operation according to the notification No.2.8.2023, the Deputy CEM, Bah PN Syiem said that it is still in operation and there has been an attempt to say The residents of the border areas have been asked to express their desire to be in Meghalaya during the visit of the Regional Committees of the two states. this is your job.
Matthew 26:29.
Peterson Lamare and Namewanki Pakynteiñ took two wickets each in seven overs.
The Mawlai MLA asked the government why the enrollment of children in these schools is too low and does not meet the requirements set by the government. the government will find out the reasons why there are too few students.
She said that the Union has to speak on behalf of all the ASHA workers in the state that the government has treated them unfairly, there are ASHAs who have not received the Fixed Incentive of Rs. the State Government and Rs.2000 from the Central Government.
On this occasion, the Ri Bhoi Police have rushed to the scene to curb the riots caused by the protest of these employees against the Manager of the Toll Plaza. on his approach to the area.
Young men and women from the village as well as from neighboring villages came to take part in the dance.
KSU Nongtrai Unit does not oppose the existence of Lafarge Umiam Mining Pvt.
Thousands of residents of the constituency attended the meeting.
In fact, the police should have arrested those involved in damaging people's homes just because they lost the election.
According to the rules, Bah Barnabas has announced that people who intend to set up shops in all the compounds of the parish, will not be allowed to set up shops, as chairs and LEDs will be installed for the public to sit. that children shall not distribute or sell any books, except the books of the Procession.
Police also arrested six persons.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Not less than 1 lakh metric tonnes out of the 32 lakh metric tonnes have been collected and auctioned and these trucks are traveling with challans on the road,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
However, in the tie breaker, Messi, who scored first, gave hope to the whole team, as he was a good player who didn't take the game stingy and worked hard.
The Government does not accept this statement that we need to create another nation,” said Bah Tynsong.
His compassion for his parents did not allow him to cleanse them.
He said that the reason why the college has allowed young men to study in these lines is because there are few students who study in these lines and it is also an opportunity for those who cannot study in other colleges.
It was witnessed that the appearance of these things which used to be covered with water has attracted many people to visit this place.
The CEM said this during the General Discussion in the Legislative Assembly on 8th October.
Former Chief Executive Member of JHADC Madonbai Rymbai has alleged that Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla is not from the Shylla clan but from the Shylla clan. In fact, he belongs to the Suna clan and is not the owner of Mukhla but he has moved to Mukhla for his own benefit.
B.Look.
From this fund, the salaries of MDCs, employees and pensions of employees and members for 8 months from March 2019 to June 2020 will be paid.
Jowai, July 15: The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has appointed the following officers as District Grievance Redressal Officer (DGRO) and Assistant Grievance Redressal Officer (AGRO) under to Amlarem Sub-Division.
Nongpoh: A foreigner who lived in Sajer Nongpoh, has fled the scene after receiving information that he has been infected with COVID-1 state don.
They also expressed that they are not satisfied with the government's negligence and if the government does not do anything, as the students who have completed the MTET, they will not hesitate to come forward to demand their rights. you're right.
However, the leaders of the JSU and JYF have acknowledged that this is the truth and not just an allegation, and should not be misled by this news release by the AJYWO which is only a propaganda news.
Aizawl: Myanmar citizens have increasingly smuggled into Mizoram to escape the violence of the army in the country.
At the meeting, it was reported that the residents had banned the election of office bearers, as the matter is still pending before the Khasi District Council, Shillong.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem in a statement sent to the media, said that the drug dealer is the same person who appeared in the video at GS Road nearby. Bimola which has spread on social media and which has caused great concern to many churches about the smuggling of drugs.
Inside the vehicle , there were also employees of the car selling companies and a table was set up to put the documents and the employees of the company would explain to the public the price of the car , the model , strength and so on.
The meeting was led by the Executive Member I/C Trade and was attended by MDCs including Bah Fantin Lakadong and Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem Ainam Manik Syiem, Ministers. Mylliem Hima, KHADC Officers, Enforcement Police and Syiem Police.
So angry at their own experience, they decided to take to the streets during the election to show “that we are here to make a difference”.
This affects the local market, affects transportation, and affects coal workers, miners, miners and shyiap miners, farmers and contractors, produced Portland Cement the best and she has fed thousands of families with her presence.
Jagan Mohan Reddy was immediately treated in the bus and continued his march that evening.
The recently concluded 2nd North East Olympic Games has been a success for the state, after seeing the athletes of the state perform well.
After a few years he decided to return to his village, so the preparations were very extensive for the arrival of the world famous scientist.
The incident occurred in Killapara area of ​​the Indo-Bangla border after a herd of elephants crossed the river from the neighboring country in the morning.
The actions of the police and law enforcement agencies show that neither the law nor the police are willing to arrest Congress members. Dr Mukul Sangma CM of Meghalaya and the Garo rebels in the past few months.
He is a man who works hard in the field and also digs into the truth as a journalist.
I hope there are many of these doctors in other places and I hope they will continue to work hard.
Thun FC beat Five Star FC 1-0 while Nohron SC beat River Side FC 2-0 at Pdengshakap Stadium on 3rd July.
Nagaland took the lead by scoring 10 goals in the 11th minute but Mizoram managed to turn the tide through Joseph Lalvenhima, Aron Vanlalrinchhana (39 min) and Rohlupuia (51 min). ) who scored a goal.
The letter requested the Prime Minister to know that the Central Government has violated the Meghalaya Assembly Resolution and to see that something should be done in this regard to respect the Meghalaya Assembly Resolution. social.
The investigation is ongoing to identify those involved in the incident. The AHAM of East Khasi Hills Zone and South West Khasi Hills Zone has lodged a complaint with the Deputy. Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, on the allegation that there is no illegal smuggling of coal on the India-Bangladesh border.
Shillong, March 19: A book entitled 'Ki Khasi : The Origin of Israel' by Rev.GR Mawblei has been launched today. .S.S Majaw Moderator KJP Assembly at KJP Assembly Conference Hall, Mission Compound, Shillong.
“An angel of the Lord appeared to Joseph in a dream, saying, 'Arise, take the young child and his mother, and flee into Egypt.
Today's matches were played at two grounds, Umbuda Stadium in Ri-Bhoi and Salpara in North Garo Hills – in which 10 cricket associations from the districts affiliated to the MCA participated. .
Shillong, November 18: UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titosstarwell Chyne on behalf of the party has congratulated all the people who have supported the UDP in this mid-term MDC election.
“It is surprising that even though the JHADC has issued certificates to the Daloi, there is no exact boundary of the Daloi Hima,” said the JYF Shillong leader. Jymmang: The Rangbah Shnong of Umsur village in South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Nasar Marwein, on Tuesday said that a transformer of MeECL has gone missing from the place where it used to distribute electricity to the village on the 18th of this month. date of this month, in which the village has no information.
The DC said that this project is ambitious and important and requires the cooperation of all in the community and the work on the ground will start from the second day.
Shillong: KSU Namdong Unit led by General Secretary Samla Juhhi Tariang, Assistant General Secretary Samla Phrestar Sawkmie in the presence of Education Secretary Samla Marbiangki War and Finance Secretary Samla Prazing today held a meeting. Sumer and some members of the unit raided and deported once some foreigners who came and traded illegally and who did not have the Work Permit and Trading License as they should have.
In Maharashtra, there are 12 new cases, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
Shillong, July 10: The Shillong (T) Division of the State Government has distributed assistance to the people of Mawrynkneng area under the Upper Umsnait Watershed IW MP Project-II scheme. and the neighboring village of Ksing ngap.
Vehicles traveling on this PWD Jakhong road have to tie chains to their wheels, as they cannot travel.
The union has asked the Prime Minister how he cannot explain to the people that the government is involved in authorizing Star Cement through the MSPCB to get EC from the MoEF&CC in Delhi.
In order to avoid traffic jams at the Toll Gates, the NHAI Head of Meghalaya, has urged all the residents of Ri Bhoi and other districts with Toll Gates, to Shillong: Congress MLA HM Shangpliang has urged the government to impose Fastag on their vehicles to facilitate traffic and also to avoid traffic jam at the NHAI Toll Gates. The state should first give time to the people to apply for Fastag and then they will resume the implementation of Fastag in the state.
Those who attended the launch of the ambulance, besides the MLA, were Bah Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Dr. M. Mawrie, Paiem H. Wahlang, Syiem of Jirang Hima and others. other village leaders of Ri Bhoi Sepngi.
That is why the BJP workers have put this issue first,” she added.
“When she finished the letter, she put the khulom on the letter and went to the room.
It is true that the Khasi people should remember Thomas Jones who was the first enlightener and benefactor of the people.
Everything you do with a smile whether it is small or big if it is a habit in life brings a big change in a person's health.
Among those who were lying dead at the time, police found an 18-year-old woman and a 20-year-old man, who were lying dead at the scene.
When the reporter went to inquire from the shops in Iewduh, he found that all of them no longer sell maggi.
The NPP as a party always stands to protect the feelings of our people”.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Prestone said the Meghalaya government will prepare the necessary documents to show to the Assam government that those villages in Assam will fall under Meghalaya. especially Block-2 and others.
On the other hand, the union will hold a public meeting to demand that the government should clean up immediately without delay.
After a thorough discussion, the Chief Minister agreed that as an initial step, workshops will be held in each district to explain to the people working in the coal industry on the new mining methods. of the state, so that the people can be more transparent and understanding.
The reporter also found that tonight, there are dozens of youths, wearing iong jain, from their eyes and walking in different parts of Mawlai and involved in burning shaka. vehicles and in the view, it was seen, as if these things, were not at all safe, when looking at the situation in the parts of Jaiaw, Mawlai.
Earlier, he served as the Chief Minister from 2005 to 2008, from 2008 to 2013 and from 2013 to
The bridge, projected by NABARD (Under Rural Infrastructure), has been under construction since 14th June 2010 and has not been completed yet. within the budget of T.1660.21 Lakh.
According to the Lateran Treaty on February 11, 1929, Italian Prime Minister Benito Mussolini, with the permission of King Victor Emmoneul III of Italy, signed a treaty with the Holy See led by Pope Pius XI. According to the above promise, on that day the Vatican City will be an independent state with sovereignty.
In relation to other states in the North East, the Department of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship under PMKVY4.0 has set a target to train about 60,000 youth in Tripura and 35,000 youth in Nagaland in much.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the leaders of Jaintia Hills, Ampareen said, “I am here with the issues of the party and we stand on that and we reject the idea that the NPP has The NPP has its own identity.
There have been 444 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 1,287, the National Health Commission said in a separate statement.
Nongpoh, Nailar 25: Under the auspices of the Umsiang Border Area Development Committee (UBADC), the elders of the villages in Umsiang area, Ri Bhoi District have come out to congratulate the state government led by the government. MDA-2 led by Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister has appointed one of the MCS Officers, Raja Brahma as the Project Director of DRDA in Ri Bhoi District. He has been appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong Lajong FC will play against Aizawl FC on the 9th of October at 4:30 pm.
“Therefore, it is necessary to change the mindset of the people to work with the government to get rid of smuggling by 2019,” he said.
Bah Mayral Born Syiem, u Bah Mayral Born Syiem, has extended his special greetings to all the parents in Ri-Bhoi and the state as a whole who have responsibility for their families, on the occasion of Parents' Day. He also urged that parents should play a major role in curbing evil deeds in the society as we see that many of the youth in this age are involved in drugs and alcohol, marriage. children who affect the future of young people.
Police said that one of the injured was the owner of the truck and among the three injured, one was seriously injured and his life is in danger. you are afraid.
In educational institutions such as schools and colleges, student morality has deteriorated.
The NEC through NEDFi has launched a digital platform and a website called 'Advancing North East' in the form of a web. portal, which will provide detailed information and enlightenment to the youth of the North East on various education, employment opportunities and employment opportunities. such as the establishment of factories and others.
Conrad said the Government has decided to generate electricity from other clean and environmentally friendly sources and solar power generation is one of them.
She said that Manosha Lyngdoh was given household items and an expensive blanket.
The local leaders questioned how the factory got permission to operate next to the school which has been in existence since 5th June,
On Saturday, the BSF troops not only conducted games for the school children from the area but also distributed medicines to more than 200 people in these villages. the residents have benefited.
According to him, there were about 150-200 leaders in his party during the elections.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills District on Friday inspected the building and found that the building, which has been completed, is empty and locked. to be used.
Ardent handed over his resignation letter to the Chairman of KHADC, Mansturdy Nongrem at 2 pm today.
JD(S) Chief Minister HD Deve Gowda recently met with BJP Chief JP Nadda, Union Home Minister Amit Shah and The meeting said that the BJP and the JD(S) will work together and now it is only to explain in detail the remaining issues.
If the rock is high in iron, the resulting soil must often be high in iron.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek said, “It is very important at this time to ensure the safety of the people. that they that sell in the streets may be clean and pure.
“We strongly suspect that this incident is due to the MDC election, we don't want to inform the police but we will investigate thoroughly until we find out who did it and who sent them. “You are a son of a chess player and don't just do it by destroying your property,” said Lambok.
Russian President Vladimir Putin on Friday spoke about the death of Wagner commander Yevgeny Prigozhin and several other officers in a plane crash in recent days. past.
In the U-17 girls' category, Iewrynghep Secondary School beat H. Elias Memorial Higher Secondary School 2-1
On Tuesday, Israel ordered 1.1 million civilians in eastern Gaza to leave their homes to escape.
Speaking at a meeting with the Chief Executive Members at the KHADC, Adelbert said, “We will not be misled, these days, I see many articles written against me, I don't have time to “It's a good idea to talk to them, they're border guards, they die many times before they die,” he said.
As soon as she heard the Kali, the mother of the sons of Bah Shanbor came out on the porch.
The most worrying and heavy responsibility is for the candidates who come forward to nominate themselves before the people to become MLAs. thoroughly examine and examine such persons, women or men, who shall be eligible to be elected to the Legislative Assembly of the State, not to waste time. 21,11,000 voters of the State.
The forensic examination will be conducted and after receiving the report from the FSL and the Fire Service will be informed.
Similarly, the internet is not bad, it was created and produced to make work easier in today's society, but if we misuse it, it is dangerous! to the extent of the longbriew man.
The damage is worth tens of millions of dollars, according to the report.
The Fire Brigade has arrived since yesterday but today they have to leave for Shillong due to lack of oxygen and will return tomorrow, said the SP of East Jaintia Hills. .
The third round of the women's category will be between Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills at 12:30 pm and 2:30 pm. East Khasi Hills will play against West Garo Hills.
Speaking to media, the Lamphang said that a group of leaders on the fight against HIV/AIDS will take part in the fight against the disease through the conduct of public awareness programmes.
The Spl Superintendent of Police, CID, CA Lyngwa, MPS, said that the SDSEO had demanded T.30,000 from another teacher, DMI Mawnai. The purpose is to issue a certificate of transfer from Nongthymmai Government LP School to Nongbah Bynther Government LP School.
However, when our fellow human beings can no longer help us, we must ask for help from God.
The award winners were Upper Lumparing, Riat Laban-Kynjat Phutbol, ​​Lower Lumparing, Laban, Lumshatsngi-Kench's Trace, Kench's Trace, Kench's Trace. Trace, Oxford Hill & Rilbong, Lumparing Welfare Society, Lumparing Women's Cultural Society, Lumparing Nepali Secondary School, Lumparing Vidyapith Secondary School, Lumparing 5 Star Club, Lumparing Meghdoot Club, Lumparing Gorkha United Club.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Christian community for their services in the field of education and health across the country.
Shillong: The Rot Associations of Meghalaya (RAM) have spread their letters on various social media in the past few days and yesterday, they sent a letter to Rupang and in their letter. , which was sent in English, they said, “You don't know who we are.
Nongstoin, June 13: An employee of BSC from Swangre Camp has been abducted by unidentified robbers on Tuesday morning.
On the other hand, Bah Bless said that the HNLC was unable to participate in the wreath laying ceremony because they had some work to do on that day but they surrendered. On the occasion of the 23rd death anniversary of Balajied Dkhar, a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), who was shot dead by the police, The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on 23rd July 2023, laid a wreath at the memorial of the HNLC. Balajied Dkhar, a young man from the church of God, Qualapatty, Mawbah.
At his residence, Neymar demanded that his fridge be filled with Açaí juice and Guarana for his friends to drink. .
money.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) calls on all to unite under the leadership of the party on the issue of reservation policy.
We need your help to get our rights as students who are suffering even to pay for class fees.
“After reading the order, I called a meeting to discuss the Lineage Act and the Social Welfare Order,” said Paul.
Without the road, we farmers will not be able to develop our agriculture in all aspects,” said Bah Ribadskhem Shadap, Secretary.
The villages have the authority to ask the residents (including their fellow Khasi-Khara) for this information, in order to maintain peace in the community.
Dr. Bansod said that NeuroGen BSI is the world's largest treatment center for these diseases.
The SP said that the KSU members have tried to destroy the ambulance vehicles, places used by the people and they have no feeling.
“The coal is not running out anymore because the mining of coal continues not only in East Jaintia Hills but in other districts,” she said.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government respects the decision of the High Court on the election of a new Chief Executive Member (CEM) from the Khasi Hills. The Meghalaya High Court has decided to clarify the order of the High Court that it does not need to inform the Meghalaya Government regarding the election of a new CEM in the KHADC. On 28th July 2020, the Governor of Meghalaya should send a statement for the recognition of the EMs of KHADC in the District Council.
Kshitij did not witness the match but SCA-A managed to score in 10.2 overs.
Singh said that some people saw the vehicle driving up and down yesterday and when they caught it, they found drugs in the vehicle.
A house without books can be compared to a room without a door, which is difficult to live in because it is dead and dark, but a house with books brings life and character. good for people.
I am sure that if we think carefully we can distinguish between posts and vacancies, and I believe it explains what I said about the OM of 2022 being released and the OM of 1972... The Reservation Policy that we have had since 1972 is the Reservation of Vacancies, and it is only in the OM of 2022 that the policy has become the Reservation of Posts.
She also understands that others will know all about what is happening to her.
He said he had also consulted with the Minister of Revenue James K Sangma before taking this decision and announcing to the public that the Act has been repealed.
This is the magazine, which was founded by the King of Tripura, Pradyot Bikram Manikya Deb Burman in
When asked whether there have been allegations that the UDP does not want to cooperate with the TMC and Congress as they are national parties, Bah Metbah denied this and said there has been no such discussion.
“We express our gratitude to Bah LG Nongsiej who has worked hard for the party, the allegations against him are unacceptable because we have not seen anything that this leader of the party from Nongstoiñ will leave the party. “I don't want to be named,” said the leader, who did not want to be named because he said that there may be a political conflict within the HSPDP. Be careful because you don't want to cause any differences of opinion.
“We want everything to be clean and transparent,” said the CEM. The CEM said that the KHADC has already responded to the CAG on 22nd June this year. after receiving a letter from the office.
As soon as the light was turned off, they were cleansed and married.
The Seng strongly condemns this allegation by these three persons which is illegal and which has damaged the relationship between the villagers and other foreigners who have lived peacefully for many years. many years.
The 120 meter high bridge was constructed with the financial support of the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme of the village, the DRDA, the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) and the Mineral District. Funding (DMF).
It does not mean that they are those soldiers who have been specially authorized by the Government not to be screened or to be allowed to enter and leave without proper screening.
The Congress has done well in Punjab this time, winning eight Lok Sabha MPs out of 13 seats it has contested this time.
Therefore, as a wrestler, he should not rest but should continue to work hard and be a person who cares about his own life and avoids many kinds of evils which are the cause of destruction or loss of strength. halftime.
The decision was taken after the VC expressed his reluctance to convene an emergency meeting of the Academic Council despite many requests by the teachers through their unions and other groups, he said. President of the NEHUTA Prof Lakhon Kma in a statement issued today.
Regarding the allegation that the government has not been able to provide land, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that there are about 10% of the road which the land owners have not yet allocated land for the construction. Shillong-Dawki road and this has put the government in trouble.
Rev. Fr.Anselm Nonglang, Diocesan Administrator of Nongstoin Diocese as the chief guest, who also launched the book “Umpohliew Praise”, written by a group of prayer Nongstoiñ Diocese Charismatic Group.
“Georgeprince said that the order stipulates that any appointments in all government departments should be in accordance with the Roster System of Reservation Policy and also directed that the appointment and reservation procedure should be long beat in accordance with the Policy.
He urged the children to share this news so that others will know if there are such incidents and to teach them to be quick to reach out to those affected. He also urged them to immediately inform the relevant authorities if there are any incidents caused by natural disasters. Communities should be prepared to avoid disasters in the event of natural disasters.
Police said that they received a tip at about 4 pm that two persons identified as Regardfull Susngi, 24, of Nangbah Dukhu and Samphuhbha Pala, 24, of Nangbah Dukhu, were arrested at around 4 pm. Moodymmai Lumsalah has lost his life.
According to the rules set by Camp Cohen, children under the age of 6 should always be supervised or guarded to avoid any danger, especially when This place of worship is tall and longer than their height.
This happens after Jesus is buried in the tomb of Joseph of Arimathea.
The body has been laid to rest at the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
“I am afraid that the present rules will reduce the salaries of MLAs, ministers and sharing bonuses but the officers will be happy when there will be no more high command etc.
The teams that win will have a two-week break before returning to the season at Brands on the 8th and 9th of March.
Regarding the road, he said that the construction of the road in Jowai Mihmyntdu has been completed.
Pompeo, who was in Rome today, wanted to meet with Vatican leaders, but Pole's two representatives, the Secretary of State, Cardinal Pietro Parolin and the Foreign Minister, were reportedly unable to meet. Archbishop Paul Gallagher has made it clear that Pope Francis does not want to meet with Pompeo because he does not want to use the Catholic Church and any political party ahead of the elections. to be in the United States.
“Kong to go to Pyndengrei you have to go by which road...” He waited for them to answer “You want to go to Pyndengrei Bah.
We, the Garo, have our own special court in which the Kurs have the authority to judge when there is any dispute between the Kurs and the longing longsem on the basis of customs and traditions.
Sultan Muhammad, 50, and his wife, 27, have divorced after six months of marriage. of Malaysia.
The crucifixion and resurrection of Jesus Christ are precious historical events in the world and Frank Macchia does not deny that the Resurrection of Jesus Christ renews the hope of yesterday.
According to the source, these people are not Nagas.
When he was released from prison, the mob dragged him to a distance of four miles from the prison, and bombed and stoned him on the highway until he died.
The new cases are EGH: 1, EJH: 4, EKH: 93, RBD: 8, SWKH: 1, WGH: 4, WJH: 3 and WKH:
Therefore, the farmers of the area who have been severely affected by the cold weather have urged the government to take action before the farmers of the area die of starvation.
He also commended the various Dorbar Shnongs for organizing the Common Platform through which the candidates will have the opportunity to explain to the people their objectives after their victory in the election.
"The names of the 23 players of the country are: Goalkeepers: Sahil, Julfikar Gazi and Pranav Sundarraman.
He added that the people of the state will support the NPP because they have seen how the NPP is working to solve the problems of the people.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to the shopkeepers in Iewduh, to open only 15 percent or 185 shops per day. , shall be appointed by the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Incident Commander, Zone IV, Shillong.
However, the government cannot provide water,” he said, adding that the crops on more than 3.5 lakh acres of land have witnessed that they need a lot of water.
The procession will begin with a prayer at 9:15 pm and will be followed by a Holy Mass at 10 pm, led by Most Rev. Leopoldo Girelli, Apostolic Nuncio to India. and Nepal, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong and a number of other newly ordained Bishops including Most Rev. Wilbert Marwein, Bishop of Nongstoin, Most Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar, Bishop of Jowai and Most Rev. Joachim Walder, Auxiliary Bishop of Aizawl.
“These rules need to be enforced regardless of whether we start or not but the old ones need to be enforced,” he said.
Referring to the shooting incident in Mon District of Nagaland, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said it has nothing to do with illegal activities, thus showing that the AFSPA has nothing to do with forest activities. do nothing at all about the wildlife in these areas.
However, here we are strongly aware that we do not encourage all children to follow the example of this Hebrew, but it depends on the circumstances and the power they can do, lest it cause injury to them. he is the one who helps.
The sanctuaries often cause problems to the people because there are rules to prohibit and prohibit the people from farming inside the sanctuary and outside the sanctuary. to lose is the people.
In the U-14 women's category, Rosy Sana won the best player award. of East Jaintia Hills District, which scored 591 points after winning a gold medal in the men's 600 metres, won the title by Henry Yoga A Sangma of North Garo Hills District won two gold medals in the 60 and 600 metres.
He also informed Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, MLA & MDC, CEM, KHADC, that the Dorbar will meet on the 4th June 2013, at Lumbasuk, Demthring, Shillong, at 11 am. The Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India has sent a letter to the Government of Meghalaya to seek the views and opinions of the Government of Meghalaya on the demand of the Chief Executive Members to receive to his own Council according to treaties and promises.
Speaking at a welcoming ceremony for the joining of other parties to the United Democratic Party in Mawkyrwat constituency, UDP Central Body President Metbah Lyngdoh said: He said that he has never seen that many people will come to listen to such meetings because the elections are far away.
He wrapped the present in a plastic bag.
On the other hand, the union urges the Deputy Commissioner to take action in this regard and to provide a proper and large machine transformer in Wapung village and also to install a machine transformer. Sub Station at Wapung Village.
The current study surveyed 24,000 people between 1981 and 2018 and asked people who got up early, who watched at night and found that 10 percent are night watchers, 33 percent sleep well, 29 percent are morning sleepers and 27.7 percent are morning sleepers.
Bah Blah said the government's decision was only a political ploy and said the implementation of the ILP would not affect the economic development in the state.
In a statement, Zoramthanga said he had also discussed with the officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government – ​​who have also given approval to send more security forces of the Government It is located in the state of Manipur.
“This rally and public meeting to be held by the FKGJP will serve as a witness that the youth should not be left behind if any government fails to give them what they deserve,” said Arengh.
He/she has passed the sample questions of the MBOSE that more questions should be set from the text book of the students and only a few questions should be changed only to recognize the talented students.
Replying to Tein's remarks, Antonio War, EM said that the KHADC is still waiting for the report of the KHCF, regarding the two-day festival at Mawphlang in
These countries represent 2/3 of the world's population, 85% of global GDP, and 75% of trade.
On the part of the Waheh Shnong Namdong B, Ma DS War, he congratulated the Department of Agriculture for providing this training and urged the farmers to make proper use of the equipment and training they have received. to meet the requirement of fertilizer for planting and burial.
“They should not stand out without thinking of others and they should not just walk around without thinking,” he said.
If this is not the case, it is useless to issue an order and what is the point of ordering Government employees to declare their assets if there is no hearing to ensure that the wealth they have is in accordance with the law? Their right is not to earn anything else, that is, 'Bamsap'
Besides, the Congress leader said that the people in the area wanted to bring about change, and other leaders.
On the other hand, the HNYF admitted that it has also sought information from the office of the Licensing Officer of KHADC on the documents whether these two companies have provided the documents which they should have provided. The HNYF has found that the I-PAC has been applying for Trading License this month. CAPLIB Information Pvt Ltd. has not applied for the application even after five months of its operation in the state and set up its office in Nongthymmai, Shillong.
He said the regional committee could submit its report to the state government before April, and that the visit would start within the last month of this month or in April.
He said that he cannot promise that it will come to the state because it is a matter that has to be discussed with another state but “I promise that I will try to get back these villages. with all your skill and strength" he added.
Because we the people always want good and clean roads for easy travel from one place to another.
The categories of the tournament include Boys and Girls Under-13, Under-15 and Under
Immediately, these militants, managed to enter and surround 50 soldiers, in the camp and there, the fighting, started, through these women soldiers, to kill all the soldiers. kite that ehrang.
The Chief Minister said that MeECL has faced many challenges in the past years and many times the government has taken steps to strengthen the department. light that they should pay the light bill so that this department can be strong.
The BJP has expressed its anger over the Ar Maloi Bill introduced by the government in the Legislative Assembly which was passed by a majority in the Legislative Assembly which was passed by seven MLAs. Speaking to reporters, BJP General Secretary David Kharsati said that the Supreme Court has decided to resign from the post of MDC. The Supreme Court on 30th July has ruled that the post of MDC is not under the Office of Profit and MLAs can also become MDCs. The MDCs have resigned because of this law,” said David.
Didimus Nongsiej, Rangbah Dong of Mawkhmahwir, said that there is a patrolling of the VDPs of Pyndengrei village. The VDPs have raided the house and the SI known as TD Momin has opened fire with a pistol and threatened to shoot the house. the volunteers of the village.
There are many residents in the rural areas or even in the urban areas who misunderstand the quarantine and especially those people who have to do this home quarantine. home quarantine in these days I have heard this with my own ears and there are also those who say that you should not approach those people who have done home quarantine even after they have finished their quarantine as directed by the authorities or the authorities of the government.
On the complaint and the withdrawal of the case by the contractor, James said it depends on the person as it is the personal will of the person.
The ceremony to commemorate the death anniversary of Pairm Tirot Sing Syiem and the students of Ri Bhoi District was held today at the District Library Auditorium Hall, Nongpoh.
Christmas renews our faith and hope in righteousness and truth.
Ma Ledy's return home came after the request of Bah Gigur as MLA to gather together with his supporters who have fled. agreed to cooperate with the MLA especially in the development works for the development of the backward area.
In East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases have been reported.
The incident happened at a distance of 50 meters from the office of the Superintendent of Police in Williamnagar.
When the last days come, God tells us, the sun will be darkened, the moon will not give its light, the stars will fall from heaven, and then the sign of the Son of Man will appear. and then shall they see the Son of man coming in the clouds of heaven with great glory: and he sent his angels, and they gathered together the elect from the four winds, from one end of heaven to the other. that day (Matt. 24:29-31).
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Hingaria unit in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs of Hingaria in the presence of Hingaria Wahhhnong Samson Lamin, Borghat Wahhhnong Kyrmen Swer, Natbor Wahhhnong Lap Suchen and Bah D Lamare at the meeting. On 17th June, they submitted a petition to the Chief Engineer of PWD (RDs), Central, Shillong to request for the repair of the road from Lama to Wah Prang Hingaria. many to the passengers of the border area as a whole.
“This work is in progress and it will be a blessing to be able to deliver this railway line for the development of the state,” he said.
Besides Ministers Kharlukhi and Kharbuki, the Minister in charge of Mylliem Market, Minister K. Langstieh was also present at the meeting.
Also present on the occasion were the President and General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya (Parent's Body), Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh and N. Chakraborty.
He said that the HPC will discuss with their lawyer to consider the options available to them and also to seek their opinion whether to accept or reject this.
The election of the Waheh Shnong will be by secret ballot and the residents should not be less than half of the population of the Shnong.
These three areas include Deshdomrea, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Borduar.
The Screen Committee also approved the nomination of Member of Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Saleng A. Sangma to contest for the election of MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he has had talks and meetings with the Union Minister to help in the development of farmers in the state.
They demanded that the Prime Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma should appoint an inquiry into the incident and punish the officer who committed the crime.
Earlier, a resolution was passed on the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled under the Constitution of India under Article 280 Clause (3) and Sub-Clause (ca) relating to “The JHADC in Meghalaya needs financial assistance through the Finance Commission including the local rulers from the Dolloi elected according to the the rules of the District Council through the authority and advice of the Finance Commission of the State Government”.
The Golden Jubilee will be celebrated on 28th July
He said that if the officer does not provide the information, a complaint should be lodged with the court for justice.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Rangshken Unit led by Samla Rocky Jana as President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) under the leadership of Samla Barikupar Pataw as General Secretary on the 7 On the 1st of this month, they visited the health center in Rangshken village which has been idle since 2012 even after its construction.
Cricket Lovers Sohra beat Lumpaia Avengers CC by 4 wickets while Marbisu CC beat Thynrooit SCC by 1 wicket. The bowlers failed to tied first and set a target of 93 runs for the loss of all wickets in 18.4 overs.
For larger projects such as the establishment of factories, the village depends not only on the willingness of the people to work, but also on the availability of the Government which can pay for the establishment and construction of the factories. factory, such as a foreign dew factory or a paper factory and others.
According to the EMu, after the EC has explained to the employees and promised to pay their salaries within six months, many employees have returned to work. but there are those who are strong.
Kitboklang Pale scored the first goal in the 22nd minute, but Bengaluru opened the scoring in the 80th minute through Lamgoulen Hangshing.
The sixth report also shows that 92,269.43 metric tonnes of coal have been illegally mined and will be investigated under the MMDR Act
This village within the Raid Rangnah, which has 25 households, has the residence of the ancient Syiem on a hill called Kyntiah Diengsaw.
Kali Kumar Tongchangya, MDC, who is the only candidate to contest for the post of Chairman of CADC, has been elected without any objection to take over the post.
Many shows including NBC's The Tonight Show, Comedy Centre's Daily Show, ABC's Jimmy Kimmel Live, CBS's The Late Show and NBC's Late Night have decided not to show anything until the demands of the storytellers are met.
During the inspection, she also met with Dr M.Mazumdar, Director of the hospital in the area.
The 1st Mawklot Youth Association (MYA) under the leadership of President Ricky Nongdhar has concluded the 1st Mawklot Youth Association Football Tournament.
In fact, in Meghalaya, quarrying and shyiap mining is much older than coal and quarrying and the number of people who earn a living from these activities is much higher than that of coal or quarrying.
It is undeniable that these days many of the students in the state have to face the suffering of unemployment and many of the students who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to face the suffering of unemployment. to sit without work without jam.
He said that earlier from Tura to Shillong, the people had to travel from Guwahati to return to Shillong, but now with the contribution of Bah Pala and the Congress government the state has got a proper highway.
The death toll in Tamil Nadu has risen to
This time, the booklets have been discontinued since
The installation of water pipes or electrical wires and drains should be proper so that there is no need to dig hundreds of times as we see in Shillong until it is dark. .
One of the Christian Brothers, speaking to reporters outside St Edmund's Campus, said, “There has been an incident and we understand the pain of the victim. and we want to talk about it".
It means that the Galatians did not follow the Gospel of Christ, but another Gospel that pleased only men and not God.
However, according to the latest reports, in Ratacherra and Malidor there is a shortage of JCBs and there is no excavator to clear the road and remove the stones.
This man who was created from the dust of the ground is Eve, which means life.
The campaign is part of the Tobacco Free Educational Institutions (ToFEI) program conducted in the state where school children have participated as pioneers in the fight against the use of tobacco. Our state has the highest number of cancer cases in the country where about 8,000 people die every year from eating and drinking.
Next to this road which has turned into a garbage dump there is a Post Office and a BSNL office and the fire has spread to the Post Office.
Pankaj Roy tied 45 runs off 41 balls and Johnward scored 29 runs off 17 balls.
The meeting was conducted by Andreas Myrmen and welcome speeches were delivered by Head Teacher Unity Shylla and Waheh Shnong Shen Resting Tariang.
Leaders of Sohkyndur Village under the leadership of Rangbah Shnong Bah S Mawlong, have strongly condemned the robbers involved in the stone throwing at the residence of MDC Umsning.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude for the opening of the road and football ground which will be a blessing to the residents of the area.
To conclude this article, it is pleasant to turn to the poet Soso Tham, who wrote so beautifully about the heroes and warriors of the country who lived in the past.
Christina Ashten Gourkani, also known as Ashten G, 34, has attracted many fans on social media.
“There has been a discussion about my son for 15-20 days.
Uttarakhand scored 138/3 for 218 runs on the second day of the match.
It is also worth mentioning that Uranus Stone Product & Co.
“Should we as MLAs just listen or should we force the government to review the RS for the sake of the future of the youth and as MLAs we have to answer in our own constituencies.
Part 3 – This next king, who did not respect the Israelites, oppressed them and made them slaves – but the Israelites grew.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah P.Dunai, Range Forest Officer, Nongpoh Wildlife Range, said that the Wildlife Department, Nongpoh Range, as soon as they saw the killing of the bsein, they did not take action. I found the place where the Cobra was killed.
A day after the end of the election, on 4th October 2023, Tenny lodged a complaint with the police on allegations that Marquis, the NPP candidate for the election, had violated the the rules of the Election Commission of India through his public announcements.
Answering a question in the House, on the visit of the KHADC to the places where foreign workers are stationed, the EM said that the department visits these places from time to time.
“The Supreme Court has ruled that Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes from one state cannot be appointed to another state. court says you can't bring reservation on reservation what do you do about it? The Supreme Court has said that the roster will work forward. You cannot choose the judgments of the court to implement what benefits you and reject what is against the government”.
Shillong, June 7: The Banbudai Village Council has set a deadline of 10 months for the government to explain why it has not been able to implement the road from Umsning Mawrong to Umsning Mawrong. I don't know in Ri-Bhoi.
According to the government's population projection, the population of the state by the end of 2020 will be 34 lakh, including the Khasi-Jaintia, Garo and other ethnic groups. They are the citizens of Meghalaya in all 11 districts.
Baitlang Pohsngap, one of the elders of Khimusniang village who used to contest the MDC election for the JHADC, has joined the United Democratic Party (UDP).
If anyone is involved in disrupting the peace and order, he/she will have to take responsibility,” warned the VPP.Tura, July 18: Taekwondo players from East Khasi Hills district Once again, she won gold medals in all the Taekwondo events held at the Montfort Center in Tura.
They are also like the thlen of mountains and rivers who destroy the environment just for their own benefit.
It is unfortunate that even today, the divisions among Christians are still rampant, in which many of them are hypocrites to show to the world that they are at peace while in their own country they are stirring up trouble and pointing fingers at others. ban and lion.
Shillong, Nailur 01: The Shillong College in collaboration with the Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC), Shillong College in collaboration with the Internal Quality Assurance Cell (IQAC), Shillong College has held a two-day National Conference on the topic The Issue of Electronic Waste: Environmental Concerns, Management and Opportunities for Entrepreneurship on 29 and 30 November 2022.
The Border Security Force (BSF) of Meghalaya from 193 Bn on the 9th of this month once again seized a large quantity of juti and illegal drugs. T.11 lakh worth of illegal drugs have been seized from the border areas of East Khasi Hills District.
“The BJP is ready to help.
“After receiving the report from all the Deputy Commissioners, and also after hearing the request from various religious groups, the government has decided to allow the opening of places of worship from the 16th. November 2021, but the attendance should not exceed 1/3′′, he said.
The Assam Government has not respected this decision by letter No.B.124/132 dated 15.10.70 and has conducted the survey alone.
Speaking about her films, Deepika has just starred in Pathaan which was a block buster film and we will also see her in Fighter with Hrithik Roshan as well as in Project K with Impact.
Earlier, a Dkhar died after being burnt by petrol in a shop in Motphran.
Boys HSS won the gold medal, Adrick Daemitre Pathaw of North Liberty HSS won the silver medal and Emitre Laloo of Seiñraij HSS won the bronze medal.
The two schools are James Music School which received T.3 lakh and Medlina Music School which received T.1 lakh.
Speaking to media, Bah Lyngdoh said that in order to encourage the visit of any group, it will not be a source of insult to other ethnic groups living in the area. and in order for the Khasi brothers and sisters in the area to escape from any violence or harassment, they should inform the District authorities.
Ganold, in the merger of two ethnic parties, left the HSPDP and joined the HPU, where he contested the election from the party in
Referring to the vacancies in education and the condition of schools in Tura, the candidate said, “This Government has put education first in its election campaigns. in 2018 and asked for votes.
Mount Dorbin, Mount Lama, Mount Sarynthu, Raksiah, Pdeiñ, Chahlyer and others are called Pnar Suda. Even many villages inhabited by Karbi are called Pnar; They include Umkhyrmi, Mookoilum, Moothade, Tahpat, Mynni Rtiang, Umshara, Mooiong and others.
We are not thinking only of ourselves, but we are thinking of the education of the state as a whole.
Shillong, July 25: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, today held a celebration of Voter Day with the participation of leaders of political parties like the Congress led by Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh and the UDP led by Bah Alan Dkhar, Secretary UDP who expressed their concern over the performance of the financial authorities during the elections.
The purpose of the meeting with the EM of the Elaka was to show their support against the Syiem who allegedly auctioned the land on Mawpat Hill without the knowledge of the Hima. .
An armed group known as Lawei Ba Phyrngao has identified itself as a group of 37 unemployed youths and has threatened to plant and blow up bombs in schools in Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Shapborlang Wanniang said that it is not the duty of the political parties to take decisions for the future of the people, because the political parties are only seekers of truth to bring to the people. but the people themselves shall have to take the rain for the future.
Mukul Sangma has been criticized by the opposition including the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the National People's Party (NPP) after ANVC (B) Political Secretary Ajaju Marak recently released a statement. The Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, has used the party members in the last elections.
Another meirad called the Iong, because she was a person of iong blood, after the children who inherited from her, they became known as the Jait 'Mawiong'
C. Pohiing, Rudy Gassah and Diwanroi Syngkor.
There are many schemes within the health department, such as JSY, tika injections, Village Health and Nutrition Day or special training on nutrition.
Khliehriat, Lber 9 :The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, East Jaintia Hills District, which was scheduled to hold the fete on the 11th October 2023, has announced that due to unavoidable reasons, it has to be canceled and will be cancelled. The Lucky Draw and the new date of the fete will be announced soon by the Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District.
So far, according to the report, the state government has collected revenue of T.77.25 crore from coal from the 11,02,950 metric tonnes of coal that has been mined and transported.
After the meeting, the people of the Hima also signed their names as a sign of their support and approval of the issues discussed at the Dorbar Hima.
Steward Ryntong scored a hat trick in the 9th, 34th and 87th minutes.
Lambokstar said this is just a ploy to say that the ILP cannot be implemented because Meghalaya is the gateway to other states.
And what is more shocking is that they have tried hard to mislead others and their work and that of the Khasi is the same and there is no difference and they say that the culture of They and the culture of the Khasi are the same and they have tried to bury the truth just to deceive those who are stupid to become bigger and bigger.
Other speakers on the occasion included Rinibeth Patlong, Program Manager, MCSWA, Philia Paslein, Counselor, ICTC Khliehriat, Dr.J. Nongtdu, M.O, DMDO, DISHA Khliehriat, Bah W Dohling, DD, MACS, Shillong and others.
From his statement that the duty of the Vice-Chancellor is only in the Administration, it is clear that he does not understand the position he holds.
A lot of challenges, stumbling blocks in life that I face, but of course, I've overcome all of this," she said.
He added that even the holy books were not allowed to be taken because of the terrible fire.
P.Khyriem scored the first goal for Laitkyrhong in the 58th minute from the penalty spot.
At present, the project will take many years to start generating electricity.
The Dhar clan is a clan whose ancestors are from the Pnar Hills.
About 500 people gathered outside the venue.
He also explained to the Governor regarding the intention to promote fish production through the conduct of workshops for the development of fish farming as well as the development of fish seeds in the state.
At first, these positions may be for one year and after that, the agencies renew that contract with the employees.
He also urged for the revival or re-operation of the Meghalaya Cement Corporation Limited (MCCL) Factory which has been a source of food for the people of Sohra area.
“The HPC has demanded that all 342 households should have 200 square meters of land to build their houses and the Government should pay the cost of construction to the households. of the Houses.
Meghalaya, which started tied first, scored 43 runs with Mrityunjay Bharali (21) and Mrinal Das (13).
Not only that, he said that this school is not only for those who have a connection with the Catholic faith but for all those youths of the area who have a desire to seek knowledge.
Carehome said that during the illness he had a strange dream and through that dream he was instructed to find such plants that will help people to get healthy. and when he awoke from his sleep, the sickness from his body was healed.
The decree to kill all the Jews went out from Shushan the palace in the reign of King Xerxes, who ruled from Ethiopia to India.
The Advisory Council has been convened to look into this issue due to the Central Government's intention to pass the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill which could seriously affect the livelihood of the indigenous people. the Khasi people of Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, the new MLA of Nongstoiñ and MDC said, “I will put the people first and I will provide the best service to them.
“Oh Niakha, you're here.
The Institute of Bio-Resources and Sustainable Development (DBT-IBSD), which is the Department of Biotechnology under the Ministry of Science and Technology of the Union Government, celebrated this special day at 6th Mile. , Upper Shillong.
Ardent said this at an election campaign rally for the VPP candidate at Iawthymme Ladthadlaboh Jowai on Tuesday.
Before releasing the ambulance and handing it over to the NPP unit in Shillong, Prestone said that the people of the Riwar area now have two ambulances, one at Pynursla and one at Shillong.
God is still speaking to Christians today that those who have repented and been cleansed by the blood of Jesus, we must no longer shed blood, because they are clean.
He said the Assam Government has said that the Principals of Colleges will be forced to fill up to 665 teaching vacancies within six months.
I'll protect you.
They also do not receive ration, and other schemes or assistance from the government.
Speaking on the launch of VBSY which is based on the four Amrit principles of Viksit Bharat, the Prime Minister recalled the Nari Shakti of India, Yuva Shakti, farmers and and said that the development of these four rishot will make India a developed country.
Amit Shah said that the North East is like the blood of India and we have to take care of it and while we bring about development, we must also preserve its customs and culture. area.
At the same time, the Club FSOMA (The Revolution MMA) also congratulates the Meghalaya Association Kickboxing Organization (MAKO).
At present they receive their monthly salary but in 2016 and 2017 they did not receive their salary for about 12 months and when the government paid their salary The government has also tried to pay their salaries gradually but until now the government has not paid them in full for 8 months.
In a statement, the BJYM said that the BJP has exposed the mistake of the word “poiwir” which in fact means that the party has recognition and to give Special protection for the people of the North East living in Delhi.
He also said that the disappearance of many newspapers.
According to Noel Lenski, a historian, during this festival the men used to drink kiad bhor and law lyngkhuit, while the young women stood in line to be sympathized by the shabub so that they would be equal in marriage. you pun.
They were angry with the state government for delaying the implementation of the committees which have not yet completed their work.
KHNAM said that from time to time it has been revealed that the implementation of the roster system has started from behind and the Government has tried to mislead the political parties and the people.
Father Anthony said that first of all he would like to thank God the Creator for once again blessing the school as well as the teachers, the students and the parents who have followed them. their children.
Besides, the increase in police force, the opposition leader said the main reason is to improve the weapons in the police force.
Indeed, we are the heritage that sees these things what the Word of God says.
She demanded that AMD and UCIL should also explain where they got permission.
The workshop will also help the stakeholder groups to analyze and study the problems and reasons why there are still problems in the efforts to obtain the vaccine. completely.
Chidambaram also quoted the Center for Monitoring the Indian Economy (CMIE) report showing that more than 10 crore Indians have lost their jobs due to the outbreak of Covid-1 The income of each household has declined slightly since the outbreak of the disease in July last year.
The Wapungtre Village, together with the relatives, have searched for the woman yesterday and today the Dorbar Shnong has banned the Syndon Village from going out to search for the woman.
Shillong: U Vincent Pala, MP of the Lok Sabha, today raised the issue of the flooding of coal miners in East Jaintia Hills. Ma Vincent has written to the Speaker of the House, saying that he wants to discuss in the House, the need to help rescue these coal miners who have been flooded in Mizoram, according to a statement issued. The Shillong Times today.
When he was able to do so, he asked Kiang to speak khaddooh.
In this world and war, it is not easy to expect that the people will be as poor as before, because in the fields of rice, people are poor.
He said that the introduction of the railway line by Bah Vincent Pala will benefit whom and how much it will make a difference in the price of goods brought by rail and goods brought by truck.
Several cows have died from the disease which has caused a huge loss to the cow farmers especially to the poor families who used to rely on them to feed them. it is necessary only for the work of Christ.
When asked if the BJP would investigate the many corruption allegations against the government, Ao said, “Let us form the government first and then we will work and show order in the working. the government".
As everyone knows, the National Highway East Jaintia Hills District connects many states in the North East like Assam, Nagaland, Mizoram, Manipur and other states. Vehicles pass through this road and this traffic jam causes problems to the passengers every day from time to time.
On this occasion, Samla Aristone M.Ryndongsngi, thanked his parents, who supported and encouraged him and also thanked the teachers who taught him. to him and to all his friends, who have supported him physically and spiritually.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Hill Farmer's Union (KHADC) today met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and the Executive Member Market, Kong Grace Kharpuri. expressed his gratitude to the Market Act, which the Governor recently passed.
Hundreds and thousands of years ago, during the time of the Holy Age, it was said that people did not know about that money and did not even think about it, so their thoughts were clean.
The demand of the civil society groups is that the MeECL authorities should appoint more staff so that the department can supply electricity to Garo Hills.
He said that although he will no longer contest the MDC election, he will continue to work and be a member of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Juti should be placed in the vehicles of those who attend church, or in a separate place, where they will have to be kept separately, while in Christian churches, they may be allowed to wear church clothes. , but there should be special places for believers to wear and put their shoes in the synagogue.
Edmund Khongngai, President HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle, said that these three organizations will hold a public meeting at Pynursla on the 9th of July at 12 noon. The CEM together with the MDCs of KHADC will explain the bill. The people of Bri u Hynniewtrep are invited to attend the meeting to understand the bill.
Warning:You don't have to.
“We have received assurance from the government through the Chief Adviser Bah DD Lapang that it will release Bah Kharbani immediately,” he said.
This is the case of Thangkhiew Nongkseh v.
The establishment of this school has produced many students who have learned and prominent in the field of football such as Aiborlang Khongjee, Kong Wansuk who is the first Khasi woman to climb Mt. Everest and others.
However, it was a shock, as only about 100 percent of the road has been completed, including the black topping and other parts that have been cleaned.
In the past few days, officials of the Assam government together with the police have come up to erect pillars in the two villages to claim ownership of these villages.
The Chairman of the Four Shnongs, Ma Adrin Dkhar, strongly condemned the Jowai Municipal Board and alleged that the JMB's garbage dumping is a violence and insult to the people of the area.
Charles also suggested that the council should take over from the government to run the primary schools. Martle said there has never been any proposal from the government to take over the primary schools. schools which the government has taken over to run independently from the schools run by the council in earlier years.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Lamphrang Blah, Chairman of KHADC, Bah Fantin Lakadong, EM of KHADC, Director of Sports Department, Isawanda Laloo (IAS).
Pangñiang said that there are dozens of political parties in the state which are fighting from time to time and even the national parties have many, but they have not remembered that the Khasi Jaintia State has It is the main way to solve the problems of the state, especially in the employment of the youth and others.
The Dolloi's school is covered with his hands, And the light is covered with the Kñi of the loompyrdi.
These two youngsters of Ri Bhoi who have been prominent in the field of sports have been selected as the Ri Bhoi Idol on the 20th November 2022 to be the journalists to encourage them. The people of Ri Bhoi who have reached the age of 18 years and above to register their names on the Electoral Roll for the right to elect their leaders.
However, at the same time, he said, “The struggle for power, to cause trouble without a proper reason, will not happen and the party does not want that”.
These are only examples, but many of these methods of work are like this, because it is impossible to write them all here.
In the letter, Rapsang said that on October 2, 2018, a vehicle was burnt down opposite Persara School at 11:3 bad last night.
Speaking to reporters, Bishnu Teron, said it is very sad to see the riots and violence that have affected the peace and order in those villages on the border of Meghalaya. -Assam, so when such incidents happen, the blame does not go to the people living in these villages, but should be blamed directly on these two governments, because of their failure to resolve the issue. to these things.
The SAFF in a statement appeals to all the residents to maintain peace and order among all the residents of the state and to refrain from any attempts to create hatred and bloodshed. .
“We cannot just listen to this, so we request you the dewbilat traders of the area to stop buying or selling TOPCEM produced from Lumshnong, East Jaintia Hills District,” said the statement. .
On this occasion, he said he could not say anything because the money was distributed during the ARPA rule when Bah PT Sawkmie was the EM in charge of Water Resources.
Regarding the debt of Nazareth, Rupang could not get in touch with the management of the hospital, due to the lack of contact with the Administrator of the hospital, despite several attempts.
However, on 12th June 2020, he was handed over to Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
These people who have been appointed are still working in this office.
Shillong: Three workers have lost their lives after being trapped in a sudden earthquake at Dong Lum Rumnong in Mawpat Circle-III at about 1 pm this morning.
The same voice was held in Mawthadraishan, where the supporters said that if Bah Shakliar Warjri from the HSPDP has joined the government, why didn't he say from the beginning of the election that they will support Biolinda Lyngdoh? Nonglait, who is from the NPP party, said that if there is no change in the decision taken by these HSPDP MLAs, there may be no change in the decision of the HSPDP MLAs. The meeting of the party leaders to discuss what should be done against these two MLAs. It is worth mentioning here that on Tuesday, Bah KP Pangniang President of the HSPDP, immediately The NPP has sent a letter to the President of the NPP, Conrad Sangma, saying that the party has no information on the joining of these two MLAs to the NPP-led government. Nongstoiñ, Lber, 3: The results of the 2023 MLA elections have witnessed the cleanliness of the NPP party in the three districts of West Khasi Hills. Eastern West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
It sent 35 players to the tournament led by Monica Nongrum, International Referee & Coach Angelus Sun and five leaders.
Those who have proper grounds and once they have fulfilled the requirements can obtain a trading licence.
The biggest factor affecting the growth of the ethnic groups is the cultivation of shyrti.
Last month, Ma spoke about the importance of the 996 working system, which is to work 12 hours a day and 6 days a week.
In the raid conducted last June, the department registered 19 cases and seized 45,400 liters of pyrsi and 13,955 liters of phareng.
“Where do they get the authority to build bridges, electricity lines and their camps in the territory of Assam?” he asked.
Vehicles will run 20 percent in the city and 30 percent in the rural areas.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 112 active cases in the state.
“The intention of the Government is clear whether in the past term or in the current term and I speak clearly that the High Level Committee should not get a place and in fact “I will ensure that the surveillance will be conducted throughout Meghalaya,” said Bah Tynsong.
“The reason why we have expelled us is that we the land owners in Thieddieng Village have been opposed to this project of NEEPCO, since the beginning of the inspection until now, because we don't want or accept it at all. NEEPCO's project,” said Bah Sohtun in a statement.
The authorities of these three Himas have made it clear that they do not agree with the decision taken by the government to allocate land to Assam without consulting the land owners and residents on the border. The meeting was attended by the Syiem of Jirang Hima, HR Wahlang, Secretary of Nongspung Hima E. Mawlong, Basan Nongkseh of Mylliem Hima, Nathaniel Thangkhiew, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Ken Syiem, Lawyer Erwin Sutnga, IS Teron, Chief Adviser, Rangbah Shnongs of nine villages and various civil society organizations.
The closure of the factory was led by Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of the union, in the presence of leaders from the circles and members. The factory has only a NOC from the Rangbah Shnong, Syiem of Raid Marwet and a Trading License from the District Council. The union has also found that there are not even people who know how to use the machines in the factory.
The Clerk of the Court has presided over and ordered: Lamkynto: Member (77) of the judgment of the Clerk of the Court:- (77) Even if the law clearly states that the promises in the judgment -proposed that it cannot be construed as a corrupt practice under Section 123 of the Public Administration Act (RP Act), the fact cannot deny that the distribution of goods -ïoh-ei that somehow, without doubt, they will stir up all the people.
Those who led the donation included Remington Syngkli, Secretary, FKJGP Western Zone, President Bah Center Doloi and BJP candidate Bah Center Doloi. Gee Barrel.
The family has lodged a complaint at Nartiang Police Station saying that the village leaders from the Waheh Shnong, members of the Executive Committee and the village as a whole have been involved in the incident. It was decided to expel the family from the village.
The signing ceremony was led by Home Minister Amit Shah, Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Finance Minister Ranjan. The agreement was signed by ABSU President Pramod Boro and BTC Chief Hagrama Mohilary.
“This is a disrespectful and disgraceful act of the VC which also affects the authority, value and dignity of NEHU,” said MeTTA. The Pro-Vice Chancellor of NEHU has strongly criticized the statement of the teachers of the university.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Khliehriat Circle on Tuesday renewed its office bearers at the Community Hall Khliehriat West.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Search Committee, which was set up on 24th November, includes the Commissioner and Secretary of the Social Welfare Department. Social Welfare Department and other members.
However, it will be a blessing to the youth at present, if the Government works hard to bring about comprehensive and coherent changes in the Reservation Policy for youth job seekers. government.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Kharlukhi said that even those people who allege that Boston was kidnapped, think only of the NPP and it is clear that even if they work, they see only the NPP. “If something happens, they blame only the NPP, which means they sleep and see the NPP, they work and see the NPP and other than that they don't see anything,” he said. said Dr Kharlukhi.
For three years those leaders in the government did not know the people.
Two more soldiers have tested positive for Covid-19 in Shillong, Conrad Sangma said on Twitter.
He also expressed his hope that the MDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sanma will be able to resolve the issue as expected by the people.
“To ensure that the peace talks will be successful, we demand that the charges against the HNLC leaders should be terminated and forgiven.
Langrin alone has 133.14 million tonnes of coal, while Sohra has 19.0 million tonnes.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The students of Sohra College (SGCSU) have expressed their gratitude to the Minister in charge of DHTE, Roshan Warjri. which has been able to appoint teachers in the subject of Education as required.
He said that the Government needs to cleanse itself on this issue because the blood is in the hands of the MDA-I. by protecting those who obey the laws of the Government.
Imphal: A Kuki village in Kangpoki district of Manipur has been attacked by unidentified persons, according to sources.
“Referring to the Social Welfare Department, there is an urgent need to set up centers for people with disabilities in the districts and the community,” said Bah Marngar. in the discussion on the Budget in the Legislative Assembly.
At the distribution ceremony, Bah Eslowel Kharbani, one of the youths of the village who has also donated these items to the SSSM, was the chief guest. In the presence of the Sordar of Mawiawet, Bah R.Wahlang, members of the youth association, elders, parents and others.
His name remains to this day and the Government of India has recognized him as one of the freedom fighters of the country.
run.
According to the announcement, the SP of EKHD said that the curfew will be in force from 6 pm to 11 pm.
In this order, he directed all the residents of East Jaintia Hills District to wear masks in public places, to observe social distancing in all public places, to Wash your hands thoroughly with soap and sanitizer several times a day and also to disinfect your home, shop or any public or private place.
The police investigation will involve all the members of the new group.
He said that they have also urged the Council to stop the people who are accustomed to doing Benami work, because as it has been seen that in these areas many of the people who are doing Benami work. You don't trade in these areas because you don't have benami.
The 17 supporting MDCs include 11 NPP MDCs and 6 Congress MDCs. Lamphrang also announced that the election for the new Chief Executive Member (CEM) will be held tomorrow. on July 20 at 11 am.
“If it is my duty to be ashamed, I will free from the shame of future generations, we have informed the Division Bench to give a fair and grounded decision, we oppose and do not agree at all with the “It's the order of the Single Court,” said Adelbert.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Wanbor Khardewsaw, also known as Sin Lung and William, son of Bah From Lympuin, Shillong, have surrendered to the Superintendent of Police. of Police, Shillong on Tuesday.
Through this service, besides the presence of Pastors, Youth, Tymmen Basan and others, the service was also attended by the people's leaders from Ri Bhoi, including Dasakhitbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, Bah Mayrald Born. Syiem, Nongpoh MLA, Charles Syngkli, Mawhati MDC and others.
Maharashtra has reported 67,000 new cases today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 40 lakh.
These women demand higher salaries for those who work in private homes, for teachers and other jobs usually done by women.
Mebanpynshai Warjri tied 28 runs from 23 balls and Sandy Swer scored 17 runs from 22 balls.
He directed the state government that all the money collected by the government for the provision of necessities to the contractors should be used properly and should not be misused in any other way.
All those families from Jingkieng Umshyrpi to Dawki who have taken part in the survey are invited.
It is on this basis that our eyes see, but we are blind, our ears hear, but we are deaf and if we remain blind and deaf, a great danger awaits our small people in this state.
Leaders of the FKJGP Bataw Unit said that these foreigners had entered India through Kwator village and their intention was to go to Jalaphet to work in coal.
Jacpal Singh Dhanoa, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the suspect, who was also the leader of a gang of robbers, was arrested on the 24th of this month. Sections 379/401/511/307/34 of the IPC and Section 27(2) of the Firearms Act were arrested at Khanapara Police Station.
He said that consumers can lodge a complaint with the Commission or the District Consumer Forum for compensation of up to T.20 lakh or up to T.1 crore and can go directly to the commission. , without having to hire a lawyer.
We don't know what will happen in the future, but until now, we see that the Khasi language is in a state of great turmoil and there is also a fear that in the next few years, we will not be able to it cannot be corrected, because it is too difficult.
According to the source, Rev Pyrtuh will contest from North Shillong and Angela will contest from South Shillong.
British tennis star Andy Murray's career in the sport this season has been successful, with the player winning the trophy for the second time in two seasons. The Nottingham Open, in order to continue his preparations for another Grand Slam tournament, Wimbledon.
He was a special leader of the jaidbynriew and he suffered for the sake of the jaidbynriew and he held many government positions in which he took part in many activities and We are also pleased to announce on this occasion that Bah HS Shylla has been a leader who has been a quick leader in leading many NGOs in Meghalaya.
Therefore, there is no Khasi word to explain the meaning of CREATIVE, except to use the word PURALIA. The English word is CERTIFICATE :- The Khasi word is SYRNOT which is no longer used.
Meghalaya topped the list of three North Eastern states, Tripura and Nagaland, in the recent elections.
To reduce traffic jam, vehicles are also requested to pass through the Shillong by pass.
However, John Peter Wade in the year 1800, without respecting this understanding, wrote about the history and ancestry of the Jaintia Syiems although he did not visit or meet anyone who knew anything about the Jaintia. This was confirmed in a letter to Lt.Col.
“It's a shame when there are seriously ill people because of the traffic jam,” said the President of the Seng, Samla Pynsuklang Nongkhlaw.
In April 2022, Meghalaya ranked second in the Jal Jeevan Mission's implementation of water supply systems.
It is learned that the road collapsed on the 19th of this month in the evening.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Mizoram 1-0 in the second leg.
Instead of demanding our rights, we listen carefully.
The union also warned the companies and contractors involved in bringing in foreigners to work illegally without proper documents.
With the victory, the NPP now has 21 MLAs in the House while the Congress party in the opposition has only 20 MLAs. The UDP has 7 MLAs, the PDF has 4, the HSPDP has 2, the BJP has 2, the NCP has 1 and 3 independent MLAs.
Suddenly! With a sense of shame and at the same time with a sense of excitement and indescribable joy, I replied, “Ani! MapBishop! I don't know if it's you! I mean it's from one of my friends.
The patrol was only in some parts of the city on the main road but the troops did not stop at Motphran.
One of those conditions is that if the company fails to complete the work or leaves the work unfinished, the company will lose the security deposit they have paid," he said.
Ma Rymbai said that the teachers have not come to the streets to celebrate, but have been sleeping for the past three days, because the state government has not listened to them to pay their salaries. their salary shall be three months.
The mighty are lost, the rich are afraid of their wealth, the rich man is amazed.
Abhishek Kumar scored 6/4 and PM Santhosh 4/29 and through these two, the state managed to beat all the wickets of Mizoram by 33 in 10.4 overs.
“I am happy to resign from the post of leader because of this defeat,” he added.
The program was enriched by dances and songs by the students.
Speaking to reporters, they said that the term of office of Wespar Lamin, Acting Waheh Shnong, has expired for more than 10 months.
The HYC has decided to hold a three-day strike from the 7th to the 9th of this month at the monument of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, former president of the KSU. bam kwai at the door of Blei.
It is also learned that many of them have entered India.
Today, there are only three countries that still have the disease.
What is the Khasi Jaidbynriew proud of?-Is it proud to live in a place where there is a lot of natural resources, a country loved by God, a country that knows its family, a country that knows its own language and so on. but remember that all these will not remain on earth if the nation dies, and if it dies they too will die.
Alicestar Thangkhiew scored the fourth goal in the 68th minute to secure the victory.
Through this public meeting, the owners and drivers of vehicles, decided to give their strong support to the JAC of the All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles Association and not to surrender to the government if their demands are not met.
The school year for school children is ahead and almost all schools will be open by 15th June,
Is he a good man?" Shira asked.
Speaking on the need for uninterrupted electricity, Phagu said the Government has already launched Phase-I of the Ganol Mini Hydro Electric Project in July 2023 and with this, the Government has capacity of 363.70 MW and a capacity of 1100 MU per annum.
Samla Aiborlang Khongjee, one of the famous football stars of the state who has had the opportunity to participate in the biggest tournaments in India like ISL, was also present. , I-League and has also represented India this time and is currently the Head Coach of Rangdajied United Football Club.
I'm sorry to hear that you've seen this video.
Chandani Kumari tied 21 runs off 36 balls and Ankita Sharma scored 10 runs off 23 balls.
that we which are alive and remain unto the coming of the Lord shall not prevent them which are asleep.
The District Selection Committee (DSC) of West Khasi Hills District Nongstoin has sent a letter to inform that the examination will be held on the 22nd of June October 1, 2023 but the letter will still arrive on October 25, 2023.
Meghalaya Governor Phagu Chauhan was the chief guest.
He said that the Lakroh Small Hydro Project, Ganol Small Hydro Project and Riangdo Small Hydro Project have been constructed with the assistance of the MNRE. Report and assistance will soon be received from the MNRE to start the work.
The governance of the district council should be strengthened which means the strengthening of the chiefs, ministers, raids to prevent powerful foreigners from insulting the people.
Jesus told his disciples as Apostles that if they believed, the works he had done.
He expressed his hope of returning with a win at Wimbledon and also for the Paris Olympics.
Union Home Minister Amit Shah said the government is ready to discuss issues related to Manipur on 11th July and justify by saying that it is the opposite side that goes beyond that.
Shillong, Lber 05: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Tuesday said that the HITO's opposition to the return of the NPP-BJP government with the participation of other political parties is because the people The NPP has already received a complaint in 2019 regarding the CAB which all the people of the state opposed at that time but the NPP MP has supported this demand of the BJP government. to bring this law.
Shillong: The Salonsar Catholic Church, Shillong Archdiocese, will receive 40 new priests to be consecrated by Archbishop Dominic Jala at the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. , on Saturday, July 19, 2019.
During the raid, the department found three 20 liter bottles of water sold at a price of T.100 tyngka bearing the names of Prime, Camper and Savor. However, Agarwal has no contract with these companies and it is suspected that the water has been supplied from his house on Bomfyle Road. The meeting was held at Bomfyle Road and was owned by the Assam Pradesh Marwari Education Trust.
But in the end I have to listen to the voice of my supporters who tell me that I should leave the Congress,” said Bah HDR.
Other government ministers including Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Zenith Sangma, Prestone Tynsong and others were present at the meeting.
In her soul she had a bad feeling about the condition of Rida's body.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Titos Chyne said that this act of this foreigner is sad and unacceptable in the state. To take action against this and the actions of this foreigner should be brought under the Attempted Rape and Attempt to Robbery Act.
He said that this training is specifically for the purpose of training women which was funded by the Office of the District Social Welfare Officer, Jowai.
In his speech, the DGP appealed to the religions and churches to help in the fight by helping at least one drug addict to escape from the chains of drug addiction.
However , it was learned later that after the statement from the BJP that it wants to rule as Administrator , the UDP is ready to send another person to Delhi to talk about the matter I learned who would be the ksiang to speak to.
In the letter, Anil also demanded financial assistance of T.5la to the victims and T.30,000 to the families of the victims.
Everyone shares money.
The Siju Creek, which is a tourist attraction for tourists from all over the country, has also been damaged by the floods.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: Foreigners under the banner of the Meghalaya Gorkha Ex Servicemen Welfare Association (GHSA) have demanded the government to set up a Non-Tribal Security and Welfare Board in the state and to appoint Rangbah Shnongs in the state. KSU Vice President Fredrick Kharmawphlang has urged the government not to push for the demand of foreigners. He said that this demand is their intention to own or rule over this land of Hynniewtrep.
This happened in the Richmond area of ​​Virginia.
Indeed, the Supreme Court in the case “Indra Sawhney & Others vs Union of India” in 1992, ruled that the total reservation should not exceed 50%. The Court also said: “While 50 per cent shall be the rule, it is necessary not to put out of consideration certain extraordinary situations inherent in the great diversity of this country and the people.
There were 18 schools participating in the Mawpoiñ tournament, while in the Tan Tyllai tournament there were 10 schools including boys and girls.
There are 232 candidates from 58 constituencies and the decision to win all the candidates will be held on October
Shillong: U Chief Executive Member (KHADC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today launched a garbage truck for the use of vendors in Iewduh. The Executive Member (EM) in charge of Health and Sanitation, Bah Victor Ranee, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, the market residents and employees of the Hima and District Council.
Tura District Cricket Association (TUC) has won the U-15 Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 by beating Shillong District Cricket Association-A by four wickets. in the final which was held at Umbuda, Ri-Bhoi.
“Manipur is the image of the BJP's politics, Manipur is the image of the BJP and the RSS. Manipur is the image of the BJP's feelings and thoughts,” Rahul said.
The region is also fast to start Green Cement or environmentally friendly dewbilat and has set a target that by 2040 it will be able to produce carbon free cement and It has also been able to improve its operations so that it does not have any impact on the environment.
Shillong: The Tourism Promotion Society, Wahkhen has decided to temporarily suspend the visit of local tourists to Mawryngkhang, known as the king of the Mawbah Mawsan.
The KSU also had the opportunity to talk to the residents near these dewbilat factories in Narpuh and they said that now since the closure of these companies, the villages have become clean again. the cities are desolate, there is no more pum pum.
He said the party leaders in the state will rely on the wisdom of the BJP Nongstoin to do this and after receiving the reply from the unit in Nongstoin it will take the necessary action.
Jowai, Lber 20: The 4th KJP Synod Mihngi has ended today with the participation of tens of thousands of people from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
PM-Poshan is a scheme sponsored by the Central Government for the provision of well cooked and nutritious food to the children attending government schools and schools under its jurisdiction. Government which has been in operation since 2021-22 and will continue till 2025-2
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “We have always talked about this issue”.
In the event of any natural disasters, the district itself will be needed and should not be hidden,” he concluded.
The Government of India has announced that it will forgive various loans until 31st July 2020 or this is the end of the month of loan forgiveness, in which those who take various loans, will be exempt. I'm not sure what to do.
Speaking on the occasion, the Longkmie said that she has been working in the area for many years and has never done anything wrong. and until the day of her dismissal, she has not received any warning on the procedure, but after Prof.JK Chauhan, to become the Dean of the institution, suddenly issued an order to dismiss, even though on her part, she did not do anything against the rules of the institution.
It took only 27 days to shoot the film but the writing and shooting took months.
Elite men (21k) 84, while 19 women, Above 55 yrs men (10k) 39 and 19 women.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi today slammed Prime Minister Narendra Modi over the recent order issued by the Home Ministry, which allows 10 departments of the Government of India, to search or retrieve information contained on any computer in India.
Trinity Saioo, Hamarsing L.Kharhmar, Guest of Honour, Ashish Chauhan, National Organizing Secretary, ABVP, Dr. Sashankutalang Khongthohrem, State President, Tengku M.Marak, State Secretary ABVP, SK Lato, Chairman of the Reception Committee, Skemjingmut Law and other dignitaries.
The participants of this big food fest expressed their enthusiasm and enthusiasm as it is the first time in the history of this area.
The Victoria Senior Citizen Home was inspected by Kong Victoria Wahlang. According to the Victoria Wahlang, the purpose of the Victoria Senior Citizen Home is to open a place to care for the elderly. it is to be maintained and maintained free of charge and the assistance shall be directed only to those who are in real need of assistance.
Regarding the incident, the family members of the girl said that some of them had come to apologize, but the family members of the girl urged the law enforcement agencies to take action against them. They should take immediate action to arrest those involved in this incident of insulting their daughter and also that such incidents of rape of women should not happen again.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 36, while Kerala has 24 and Uttar Pradesh
If the Khasi Hills District Council cannot curb these actions of the landowners and if it does not stop the quarrying of stone and shyïap from all the rivers, disaster awaits us.
“On the other hand, the new EC has a plan that as soon as the dorbar lyuir is over, we will visit these villages which have been affected by the traffic, the farming, the trade and others. in these villages," he said.
Regarding the non-payment of the salary, they asked the government, “Why is it that if there are protests, the government is quick to pay the salary but if they are silent, the government has acted like that. “I don't know what to do,” said the Home Guard.
He said the party would meet to discuss the matter.
The use of these funds has decreased by Rs 6.7 lakh crore in 2018 to Rs 3.62 lakh crore and only by 10.8 per cent in
On the other hand, the Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong of Mawryngkneng, Bah Wanlambok Kharsati, urged the beneficiaries of this scheme to make proper use of this scheme and suggested to these beneficiaries to form a group. society to collect and market these umngap.
The HYC leaders who were summoned include Vice President Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, Assistant General Secretary Issac Basaiawmoit and Shillong City President John Lyngdoh.
Not sure if they really are.
Besides the music, the festival also gave an opportunity to local entrepreneurs, who set up shops (to showcase handicrafts from the State, traditional food and others.
The deceased was from Ri Bhoi District.
On the 20th of this month, the VDPs of Khanduli, under the leadership of Bah M.Talang Chairman Shnong and Bah Iarap Dkhar Secretary Shnong, raided the illegal drug dealers. against village rules.
In this regard, the union has given 3 days to the office to take the necessary action, otherwise the union will immediately close down the office of the JIO in Jowai. The Manager JIO promised to improve the situation within 3 days.
Although the team has only Khasi players to play in the tournament, their performance has ensured the team to reach the Pre-Quarter final this year.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held which was conducted by Bah G.Syiemlieh President of the Club and a speech was delivered by Bah Macmilan Kharbani who was the chief guest.
During the inspection, the NH 37 was also inspected for the safety of vehicles carrying food and other daily necessities.
Parents also need to be as considerate as possible of their younger children especially those under 15 years of age who have not yet been vaccinated.
Who is the scientist who knows Mano? and thou shalt not tell me thy name.
It is the first time in the Church to have a Lawkyntang, perhaps the first not only in the North East but also in India as a whole, said Fr.Lyndem.
Speaking after the meeting, Minister C Kharkongor said that the purpose of the meeting was to explain to the public that the market dwellers should be clean after the incident. They also expressed their concern about the pollution and another is the directive from the NGT that the market should be clean, streets and sidewalks.
Dayo Shylla in the 42nd minute and Lakhon Dhar in the 47th minute scored the two goals for Sabahmuswang.
Those who wish to participate, please register before 21st June
“Mom! Why am I like this?
The General Secretary of the GNLA, who did not know anything about the other members and leaders of the GNLA, told police that Sohan had called him and appointed him as the General Secretary.
There was also a discussion in the Legislative Assembly to demand that the government should recognize this plant as an agricultural commodity as many people have cultivated it for food and to improve their livelihoods. children to educate their children because the cultivation of this plant is only one year can be profitable.
In the 2019-20 budget, 48 new roads have been constructed, 106 km of dirt roads have been painted and 355 Rm of RCC bridges have been constructed. The Central and State Governments as well.
Finally, before unveiling the flag, he blessed them to continue their education and sports and hoped that one day many more stars would shine not only in the country. but they will bring glory to the country and the nation as a whole.
Speeches were also delivered by others including the new leaders of HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle and others.
SBYWA will strongly oppose those who intend to build a coke plant in the area near the four villages of Diengsahtlang, Ladwapung, Umsatai and Pynurkba.
Shah also urged the people of Meghalaya to vote for the BJP candidates to eradicate corruption in the state.
It has been found that those people who are in a workplace with these plants are more prominent in their ability to do their job well, and work smarter, and be happier and less likely to suffer from many health problems. and those people working in areas where there were no plants.
Tura, November 15 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Football Stadium at the PA Sangma Sports Complex, Tura.
He said that Kumar has said that before the end of November, 2022, the Government will release the remaining funds from various departments.
The author's request here is also a prophecy and vision of the works even in this bright age.
“The insurgents paid by the Government of Conrad Sangma under the leadership of Commander SP East Jaintia Hills Jagpal Singh Dhanoa came and killed my brother on the night of the 13th. In Nailar, 2021, they came to kill her without allowing her to defend herself.
Shillong: The JSU has requested the Dorbar Shnongs not to issue NOCs to foreigners who have come to work in Jaintia Hills. I don't think carefully because it affects the inheritance of the state.
Speaking at the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Lawsohtun, Bah Hariberth Rynjah, first of all welcomed the children and their parents who have joined this training programme. of SCA which from today, the training will continue at this new location.
However, at the same time, the security sector should not compete with other sectors,” he said.
He said that during the summons, the man apologized and promised not to do such a thing again.
The meeting was held at the Indoor Stadium, Jingkieng Nongtymmai and was attended by many Youth Clubs and Youth Associations from 32 villages under the Mawpat Block.
The second place went to Valentina Mawlong (Magic) and the third place went to Nangkiewirat Rynjah (Baje).
It was not possible to identify whether the head of a man or a woman.
At least 50 people have been killed and dozens injured in a train collision in Amritsar, Punjab, on Tuesday.
The deadline for submission is from 1.07.2022 to 11.07.2022 on Whatapps numbers 8794315093, 9615569412,
The new cases include EGH: 41, EJH: 19, EKH: 82, NGH: 30, RBD: 65, SGH: 09, SWGH: 42, SWKH: 12, WGH: 56, WJH: and WKH: 5
The project has been allocated for the development of construction and reconstruction of houses and other tourism facilities.
This is the reason why the government thinks that the people especially those from the rural areas should understand and get explanation before they implement any project especially national projects.
On the other hand, it was informed that there is still 5,50,000 MT of coal that has been counted and has to be transported and auctioned by Coal India. kit and sold at auction within this month.
Shillong, July 02 : The Meghalaya U-19 cricket team has been delighted to come second in the Cooch Behar Trophy. in the 2023-24 season in the plate group, after Nagaland became the winner.
Tanushree Dutta has lodged a complaint with the police against Nana Patekar, alleging that he raped her while they were filming in 2008. Dutta has also accused another Ganesh Acharya, the producer of the film, said that he was involved in the production.
The new birth is one of God's wills for man to have eternal life, that is, to be born of water and the Spirit.
In every matter of considering the policies and programs of the party, all the members are equal including the MLAs of the party.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PB War Nongbri, Assistant Director, DSYA and others.
Shaborlang Rymbai scored the goals in the 34th minute, Ewanmiki Suchen in the 58th minute and Shaniah Suchen in the 70th minute.
There have been 4,14,188 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours, the highest number of cases in the country so far.
Joe said that at the meeting, the government has already decided to meet again with the Sengbhalang before bringing these bills into the House. They want the government to call for another meeting to discuss better so that the Act passed by the Ing Dorbar will be fully adequate to protect the jaitbynriew.
Police reportedly seized powerful explosives during the incident.
News and events from all over the state on 22/08/2
The goal is to produce more produce, facilitate transportation and market produce at a reasonable price.
Nongstoiñ: The Tournament Committee of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT-2018-19) has announced that the final of the Rani Motor's Knock Out Football Tournament (RMKOFT-2018-19) will be held on the 25th of this month. date of this month.
“Young people, turn away from evil and do good, live a good life, build a strong family for the good and prosperity of mankind in the dignity of the people. morality in the nation and before the world.
It is gratifying that Ri Bhoi District has already celebrated its Silver Jubilee, but it is sad that Mawdem Village, which was the first Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi District, has not changed at all. Lyang" he said.
Shillong, July 11: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has started implementing solar lights on the roads in Shillong and Tura.
In the evening, the Datlawakor ceremony was held between Langdoh from Pynthor Wah against Sangot Paswet from Pynthor Nein. Pynthor River.
Speaking before the march, Bah Joystarding Lyngdoh, Block Coordinator, Mawkyrwat Block in his speech congratulated the Executive Engineer, PHE, Mawkyrwat Division and the District Swachh Bharat Mission. (DSMB), South West Khasi Hills District who organized a march as part of the celebration of Gandhi Jayanti and 'Swachhta Hi Seva
Bah Sanbor also expressed his concern over the illegal mining of coal in Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, the border and unemployment these days.
Shillong, March 19: The BJP will continue to contest against Bernard N. Marak MDC Tura against Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya from South Tura Constituency. MLA 2023, said BJP National Executive Member AL Hek.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Sikkim congratulated the Chief Minister for taking the initiative to hold this tournament to promote the farmers and entrepreneurs.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawkasiang, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, together with the members of HANM, inaugurated the office of HANM in Mawkasiang.
Assam is the worst state because it has been invaded by foreign authorities, especially from Bangladesh, until in 16 districts of the state the villagers have become rich and have their own people's leaders. even in the Assembly.
“We have received information that some politicians are involved with these companies.
Shillong, Naitung, 15: BSF troops of the 4th Battalion have seized seven self-made boats equipped with engines carrying thousands of kilos of sugarcane. illegally entering Bangladesh through the border of West Jaintia Hills.
Hep, who was following behind her, looked at Lydia's white hair.
Khlaiñ said that Karnataka is a strong team and Meghalaya will try to play well in all aspects and indeed, as our captain said that Karnataka is a strong team, they some players are more experienced.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The number of active cases of Covid-19 in the state has risen to
Shillong: Out of the 326 cases of Covid-19 in Meghalaya, three are children, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War.
Some of these leaders have vowed to resign from the post of leadership with the intention of removing Bah Ardent from the post of leadership and allowing the members to elect another leader in his place. he.
He said that the celebration of this special day with traditional songs and dances by the Joel Gatphoh Memorial Synod Higher Secondary School has been an example for others.
When asked about the arrest of drug traffickers and drug users by the HYC members, Tynsong said he has directed the Deputy Commissioner to convene a meeting on this issue.
He said that the DMHO has promised to take action on this issue and to send immediately those who should look after the health center and especially to take action in relation to the The availability of electricity in health facilities will be for the benefit of the public especially the sick.
Balen said that according to the explanation, it is understood that the virus can spread through water droplets or droplets when sneezing, coughing and so on.
In the second match, PFR Academy Shillong beat Nartap Grass Root Nongpoh 5-0 in the U-13 men's category. first of this lympung.
Meanwhile, the Forest Department said that the department is still inspecting the dangerous trees but has found that the incident has happened.
In the year 2022-2023, the DRI Shillong has seized more than 6.25 kilos of heroin worth T.43 crore.
He said that the General Council will be attended by leaders from all districts and circles according to the directives of the district office bearers.
In a statement, the President of the FKJGP, Kyrmen Shangdiar, said that the FKJGP has closed down the offices of the FKJGP in Mawsynram Block including the State Bank of India (SBI). ), the Post Office, the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank (MCAB) and FEDCO Ltd.
Shillong: The All India Garo Union (AIGU) and the Khasi Hills Zone (KSU) have demanded that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, should hold talks with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Government, to distribute MBBS courses according to the state's share among Garo, Khasi & Jaintia students at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
“It should be with the initiative of the people to create a mission.
Besides, he also indicated that those who did not get the post of Minister in the previous term can get it this time.
Although Laitlulong tried to score, but failed to score and suffered their second defeat in the tournament.
The incident came to light in November 2017 when a complaint was lodged against Dalit rights activist Mevani and others at Mehsana 'A' Division Police Station for The Azadi March from Mehsana to Dhanera in Banaskantha district without permission from the police.
It would be a greater shame if combo, syntex, turpalin, tin win the elections than growth, income and knowledge.
The time of check-in and check-out at this hostel is light without any time.
It is a matter of pride to see the State becoming a hub for Sports," he added.
The committee, which was appointed and announced by the VC today, is known as the Task Force Committee for Community College Wahiajer, Jowai, West Jaintia Hills. The Committee together with other Professors and Engineers of the Engineering Wings/Dept of this University.
One of them came from Tamil Nadu and the other from Maharashtra.
Nongpoh: It is not surprising to learn that foreigners who have come to smuggle into the state through work in various places, have started to exploit the Trai Ri Trai Muluk. A Khasi Rangbah, who was shot and stabbed by foreigners working inside a khana farm, at 20Mer Pahammawlein, Ri Bhoi District.
In the field of electricity, 573 projects have been completed and 94 are underway.
The Scottish government said 81 people had died, bringing the total to 447 and in Wales, 41 people had died, bringing the total to
“After the HSPDP and BJP have replaced the Ministers, on my part, as one of the founders and former leaders of the PDF, I have decided to replace the Ministers. I congratulate the four MLAs and the leaders of the PDF, who have taken the lead in the talks to replace the ministers”.
The road has been hit by a storm and there have been signs of orpait which have reached halfway across the road.
Therefore, the Association is still waiting for the government's reply and until the government has given a clear reply, they will not start implementing.
According to Rupa Marak, Purno A Sangma has lied and deceived the people of Dadenggre and said that he does not fulfill the promises he made during the elections.
Bah Ardent also expressed his regret over the use of insulting words by a police chief in front of the public.
It may be one of the most famous protests, which we have never seen or heard, ever in the history of the State.
“The MeghFarm Processing Hub with a capacity of 80 to 100 tonnes, will ensure that the products are properly preserved, where the crops will survive and can be reused. once and this will benefit in the market,” said Conrad and informed that the project has been allocated up to T.14.5 crore.
He said that the person who buys votes is not a true leader but a cheater, while the person who takes money is also a lawbreaker.
“These areas are Upper Tarabari, Central 4.69 sq km, Gizang Reserve Forest 13.53 sq km, Rambrai Hima in Kyrshai area and Langpih Raidmynsaw area 298.07 sq km. , Boklapara Nongspung Royalty
Effectiveness of the deal ceased on Friday.
That's why there are many obstacles to block and promises in this election that if he wins again, the roads will be built, the hospitals will stand, the college will continue and as a child who has fallen into poverty in Ri- Bhoi we will fight for many of the problems of Nongpoh and Ri-Bhoi as a whole.
The team of AMKA Karate competitors is: Female: Esaranaki Kharjana, Dominica P Kharbani, Emika Deimaia Myrthong, Kerridame M Khongji, Dayalangki Challam, Mebapynhun Marngar, Jennet Rumnong, Daphishisha Shadap, Daphilalanganghun, Marlinkawn, Lybiang Ma Wahlang Inlumlang Skhemiew, Kynjailin Lyngdoh Mawnai, Anisha Wahlang, Delightful Marngar, Larisha Kurbah, Rebekah Nongspung, Melvarica Kharbani, Carene Sohiong, Carenia Rapthap, Impera Makdoh, Elisheba Khongwar, Eva Gracia Mary Kharumnuid, Sarakhirbi Kumrang, Barih Kharbhar Kharbhan let , Nowni Mayer F Ryngkhlem, Abhradeep Aguan, Emmanuel B Diengdoh, Ferdinand Samkupar Rani, Febbyson Lyngkhoi, Gregorwilson Makdoh, Nathanial Marbaniang, Romeo Nongtdu, Jeremaiah Kharshandi, Yowanki Kharwillborn, Ram Lanong, Damebanmerbha S Blah, Samebanmerbha S Blah, Gideon Tympuin, Shanderson Nongrem, Kynpham Kharkongor, Bhawanchwadame Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Wilson Mylliempdah, Paul Danny Kharmudai, Cheltis Shylla, Evanmedon Rynghang, Teiborlang Lapang, Davysong Kharkongor, Ialamphang Kharkongor, Nangkitbok Phira, Gary Daniel Nongkyn, Lyngwil Gredh Fred Mawphlang Mingson Beans.
The JYF-EJH and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-EJC) led by JYF President John Pala and HYC President Prious Pale have received a complaint from the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC-EJC). The complaint was lodged with the Executive Engineer, MePDCL, Khliehriat Distribution Division on the 8th of this month.
The relatives said that they also want to spread the message to the public so that they know about the corruption and corruption of the nurses at Lawmali Hospital, especially the villagers.
Meanwhile, Lillte Star School won first prize in slogan writing, St. Jude won second and St. Savio Baridua and Suryodaya won first prize, while St. Jude and Suryodaya won first prize in cultural show. , the Little Star and the Talent Hunt Committee.
In the last minutes before the end of the match, Mawkawah players struggled to defend the goal but in the 86th minute Treiborlang couldn't defend it. Nongsiej of Mawliehbah scored the first goal of the match.
He said that this ceremony was performed according to the old custom of thanking the Creator and the ryngkew ki basa for the blessings received in the village.
Jaguar FC, who lost in the final, won a cash prize of T.5 lakh and a trophy, while Blue Bombers FC, who lost in the final, won a cash prize of T.5 lakh. 2 lakh along with the trophy, the organizers also distributed individual awards, including the Best Player, Best Goalkeeper, Top Scorer and Youngest Player.
Trinity Sayoo was accompanied by Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew, General Secretary, HFU Sengkmie and Demanson Lyngdoh, Project Officer, Lakadong Mission.
At the same time, he said the government does not want to comment on the threat of the illegal metor drivers in Them. Iewmawlong, but will provide protection to all the residents.
They said that they came to Meghalaya by a bus from Rajasthan but when they arrived in Shillong they didn't know where to go. It was also found that the wives of these poiwir were involved in magic.
The band is best known for their song "The Reason", which also ranked second on the 2004 Billboard Hot 100 and number one in the United States. .
Robertjune said the party congratulates all the brave men of the jaidbynriew who have worked hard to fight for this issue and to the paradohs who live in the border areas who have become border guards. of the nation.
Shillong, July 1: The Union Minister of State for Information and Broadcasting and Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, Dr. L. Murugan will begin his two-day visit to the state. Meghalaya on July 2,
They alleged that NEEPCO in agreement with the village headmen has forcibly dug the tunnel which is about 4 feet around to supply water without the knowledge of the land owner.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the Union expressed its surprise that the High Court has not respected the provisions of the Meghalaya Town and Country Planning Act, 1973 which was amended in The Union wants the Hon'ble Court to order the authorities to operate only in the Municipal areas and not in the areas within the boundary of the ADCs without the approval of the ADCs. The Rangbah in a statement said that this news has shocked the people because it is a matter of MUDA. They have already spoken to the state government.
However, it should help the youth to be able to do something after training and the main objective of this scheme is to help the youth to be able to start their own business, with the guidance. of training centers.
Mawkyrwat, June 12: U Bah H.Staline Diengdoh, MCS, Sub Divisional Officer, Ranikor Civil Sub Division, today inaugurated the Annual Sports Meet The three days of the Rymmang Secondary School, Mawjyrsim was held at the ground of Mawsep Village.
“Shall we sit alone in the ship in this need for a strong government in
Eugeneson Lyngdoh, MLA Mawphlang on Thursday opened the football tournament of St Joseph's Secondary School Nongtalang.
There are 138 active cases in the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Members of the Zandu Foundation for Health from Ambach, Valsad, Gujarat, who are researchers in the field of herbal medicines, visited the Institute of Bioresources and Sustainable Development ( IBSD), Upper Shillong, for a special visit to the Gaultheria fragrant wintergreen, known in Khasi as Jathynrait and Lathynrait.
On this occasion, the chief guest also launched a song sung by Kong Joymery Khardewsaw, which was produced by the office of the District Social Welfare Officer Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, November 13: Ka KHNAM has demanded that it is time for the state government to change the employment policy between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
The celebration was held at the St Peter's Higher Secondary School ground.
“Regarding the PDF, I leave it to the wisdom of these three parties to think how to do it because as it is now, it has not shown its true form. It depends on the unity of the UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM.
Two football players from the State, Kynsai Kupar Bareh from Sutnga and Federick Kupar Kurbah from Mawkalum, Ladmawreng have been selected to train at the Rush Football Academy in Valencia, Spain.
They say “This is impossible! Garo doesn't have the right to have everything.
It is also appropriate to ask whether the school authorities have sent or signed the letter or application to the parents, they need to be investigated by the police in what manner or manner. without the signature of the parents, or if the school has used an inappropriate method, such as made to sign under pressure against their willingness.
Nongpoh, November 21: The Joint Action Committee (C&RD) Umsning together with civil society organizations today strongly opposed the proposal to relocate the C&RD Block Office Umsning to Lumpih and from The JAC has gained strength with the support of three civil society organizations including the HNYF, HITO and CoRP from Ri Bhoi District.
“Our security forces are constantly watching – many don't know how the government works with the police.
Secretary KSU Sohiong Circle.
The political parties are urged to support this.
Ardent was speaking at a ceremony to honor his supporters in Smit after he won the MLA election on Tuesday.
The new committee comprises Principal Secretary MS Rao, Additional Chief Secretary KS Kropha, Dr SS Bala Scientist Central Pollution Board, P Gupta Member Secretary Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and Prof Mohmmed Javed. of IIT, Guwahati.
Nongpoh: Teachers together with the management of Saiden Secondary School, today held a program to congratulate the students of the school, who have left school for training in Nongbah. Shillong, before representing Meghalaya in the National Level Subroto Cup 2023 to be held in Delhi.
The complaint of the Smit Taxi Association, was also taken to lead to the shooting of fellow drivers, due to the clash between urban taxis and rural taxis.
When this disease happens suddenly like me here in the countryside, the residents of the village who have never seen a patient like me all say that it is a demon disease without thinking carefully because to compare between the Depression and Parkinson's disease are as different as wheat and barley.
“For me personally, after taking over as MLA, Minister and at the same time as MDC, these are three very important tasks and I have no intention of going forward.
Although running is not a job, but her love for running and also to get a healthy body and to avoid many other evils that affect human life, Rephica has reached this level to receive the title of Ultra Queen in the North East.
On the 15th, Jarain will play against Latyrke and Jalaphet Bri Sumer will play against Shnongrim.
The Chairman of the Rajya Sabha today suspended five MPs of the Rajya Sabha.
The Shillong Chamber Choir (SCC) and the Aroha Choir performed a song for Bah AH Scott Lyngdoh.
Conrad said he was against CAB and sent his sister Tura MP Agatha Sangma to support the bill in Parliament.
The Dorbar of Chief Executive Members (CHA) has held an emergency meeting and decided to meet the Chief Minister on the four letters received from the Central Government. letter from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, D.O.No.
It calls upon those in power in power to have the feeling that they are KHASI so that they can strengthen the nation which has begun to decline and collapse. color.
Shillong, March 18 : In this age, it cannot be said that education is an important part of every citizen, although it is difficult to get government jobs for all. .
According to Pynkmenlang Sanmiet, after a thorough investigation, it was found that many of them are from Assam and have been living in the area since October 2020 in the forest areas.
He said it is true that most of the shops in Iewduh are occupied by Dkhars.
The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) today launched the logo, website, trophy and theme song for the upcoming Football Tournament. The 3rd edition of the Meghalaya State League was held at the Conference Hall of the State Convention Centre.
In Nagaland, the BJP NDPP has won 34 constituencies, while the NPF has won three.
Up to 93809 people have been infected in the past few years but 92207 people have recovered.
NIFT Shillong will work with NEHHDC to improve the storage and packaging of handicrafts, the labeling of handicrafts and to attract buyers and the market.
In the drawing competition, Banlamshwa War of St. Dominic Savio's Hr.Sec.School, Mawkhar won the first prize. The second place went to Iafibakor K. Tariang of Synod Higher School, Mission Compound and the third place went to Biachi Cheara Om Sangma.
Another essential part of the plant is the leaf.
The Kyrmen Foundation in partnership with the Rangdajied United Football Club (RUFC) has launched a one-year football training camp for youngsters in Khliehriat.
The resignation of the Congress MPs and Union Ministers came after the protests and unrest in the Seemandhra area where YSR Congress chief YS Jaganmohan Reddy announced that he will hold a meeting. Former Prime Minister N Chandrababu Naidu will start an indefinite hunger strike from tomorrow.
As part of the protest against the curfew on the night of July 16, a group of about 500 men and women attacked the residence of the Minister of State. mother in Imphal and burnt down most parts of his house while security forces and fire brigade were controlling the spread of the fire.
He said that if this is the case, it is really dangerous for the state if foreigners can enter the state safely, as it is for this foreigner whom we have arrested. We urge the government to strictly enforce the search rules at 13Mer and to search all vehicles coming from abroad.
“This is a government program and I was accompanied by the CMD of MeECL. This was during my tenure as Minister of Electricity.
The family of a child from Niawkmai village, West Jaintia Hills, has alleged that their daughter has become paralyzed due to a mistake in giving an injection by a health center run by the sisters of Sacred Heart Health Center Sahsniang.
From the Word of God we see that Satan becomes a serpent and the serpent becomes a devil.
The Father was sorry to find out the sins of the firstborn son, so the Father had to go and pray that he too would repent.
Rupang this morning spoke to Dr. Pariong by phone to ask whether it is true that there was such a conversation between him and Bah Ardent. “It's a friend I've known for a long time since we were MDCs together, we just talk like that,” said Dr. Pariong.
When a person wants to talk about the working methods of the government, now he wants to turn to the work of the NPP party. who is also the MP of Meghalaya to the Rayja Sabha to contest the election in front of the people.
“Mukul Sangma said he agrees with the Prime Minister's statement that the present government has done what the previous governments have not achieved.
They were still talking about the words, but it was assumed that the people had been able to understand what had been said.
Myntlang, and at other times, it appears at night like a dark cloud, and appears on the leaves and branches like bright stones, but in the morning it disappears without a trace. half because the plants and the earth had covered it, and half because the rising sun had covered it.
"It's been shown to Rida's mother" Yes, Nia is what you say, but one thing I'll say is that for Rida, who is the son of our brother, for his share, I'll know. I will give it to you from side to side.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the minister; The members of the FKJGP have expressed their sadness because the minister has made it clear that he cannot do anything. competing across India'
I will continue to work from home," said Shaikh.
However, this time the teachings of the VPP leaders have helped the people to make a conscious decision during the elections not to vote just for money.
“The various departments should teach, what kind of teachers, how to appoint those teachers, where will the colleges get financial support and so on. student problems.
The Sub Inspector of Food and Civil Supply, Nongpoh, Kong VM Khongwir said that these ration cards were scheduled to be released today according to the directives of the higher authorities of the department and also according to the census of the department. by Socio Economic Census, 2011.
Therefore, to say “Paradoh-Parasnam” is a word to understand that that nation comes from the same Source.
“This group of soldiers used tactics and strengthened operational procedures to counter the insurgents, which resulted in the two unidentified terrorists being shot dead, According to reports from the intelligence team, it appears that those who were shot were foreigners and involved with the HM (Hizbul Mujahideen) militants who tried to to the time of smuggling terrorists into the country," a police spokesman said.
“The Reservation Policy is for us but it doesn't mean that our way of thinking is to think only about the Reservation Policy but it is to be a way of thinking and to have a spirit of fighting.
The union will also cooperate in this regard, if the KHADC is willing to invite them to conduct a surprise inspection to curb the influx of foreign investors in the district as a whole. concluded Mr. Bandary.
“Have you implemented it now? Have you seen any signs that it has implemented it?
When I listened carefully to that interview, I felt that I had been a village chief, a leader, an investigator in the police department, a basketball coach, a journalist, a winner.
The social signing of the players for the Inter Club Transfer has started from the 3rd of this month.
Others who attended the meeting included Nongstoin MDC Gabriel Wahlang, Jirang MDC Victor Rani, Raid Marwet Syiem, Paiem Ken Syiem and officers. Shillong, Nailar 29 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee of Jaintia Hills, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that Lapangap village in West Jaintia Hills District, is not a village in West Jaintia Hills. within the border areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
“What is this, are government ministers more above the law, why don't the police dare to investigate and prosecute government ministers,” she said. torture until it is difficult.
At this meeting, they unanimously decided to request the government authorities to get justice for the murder of (L) Fullmoon Kharsahnoh.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs won the title by three wickets against Efty United XI Mynso in the Open To All Cricket Tournament held at Madan Khliehtyrshi on Saturday.
The country is in turmoil these days and the Indian government has destroyed many parts of democracy in the country,” he said.
The formation of a joint government by the UDP and NPP after the MLA results on 2nd October this year may affect the two parties in the single election in Sohiong constituency. .
Niwanshan Sajem scored the first goal for Shangpung Moosyiem in the 40th minute while Niwanshan Sajem scored the first goal for Shangpung Moosyiem in the 40th minute. Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal for Mookyndur in the 54th minute.
Referring to the Sohiong constituency, there are six candidates including Bah HDR Lyngdoh (Bam Kwai ha Dwar u Blei) of the UDP, S. Osborne Kharjana of the UDP. Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Sandondor Ryntathiang of the HSPDP, Sereph E. Kharbuki of the BJP and Stodingstar Thabah of the AITC. “It is with great sadness to hear of the passing away of former Minister and politician of the State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The residents of Umtyrnga, Killing and other villages including 18 villages connecting through the road from 13 mer to Killing as demanded by HANM, Women Wing who have staged a strike The Rangbah Shnong of Umtyrnga, Bah Bor Khortyngkut and other village leaders of these villages led the ceremony.
As soon as they arrived inside the Secretariat, they immediately entered the meeting room and sat there for about 10 minutes. Ministers who attended the meeting were Prof. RC Laloo, Prestone Tynsong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Deborah Marak, AL Hek, Zenith Sangma, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Roshan Warjri; However, HDR Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of District Council Affairs and Rowell Lyngdoh, Minister of Law and Government, were not seen.
The Municipal Chief of Narsipatnam has tied himself with a slipper for failing to fulfill his promises to the people before the elections.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Prestone Tynsong expressed his satisfaction to see that the Karbi gathering was successful with the strong participation of the Karbi people from all over the state. Meghalaya and Assam and this shows that the Karbi people are a people who have a love of unity and a desire to develop.
The Indian Women's Hockey Team for the FIH Hockey Olympic Qualifiers Ranchi 2024 includes two goalkeepers, Savita and Bichu Devi Kharibam.
This has polluted and destroyed the environment and allowed various diseases to stay with man and the environment has been polluted.
Staff One Stop Center Khliehriat 14.
“As you know, the Durand Cup is a qualifying tournament for the Asian Federation Cup (AFC) in which there are 12 Indian Super League teams besides I-League clubs.
In the second, I talked about the fear of the people who got the disease after they saw the kiwi fruit in humans and animals.
Since its inception until today the festival has been held for five consecutive days.
However, three days before the end of the 5th, the leaders of the Union have sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to express their dissatisfaction with the decision of the High Court. to bring the Khadar administration under the jurisdiction of the Government by ordering the Government to enact legislation for the Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking on the PDF, Pynshngain said the PDF was formed as the opposition party in the District Council and the PDF has nothing to do with the Congress party and the decision will be taken by the members of the District Council. He said that the Congress is part of the PDF, which the Congress MDCs are members of.
She said that the agricultural products that reach the market are very few and the reason is because the Assam khar has gone to buy from the villagers. % The most important thing is that the Assamese buy from the villagers, who is responsible for that, here the price of Man is enough but the price of Pon is not enough. .1000 tyngka who can challenge that,” she said.
In ancient times, the boundary of the Khasi Syiems' rule was from the National Highway from Guwahati to Goalpara and from Guwahai to the east. Karimganj.
Shella border area CPHa Garo Hill, Dainadubi CP, Nengkhra CP, Siju CP, Dimapara CP, Sibburi CP, Dalu CP, Garuspara CP, Mahadeo CP
Jawan is also SRK's first film with superstar Nayanthara.
We don't need these foreigners or foreign authorities to enter the electoral roll here in Khasi Jaintia and win the MDC and MLA elections,” said Ohibait Dkhar, President. KSU Jaiòtia Hills District.
Sabahmuswang won the tie breaker 2-1 against Demthring and won the Republic Day Cup U-13 Football League Tournament in the final which was held on Republic Day at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The MVSA strongly condemns Rajender Kumar and his colleagues who are BSF personnel from Lakroh Shiv Mandir, Hawai Tilla, West Jaintia Hills, for assaulting the Officer of AH & Veterinary Officer Dr Seiboklang Buam.
KSU Nartiang Circle has demanded and urged the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma to immediately stop the construction of police out posts by the Assam government, otherwise the KSU will take other measures. to protect the paradoh parasnam in the area.
“I want the team to be like other states because every year we take part in the All India Police meet and it is nice to see that other states have a majority of players. They are the ones who have represented their State and we want that if possible but it is up to our senior officers who know better than us.
They chose to suffer instead of choosing King Solomon, King David.
These 77 people are living in their family homes – some of them have received accommodation,” he said.
The Corona Care Centre, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Jaiaw, Laitdom, has been constructed by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District and the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Jaiaw Village Council. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has launched a campaign on Saturday, July 5, 2021 at Seng Khasi Higher Secondary School, Jaiaw, Laitdom.
“When you see that development work has happened quickly in Garo Hills, the people misunderstand, but it is nothing,” he said.
He said that as the family, they don't blame the former MLAs, whether it is Bah Ardent or Bah Lambor, for not working, but they want Bah Dasakhiat to work better than what he has done. They work to ensure that the benefits and growth of the country will be equal to all.
Jesus lived under that LAW, but he said- “Think not that I am come to destroy the law, or the prophets: I am not come to destroy, but to fulfil.
This blood vessel was first seen in Ladakh, India; in the past few months and this has prompted many scientists to seek information about the bloody change in the sky.
At present, Shadap has become the second among the state's wrestlers to reach the second round after Badonkupar Synnah (light welterweight 60-63.5kg) who won on Sunday.
Low-fat foods for better health do not protect against high blood pressure, scientists who research on high blood pressure, have admitted that low-fat foods or Omega 6 fatty acids are the best for cardiovascular health, but they cannot prevent the risk of cardiovascular disease.
Nobody knows that the name of this policeman has been selected for the award,” said the president of CSWO. the government corrupt people and the people have the right to know how the awards are selected, so that clean and honest officers get what they deserve, not just selected because of any connections or others Shillong, Nailar 19: Two members of the Liberation of Achik Elite Force (LA EF) have surrendered to the police today.
The ENCC's objection is on the grounds that if allowed to dump garbage in the area, it will affect the health of the neighboring villages and the environment.
“When the District Councils want to re-divide the constituencies, they should do it carefully and in consultation with the villages and the people who will be affected,” said Bah Process.
The event was attended by the leading leaders of the TULBA Central Body and members of various Units from all over the districts of Meghalaya. at the home of this family and the residents of this village Mawthawïang-Nongtraw.
As an MLA, Bah Sanbor also urged the church leaders to strive to involve the children especially those who come from poor families in the celebration of Christmas and New Year.
Shillong, March 06: U Bah Khielang Star Nongbri, of Wah Kseh Village near Sohiong, has been stabbed by his neighbor on Tuesday morning while he was drinking. sleep at home.
In another incident, police also fined T.6200 from 22 tourist vehicles which used to shout at people and park in prohibited places. cars.
D.Conspiracy.
The hours of that evening passed and it was 6 o'clock.
Indian fighter Anshul Jubli has signed a UFC lightweight contract in October this year after winning the UFC Lightweight Road to UFC belt. In the second match of the tournament, Sumit Kumar (flyweight) and Rana Rudra Pratap Singh will compete in the bantamweight category.
Saaya won unopposed from Yachuli constituency in 2014 and his decision to withdraw from the contest has angered his followers.
Babu Will passed the Entrance Examination (Matric or H.S.L.C) in
Shillong, November 22: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, will once again invite the Head of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis, to visit India, said the President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference. of India (CBCI) to Archbishop Andrews Thazhath.
Last season, Mawlai Sports Club won the title by beating Laitkor Sports Club in the tournament which was attended by 12 clubs.
It was also at this time that cooperation among senior officers began to gradually disappear.
Shillong, Naitung 05: While UPA Presidential candidate Meira Kumar has admitted that the UDP has given her support for the presidential election, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has said that he has rejected this claim.
This is about the insult of Kong Juliana to the Khasi man.
The New Shillong Township Water Supply Project was commissioned in 2014 at a cost of T.321.28 crore while the Greater Ampati Water Supply Project was commissioned in 2013 at a cost of Rs 139.73 crore.
The Chief Secretaries of all the States and Union Territories have been directed to be vigilant.
This is in accordance with Section 101 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010, said the SP of WJH, Bah Lakador Syiem in an order issued today.
“The court has also directed the retired judge to submit his first report within four months on the orders of the SC and NGT on how the government is implementing them and if If all these measures have not been implemented, immediate action should be taken to ensure that the implementation is smooth and orderly.
The union urges the government to take action to improve the government schools, so that the people can easily get the benefits, and also urges the office of the District School Education Officer to arrest those who those involved in collecting school fees, those who waste mid-day meal and those who do not implement or waste the funds for the construction of schools as allocated.
This is a very sad thought, because we are against the foreign workers, but if we are against the villagers, how can we expect them to do different jobs? in household work, in factory work, in road work and so on.
The statement invites all the former students of this school in the past years to attend on the 27th November 2014 at 11 am at the hall of the school for these activities. .
It is for this reason that the Government under the leadership of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and the Government Ministers has decided to have mini secretariats in each district to facilitate and improve the governance of the people. They don't need to come to Shillong but only in these mini secretariats they have been able to complete their duties.
He also mentioned the concerns of the people living in the border areas, giving the example of what happened in Mukroh.
“Is this the government's responsibility? The NPP-led MDA government has deceived the people of Garo Hills and all the people of Meghalaya.
Shillong, October 4: The Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that if the PDF wants to have the rule of all the parties in the KHADC, it should submit a letter to the KHADC. They said that they want to work together, but the ARPa will not accept Bah Process T Sawkmie.
These include EGH: 07, EJH: 19, EKH: 87, NGH: 11, RBD: 6, SGH: 07, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 8, WGH: 105, WJH: 53 and WKH:
Prestone praised Rev.JJM Nichols Roy who was the pioneer of the future of the Khasi people and said that it was through him that the The Constitution of the country, which has been fully enshrined in the Autonomous District Council (ADC), to protect the land.
Sangma, Dameshanbor Gashnga, Jospal Kurbah, Blanangshngain Khongsdam, Deibormame Tongper, Daohipaia Rymbai, Jeffrey Warlarpih (Coach), Beneslaus Khyriem (Assistant Coach & Manager), Wandashisha Dkhar (Physiotherapist).
The smartphone also has a high-speed Mediatek Helio and a G85 processor so that the phone will have no lag and no lag when playing games.
In all these things we are happy and happy in our lives but without judging ourselves how we are and why we are here and where we will go one day.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) has introduced a new examination system for students who have passed the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC), although they have been suspended. too.
Shillong: BSF troops have seized a vehicle (Swift Desire) at Dawki village, East Khasi Hills district near the foreign border. .
Laparoscopic surgery is a minimally invasive procedure that can be performed through small incisions, resulting in less pain, shorter hospital stay, and faster recovery.
The BJP recently held a meeting at Tyrso Village with the participation of Bah Earnest Mawrie as State President and Bah Sanbor Shulai, Minister of State from the BJP. Dr. Evarist Myrsing has been nominated as the BJP candidate from Mawhati Constituency. The BJP has appointed the President of Mawhati Mandal to strengthen the party.
The rule of the people should not be based on Hero Worship.
Shillong, Nail 10: The Catholic Youth League (CYL) will celebrate its Golden Jubilee at St. Dominic Savios' Church, Mawlai Parish from 5th to 7th November
He said that the party will meet the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to seek clarification on the news that the government has extended the operation of GVK in the state. after the end of the contract.
Speeches were also delivered by JSM Western Region President Samla Ribok Biam, Dilone Lyngdoh, Head of Salini Colony, David Ngaite, Ex Disciplinary Secretary JYF-CB and others.
On this occasion, we also spoke to several candidates who have led the MLA Election 2023 and urged the people to come out in order to cast their votes. without doing anything because it is their right to do that part of electing the leader of their choice.
Amlarem Social Club beat Man I Bha 2-0 in the Super Division Football League played at the Mini Stadium, Ladjaplem Amlarem on Friday.
He said that he was cleaning up the street because he knew that some people were cleaning up the street.
Therefore, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs together with the Volunteer Shnongs strongly condemns this because instead of these road construction companies completing the road soon, through the violence or burning of this road. There will be a traffic jam and slow down in the construction of this road not only affects the company but also the traffic of the people of the area because this road is a real benefit and u budlum to the good church.
After the destruction of the pandal which was prepared for the public hearing, the public hearing was held at the company hall which went smoothly with many supporters, while the opposition did not have the opportunity to participate.
Amebalaker Wanniang, 15, of Mawten village, is the son of Dasliroy Lyngkhoi and Cherryda Wanniang.
It is highly suspected that the cause of the sudden fire inside the school was caused by robbers who tried to set fire to the school. still going on.
The traffic jam yesterday, has also caused problems to the market goers from Upper Shillong, as they don't have enough vehicles to get to the market. Upper Shillong, commercial vehicles are no longer available at the parking lots in Them Iew Mawlong and this has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers, school children and has discouraged the parents. well.
Replying to the amount of funds allocated for the assistance to schools, the Executive Member said that 25 lakh tyngka has been allocated and at least 36,000 tyngka per school.
Thus, “they said
It has freed women in rural areas from the confinement of fires and has completely changed the concept of 'gender equality'
At the same time, the football players of the school who represented the District West Jaintia Hills to the State level in the Under-14 Boys and Under-17 Boys and Girls category were honoured.
“The Pakistan Railways Employees Union (CBA) has staged a protest in Lahore over the lack of salary. celebration of Eidul-Adha,” said the source.
In this regard, the KSU Nongpyndeng Unit has demanded that the Civil Hospital Nongstoin and the Police Department should provide an explanation for the delay in submitting the report on the incident. .
“We want to win as the party with the highest number of MLAs and form a government in the state,” he said, adding that the AAP has started preparations to elect candidates for the 2018 elections.
The President of the VPP, Meghalaya Chapter, said that the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, has given the reason that the government does not want to appoint retired officers as employees of the Lokayukta, but will appoint and the officers who are still in their work, because they don't need to be paid.
Cricket Smit scored 127/6 in 20 overs with Shankupar Kharbyngar top scored with 45 runs from 35 balls and Shanborlang Kharshiing took two wickets. 4 Over.
In a meeting with reporters, the Chief Secretary, Bah WMS Pariat, said that he has not received any information whether CM Jha has been arrested or not, but he said that he may not be arrested. He was arrested because he had not received bail from the Supreme Court.
This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong in reply to a question in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
The Minister said that the expenditure of each BOP will be about T.2 crore per annum.
In fact, Meghalaya should have hosted the National Games in 2022 which is also the 50th anniversary of its independence, but it has not been able to do so.
The death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 9,881 worldwide with 2,42,000 new cases. the period of the 2008 financial crisis and then the 1918 Spanish flu.
NEHUTA has admitted that Professor SK Shrivastav since he took over as VC of NEHU has not been able to work for the good of NEHU or for the benefit of the students and teachers of NEHU. NEHUTA demands that a committee should be appointed to investigate the unfounded and violent actions of the VC of NEHU. No meeting has ever been convened to discuss the benefits of the students or the university as a whole.
The Preparatory Committee was formed and Agnes Kharshiing, President of CSWO, was elected as one of the three Coordinators in the state.
We formed a government at that time to provide the numbers, but now we are more united.
In the explanation lodged on the 15th of this month to the two companies, the lawyer of the seven landowners, JB Kharbhih, alleged that the two companies have exceeded the limits and They have also built their own buildings and started quarrying lakhs of metric tons of machinery from the ground and land of these seven persons.
Secretary Bah D.Q.Kharbuli on the part of the president explained and said that this association is not the child or mother of any association and its emergence is not for the purpose of destroying the association. but this organization has its own foundation as it has been explained in the media recently and it can also look into the common issues faced by schools or teachers. The association has to look after itself.
Police have arrested the driver and the follower and taken them to the Howrah Court for trial.
The lockdown was held a day after the sit in demonstration organized by the union but the government did not believe and none of the leaders of the area to speak to the government on this issue. you're public.
“If we go like us (the disabled) they already have one mind.
The Government of India has also started opening training centers such as the Indian Sign Language Research and Training Center in Delhi to expand and develop it.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi spoke on two projects related to the empowerment of women through the use of drones in agriculture and the provision of medicines at low prices for households. don't.
Bah Kharjana said that the Roster System prepared by the Government for the disabled in terms of recruitment is appropriate and suitable for them.
They did good but you are causing trouble to civilians, you should fix it".
Saleng A Sangma's demand to cancel the MLA scheme is because the allocation of Rs 2.5 crore is only Rs 2.5 crore and the Rs 2.5 crore scheme will not be able to meet the needs of the people in the constituencies. However, it has turned the MLAs into slaves because the existence of this scheme has caused the people to expect too much and the people expect the MLAs to give all they have and to pay for their children. college fees, school fees, hospital fees and so on but only 2.5 crore tyngka can be covered.
They also complained that they cannot go to the river to control the water in the Hali.
While meeting with Prestone Tynsong, the MLA and the NPP office bearers from Mawhati Block, they informed about the deterioration of the road from Umsning to Umsiang which is about 80 km long, the road from Liarbang. -To upgrade Mawhati PHC to CHC, Eklavya Residential School in Umtrai, Village Roads or Approach Roads in various villages.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Congress East Khasi Hills General Secretary SG Khongiong said that the Congress party expects the mid-term elections to be held in October, hold elections within six months.
Shillong, November 10: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of South Shillong Constituency, on Saturday held a Pre Christmas and New Year Get-Together. T.3,50,000 to 14 Christian Churches for the preparation of Christmas.
Because of her passion for cooking, she named her program Eat Your Kappa.
In fact, the Tharia Wah Rew Festival was held in 1984 by the Hima Sohra and the Shnong Ryngud to preserve and commemorate the relationship between the Sohpieng market but it has disappeared for decades, said the Sordar Shnong. Row.
On the part of Miriam Thangkhiew, wife of Bah Hubert Paliar, she expressed her gratitude and congratulations to all those who have contributed for Bah Hubert Paliar during his visit to the state and India. to the game in Turkey.
“Out of these 57 schools, 22 are from the central government and 35 from the state,” he said.
Speaking to reporters, Javed said that he was selected for winning a gold medal in the State Level Bench Press Competition held at Umsning.
In fact, the district administration has imposed a curfew in Motphran, Khyndai, Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Lama Villa, Mawprem, Keating Road, Polo, Cantonment and Mawlonghat from 10 pm today. This morning, it was learned that the curfew has been extended to the evening and released in the morning.
The KSU said that the visit to the KHADC was to demand the removal of these Gaobura.
The I.N.A appointed Captain to General T Hodyson Dykes.
This has happened many, many times.
Theilin Phanbuh, Chairperson of the MSWC, said the commission has sent a proposal from the Nirbhaya Fund for the construction of a women's shelter in the state.
The High Court has said that the government should seek information from the plaintiffs against these illegal activities, the names of the kingpins involved in these activities and also seek assistance from the Assam police. to seek and catch them.
Competition Themes “This competition is said to be the most important part of the NEP for all those who participate.
The BJP is still counting and has not yet taken a decision.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Mawkhar FC 2-0 in the SPL U-18 match of the SSA today.
There have been many discussions among the people today as soon as they saw in the newspapers that the government has announced T.4 lakh tyngka to the victims of the earthquake, and this discussion was before the incident in Ri. –Lum Garo Two persons have lost their lives while another is still missing in an earthquake that has struck East Khasi Hills District on July Open.
Jowai, Jympang 07: The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai, on Tuesday announced that there will be drug ban days in all parts of the state. Hills from the 25th, 26th and 27th June 2023 as the polling day and on the 2nd October 2023 as the polling day.
Market dwellers are exempt from this tax throughout the year 2019-2
That Bah Lakmen Rymbui has expressed his surprise that the police department does not know anything, shows that it is necessary to strengthen the patrolling of the police in the places where such beverages are suspected to be sold. it destroys human life.
Our plan to leave Shillong and reach Nongpoh on time did not succeed.
Regarding the destruction of the parking lot, the union will talk to the rangbah, to discuss and especially to send to build one, but if he does not come to talk or build one, on the other hand, the party will act more strongly.
In a statement, ADGP Surendra Kumar said that Tankeswar Nath was arrested for allegedly extorting money from a person who wanted to change the land. Your land is in the Miyadi Patta.
Children with disabilities from the Bethany Society performed a welcome song and the Shillong Chamber Choir performed for the participants.
He said Chandrayaan 3 and Pragyan Rover have been showing new images of the Moon.
However, the sad thing is that people or leaders say that if they give money to other candidates, they take it but don't vote again, they only take the money when they give it.
“The desire of the people to get Prah has become like the desire of poor women,” said Bah Ardent.
This church in Thyatira began in 538 AD. This church exists to this day and will enter that last time or the Last Day spoken of in Daniel 9:2
It’s up to us humans to redeem it.
According to the Sordar, since he was born in Smit for 60 years, he has never seen such an incident. The worst snowfall was in 1997 when the cold weather was 10 feet and a half but in the evening it melted, while the cold weather took time to turn into water.
Sadly, from Assam, the BJP has come to form a government in our state.
These letters of demand have been received by Khasi and foreign traders and demanded in the name of payment of income tax for the year 2023 and this demand starts from Rs 15 lakh to Rs 80 lakh.
They say that the town which had just killed the righteous Aesop without any reason or grounds had suffered a terrible disease only a few years after he had been killed.
“But we have full confidence in our ARPA friends. We hope that no one will turn around to dissolve the EC,” he said. said Mr. Kharkongor.
Nongstoiñ: The District Administration of West Khasi Hills District today arrested three illegal coal miners while they were mining coal from Seningkhri area.
The District Magistrate of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat on Monday issued an order under Section 144 CrPC prohibiting any kind of fishing or any kind of public gathering near the fish ponds. within 500 meters on the PWD road so that there will be no disruption in the traffic.
Members of the union from President Pynhun Shulet and Melki Dhar Secretary, visited Biar village and found that the construction of the road has been completed. color on the ground and 'even if you cut it by hand, you can remove the colors of the psiang'
The cause of the accident was that the driver of the bike was driving too fast and could not control the bike. The bike collided with the truck.
He said that at present there are five MLAs who have expressed their readiness to join the BJP but they are waiting for the time and confirmation from them.
The President of India, Droupadi Murmu has sworn in Justice DY Chandrachud as the Chief Justice of the country.
The District Horticulture Officer, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday held an exhibition of plants including flowers, skud, soh ki pai and the production of umngap. The District Agriculture Officer (DAO) has issued a notice to the President of the Republic of Bhutan, Khliehriat.
“If the police cannot stop this crime immediately, we will have to do whatever is necessary to bring peace in the area,” he said.
The entire team is ready to compete in the tournament.
Regarding the Lumshnong PHC, he said that the district authorities have received information that there are not enough rooms to install the x-ray machine and ultrasound machine but now the DMF has promised to build the rooms. for machines.
At that time, the river was still shyiap.
However, one of the shortcomings in the conduct of the Dorbar in Parliament is the lack of MPs leading small political parties or MPs without parties.
He said that NEHU has set up a Center for Culture and Creative Studies to promote the culture of the region.
Sherita's mother said that the cost of her daughter Samla Irikmen's trip to Turkey will amount to Rs 3.22 lakh. home.
He said that this group should have a meeting every year so that the group can survive and be of benefit to the future generations.
As is known to everyone in the state, the cleanliness of the water has been as if the ship is sailing in the wind.
The Dorbar Shnongs need to be very vigilant and take action on this issue which can have a serious impact on the community.
Speaking in Shillong on the second day of the tournament, the coach of the Tamil Table Tennis Association (TTTA), one of the two Tamil table tennis associations since Ramesh Babu, said that Vishwa, who has been involved in the tournament, Sharath Kamal has won many titles in domestic and foreign tournaments as well as in his short career in the country. junior and sub-junior levels.
However, on the other hand, it was learned that there has been a fierce ticket struggle in the party between several candidates until it cannot be resolved and if she does not contest, Kong Ampareen may lose the vote.
In the 21-year-old category, Charamanbha Shullai won the first prize, Ferdinand Dkhar won the second prize and Parveen Lyngdoh Mawphlang and Ibakordor Lawriniang won the third prize.
On the night of the 6th July 2022, at the Mawlai Mawroh Indoor Stadium, witnessed many beautiful matches, which was the evening of the closing ceremony of the boxing tournament. The tournament was organized by the Green Heart Boxing Club of Mawlai.
The match between Manipur and Mizoram was very interesting on this day, it was witnessed that these two teams are the strongest teams in this tournament.
Therefore the woman shall not be above the man.
It was also decided to close down the houses of Bah L. Lyngdoh Mawphlang (resident) at the house of KC Bairo, Lawsohtun Block – 5 and at the house of Dr (Mrs) B Kurbah (1st floor). Lawsohtun Block-4, which is located near CID Quarters, since yesterday.
As part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the RBSK Program in the state, the District Early Intervention Center (DEIC), West Jaintia Hills District under the National Health Mission (NHM) ) of the Government of Meghalaya on 15th June held a one-day workshop on “Nutrition & Growth”.
“He said that he will soon visit Mizoram to discuss and discuss how to curb the drug trafficking especially as the state has a high drug trafficking rate. now the consumption and sale of this drug has decreased.
The incident comes after another shooter accused of involvement in the murder of Muktiar Umesh Pal was killed in a search operation by police and the Special Task Force (STF) in Kaundhiyara area of ​​Prayagraj district in Uttar Pradesh yesterday, a police source said.
The child was found from Umran Diary by Saralinda at the house of Sandon Kharlyngdoh at 2:30 pm this morning.
On other issues such as the lack of schools and health centres, the MDC of Sohra said that he will follow up, but it depends on the the MLA who has been appointed is not in the Government.
The KHADC has confirmed that this is not a mistake in sending a notice but it has said that the cafe was built without the permission of the State Pollution Control Board. illegal because in relation to the construction of houses cannot be carried out without the permission of the Board.
Therefore, he urged the people to participate in such sports because the development of the district and the state as a whole does not depend on the implementation of schemes or projects but on the participation of the people. in many areas of life.
Deepika, who will take part in Jawan, said that her role is very important.
There are 9,36,496 Garo people in Meghalaya.
At present, we have no electricity for up to 10 hours a day in Meghalaya.
“We have been publishing newspapers for more than 1000 years now, we as the Khasi people have gone further than others like Mizoram and other people in the East,” he said. Summary.
The residents of the area, as soon as they saw the death of these pigs, informed the Veterinary Department Nongpoh, so that they can take the necessary action and rescue the other pigs from the death. who are inside the pig farm.
In West Khasi Hills, there are five.
He said that while the residents were trying to plant these kseh trees, after a while it was witnessed that the smoke came out of the Karbi area.
Last Saturday, Bah Macmillan Kharbani together with party leaders, left for Porsohsat and Mawsnagpwir villages, to hold a meeting and register the names of the party members and office bearers. village.
The HITO, after receiving a complaint from the shopkeepers and the residents, has informed the district authorities and on Tuesday the district administration has informed the district administration. Magistrate Bah Ronnie Wahlang together with members of HITO visited the site.
If you work hard, God will bless you and your wealth will come,” said Kong Patricia.
"India has turned to the Pakistani border and attacked, killing 300 people," Hilaly said in a television interview.
It used to be the custom for the Governor to deliver the Governor's Address on the opening day of the Budget Session. In July 2023, you will be able to speak Hindi.
The NPP Women's Wing has expressed many demands for the welfare of Jowai, the District and the State.
Shillong, November 22: The Unitarian Women's Union (UWN) North East India, Shillong, on November 20 and 21, 2014, held its 4th General Assembly at the Unitarian Church, Shillong.
Therefore, the match between these two teams will be very interesting to score points.
They also decided that the leaders of these two groups will conduct an inspection of the border villages together with the village leaders, and they also decided that such a meeting will be held in Jowai in these days. to come.
She urged the leaders to oppose the bill and to support the Union as it is understood that the bill will be discussed in the Legislative Assembly in the coming days.
Furthermore, as a sign of appreciation to the people who have come forward to fight against COVID-19 in the village, five Anganwadi and Asha workers were honored and blankets were also presented to them.
However, at times like these, when Corona does not recognize urban or rural, poor or rich, rich or poor, everyone finds their own problems.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday urged those involved to suspend the operation of four buses by the Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC), which has been operating in the city in the past years. .
“Because it is after we have received the permission on 22nd November 2020 that we will be allowed to start the work and after that there will be no letter from MUDA to the NPP. The National People's Youth Front (NPYF) on Thursday demanded that the leaders of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) should apologize immediately for the allegation that the NPP has built an office in Bivar. Road, Polo, Shillong without the approval of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA).
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers as an independent candidate from Nongkrem Constituency, he said that the UDP has issued a ticket to him as the founder of the UDP. joining after the beginning shows a lack of respect for him as the oldest member and one of the founders of the party.
Before visiting these villages, the TMC MLAs held a meeting at Maikhuli Village to discuss and discuss the problems of the people. They have left for Delhi today to meet the Union Home Minister to take a final decision on the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya. you don't have to fix the boundaries.
He added that the department has provided Supervising Officers, Supervisors and Flying Squads for the smooth running of the examinations.
He said that according to Section 3 (2) the Lokayukta can function and perform its functions only if the Lokayukta has a chairperson and four members.
However, according to the half-term decision of the Supreme Court, what is the reason? Well, let's leave it at that.
There are 1,929 confirmed cases and 1,333 deaths.
Meanwhile, Sohra was led by Bah Gavin Mylliem, who won from the PDF and joined the NPP after the MMLA elections this year.
The Indian government today ordered all its citizens to leave Kharkiv immediately and reach Pesochin, Babaye and Bezlyudovka without delay.
The Central Government, through the 'Whole of Government' approach, has worked to strengthen the pride, language, identity, literature, music, traditional dress and food of the people. North East and has worked to open the way for the whole of India to understand these characteristics.
Bah Thongni, who joined the HSPDP in the past few months to contest the MDC election from Jirang Constituency, but announced today that he has left the party after the party Nosi Lyngdoh has been nominated for the Jirang Constituency.
As a resident who has responsibility for the welfare of the District and the area itself, I would like to point out here that within the District, the rights of the people have been violated by the government as it pleases.
In 2017, the number of tourists increased to 10 lakh Indians and more than 9,000 overseas tourists.
The heavy rainfall which has continued for 10 days has given hope that the Umïam River which has started to dry up in the past few days will not be filled with water so that it can continue to supply electricity to the people of the state.
The Lamphang's remarks came after the protests by the teachers at various levels to demand their rights from the State Government.
According to sources, the cyclone has destroyed about 40 houses in the area and the villages severely affected by the cyclone include Nongthliew, Umthlong. Kyrsen, Umthlong Kharmuti and Langkyrteng are under the Mairang C&RD Block.
Khliehriat: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District to get more clarification regarding the check gate, Malidor, East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District.
Shillong: The Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that there is no need to convene a special session as demanded by the Chairman of the State Planning Board, Lambor Malngiang.
Similarly, Government officials from the Soil Department have come to try to plant trees in this village but the villagers have not been allowed to put up the sign board of the Department because they are afraid that the time will come when the villagers will not. You shall not enter or leave or set foot in these Adong Forests.
The meeting unanimously decided that such illegal activities in Lawmali Forest will not be allowed and if found involved in drug trafficking, drug trafficking, drug trafficking and drug trafficking will be arrested and prosecuted. in the rules of law.
The HNYF said that the Assam-Meghalaya cadre has made it clear that if a non-Khasi becomes DC, he will not fight against Assam because if he comes to work in the state, he will be punished. The State should be informed as much as possible to the people who are not allowed.
Replying to the allegation by some private individuals, who said that these people who wanted to sell the land are not the owners of the land, these people said that this is wrong, because the land Therefore, the residents of the three villages have decided to hand over to the army only those land. which do not affect the people and the land which no one owns.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor on Monday said that as soon as the date of the elections in the state was announced, the campaign has immediately started across the state. .
However, Goa managed to reach the target in 33.2 overs for the loss of two wickets.
On the same day, the MLA also donated money to Winningstar L.Nonglait, a kickboxer from Nongpathaw, Mawlai Mawdatbaki who will leave for Delhi on the 30th of this month. March 29, 2022.
These four buses have been found to exceed the rules laid down by the state government.
The theme of this year's sermon is, “Grow up in Him” (Colossians 2:7).
Afterwards, Modi will inaugurate the Guard of Honour.
It is hoped that understanding will overcome the emotion at this time to elect the new President of the UDP. There are 17 vacancies in the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government.
Shillong: U Bah Tyngshain Synrem (30) has died after falling while working at a quarry in Laitkroh, Mawkdok, East Khasi Hills, on 27th November
and I promised to start now... Tell me how much you love me.
He said that there are 1617 people from the state who are stranded outside the state and preparations are underway to send relief.
The example of Jowai, especially Iawmusiang, which is the headquarters of West Jaintia Hills district, where even after the opening and closing of shops needed by the public and allowing vendors to sell in the market, phewse It was found that those rules and regulations are not working and the people are violating these rules to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic.
Nongpoh: By preventing foreigners from entering the state and as one of the measures to curb the spread of Corona Virus or (COVID-19), the District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District , along with a meeting of health officials and police, have continued to check foreigners and those who intend to enter Meghalaya.
It is suspected that the death of these workers was caused by eating the poisonous soh which the people of the area used to kill fish.
The NPP has been spending a lot of money in Jaintia Hills because the NPP leaders are from that area.
“Peace is a sign that God is with us.
At present, the VPP has received a lot of support from social media and listening to the discussions.
He said that PA Sangma is a visionary.
On the death of Witson and the death in police custody, the DGP said there would be a team of inquiry and the NHRC to find out the cause of the death.
If you work together and want together, nothing is impossible.
Taking part in the funeral, the Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy said, “We have lost a man who knew all the rules of procedure of the dorbar, and a beloved man. community".
In order to avoid the burden of sharing your problems with the elders around you, because while you are hiding the evil deeds of your children, the children of the robbers are hiding in the shadows. If you preach to others about your problems because of your children's actions, you will not bear the sin alone but you will be free in your mind.
It was also clear that there is a need to treat covid 19 patients.
At the same time, the meeting approved the speech to be delivered by the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmu Ganathan on the opening day of the Budget Session on 4th October.
He owns land in 17 agricultural plots worth T.140.5 crore, non-agricultural plots worth T.10.15 crore including a street house worth T.44.90 crore.
Many people have died inside those caves but as most of these workers are from Nepal or Bangladesh and Assam their bodies have never been found.
These young people are a great asset to the nation through their work.
What is worse, after the heavy rainfall, this road in many places has turned into a pool due to the flooding of water and some parts are bad enough to make it difficult for vehicles and motorcycles to travel. .
Nongstoiñ: Police of Shahlang Police Station, this morning at about 8:30 pm, received a tip on the presence of a pistol which was hidden by robbers in one of the police stations. forest of Songsak village under Shahlang Police Station.
The Chairperson of the SCPCR said that this news has shocked the people and said that she has already spoken to the Sordar of the village who said that this man has been doing this since
Kynsai Chyrmang (8) scored the first goal of the second division football tournament. The match between Iawmulong Nartiang and Mooknor Thadmuthlong drew 1-1
New Delhi: Various posts have appeared on Twitter in the past few days, which are that China has threatened to attack India.
“Yes, Bah, I have understood since you told me that.
On the other hand, some of the new voters in Jowai said that this is the first time for them to elect their leaders, so they expressed their happiness to have such an opportunity to elect their leaders.
Let Suk Be The Chairman.
The Pnar language was also published in a statement and the Pnar language was recognized as the Jaintia language in writing.
It is necessary to close it completely, by dying or burning the mat and putting it on the bed.
Balochistan Chief Minister Abdul Quddus Bizenjo has strongly condemned those involved in the attack and said that militant groups are responsible for attacking civilians and innocent spirits. He also promised that the government will not release those involved in such violence but will take the necessary action in due course.
Nongpoh: The NPP Mawhati Constituency on Tuesday held a meeting to introduce the leaders from different circles in the Mawhati Constituency and also to welcome those who have joined the NPP. The NPP candidate for Mawhati Constituency, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, has strongly supported the 2023 election from Mawhati Constituency.
The handshake continues within its coalition partners.
On the other hand, the Working President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the UDP's foundation in the upcoming elections is a heavy task to carry because it has been 50 years and now it has to be carried out. years and 50 years from now and this is an opportunity to ensure that from the golden opportunity to the golden food.
Arthur said he wants to have children for his wives so that they will not feel lonely in their lives.
Besides, the court has also released bail to other members of the KSU including from Ri-Bhoi with certain conditions.
However, in the second half, Eastern Ri Bhoi SC had a chance to score 2 goals, but before the end of the first half, Kynjoin Umran SC had a chance to score 2 goals. Eastern Ri Bhoi FC beat Kynjoin Umran SC 2-1 in the first half of the match.
“It is necessary to amend the Mylliem Act 2007 and the Mylliem Rule 2015 to create opportunities for women and youth organizations to participate in the Dorbar Shnongs.
Speaking to reporters, Hek said the state government has sent two letters to Uma Bharti, Union Minister of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation for the distribution of the T .42 crore for the implementation of the Protection of Wah Umkhrah and Wah Umshyrpi.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers for the election to be held on 27th June, Bah Hamlet said that the people of Mylliem constituency have elected him in However, it is not easy because for 2 years the state has lost time to implement development projects due to the outbreak of Covid-19 not only for India and the world as a whole.
The 37th State Badminton Championship-2022 is being organized by the Meghalaya State Badminton Association, Shillong. Head Coach Daru Laloo, Assistant Head Coach Homelin Bareh, Manager Teddy Laloo and Assistant Manager Damehi Suchiang. , Under 15 Boys (Doubles) 2 players, Under 17 Boys (Singles) 6 players, Under 17 Boys (Doubles) 8 players, Under 19 Boys (Singles) 6 players, Under 19 Boys (Doubles) 8 players.
He urged the leaders of the Seiñraij to improve the quality of the lehniam in the coming years.
Yoga teacher Baba Ramdev, who is also the founder of Patanjali Ayurveda, was charged in the Supreme Court on Tuesday over a misleading advertisement, a few days after it was sent. apology before the court in this regard.
If a nation is to survive and move forward, it is essential that it be understanding and use its eyes and mind to decide and imagine.
The match on Tuesday will be between Nongkseh SC and Mawshbuit SC at 4:45 pm.
Speaking on the schools, Dr Mukul said the MDA Government has not taken any responsibility to complete the schools and even the Engineer and Doctor schools which should have been completed by the Government. MDA did not complete it.
“I would like to draw your attention to the unfounded allegations by Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, NPP Leader, that the VPP has brought or disrupted peace and order during the NPP meetings,” he said. said the Election Agent of the VPP, Bah Danny Langstieh in a statement sent to the CEO. Langstieh said that Bah Syiem had made these allegations on the 6th and 8th June, He is still campaigning for his party in Rynjah, East Khasi Hills and Umsning, Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong: Answering a question by George B Lyngdoh (Congress), the Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, James K Sangma, today said that the implementation of the One Time Settlement Scheme. it is to receive the payment of the fire, which remains much.
Nongpoh, Nailur 03: The Shree Shree Maa Kali Mandir Committee today started the puja of the Hindu community in Nongpoh.
Shillong: U Minister of Electricity, James PK Sangma, today said that the state government has canceled the soskular with NTPC, as it feels that this agreement is biased and not an agreement. do not share together.
If you don't need a court, you can write it by hand, then you can type it on a typing machine, your certificate, your marksheet, your schedule, Tribe, etc. You can also use 3/4 carbon paper. tylli until you don't know what to read.
However, Swastic Chettri, who played well to open the innings, got the support of Sachdeva and scored 82 for the fifth wicket before Chettri was dismissed for he hit four fours and one six in this inning.
Mynsngad SC beat Khliehmynkrem SC 3-3 in the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Wednesday.
He expressed his hope that the people will elect the Congress to form the government in Delhi.
“At first I was very shy but after trying, I have become more confident,” said Stella.
The Word of God has already foretold this by saying, “In that day my people Israel shall dwell safely, knowest thou not? When you come to your country (Russia, Turkey etc) from the Farther North, you and many other nations are riding on horses (Erphlen Thma), paid billions and powerless soldiers.
On the same day, the students of the Kur who have passed the examinations will also be awarded.
On 7th July 2020, India has reported more than 2 million cases of coronavirus in just three months, more than 10 million or more than 10 million. The number of cases in the past three months has exceeded that of the United States and Brazil, the two countries with the highest number of cases.
