Twelve teams from the states will compete for the 77th Santosh Trophy, in which Meghalaya has been placed in Group-A, and the teams include Arunachal Pradesh, Goa, Assam, Services, and Kerala.
Their premises are large and spacious at least 12,000 square feet.
The EM Incharge Taxation convened the meeting after finding out that the council's revenue is outside the council's budget from trading licences, non-tribal employee service licenses, professional tax as well as illegal immigrants. or to register in the trade of property in both the districts of East and West Jaintia Hills.
Otherwise, this government can be called a blind government or a government without foundations, without recognition of gender.
However, it is surprising that they have now left to support the NPP in the KHADC, while in the Assembly they are in the opposition.
To assist ambulance for emergency treatment.
The MDc's visit has pleased the laundry workers as he has promised to build a roof covering to protect them from the rain especially during the rainy season.
However, thank you very much for expressing what you have to express, maybe we haven't heard it yet but we can't escape to say yes and be surprised to hear the words of those who have gone before. the Moon and the Sun.
“I personally feel that if they had visited and investigated thoroughly at that time, perhaps there would have been no problem now because if they had visited themselves to ask the border residents, perhaps the villages would not have had only 23 villages. but 29 of them should not come to Meghalaya,” he said.
They can fly and fly in the sky for hours and with their eyes they can see even the smallest insects on the ground.
Police said that these bullets were recovered from his tiphin songja after searching the placard he was carrying on that day.
He said that teams can register 18 players but during the tournament there will be only 16 players.
“In the last election when he lost, some heard my speech, some didn't, where there was a lot of mourning and sorrow. not only from the supporters but the nation has cried and mourned.
These are 12 villages under the jurisdiction of the Nartiang Investigation Center of Jowai Police Station which is far away from these villages and has to walk for hours between bad roads to get assistance from the authorities. police when there is no church.
The state government has tried hard to resolve the issue and the state government has sent money to pay to NEEPCO, but due to its own procedures, NEEPCO has not been able to resolve the issue. its command to turn off the power.
The State Government has decided that government schools and non-government schools should charge 50% of the tuition fees for 3 months and private schools. and churches should charge only tuition fees in addition to other charges.
Now you can 'join' it.
Dippu Ch Sangma scored 5/54 for Arunachal Pradesh for 238 runs in 84.5 overs.
The order further explained that the magistrates' investigation to find out whether there is an accurate payment of GST in the trade and management.
In the last dorbar, the price of a smart meter was T.3,400 each, but it was said that the price of the meter is T.9 The meeting of the board of directors to discuss the hundreds of crores of rupees, however, lasted only 15 minutes and this is unthinkable.
The Seng Samla Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang, Jowai also took part in the celebration by planting 105 tree seedlings along the roadsides of the village. Nangdong-B conducted the same cleanliness drive and planted trees among others.
Wanbha Lyngdoh, Langdoh of Raij Mukhla said that the ceremony was held in a smooth manner and hoped that this Behdieñkhlam will bring prosperity and well-being to the community. especially to ward off evil, smen, disease and ngoh.
“We will take a decision to proceed with the enactment of the Ordinance,” he said.
Muniyappa said the government is now making arrangements for the transfer of the money to the accounts of the beneficiaries.
College Jowai has become one of the young women from Ri-Lum Jaintia who has been prominent in cycling in the competitions she has taken part in.
Shillong, Nailar, 20: U Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday will meet with the Chief Minister of Assam in Guwahati to discuss the second border demarcation between the two states, said the Symbud. Chief Minister of the State, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
The bus left Guwahati for Mankachar via Tikrikilla.
“I appeal to the people of the state as a whole to give their support especially for the construction of roads in Meghalaya,” he added.
The fire was spotted by the guard of the church at 6.30 pm on Tuesday and immediately informed the parish priest, Father Anthony.
Listen to the Hindi spoken by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, or other Union Ministers who don't speak English, and the Hindi spoken by our Khasi MLAs, the difference is big. tremendous.
A meeting held at Nongkhroh on Saturday decided to immediately close down the garbage dump of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) at Thadmusem.
Nongpoh, Nailar 30: U Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, today raised a question on the refusal of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) to demarcate the border in the country. The second question is, while the Assam government includes the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) in the demarcation process. The second question is, if the Assam government includes the KAAC, why doesn't the Meghalaya government include KHADC and JHADC? in the demarcation of villages under the jurisdiction of District Councils.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The second KJP Provisional Synod will be held at Kharang Presbyterian Church District from 22 to 24 October
In the women's category, Meghalaya, which had to tied first, scored 44 runs in 26.3 overs, while Tamil Nadu beat the target by 4.4 runs. iover without losing a wicket at all.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Deimonhi Dkhar, owner of the Makhane, said, “In the past, when we couldn't sell, we had to give Sohshan to someone.
The presence of this tree can attract more tourists in the area because according to the villagers it is said that this tree has its own story and it is also said that this tree The tree is the tree of an old man from the same village who planted his tree in that place and the tree of the old man has grown up. and he is still standing to this day.
It is at this time that the candidate and his party are in need of medicine.
On Tuesday, the heads of 42 villages in collaboration with the Garo Mothers Union, held a meeting at Ukiam village. They also invited former Rambrai Jyrngam MLA KP Pangniang to attend the meeting to discuss how they will act if the Brahmaputra Board re-implements the Kulsi Hydro Project.
After receiving a tip, a team of BSF troops serving in the state, on Friday seized 'Skin Shine' worth T.31 lakh from the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District has rejected an attempt by robbers to smuggle them to Bangladesh.
The fertilizer we make in this way is called compost.
They should also install plas so that people can throw garbage and residents should not be allowed to throw garbage on the roads.
The trees and the shrubs shall die first, by the sword, then the mountains shall be destroyed, the villages shall be destroyed, the land shall be destroyed. , how, where and when to pay and so on.
If there is anything to express our concerns, we have to wait for her and the matters that we have to discuss face to face with the Principal are sent to the Personal Assistant who is not an employee of the school.
On the other hand, the General Secretary said that the party will meet soon to discuss the matter.
It is learned that this action of Bah Sanbor has upset and saddened the Lamphang.
Awards were also distributed to the children of the Shadap Manar clan for those who passed well in various examinations.
Overall, the CAG report found that the implementation of the scheme has been inadequate and there are many shortcomings because the scheme has not been implemented according to the DBT Mode.
A) The opposition has demanded that a Select Committee should be appointed by the Council as a whole.
Be careful not to “RECEIVE YOUR OWN PUNISHMENT”.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the Urban Development Department and the Home Jail have already signed a social agreement for the relocation of the Shillong District Jail to the New Shillong Township. 25 acres.
In the fourth match, Dilingiem YSCWA beat Ïatyllilang SC 1-3 goals. Urijoylang Syiemlieh (55 min) scored the first goal for Dilingiem YSCWA. SC scored the third goal (3 & 8 min) and then Banpyndap Ryndong (10min).
HM Shangpliang said that the decision was taken at a meeting attended by all the Working Presidents of Districts in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills. The State President of the NPP, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also the Symbud to the Chief Minister, said:
This was announced by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the Director of Health Services (MI).
I have already spoken to the CM, and the CM will also discuss this issue and take a decision in the current Budget Session,” said Bah Tynsong.
On the other hand, the CEM urged the Dolloi to maintain their dignity in their work as Dolloi by respecting the laws and regulations of the District Council.
He said that before the turf was cleaned, many kinds of sports could be played, various programs such as prayers, Seng Khasi dances and others could be held, but now the ground has become exactly for in football, that too has to pay.
He accused them of promoting Christianity in schools through the promotion of Christianity.
Rajasthan United's Richardson Kwaku Denzell scored the first goal of the match in the sixth minute.
To know more about these last days, let us see what Daniel prophesied – “Until the time of the end: Many shall run to and fro, and knowledge shall be increased”.
Some may ask, so who is older between Jesus and Daniel, because before Jesus was born, Jesus was already in heaven than Daniel on earth the bible tells the truth that Jesus was not in heaven from the beginning.
Shillong: The President of the KSU, Lambokstarwell Marngar, today said that the KSU does not accept the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, AL Hek that there are only 30,000 people in Meghalaya. out of 35 lakh citizens of Meghalaya who want ILP.
This method of calling is useful because instead of calling by name, it is called by tribe.
“So the people of Sohiong understand and know better why Maheh lost, and when Maheh died, the people felt more comfortable turning to the Congress in this election,” he said. Shovel.
He said militant groups such as the World Sikh Organization (WSO), Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF), Sikhs for Justice (SFJ) and Babbar Khalsa International (BKI), which used to be active inside Pakistan, have been arrested. All groups are allowed to live freely in Canada and Canada has not taken any action against the threat posed by the presence of these groups.
The Seiñraij has tried as much as it can to improve the quality of this Behdieñkhlam from year to year, but there have been many complaints from the visitors and even the locals, about the shortcomings here and there.
The award was presented by the Ministry of Agriculture on the occasion of the National Milk Day at the State Central Library, Shillong today.
Giving his full support to the MDA candidate, the Minister of Transport, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar appealed to the people to cast their vote for Dr. Jemino and the appointment of Dr. Jemino from Tura will contest against the NPP symbol and Agatha Sangma will contest against the MDA.
Therefore, if the government does not have any hand in this matter, it should take action and order the owner to search for those people whom he has given the state.
He said that its partnership with Mission Smile has also worked with the government to open up opportunities for low income children in the state.
Policy support, and compliance with laws and regulations – according to the circumstances of the North East.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government will file a defamation case against the National Spokesperson on the morning of the 7th of this month. and All India Trinamool Con gress (AITC) to Saket Gokhale.
Speaking to media, Tynsong said that at the Cabinet meeting held today, the decision was taken to upgrade the Mairang Civil Sub Division to a full district. On the 10th of this month, the new district will be known as Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
Suddenly she saw that three men who had covered their faces suddenly came straight into the house and robbed her and asked for money.
ARSS Infrastructure Project Limited and Neeraj Cement Structural Limited have been suspended.
Therefore, you who are suffering from this disease should not be afraid or discouraged because God Himself knows your life better than you know.
In the 1980s and 1990s, he joined the Khalistan Commando Force (KCF) and after 2012, he joined the Khalistan Tiger Force (KTF) leader Jagtar Singh Tara.
The decisions taken by the Seng Longkmie at this meeting include to start the protest by carrying flags and marching as a sign of protest against the Assam Rifle's land purchase plan.
Furthermore, the petition clearly states that this demand is no longer new, but an old demand based on the Constitution of the country.
Speaking to reporters after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Hamlet said that he is confident that once again, the people of Mylliem will elect him again.
However, regarding the arrival of the tourists, Kong K.Lyngkhoi, one of the leaders of the Seng Longkmie Shnong Mawphalur, while talking to this reporter, said that in these days most of the tourists Those who come to Mawphanlur are from outside the state but those from outside the state are very few.
Therefore, you must be able to buy a vote.
He said that many times it has been found that these offices, universities and hospitals run by the central government have brought about the influx of foreigners and the infiltration of foreigners into the state. on the employment of villagers in any offices, schools, hospitals run by the Central Government.
At the same time, a special meeting was held at the State Convention Center to honor the cleanliness workers, and to recognize their contribution to the cause of cleanliness.
“We will not allow such things to happen.
The KSU Wapung Unit distributed food items to hundreds of families on the 21st and 22nd of this month at Wapung Shnong and Wapung School.
The authorities of many temples in Vrindaban in Uttar Pradesh and Mathura have decided not to open their services from Tuesday.
In this regard, on Tuesday, the four organizations also met with the DMHO West Khasi Hills and the DC of West Khasi Hills to seek clarification on the visit of Kong Ampareen.
When we say that the national parties are strong, we don't mean that only one party is strong.
He said that the arrear, which is only for the long-standing employees, has reached about T.24 lakh, and the new EC wants to take action on this. It has been a long-standing problem and wants to clean up so that the rights and benefits of those who are still working, retired and ex MDCs can get their shares as they deserve.
After winning the Odisha Open and now the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup, Odisha has shown the world that it has become the best state in the FIFA U-17 Women's World Cup. year 2022.
Shillong, November 15: A meeting to discuss the MP election 2014 will be held at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Seminar Room, Mawkhar, Shillong on Tuesday, November 19, 2013, at 1 pm.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary Shnong of Biar, Ma P Sungoh, Finance Secretary, OCF, WJHD. Founding Chairman of OCF Ma L Dkhar.
Sohra is a village that has produced many famous intellectuals, writers, poets and poets including Soso Tham who have contributed greatly to Khasi literature since ancient times. .
More than 1000 dairy farmers have received free loans from the Meghalaya Milk Mission.
You have a triumphant army (IDF).
The MPF spokesperson said that they have already submitted a letter to the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on this matter.
India is actually one of the teams to compete in this tournament because of the host.
On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to all the winners of various competitions held for the celebration.
Now these areas are being submerged in water.
When the union spoke to the incharge of the bank regarding the inability to install another ATM machine, the incharge promised to take care of this issue and gave The ATM machines have almost arrived and are still on the way. The union has also inspected the site to install the machines and found that they have already provided everything.
"With the passing away of Dr Kalam, the country has lost the most beautiful citizen.
Congress President Rahul Gandhi has accused Prime Minister Narendra Modi of shooting himself at the inauguration of the railway bridge in Assam while failing to help 15 people who were trapped. 370 feet high in a crematorium in East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
“We ask the people to allow us to expose all the corruption not only in the police department but in other departments as well,” he said.
“According to Shekhawat, Meghalaya is also one of the states that can provide adequate water supply and he said that about Rs 700 crore will be spent to build about 2500 water tanks.
" The dark night did not give sleep to the soul that knew Rida.
Now if we turn back to the remaining 5 MLAs who did not flee with these 12, they too will probably steal their own.
Before the CCIB leaders left the meeting room, dozens of land owners left the meeting room and while talking to reporters, they said that they support the government's decision to dig from a distance of 150 yards. don't object.
That the goal can be achieved through the saving of what is available and used in the right place, and so on.
Rangdajied played well, although Niaw Wasa, which had a large crowd, failed to score.
In the U-17 men's category, H Elias High School, Shillong defeated Govt.
In that year, there was a strong clash between the Khasi and Garo, but the government of Bah DD Lapang, appointed an Expert Committee to advise the government on this issue.
Not only in education but also in sports, the school has produced many talented athletes. The school has a goal to train the students. according to the evolution of modern times.
On the other hand, the authorities in charge of the electricity distribution office would like to clarify to the public that the increasing shortage of electricity is due to the increasing number of electricity consumers. The old machinery and power plants are too small to carry, so the office has to replace them with new and larger ones.
The decision comes after the Manipur Cabinet had approved in July 2022, a decision that those who lived before 1961 will become villagers. The Inner Line Permit (ILP) shall be implemented in the state and subsequently.
Police were able to identify the place where he was abducted and rescued him from a forest in A'brong village.
Shillong: U Jemino Mawthoh, Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), today evening, confirmed that he is ready to contest the Lok Sabha elections 2019, which will be held on 11th June
To enact laws to free farmers from slavery, from debt and to protect their rights to fields, fields and agricultural products.
This has led to the displacement of those Khasi living in those border areas and the loss of their land to Assam according to the final give and take agreement signed by the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya.
Other speakers included Erwin K.Sutnga who demanded that the state government should take immediate action on this issue which the people in the border areas have been facing from time to time for 50 years. years now.
The AMKA promised at the meeting that it will go to Karbi Anglong to talk to the Karbai not to harass the Khasi living in the area.
Before the end of the first half, Lajong scored the second goal from the penalty spot shot by D.Tardin, which gave the team the lead.
"He said, 'Rida, where are you staying...?' he asked, 'Ha Jaiaw Shyiap Sir.
The award ceremony was also held on the same day as the Dorbar Shnong celebrated the 25th Anniversary of Bah Mawkordor Nongneng as Rangbah Shnong.
Why can't the same be done at the State level? Soon, the Roster System will also be required in all Districts.
Jowai, Nailur 06: The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
The greatest way is to humble oneself to pray to God, for He said plainly, “If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face; and I will hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.2 Chronicles 7:1
JOWAI: You have been shocked to see the distribution of funds during the elections, the implementation of schemes immediately after the announcement of the elections or the misuse of government vehicles during the elections by ministers, the use of power by the ministers. Minister or anyone else violates the code of conduct if you complain through these apps.
The efforts of the Indian Navy to dive back into the crematorium to recover the body will continue tomorrow.
After receiving some messages from my friends who asked for their opinion on the insults they have been subjected to by others or by their neighbors just because they work in Bethany, I've seen posts on social media written by a young woman on her facebook account who is sad on the same grounds. I'm going to remind you of a saying: If you do good to a dog for 3 days, he will remember you, but if you do good to a man for 10 years, he will forget you in a moment. in Bethany they gave their body and soul for the people they didn't care about any illness but they worked righteously they did their duty even in the night and in the time of trouble they gave freely They served me and you with humility.
The first division football tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) started on Tuesday with Tpepswer SSWO beating Lumshken 2-0 at Diengshynrum Artificial Turf.
In fact, the rally was scheduled to be held tomorrow but due to the curfew called by the Sengbhalang, it was postponed today.
Therefore, to say that he (John Roberts) wrote a song to appease and appease the Khasi people is unacceptable at all.
Nongstoin, 03 November: As the days go by, the activities of the Garo armed groups are increasing and the kidnapping of illegal immigrants continues in the border areas of West Khasi Hills especially. in the Shallang area and surrounding areas.
The Executive Committee led by Thombor Shiwat has allocated more than Rs 3 crore for the improvement of minor irrigation, fish farming and the preservation of customs and culture.
“I'm sorry, Bruton.
He praised the Congress government by saying that the people are fortunate that they don't have a Congress government in power in the state. In the government, all the works that should be done in the District Council have to go to the Secretariat and the government is not ruled by the Congress.
Solomon Rymbai was arrested on October 9, 2023 at Mukhla Shohshrieh.
Mohammed said he was abducted by the militants while returning from school on a bus on 29 January in Aleppo, the day of his final exams.
Dubleen Nengnong, who won the Player of the Match title, tied for 16 fours to score 87 runs from 73 balls, before losing their wicket in the last over. .
In Ri-Bhoi, there are four rivers including the Umlareng River, the Umpli River in Umdap and the Puthgi River in Umthngam.
On the other hand, the union and village leaders demanded that the government should take action and order the contractor to complete the work immediately so that it will be for the benefit of the people in the area. The time limit for the scheme should have been completed, but now it has been left without doing anything.
They were arrested on Tuesday night for setting up an illegal coal mine in the area.
Earlier, they had met with the chairman of the Public Account Committee (PAC) on their issue but nothing has been done till date.
The first bomb blast occurred at the office of an independent candidate in Pishin District, killing 12 people, while the second occurred in Qilla Saifullah. , located on the border with Afghanistan, near the office of the Jamiat Ulema Islam (JUI), a religious political party.
Marak urged the authorities in charge of the National Highway to take action to show and show the company how to do the work, so that it will not cause any inconvenience to the people.
“To overcome these problems, we lost sleep at that time when we visited and when we visited it was difficult because some said they wanted to be in Assam and some said they wanted to be in Assam. “We have already signed the MOU between Assam and Meghalaya,” he said.
Recently, the 22nd Law Commission of India announced that it will consult with the public and religious groups on the Uniform Civil Code. that within 30 days.
If you want to talk in Kolkata or any other state, we are ready for that,” he said. “Therefore, my request to the top leaders of the HNLC is clear that the ban is still open. We ask them to please come back to the table and we are ready to sit down and talk”.
As I wrote above, this is the root of all the confusion.
North Garo Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 0-9
Explaining that the word 'High level' appears in the market, the Symbud Myntri said that at the time when this word appears, as the Spokesperson of the MDA Government I, he used to explain why they Those who allege that there are high level officials do not bring witnesses and names and lodge a complaint.
They were arrested from a Night Super Bus in Mawiong at 5 pm.
If you want the leaders to advocate for the issues of the state, think carefully because there are many issues that are being shouted on the streets but the decision should be taken by the Central Government.
He said that drug addiction not only affects the health of the drug user, but also affects the family and society.
He said the BJP has hope in 40 constituencies and therefore it hopes to form a new government in 2023 because the people are no longer happy with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government. The National People's Party.
The question is whether it will be spent only on the outbreak of Covod 19? The government should have looked after us as government servants especially what we get every year during Christmas.
There are many schemes launched by the Central Sector Scheme, including the Central Sector Scheme where the Central Government contributes 100 per cent.
Two books entitled "Khasi Culture: The Power of Man and the Right of Women" were launched on this occasion. Bygrace Raplang and D. Syiem and “The Poetry of DS Khongdup” written by two teachers of the Khasi Department of the College.
Authorities said a senior official of the US Federal Bureau of Investigation had agreed to take millions of dollars from the brief case and delivered by members of Joaquin. Guzman Sinaloa drug cartel.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that it was the leaders of the JAC who requested to hand over the case to the NIA for investigation into the murder of Akoijan.
Finally she had to obey.
However, he said that although the Civil Hospital has been operating for a long time, there is no blood bank at all.
According to the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bernadus Rymbai, the founders of this village are from the Rymbai clan from Ri Pnar and the Makri clan from Khadar Lyngdoh of Nongpoh area. or inscriptions, it is not known in what year they founded the village and who first settled here.
The government of the country has implemented a strict rule to order the people to stay at home and has set a two-month deadline for them to stay at home, except for those in dire need.
Furthermore, Sameer is a journalist who has never lost his job, by standing firmly on the basis of serving the people of the state.
There was not much work in this Dorbar, as the Government has not prepared any Bills to introduce and the Members have not heard that they will introduce Private Member's Bills.
The State has lost One of its greatest thinkers and able Leader.
“From why.
MCFPL has been accused of sending the money collected from its supporters from various departments to the Corporate Office and investigating the money.
At the same time, he said that hard work with determination can bring the fruits of victory.
The shooting in Mawlai, Phudkhroh, the coal mining, the collapse of the Dome Assembly have turned into a nightmare in this government.
By the time the census is released, thousands of people have already entered the state, many of whom have already received Residential Certificates from different villages. Meghalaya is a very free state with newcomers coming in almost every day from all parts of the state.
At present, DoNER spends only about T.3,000 crore but this year through the PM-DevINE Scheme, it has been increased to T.6,000 crore,” he said. “What I mean is that the Government of India has understood that we can do well but there are still challenges here and there and I hope that we will move to another stage where the budget will be more and the NEC also needs more (money)," he said.
He said that according to the government's decision to resolve only Khanduli and Psiar Sector first, the Sengbhalang and the people of Labang Nongphyllut and Pangam Raliang Elaka do not agree with the government's decision. They want only one thing: to bring Block I and II into Meghalaya.
“Elect me as your MP and I will try my best to improve and bring the needs of the State to the Central Government whether it is various schemes or other needs without discrimination whether in religion or She also confirmed that an Ayush Hospital will soon be opened at Mookyndur village.
J&K managed to reach the target in 15 overs for the loss of two wickets.
After a 10-hour tournament, Agarwalla, Chheda, Divyakriti and Hajela managed to reach the goal.
Hence, the sugar industry has a role to play in achieving India’s targets under the COP 26 agreements for emission reductions.
Not only that, the AAP is now well prepared to come to the state ahead of the 2023 MLA elections.
I don't support this behavior of yours. These writers should understand not to say this.
" Linda replied.
During the Roman Empire Jerusalem and the temple were attacked and destroyed many times.
Jezebel is like Balaam and Balak, the people of the Old Testament.
He came up to give power to the first Beast (Adolf Hitler).
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, today said that he has received a complaint from 26 ministers of the Hima Mylliem against the Syiem. mismanagement of the affairs of the Kingdom.
Jowai, November 01: Anyone or anyone riding a horse with a Khla, wants to show how brave they are and to intimidate others to fall in front of them, but it is too late. It is difficult to catch the Khla and to turn it away.
However, this village is very far away from the houses.
The idea here is that when we establish development we must simultaneously follow and include the principles of sustainable and environmentally friendly development.
During my travels abroad, I have had the opportunity to mix with many other different nationalities.
So they arranged by counting 1,2,3 and counting.
The District Jail at Mawsyntai was initially allocated by the government at a cost of T.5.50 crore, but due to the need to improve and expand, the government has allocated more funds until The cost has reached Rs 6.24 crore and at the same time it has taken up to 12 years to complete the District Jail.
He said that the incident occurred at 12 noon.
Everyone has passed and some have just passed.
Excluding debt, the expenditure will be Rs 12,538 crore.
Teibokmi Lyngdoh of Mynthong scored the first goal in the 43rd minute.
On the other hand, Kalita congratulated the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and his Government for this tournament.
Tura had to bat for five overs before stumps but Aritra Paul (15 runs without a wicket) and Agatchu Chetai K Marak (nine runs without a wicket) managed to score. Both the teams will have to play again tomorrow for the second time which is also the last day of the semi final.
However, PV Sindhu and HS Prannoy have suffered an end to their journey in the tournament after being defeated in the first innings.
In his sleep, before he could sleep, Bah Shanbor began to ask his wife about her story about Bah Let.
The WJDSA urges all the clubs who have already paid their entry fees to come on time, so that the event will be a success.
If you have to write it all down, it's not over, but it's more pleasant to be able to show the most important ones.
On the other hand, the General Secretary, Bah Donboklang Khongsit, said that the PIL filed by the Assamese is for the benefit of the people, but the KHADC should look into it.
If this fund is released, the state will face economic crises like Sri Lanka in the coming years.
These types of fertilizers can be applied in the field before planting, because the nitrogen contained in them is released slowly, unlike the nitrogen in ammonium nitrate or sodium nitrate.
As for the name Jhalupara, is there any Khasi who is willing to walk freely and become a citizen of Jhalupara? Have the names and people not fall into the hands of those who live there, or is it a Khasi name or if it is a Khasi name, please explain what it means, but why have others left? Unfortunately, our leaders don't see far, they look only at the present, they don't look at the future. What will happen? They have wisdom but they don't have understanding. That's why the Myllung says, 'We will be the water carriers of someone else for this reason.
Government officials, who have been complained of, are Anurag Agarwal, Inspector General of Police, Devejyoti Mukherjee, Deputy Inspector General of Police, Keerthi Jalli, District Magistrate Cachar, Vaibhav Chandrakant Nimbalkar, Superintendent of Police, Cachar. Sunnydeo Choudhury, Divisional Forest Officer and Sahab Uddin, Office in Charge Dholai Police Station.
Speaking on the new financial year which will start on Thursday, the Minister said that they will spend a lot of money for many development projects related to the people.
Williamson A Sangma joined other leaders of the state like Bah Peter G Marbaniang, P Ripple Kyndiah and others who followed him until the formation of the APHLC. The PDIC was established by Bah GG Swell with the aim of developing the villagers and farmers across the Khasi Hills.
Therefore, insufficient income, as human beings we tend to take advantage of the kindness of others by eating first such as from the grocery store, or taking first the goods we need.
Govt Boys HSS beat St Clarett Phramer 3-1
“The reason why I don't use these public news is because the district authorities have published any necessary announcements on the official website of the district West Jaintia Hills.
The tournament will be held at Hengelo where many athletes from all over the world will take part as it is also part of the World Athletics Continental Tour Gold Level event. to begin on July 4, 2023.
Ajmal said the decline in education is the main reason for the backwardness of the Muslim community and the blame will go to the government.
On the other hand, the HNLC has welcomed the decision of the Government to appoint retired IAS Bah Peter S Dkhar as the ksiang to take forward the peace talks.
DG in charge of Civil Defense and Homeguard Kulbir Krishan said, “The public awareness campaign has started.
He said that the aim of the 1st War Jaintia Scholarship Examination 2024 is to improve and encourage the children of the area in the field of education as education is the sword and spear for the future of the nation. as well as the growth of the park.
“We will inform the Chief Minister about this incident, but as it is the responsibility of the District Council we will leave it to the discretion of the MDCs as they are responsible for taking any decision. They are not the leaders of the District Council”.
“What surprised the residents of War Jaintia Amlarem Sub-Division, is the reply from the MePDCL officer that they talk and increase only the electricity bill when the electricity is not available,” she said.
The Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns this and has lodged an FIR against the Officer Incharge of Muktapur PPP. They should investigate and arrest such people who intend to take the lives of the village leaders because if this happens it will endanger the village and the area as a whole. In fact, if there is any mistake, we should not take the law into our own hands. We should talk and resolve it first.
Golden Lions.
This came after the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) met with Ambrose and requested him to address the problems faced by the students who want to study at PGT college.
We would also like to congratulate the schools who have taken part in these three days and especially the students who have given their time and spirit to make this program a success.
These vehicles have been provided with a subsidy of 50 per cent through the Meghalaya Rural Bank.
Let us therefore be prepared to receive with joy the works of God.
In South West Khasi Hills, 27 cases, 6 cases in Jashiar and 17 cases in Nonghyllam.
Government of Meghalaya, please allow the Hynniewtrep people to lose or own their quarters after they have retired from the Government service as you have shown love and kindness to the Punjabis in Iew Mawlong.
It is to be recalled that the Maweit road has brought a lot of revenue to the government but no one has turned a blind eye even to repair or fill the areas that have been damaged and this has created problems. Many of the people of the area have to travel especially for ambulances, food vehicles and other necessities of the people.
She said that the reason why she could not sign the file which includes the work in Dom Wahlhuh, Laitryngew, Dong Shyiap, Laitryngew, Thangkharang and Mawmluh, is because the work was done without the knowledge of the authorities. Engineer.
The festival will be held at Kurkalong Square, Bhoirymbong, Ri-Bhoi District from 17th to 19th November.
Parents of children who send their children abroad to study abroad and even here, there are those who want to know what and how the SC will decide? of the SC who gave and made public their RAI on the matter.
Recently, several Garo youths, including an Air Hostess, were shot dead in Haryana.
They started shouting in front of the residence of the Pro Vice Chancellor (PVC), who was not at his residence at that time.
Speeches were also delivered by OC Jowai, Bah S. Mannar, OC Women PS, Ibashisha Kharpran, Traffic Incharge, D. Lamare and others.
Reports from the Gambia also said that the children who died were affected by parts of the body and the Gambian government feels it is its responsibility to monitor and also test the drugs that have been used. arrived in India from 1st November.
In fact, the law should not discriminate against anyone, but should treat everyone equally and punish all those who violate it.
Jesus asked for a piece of silver.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the celebration of Teachers' Day at Soso Tham Auditorium, the Minister acknowledged that teachers are facing many problems, including the discrimination in the payment of salaries among teachers. and until the delay in paying their wages.
Shillong, June 28 : Shillong is the city where Swami Vivekananda, India's greatest saint, visited in the early 20th century.
The gels contained in the leaves of Aloe Vera can help reduce redness and swelling of the skin and can heal skin infections.
Ym is not scary!!.
“Startup India is a platform to encourage, teach and teach young people how to take on the responsibility of starting new businesses and employing others.
“The NC's no confidence in the government will be discussed on Tuesday,” said Mondal.
Imphal, July 30 : : U N Biren Singh on Thursday said that he will not resign as the Chief Minister of Manipur after a mass protest against his residence by the Longkmie. he does not want to continue his rule in the State.
“What books can you read, can you read Jingkhein in Khasi, we don't have books.
Shillong: Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday inaugurated the PMGDiSHA (PMGDiSHA) training center at Rainbow Common Service Center, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. In the presence of Bah Equator Nongrang MDC of Mairang constituency, SDO, BDO of Mairang and Mawthadraishan Block, Srdars of various villages, all officers of various departments, participants of the training. scheme and also the residents of Mairang area.
These include Cleve Colony Cluster 4, Golflink Cluster 10, Health Worker 16, Laban Cluster 9, Lachumier Cluster 7, Laitumkhrah Cluster 3, Langkyrding Cluster 5, Lapalang Cluster 7, Mawlai Cluster 13, Mawngap Cluster Nongrah Cluster 5, Nongrim Hills Cluster 3, Nongthymmai Cluster 10, Police Bazar Cluster 2, Pomlakrai Cluster 2, Pongtung Cluster 2, Pynthor Cluster 6, Pynursla Cluster 2, Rynjah Cluster 3, Umniuh 1 Umpling Cluster 5, Shillong .
This shows that the Garo people are not afraid of the BJP, as the Khasi-Pnar people are, because the NPP does not accept any of the BJP's policies, if it affects the Garo people and the Garo people. Hills.
The feeling is that the “Long Shuwa Man Shuwa” are trying to pass a law to preserve the forests by calling them “Adong Forests.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) has announced that the Sharak Sharak SK Oil for the October quota will be released to the SK Oil Retailers on 29th October
“We have taken great care to create ways and means to see how to get rid of this electricity shortage in the state and this is for a short time and not just for a while.
Pailan Ramsiej, President of the Mawkyrwat Market Farmers Association, said that the suspension of cow slaughter which has lasted for two months is due to the decline in the market. in the market and also it can be said that the infection of cows in which many people have been reluctant to come to buy cow meat.
No deduction shall be made from the allocation made by the Government in connection with the distribution of any NFSA and Non-NFSA food items and all FPS dealers have been directed not to Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
To guide the readers and allow them to explain for themselves on this issue, I will try to explain the issue as written in the Building of the Legislative Assembly of the State as follows: U Speaker - “Prof Majaw will now file a complaint against the newspaper “Ka Pyrta Riewlum” according to the rules of the House.
After three days of investigation, Kerala police have arrested Bishop Franco Mulakkal, 54, on charges of raping a nun.
Speaking to media, Dr. Aman War said that the health department does not have such an idea and it is just a rumor by people to take advantage of the receive money while there are still many positive cases.
It cannot cause riots in the villages.
That we may have children who are wise and understanding.
Three persons arrested by the Jowai Police Station on suspicion of involvement in the murder of Pynkhreh Surong from Mynsngat village are now in jail.
Doctors at the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences, Mawdiangdiang, New Shillong, for the first time, conducted a special and closer blood transfusion known as Autologous right atrial appendage (RAA) derived neo pulmonary valve construction in a patient with pulmonary valve stenosis.
In the second half, Lamare SC managed to turn the tide, but after a few minutes, Umtyrnga FC scored again. Umtyrnga FC beat Lamare SC 2-1 at the end of the first half.
Then doesn't the time matter?” said Meiieid and syllud her khohsiew as if she had been tired.
Furthermore, the inspections to eradicate such crimes have been strengthened to arrest them.
Shillong, July 30: The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has appointed Acting DGP Rajiv Mehta to extend the term of office of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA). as the DGP, I have not been appointed until I have received a full-time appointment.
" It is she who gives birth, gives birth, nourishes, protects, cares for, gives shelter, comforts and saves every creature.
“The blood of these brave youths will not be in vain, because the HNLC is determined to ensure that our struggle has become part of history.
Shillong, March 30: The National People's Party (NPP) has strongly condemned the abduction of Chokpot BDO Jude Rangku T Sangma by robbers while he was returning from Deku to Tura. the day of Hathmajai is gone.
Without a doubt, this is one of the areas most affected by Corona.
“The closure of the weather throughout the day, is due to the sadness of Lyngdoh Makha, because there is not enough khan ka khein,” said the Sordar. day and showing the reason for the grief of the Lyngdoh Niam, who was believed to be in charge of the Raid Mawlam.
Once again, through 'EXTER' we are pleased to bring you an SUV that embraces Hyundai's commitment to improve its design, advanced technology and safety features. let's go.
The people who lead the present government have no compassion, no intention to improve the people of the state, but the Meghalaya Trinamool Congress has a goal and a promise. He said that if the people confirm their full support to the TMC, the TMC will fully implement the promises it has made to the people before the elections.
“I want to be the youngest to pass the matric examination,” said Isaac.
However, the fact is that no state has ever been able to become a state in India without a proper boundary.
(III) The Constitution of the People: The Khasi and Jaintia Hills are the land of forty kings and Khadar Doloi.
Dr. Ricky Syngkon received 5,70,988 votes, Vincent H. Pala came second with 1,99,058 votes. RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin received 44,554 votes, PF Lakhon Kma received 18,575 votes and Peter received 7,020 votes. The highest number of candidates who have registered with NOTA has reached 11,0
Speaking on the International Water Conclave, he said, “The purpose of this conclave is to bring together various government departments and members of NGOs to take action on this issue and not to focus only on the implementation of schemes or achieving the goals".
There are 65 recoveries from the disease.
In another development, the Ministry of Home Affairs said that talks are underway between the two countries to reduce the presence of troops in the border areas between India and China. , especially in Ladakh.
The two constituencies that the BJP has won are in Shillong.
The Cement Wages Board of India has increased the wages of employees by 33 percent with the approval across the board through an agreement with the CMA of India.
Other participants included Bah Bindo M Lanong who expressed his deep concern over the Bill.
However, 3.1 overs before the end of the match, Ri Bhoi couldn't move on until they lost the match. Neelam (2/17), Natasha Rabha (2/25) and Jennyfer Fan (2/28).
He said the Fact Finding Committee headed by the Secretary to the Fisheries Department will complete the investigation within the next two days.
Such days periods lasted up to 13 days on the ship, he said.
Shillong, November 11 : Twenty days have passed since the shooting death of seven people in Mukroh by the Assam police but the Ministry of Home Affairs has not yet issued a statement to investigate. The CBI has promised the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, the Prime Minister's Symbud Prestone Tynsong and the Home Minister Lahkmen Rymbui in a meeting with the Union Home Minister Amit Shah. city ​​of Delhi on 24th November 2022.
The District Magistrate has issued the order after completing the active surveillance and testing of the residents who have been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and according to the report, the spread of the disease has decreased in the village.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, Lyngkor Kynjing congratulated MH & Sons Enterprise and Showmewell Kyndait MD for bringing this car manufacturing plant to Jaintia Hills.
The court said that the Superintendent of Police has been informed that he has been in East Jaintia Hills since 2021, and therefore he should have been aware of the situation in the district.
Ma Rymbui said that he will publish a booklet to report on the work done from 2018-2
Don't ask for a high position or a great position, don't judge yourself lest you lose the glory of knowledge.
The owner of the house, Chales Myrchiang, was arrested.
After every eight episodes, there will be a discussion and clarification of listener questions.
The Deputy Chief Executive Member (Dy CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem, said that the Executive Committee will introduce amendments to the Elaka Administration Act, Syiem and through these laws, the village authorities shall be empowered to conduct a census of the population in order to identify the foreigners.
The driver fell to the side of the slow lane.
Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio said that the state government, which stands on the decision of the people of Nagaland, strongly opposes the bill and made it clear that the state government will not allow it to be banned. the rights of minorities in the State.
On this occasion, the DC's office collected the names of households and people.
Chokpot MLA Clifford R Marak of the Garo National Congress (GNC) passed away suddenly on 1st July, 2015 at the age of 68 at a hospital in Guwahati. on the 13th of June,
Police said the suspect was identified as Vicky Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, husband of D Marbaniang of Mawlai Nongkwar Block
“It is an illegal act committed only by the authority of the CEM without following those rules,” said Don Sumer.
Perhaps even the leaders of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) have lost their minds.
In the 2nd Division, Nongumlong beat Lawsohtun 0-7
He said that unidentified robbers hiding inside the forest area threw stones and criticized the BSF while they were unloading the seized goods, but fortunately no one was injured. The BSF vehicle was later handed over to the local police for further investigation.
The Nonglyngkien Kur Lyngdoh, one of the San Lyngdoh Kurs of Maharam Hima, South West Khasi Hills District on 7th November 2020 visited the Deputy Commissioner of Meghalaya, Kong Isawanda Laloo IAS. He has been appointed as the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, July 02: The management of the North Eastern Hill University, Shillong, has been shocked by the students' protest against the delay in the work of the university. to the students of this training center under the supervision of the Central Government.
Tomorrow the CEO will leave for Sohra to review the preparations for the counting of votes.
On the other hand, he expressed his regret that the youth in these days have taken a path that should not disrupt the society because any feelings and wishes of the people can be expressed. according to the Constitution.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Canopy Walk at Mawkasiang near Mawdiangdiang, Shillong.
This is called the Interconnect Usage Charge.
There has also been a collaboration with other organizations working in the development of young people; one of them is the YMCA which has started computer training and other educational institutions.
Without this knowledge, we cannot lead in the right path whether it is in the family, our children, the country and the nation as well as in the Church.
The Agriculture Production Commissioner, KN Kumar, said that according to the report of the Ministry of Food Processing Industries, the output from the food processing industry will reach T.3.45 lakh crore by 2020 and therefore it is necessary to encourage the children. Youth to take advantage of various schemes from the government to set up food processing factories.
Therefore, there is a confusion in the rule of law and in society, because man does not know what rule is and where it comes from.        The same thing is happening now around the world until there are conflicts against the government and as the rules are not enough and they have become weaker and weaker, there are problems because the person in power does not know. to fear God who has given us this authority to rule.
On the other hand, he said that the deterioration of the road has affected the poor as the fare of T.350 has been increased to T. The price of food and beverages has also increased from T.25 to T.
Shillong, June 18: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday demanded from the Executive Chairman of the MBOSE to introduce the Khasi language in the education system up to Class XII or Higher Secondary Level from next year.
In addition, two to three times a day, you have to be taken to the hospital for check up.
He said that the government is no longer able to provide government jobs to the educated youth and if there is production and if there is no theft of Khasi films, the filmmakers will be able to rise with the audience. They will also be able to earn a living through this activity, but at present the filmmakers as well as the participants take this activity only as a hobby.
In this regard, the union urges the public not to turn it into a place to drink alcohol especially young girls, as the union does not want this place to become a place to drink alcohol. and violence that can lead to violence and incidents that affect the people.
Besides, those who are on the streets do not come to the meeting even though they are the leaders of the party,” said Dr. Lyngdoh.
NEW DELHI: Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today announced that 72 lakh ration consumers in the state will receive free ration for two months.
It appears that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has purchased medicines without following the rules to avoid the waste of medicines.
The residents of Nongstoiñ village are still walking to Nongstoiñ town due to the lack of road.
“How can they claim that they are not safe, if someone should produce evidence, these machines are safe,” he said.
He said that to address the problems of the youth, it is through the introduction of new strategies to change the behavior to empower the people.
People rely on medicines because they cannot be bought at a lower price.
Looking at the condition of this road, it can be said that the elderly, the parents and the youth have a strong desire that the government will turn its attention to build roads. The government has decided to clean up the road and hope that the government is ready to turn around and provide a new road. It is a blessing to the people of this area to use this road for their travel. come.
On the improvement of the road, Thomas Jones said that he will soon discuss with the MLA of Jowai on how to improve the area.
On the occasion, the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmugananathan, MLA of the constituency, Dr. Donkupar Roy and Rev. Swami Brahma Devenendaji Maharaj also distributed jain kup to those who were in need. These include men and women from Jatap, Pyrkan, Umploh-Ichamati, Kalibari, Bholaganj, Kalatek and Shella villages.
Police sources confirmed the incident and said that a complaint has been lodged.
The winners in the Dat Moopoin for Boys were as follows: Seiñraij H/S School, Govt.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 23: Umsaw Khwan Village in Ri-Bhoi District has been blessed with the opening of the Dorbar Hall of the village today. use it.
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) Jowai Municipal Board in her keynote address said that this is the first attempt of the JMB to fight against garbage with a scientific method. Biodegradable waste to be placed in the Blue bin and Non-biodegradable Waste to be placed in the Blue bin and this was done to maintain cleanliness in the homes and surroundings of the country. in Jowai.
“Let's go inside the house and drink first,” said Bah Living.
ISRO's ability to do this shows that India is no longer lagging behind in terms of knowledge and intelligent people.
“The UDP candidate from Mawlai said that Bah Pathaw will spend three years in jail if he wins as an MLA you have to sign. " he said.
Who will win out of these four candidates is a very easy question to answer.
“The government has no intention of holding a dorbar to discuss the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya and this will also be up to the decision of the prime ministers whether they need to. “It's a good idea to hold a dorbar, but as of now, there is no such intention,” said Bah Tynsong.
This was announced by Kismilinda Snaitang in a phone call with Rupang.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the train to carry the residents of Bangalore will arrive at Guwahati Railway Station on 20th June
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has alleged that the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has spread the garbage from Jowai to the garbage dump at Mynkjai, near the Dawki-Amlarem road.
“For my part, I will work hard to ensure that the Meghalaya Regulation and Gaming Act 2021 should be repealed, as it will have a serious impact on the state,” he said.
He said that the government's permission to purchase coal from Assam is only for those coal mining companies which have already informed the government and these coal mining factories have to purchase coal from the state. Assam, because they cannot work without coal.
Regarding the incident, this reporter has learned that the family of the deceased woman, had planned to dig a hole at the church cemetery, but At that time, another group came out to protest and not to allow the others to dig a hole for the burial of the Longkmie.
In a tweet this morning, Swamy said the death was caused by poisoning and the autopsy has been postponed so that the poison in his body will disappear. through the flow of water into his body, he died.
He also requested the village authorities, police and these people who have come to stay temporarily in these villages to have a cooperation while they are staying in these villages, because as a party “I don't want to avoid any problems that affect the peace and order of the people of these villages in Meghalaya due to the arrival of these people from Manipur,” he added.
Sangma said such colleges would also reduce the number of students entering classes.
She also said that the government will also collaborate with many other educational institutions which can take on the same responsibility to develop the youth in the society as a whole.
The border crossing of Assam continues in Block-2, Khanapara, Jirang and other areas, but it is sad to see that even though Assam has been crossing the border, “It's like Meghalaya is just a spectator,” said Bah Marcus Marten.
Referring to diesel, the Minister said that the total tax is 5 percent or 4 tyngka per liter and with the new increase the tax will rise to 5.50 tyngka per liter or higher.
Not only that, the government has also included the subject of Health Education or Computer in the MBOSE examination.
Defending champions Shillong Lajong will face Rangdajied at the MDSA Ground in Mawkyrwat while Mawlai will host the first leg at the SSA Stadium First Ground in Polo, Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, July 19: After the announcement of the date of the General Meghalaya Assembly Election 2023 in Meghalaya and the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct, the District Election Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, has announced the date of the General Assembly Election The Standing Committee on the Model Code of Conduct was formed in the presence of members of various political parties.
Some of us have divorced our husbands and some of us have lost our husbands.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal, today announced that from the 1st of July, the distribution of LPG at public distribution points will be suspended as usual. to the house of the user.
After the High Court of Meghalaya has closed down the curtains of the drama “tip-briew tip-blei” which lasted for more than 19 years and starred two murderers, Bernard Lyngdoh Phawa and Bonie Lyngdoh Phawa of Pynthor Umkhrah, were also awarded with life imprisonment. The relatives and friends of Biplab Das, 21, who is studying at The Mass Communication Department of St. Anthony's College, has praised the decision and considered it as a great victory of justice.
E Warjri, General Secretary of the Seng, in a statement, said that the youth is a resident of Sohiong Constituency. say also, that he is full of knowledge.
In an interview with Bah Khan, he was asked whether he has any hope of winning the election and whether it is easy to defeat Bah Remington Pyngrope MLA/MDC Mawkynrew. “It is up to the people to decide, but as it is now I understand that the people want to replace him with another MDC,” said Bah Khan.
Therefore, it is not that nothing has not been done but the Government has done its duty, whether it is in the Infiltration Check Gate, in various departments to find out. these people and to how to return them to where they came from.
The football knock out tournament was inaugurated by Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports and MLA of the constituency as the Chief Guest in the presence of Dr Amanda. Package as the Chief Executive Officer.
“The Minister said that after the order of the High Court, it is the duty of the government to ensure that the fighting is stopped.
Fourthly, the Government should ensure that all health facilities are careful not to become the spreaders of this disease.
“Although in Khasi Hills the party has not done well, but in Jaintia Hills it has done well because we have counted between 4 to 6 seats.
Prestone said that the party led by Ardent when they campaign for the elections does not have a mad or agenda and the mad that they come to the people is that we are the only ones who are right and it is pleasant and exciting.
The Garo came to Sha through the Shella River.
According to the parents, the success of their children this year is due to the dedication of the teachers and the selflessness of the children who wanted to achieve. In this age of technology, every family wants to have educated children.
Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has learned how to wash clothes, cook for himself and other tasks.
He said that recently it has been seen that the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam have visited these areas where there is a border dispute where there has been a lot of violence. Basan said that these governments have been asking the people, “Is this Assam, is this Meghalaya?” Basan said that this question is not appropriate to ask but According to the rules, the documents should be thoroughly examined and the proposal to implement the Give and Take Policy is not appropriate because all the areas in the border dispute should belong to Meghalaya. Nothing should be returned to Assam because it is our right and that of the Khasi Hima and they are inherited lands.
We know that the Central Government has information about this High-Level but for secret reasons, it does not do anything and just watches.
We are fighting against the BJP but every day the BJP comes to tied our door with the Enforcement Department and CBI,” said the AITC Leader. Your state is not your state.
The 2010 Act amends the 1971 Act to make the heirs tribal.
The DFO Khasi Hills (Territorial) Division has made efforts to curb the smuggling of drugs and the office has 8 teams to smuggle drugs. 130MT of rnga has been seized from West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi since the seizure in July and November
In 2019-20, Kerala scored 862 points, an increase of 29 points while Meghalaya scored 629 points and an increase of 29 points.
Lapang said the postponement was because the AICC had not yet set a deadline for receiving the names of the candidates.
In a statement, the party has threatened any politicians, government ministers or public leaders who try to support Dr. Mukul Sangma and Zenith Sangma whom the party has alleged are not The Garo people, the GNLA has vowed to face the consequences that the GNLA will take strongly against them, the statement said.
The meeting was attended by members of the National Committee and Presidents of Units from all over the states.
According to the police and employees of the Forest Department in charge of the area, they may know about this but they are blind. If the authorities cannot arrest those who violate the rules and regulations of the state government, it will be a threat to the people and the beautiful hills of Jirang area. synlen lut from the earth and stone.
The first Readingdon Award was also presented to Bah Davin Kharsyntiew, 82 years old newspaper vendor and longest serving newspaper vendor in the state.
The discussion was sweet, interesting and exciting, but the most important thing was that Bah Herman and Bah Nishan Wahlang promised to swear every New Year's Eve in order to become type of person.
Thus the little kingdom of Judah was preserved.
Supporting the demand, Bah HM Shangpliang, MLA Mawsynram, said, “We feel it is necessary to deploy a Medical Team at the border areas.
Shillong, Naitung 23: After the problems of the students of Kiang Nangbah College in the past few days have become public; The UDP under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President, visited the school.
The union has also decided to provide T.4000 to the participating teams.
It is for these reasons that many villages do not have access to drinking water.
The DC of West Garo Hills, Pravin Bakshi, has hoped that the situation will change with the participation of the churches.
The Cabinet also decided to set up a BOP in Athiabari.
And I heard a voice from heaven saying, “Write this down! Blessed are the dead who die in the Lord !" The Spirit added, "Yes, they shall find rest from their labors, for their good deeds follow them !" Revelation 14:1
Nomiwel Memorial Secondary School was established in 1994 with the aim of providing education to the children of Nongpoh area and especially for those who come from poor families. It has been serving for many years and still needs a lot of assistance to improve and especially to improve the education of the children.
Ardent said that if the people of the state continue to vote for the money, it means that the country will fall, and he said that if the people vote for the VPP at this time, the The VPP will release T.816 crore which the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government has estimated to have spent to fight the Covid-19 pandemic in the state.
At the same time, he said that there has been a discussion and suggestion from many that the running of these buses should be extended in the evening as they do not operate even after 7 pm.
Let us learn to love one another and put an end to hatred.
Groups and clubs interested in participating must take note and follow these rules:- The closing date for confirmation of participation is 25/03/2
Three of the most common causes of poor digestion are:1
However, at the same time we must understand that our right should not be to interfere with the rights of others. One person has misused his rights by criticizing the DC of East Khasi Hills District using words that we would not dare to write.
It is to be recalled that the death of (L) Nimai Phawa cannot be said whether she was murdered or raped, as even the police in the initial investigation said that Nimai was raped. my life by throwing myself into the pit.
The arrested person was identified as Shaphrang Mastor, 42 years old.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that as the Minister of Urban Affairs in the past years, he has given great honor to the Hima Mylliem. He said that the evacuation of the people from Them Iewmawlong through a Consultative Committee headed by himself.
On Tuesday, a team of police from Khliehriat arrived in Shillong and with the assistance of the ANTF, East Khasi Hills and Rynjah Police Station, arrested two couples involved in the incident. They were taken to Khliehriat Police Station for further investigation.
The CEO of the Meghalaya Football Association, Bah Arki Nongrum, congratulated the team for bringing the title to the state.
According to the Word of God we see that the time is not far off for these things to happen.
Mishek, who now has 151 children, said he had no intention of ending his marriage, as he is now preparing to give birth to his 17th wife. tell him that he wants to have 100 wives and have 1,000 children.
Mahatma Gandhi said plainly, "Whoever says that religion has nothing to do with politics does not understand what religion is.
In the United States, 960 people have died in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 1,03,758, according to Johns Hopkins University.
According to a statement from Shembor Langrin Secretary of the union, the union demands that the relevant department should allocate new funds for the provision of drinking water to the residents of Mawmarin. to install more Muster Rolls in Maweit area, to provide more water tanks in the villages and surroundings of Mawmarin and to survey the check dam from other suitable water sources.
Jowai, June 30: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU), one of the oldest NGOs in Jaintia Hills, has celebrated its 50th anniversary of service to the country and the nation since its inception. in the year 1972.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar on 31st June, said that the state government will soon hold a public hearing to prepare for the landfill. new for Shillong.
Application forms can be obtained from the SCA office. The closing date for registration is on or before the 23rd of this month.
I don't know, I may be wrong, but that is my vision, which I see and believe is the truth.
He said that at the meeting, the people of these nine villages together with the sordars, unanimously decided that they will not allow any mining in the area.
If life on earth does not know how to honor God and His Word, trouble comes, rulerships do not last, many rulers say the Word of God.
All three groups that played today have advanced to the final round, although none of today's games have touched the table.
He also played 85 times and scored 4500 runs (4376) including hundreds of runs.
The Ambassa Municipal Council of Tripura has organized a cycle yatra on the occasion of World Car Free Day.
Children who receive respect from their parents have a larger hippocampus and stronger memory, retention and listening skills.
The Minister said that the State Government is now reaching out to all stakeholders from the MLAs to explain to them how the Government is following the implementation process.
There are up to 10 pieces of lyngkhot in different colors and can be changed to the colors you want just by pressing the lyngkhot (wooden) on the eye.
Dr. VD Sangahiwot Rymbai MPS, MCSWA Outreach Worker, P Sumer and H Syngkon gave a speech on the dangers of drugs. your experience and how you escaped the grip of drugs.
Mawkyrwat, July 14: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills has announced that the rainfall will continue till July 18, 2023 and possibly longer. The Chairman of the District Disaster Management Authority, Mawkyrwat, on Tuesday warned the residents of the villages who live along the rivers and streams in Mawkyrwat. Districts like Rilang, Umngi, and others to be vigilant.
“We have also written to the Geological Survey of India (GSI) and they have conducted a thorough survey of the area above the dam and they have stated in their report that if it is built only for the earthquake at the time of construction, “It has affected the existing dam,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The HNLC's goal is not separation or integration, but we stand firm to get recognition as a nation regardless of whether it is inside or outside the country. in India.
Regarding the promotion of employees in various government departments, Bah Rani said that although the Departmental Promotion Committee has been appointed by the government, many of the departments do not know about the However, only those who have a relationship with the authorities are promoted.
The Secretary of the MSA, Bah Ian Lyngdoh, said that the participation of the children is a source of hope for the synjuk. The children are encouraged to come forward to showcase their talents and to showcase their talents at the regional or even national level.
On the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution, he said it is a legitimate demand, but it requires a lot of preparation and provision of proper documents.
If anyone who is self-isolating at home has fever, cough or shortness of breath, please inform immediately by phone at 94853-95373, 82579-46145, 764170-0 lane 89740-37257.
The government has allocated T.32 lakh for the project and the construction work has already been handed over, she said.
Jowai: Mukhla Raij has become the winner of the 4th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy of the 4th Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Luti Tuber Ialong scored 2-1 goals in the first leg of the tournament.
Because of the elections, it has brought about religious differences, differences of parties, differences of clan, differences of households, and it has divided the community, and this has affected and delayed. Development works in the villages and those who are entitled to receive schemes have also been involved in political corruption.
“The most important thing is to go and improve the quality, in the society and through the financial power,” he said.
One brings wheat, another brings shriew and so on, in this way they exchange.
He said the meeting also decided that MeCEL should set up a Grievances and Complaint Cell to enable the public to lodge complaints if there is any shortcoming.
In the video, it was seen as SRK came down from the stadium, followed by his bodyguards and immediately, those who loved him turned around and some hugged him, some greeted him. However, as soon as she reached a young woman, she asked, “Can I kill you?” But before she could answer, she grabbed Shah Rukh's neck and kissed him. Khan.
Police have arrested the suspect under the Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act,
The Act will amend the existing Epidemic Diseases Act,
“This officer is a brave man in dealing with the Assam government officers on the border dispute and has often stopped them from building police stations in the disputed areas where the Pnars live.
The KSU has demanded that the government should stop the construction of the road because the government has not yet paid compensation to the land owners affected by the construction of the road and fencing.
The states that will participate in the tournament include Assam, Manipur, Mizoram, Nagaland, Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya.
If these symptoms last for more than three days or if you have difficulty seeing, the disease is severe and you cannot tolerate the light and you have severe eye pain, you should see a doctor immediately.
The heavy rainfall in South West Khasi Hills is a shocking sight and it is shocking to see that the roads around the area have started to collapse even during the rainy season and especially during the rainy season. One of the roads in Marshillong village has been flooded due to the heavy rainfall and the lack of water tanks. The residents, drivers and commuters of these roads which lead from Mawkyrwat Market to Marshilong and Nongbah-Marshilong and which also lead to Jashiar from On the other hand, they expressed their deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road which has been filled with snow during the rain which has been falling for months.
Mumu, on the other hand, declined to speak to reporters, saying, “I will speak when I come back to the state”.
Of course, in the elderly there are also but I would like to speak well in relation to our young people, perhaps many of you have seen and experienced such diseases in your life, and if anyone in your family has died from this disease, or if you who are reading this have experienced or been involved in such a disease, if it has not happened to you I believe that there are always relatives or friends and loved ones who are in such a situation.
“One of the problems faced by the police department is the shortage of police officers and it needs 3500 to 4000 policemen.
The MPCC believes that such persons whose involvement in violence has been proved by the law enforcement agencies should be punished according to the law.
Lamphrang Pohktai, Divisional Soil & Water Conservation Officer, Jowai Plantation Crops Division, in his speech, expressed his gratitude to the Rotary Club Jowai for taking this initiative to encourage others to grow. progress through this reward.
The statement said that the 17th July 1948 was a dark day in the history of Hynniewtrep when the IOA & AA was implemented and enacted by the Governor General of India in Delhi. Chakravarti Rajagopalchari, although there was no opposition from the kings and courtiers at that time.
Customize:The Khasi Seng is now held at Ïiengmane or any other place designated by the Leaders of the Khasi Seng Khihlang.
“I went down to find out the truth about the pictures on WhatsApp and found that these toilets that the children have taken pictures of are places that are no longer suitable for use,” he said. .
Hundreds of women from North Shillong took part in the event to express their wishes to see the changes and works of the government.
Shillong, March 20 : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday inaugurated the foundation stone of St. Mark Church, CNI, Mawsiatkhnam. 1958, and also the church school adjacent to the church constructed by the PWD Department, Umsning Division.
According to the mother of the girl, Jemina Rymbai, her daughter is studying nursing at the International Hospital Guwahati and is doing an internship at the hospital.
He added that the Assam government has decided to cooperate with any measures taken by the Meghalaya government to convey to the central government on the appointment of a commission of inquiry or other demands.
HSPDP Mawsynram Circle President Maxwell Lyngkhoi and General Secretary Peter Kharnaior said that the party has decided to nominate the HSPDP Mawsynram Circle President after careful consideration. March.
“The State has once again rejected the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), but the CM has introduced the CAA to welcome 17 million Bangladeshis. Hindus to come to live in this State and to allow them to become citizens of India, but remember that Meghalaya does not yet have those strong laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into this State. dong is your area.
Those same leaders who have forced the government agencies to develop the traditional clothes industry which is part of the Bhoi area to move back to Garo Hills.
It is sad that the violence against women in our society seems to be over.
Seventeen female journalists, who have worked in the past and are still working with The Asian Age, have come forward and they want the court to take their explanations for the incident. MJ Akbar, former editor of the newspaper.
He said that the operation of these buses has been a real help to the people in these years and the increase in their arrival will provide better service.
His family members said this was the first time he had borrowed money but he had never borrowed money in his life.
“He has never attended any party meetings and has never come to the party office except on the polling day to elect the new President of the AICC,” he said. Dr RC Laloo has not yet sent any letter of resignation from the party, said Bah Pala.
The main purpose of this Wayside Amenities scheme is also to provide convenience to the passengers who have to pass through this area, as well as to beautify the area along the roads to ppi to any tourist attractions. and also to bring income to the villages.
The Special Judge POCSO Nongstoiñ on 5th July 2024 sentenced Pynshailin Sangriang to imprisonment for up to 7 years and a fine of up to 20,000 tyngka.
On the statement by Lop Stevenson that the Waheh Shnong alone runs the village affairs, he said that this is wrong and he is only talking to insult others because there are records in the register of the village showing that all the affairs. The village is governed by the Executive Committee.
Police have also arrested three suspects, Lesbath D Sangma, Pinal D Sangma and Raseng. B Marak, who confessed to killing him.
The development of renewable energy, the expansion of access to electricity and the provision of electricity to all households in the country, as well as the implementation of new policies.
However, in response, Electricity Minister James K Sangma said the allegation of corruption is groundless.
Mawkyrwat, November 14: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya today inaugurated the Jakrem-Ranikor Road. from Rangmaw to Mawksiar, which is about 10 km away, at a cost of T.7 crore under the Central Roads Fund (CRF) scheme for
Bran left and went around the place where they were together and said, “There is someone who has entered the ground floor of the house. he gave one to Pyrsa and one in his hand.
To date, 10 million people have downloaded the game from the Play Store.
The meeting was held at the Multipurpose Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, Mawkyrwat. The chief guest was the chief guest in the presence of C.Kharkongngor, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District and others who were invited by teachers and students.
Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary of KSU Sengkmie, while speaking at the swearing-in ceremony, said, “To carry and leave our Jaitbynriew is our duty. but it is your part to contribute to your nation to the best of your ability.
Before this goal, Andyson Lapang of Nongthymmai had a golden opportunity to score in the 11th minute but Banshanskhem Kharsyntiew saved the ball in the net. Colors.
Even if they are in the government, only two ministers will be ridiculed by the people and if they run away, they will be ridiculed in front of the people.
It is the hard work of this great man who has been honored and remembered and proclaimed as the Father of Khasi Literature, the Founder of Primary Education. and the pioneer of Khasi Literature).
This month, two complaints have been lodged with the Mumbai police, alleging that Ranveer's behavior has offended and upset women, especially when he was shown Post your picture on social media.
There have been 153 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
There is no such thing as Bangladesh.
Previously, the Behdeiñkhlam could not be held due to the COVID-19 lockdown.
Shillong: The lack of network and internet in Namdong village, West Jaintia Hills, has discouraged the students, especially now that there is online class.
Babulal Kharadi, an MLA who has won four terms in a row, was recently sworn in as a Minister of State.
In the second half, Marbisu played better and fought hard to win the title and had several chances but these were not the only ones. Marbisu FC had a golden opportunity to score in the 72nd minute after the referee decided to award a penalty after Nongstoiñ FC had scored a penalty. Marbisu's player was thrown into the D Box while he was trying to score.
Shillong Lajong had many chances to score but couldn't as many chances were missed by Redeem Tlang, Shanbor and Hardy.
“We also request the relevant authorities to provide protection in the most dangerous areas,” said a statement from the EMRI 108 staff.
The Byrnihat Police Outpost has arrested the vehicle carrying the explosives on a tip from the Nongpoh Police Station. There was a driver of a vehicle who did not stop when the police tried to stop him in Nongpoh, but he turned away quickly, as soon as he saw that the police tried to stop him. stop it.
But the Hornets didn't die.
This decision was taken at a meeting held today at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall after the authorities refused to listen to the demand for the announcement of the new results. Director of NIOS Guwahati to announce the new result on 31st March.
On this occasion, the Khymdeit Nongtluh Mathan Kur has been able to plant 400 tree seedlings in the Kur Forest. Ri Bhoi who were willing to donate these seedlings to the Kur were able to plant them separately inside the sacred forest of the Khymdeit Kur.
The KSU urges all the 60 leaders to discuss how to implement the demand of the people for ILP and how to force the central government to grant ILP to Meghalaya immediately and not to delay it. and they shall not be judged.
Dr. Mukul Sangma said the government should find SOPs to start working in areas where there is no corona virus in the state so that the people can have the opportunity to start their work.
In a memorandum to the Minister, the KSU-EJHD Unit through its president Streamly N Suchen said that it has been almost seven months since the NHAI officials confirmed to start the repairs. The NH-6 road has been damaged, but until now there has been no sign.
I'm sorry and I'm sorry to say many words at such a time, but the answer is for us to speak at such a moment because if we speak at other times we shall be ridiculed and insulted, "as long as we write only this 'riew rynjaw' and 'riew tyrphud'
Shillong: There have been 448 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
He said Modi believes that religious belief is a personal matter and cannot be forced or restricted.
To find out the source and expose those involved, KHNAM has already requested RTI from the MRB Nongstoin Branch, MRB Nongpoh Branch, MRB Iewduh Branch and also from the PIO Accounts of KHADC in the past few months.
Snaitang said he took the report received from Woodland Hospital to Dr. Boss who said that according to the report, it is indeed a bacterial disease.
The Assembly Secretariat is still waiting for the government to hand over the land for the construction of the dorbar hall which has been vacant for a long time.
It is expected that the Court will be able to issue its verdict tomorrow and that is, in accordance with the request of the State Government, to release the coal, which remains outside the mines. coal.
On the other hand, Bah Renik, expressed his concern over the unemployment of the youth and urged the government to create ways and means to address the problems and improve the employment system. in a transparent and clean manner so as not to disappoint the job seekers.
Shillong, November 15: Many times we see that when the disease is severe, the people don't go to the government health centers where they don't have to spend money. Private Hospitals and perhaps now the people will no longer have to worry about going to private hospitals and when they get various diseases they should go directly to the PHCs, or government health centers nearby. They have the opportunity to receive treatment even if the hospital they go to cannot treat them according to their needs but there is another option if the government hospitals send them to any suitable health centre. the need the nature of their illness.
The civil society groups alleged that Ampareen has been misled regarding the site but she is still trying to carry out her plan.
The organization plans to recruit up to 1500 members for training in Nagaland.
Sikkim, who won the toss and elected to bat first, failed to tied and scored 146/9 in 50 overs.
Police said that the three men claimed to have had a fight with the rich man's son, and they received accurate information about the property of his family. They have decided to hand over to the HNLC,” said the police chief.
When we see these things, we understand that it is near, because God has already prepared the way to save Israel once again starting in 1948 AD, this shows that Israel will soon be saved. as a nation you will know and recognize your own Messiah, Jesus Christ.
Both the teams had equal chances, but Ladthadlaboh were lucky enough to score the first goal through Simeon Suchiang who scored the first goal of the match. He didn't manage to stop the ball as it escaped his hand and Simeon scored the goal.
They just watched and laughed and thought that from Delhi the mass protest here in Shillong.
The tournament was held on Saturday and was attended by about 27 policemen from districts of the state.
KHNAM has almost lost its name in the last elections after being dismissed by its president Bah Pual Lyngdoh to join the UDP but has been revived by some leaders.
It is learned that the incident happened on Tuesday and it is not known why the vehicle fell into the night as the driver of the vehicle was alone.
The Central Government has banned about 14 Messenger mobile applications used by militants in Pakistan as means of communication and information in Jammu & Kashmir.
Thrangchynnam FC beat Nangbah Mulang SC 6-5 in the first round of the second round on Saturday by a tie-breaker. 0.
The Government has taken over all the projects related to the markets which have received assistance from the Government of India.
The NPP has alleged that Surjewala, who is a foreigner, wants to defame the state without looking for the facts on the situation in the state.
He said that he would like to thank the PHE department for its efforts to implement this project. He added that the funds have been distributed to the public.
Shillong, November 9: The Dorbar Shnong Nongmensong has announced that it will hold a cleanliness drive on the 12th of this month from morning.
The protesters arrived in tractors, buses, four wheelers and two wheelers to take part in the mass protest.
Sikkim and Tripura are good examples for us.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne, today expressed his satisfaction with the approval of the Governor of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Regulation and Administration of Land Bill
Shillong, July 26 : About 38 roads have been severely damaged by landslides and floods in the state in the past few days.
He also promised to immediately deliver computers for the needs of the school.
U PK Lyngdoh has resigned from the post of President for personal reasons effective 3 July 2022 and the Area has received his resignation letter on 17 July “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the party's General Secretary.
Isn't the light pleng necessary in the daily life of a person, when you can sit without light for 13,14 hours? relax the brain".
Until now, these two nominations for the post of MDC have been pending in the file of the Governor of Meghalaya because he is having difficulty in choosing whom to choose, whether to choose the nomination sent by the KHADC or to accept the nomination. not sent by the State Government.
Jeffreywell Podweiñ, 21, and Rocky Dkhar, 30, residents of Iarbamon village, were arrested on Wednesday morning.
The incident occurred at 12 o'clock in the morning.
After that, the workers' houses were burned down.
Prestone said that the implementation of works in the state will be only 33 percent and the compliance with the guidelines of the state health department.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Mawkyrnot village in Pynursla has been awarded the India Biodiversity Awards 2016 in the category of Sustainable Use of Bio-Resources.
I as a citizen participate freely as a voter.
Mumbai: There have been 1,495 new cases of Covid-19 in Maharashtra today and 54 deaths, of which 40 are from Mumbai.
The residents used to use trees as a bridge to walk on but now they have been able to build a 200 meter dewbilat bridge through the MLA scheme of Bah Embhalang Syiemlieh of T 3,7 , 000 lacs.
The KSU said that the patients have been sleeping in the dark because besides the power outage, the solar lights of the hospital are not working.
“The government's failure to include the District Councils in the boundary committee is a serious mistake by the government because it is the Council that has the boundaries and islands to strengthen the ownership of land,” said Bah Paul.
High blood pressure and diabetes are closely related to the effects of smoking.
We don't understand that the ruling party will reject this bill but the important thing is that this VPP MLA has introduced this necessary bill.
In the Under-16 category, Nicky Mawsor of Anderson Higher Secondary School and Tresha Nongbri of Sib Singh Memorial Govt Higher Secondary School won the second prize.
At the same time, the KSU has demanded that the NRC in Assam should be implemented in Meghalaya and 1971 should be taken as the year of census. This year, the influx of people from Bangladesh as well as Nepalese authorities and even those from northern India has increased.
Furthermore, this year we will see him in a new film in which he plays the role of Dracula.
Whether it is the people or the members of the civil society, even a small number of them are sent by the police every day until they are arrested or imprisoned.
The injured were identified as Brui Khongrymmai, Kiewdorlang Riahtam, Dawanlam Khongsit, Tarwell Khongsit, Rantu Khongsit and Dumpohnong Khongsit.
" said Raymond Kharjana.
The college, which was opened in 2009, has also scored 90 percent in BA 1st year and 95 percent in BA 2ndyr.
At this time we are lynga, we are sad, we are sad and we are sad.
The Special Award was also presented by Josephine Lyngdoh, Special Educator, Mary Rice Centre, Laitumkhrah, Shillong. Rani of Seng Khasi HS School, Shillong and Deigracia A Shylla of Holy Child HS School, Shillong received the Scoutmaster & Guide Award.
On the other hand, Bah Auguster said that on the other hand, he saw that there is a shortage of Khasi students in the field of technical education.
The President said that the introduction of the Railway cannot benefit the people of the State but it is only an opportunity for foreigners to invade the country.
In connection with this incident, the residents of the area and the Rangbah Shnong Union of Mawshynrut, strongly condemned the violence of these robbers and demanded that the to immediately release the man without any injury.
Therefore, according to this order, it is prohibited to manufacture or sell these items within the District.
Shillong, Jymmang, 15: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that she has sent an inquiry into the allegation that there is urea in the ration.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Mawhati Constituency Political Committee (MCPC), together with members and leaders of HANM, on Saturday, launched the distribution of rice, which was donated by Bah Julias K. Dorphang, former MLA Mawhati, for the distribution to the people of 22 villages, from Nongjri to Laitsyiar.
“Only those who can go through many difficulties can reach the goal,” said Paul.
Shillong, July 14: The drinkers of Shillong, cannot believe that the water they drink is acidic and therefore, the water is dangerous to the health.
The celebration was enriched by the participation of school children.
If we support our indigenous doctors, it will attract people to the State not only to visit the world but also to send treatment for various diseases.
The Mastor along with the items seized from him were handed over to the police for further investigation.
Nidamon decided to resign from the Waheh Shnong at a public meeting.
The UDP has decided not to wait until it receives the report of the House Committee set up by the House to investigate the corruption.
At the same time, if you say you want a clean working method but you want the government to violate the Act, how can we do this at the same time,” he said.
The total coal after inspection is 14,10,710.41 metric tonnes out of 14,10,710.41 metric tonnes.
The reason is that these shops attract the public to visit these shops and in the same place and they do not follow the social distancing, hand washing and hygiene. You can also wear a mask.
Police said that during their visit to the bank, the CCTV cameras of the bank were able to record the faces of the robbers and from this CCTV video, it was easier for the police to search and arrest them. the three of them.
He also told about the diseases that the elderly face and how to treat them.
Many of our fellow countrymen have been enslaved by the magic of the mentor because as he says, no matter what happens, it is right and good.
The victim, identified as Pinky, works at a beauty parlor in Rohini. At the time of the incident, she was on her way to her workplace by train when she was suddenly arrested. Jitendra, who had not followed her from behind, struck her with all kinds of sharp weapons.
P.O.Thadlaskein8794087706As part of the prevention of COVID-19 and also as a way to know how to take care of ourselves at this time.
Shillong, Lber 27: Four different rebel groups in Garo Hills have demanded the release of a member of the ANLCA who has been arrested. Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District.
He said that no matter how the people or anyone can speak to the government but the government has to ensure that peace and stability should be maintained.
East Khasi Hills has recorded 60 new cases today while West Khasi Hills has recorded 71 new cases.
v) To say that the Khasi era is the era of knowledge of man and knowledge of God is also wrong.
“If any youths in Delhi and neighboring states are having difficulty in getting tickets online, they should call 01123014341, 01123014451 and 9968262299 for assistance,” he said. Prestone Tynsong.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has urged the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to expedite the provision of relief to the victims of the natural disaster in the district.
In the midst of the journey of the Seng, it has had to go through many challenges, challenges and criticisms.
It is true that we have seen the peace talks with the ANVC which ended in an agreement between the central government, the state government and the ANVC.
Nongstoin, July 13: The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S.Kharlyngdoh, has enforced Section 144 CrPc on the bridge from Wahlyngdoh to Risiang on the Nongstoin-Maweit road. They burnt down a wooden bridge in Risiang village on the evening of Tuesday.
The meeting was to discuss the candidate to contest from the constituency in the 2018 MLA elections.
The doctor who treats people when people come for medicine, measures the BP and if the person has more serious illnesses, sends for tests. whether it is diabetes, ultrasound, endoscopy, Xray, MRI or other tests that we cannot name.
The Principal of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai, B Richard Uriah has inaugurated the Rising Hills English School at Mowtyrshiah on the 29th of this month.
BJP Vice President Dr M Chuba Ao on Friday said he had not heard from former Meghalaya Chief Minister Mukul Sangma to join the party.
Therefore, in order to avoid any future conflict, the government should make public the soskular signed on 29th October 2022 in Delhi between the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister. Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma before Home Minister Amit Shah.
AICC Media Chairperson Jairam Ramesh has recently sent a letter to the CBI urging the CBI to question the Union Home Minister Amit Shah on the government's statement. Conrad Sangma said that it is the most corrupt and to send an inquiry into this case.
In addition to killing them with guns, they also threw bombs.
Public meetings and road shows shall be allowed with appropriate guidelines and recommendations on security as issued by the MHA/States.
The KSU also expressed its regret over the delay in the construction of the Entry and Exit Point in the area.
To ensure equal employment opportunities and to abolish the time limit for turning off lights, to ensure free mining of coal, to ensure the border and the I.L.P., without going through the leaders not selected.
They demanded that the government should stop the bias of taxing only Assam trucks while the trucks of Byrnihat factories have been released.
Speaking to reporters, he said that after the accident, the demand for the resignation of the minister is wrong and this is based on the demand of State BJP President Ernest Mawrie. He demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should take action against the incident in the Government of East Jaintia District.
He said that for this reason they had to stop taking part in the convocation because the VC did not convene the meeting of the University Court. that the teachers intend to destroy the school.
Also present on the occasion were Bah RV Warjri, Prof Antionette Kharmalki from Khasi Department NEHU, Padmashree Kong Patricia Mukhim, Journalist, The Shillong Times, Bah Bobby S Basan, Head of Khasi Department and that fellow teachers.
In the women's senior recurve category, Ridhi from Haryana won the gold medal, Promila Daimary from Assam won the silver medal and Simranjeet Kaur won the silver medal. Punjab won the bronze medal.
KHNAM is one of the political parties which has supported the strike and has strongly condemned the government especially the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education Dr RC Laloo and the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma. Try.
Police have taken action on the complaint and arrested the suspect.
Kong Kotlang Ryngkhlem, who was present on the occasion, expressed her happiness on the 10th Anniversary of the VO. has encouraged women to start their own businesses.
Maheh was very happy, and the next morning, after drinking bran, he prepared his feet to go to the house of Bah Let to tell him what he had talked to his wife. son.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union Nongkrem Circle welcomes and congratulates all the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep who came to witness the Shad Pomblang or Shad Nongkrem which was held at the Syiem Sad Square in Smit on the 6th and 7th of November.
After the first innings, Lumpaia Avengers CC scored 128 runs for the loss of eight wickets while all the overs were over.
I propose to conduct this hearing if both parties agree.
Others who attended the rally were MPUF leader Rapmiki Pohti, Shaphrang Pajuh, Nidaialam Dkhar and Bynta DB Lyngdoh.
Regarding the ban on the screening of Khasi films, Shangpliang said that the Chief Secretary has promised to release them soon in the coming days.
We can use the earth's resources, forests, water and rivers for our own survival.
When Conrad K. Sangma, visited Jirang, he first visited the PHC in Jirang Mynnar, then at Nongsier village and in a short meeting, he also addressed the people and The same thing happened at Umlakro village, after which a meeting was held at the office of the BDO of Jirang Block.
Until now, we have seen that the State Government or the Government of India has been talking about improving and regulating the flow of rivers; However, it has never mentioned the rainfall, the fertilizer from the Riwar area and the flow to Bangladesh every day, especially during the rainy season.
Meghalaya U-19 cricket team beat Sikkim by two wickets in the Cooch Behar Trophy on Sunday.
The vaccination program is divided into three phases, the first phase from 7-12 November, 2023, the second phase from 11-16 November, three will run from March 9-14, 2023.
She didn't say anything to anyone and went straight to bed to rest alone.
After that, in the next two years 2026-25, the loan will have to be paid T.3,227.59 crore, including the principal of T.2,011.53 crore and the interest of T.1,216.06 crore. .
He said that the name of Bah Benedict Ranee should remain in our hearts and deeds.
The disease has spread to 30 provinces in China.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 5.54 lakh.
“It is time for the political party leaders to choose in advance who their leader will be so that the people can think carefully before deciding whom they will hand over to lead the state,” he said.
Later, they started misusing the names and photographs of senior officers of various offices which had been collected through the internet and spread on social media sites, email, messenger app and especially through Whatsapp to deceive them. colleague.
In a statement, BJP Meghalaya Pradesh Chief Spokesperson Edmund K. Sangma said that the wind of politics has started blowing towards the BJP in all parts of Garo Hills.
The State Coordinator, Tracy Kharkamni gave a detailed speech on the theme of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program
Jowai, March 27: The Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 1st Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
“The Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary should clarify these issues without delay,” Zenith Sangma said in a statement on Thursday.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) has delayed the construction of a 500 MW coal-fired power project in the state.
“We have requested the government to implement other laws to curb the influx of mynder,” said the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Langkynma Area Unit. Borsora – Nongjri road is in poor condition.
Although Manipur has won against Meghalaya, it is in third place, while Sikkim is in second place after beating Arunachal Pradesh.
Fourth, there are many issues related to the sale of goods on the street and on the road.
“The job of a nurse is difficult, but it is the new way of treating the sick, so you (nurses) should provide the best service to the patient to get complete health,” he said. Speaking as the chief guest at the Nurses Week celebrations at the Auditorium of Shangpung Pohshnong on Saturday, the Nurses Week was organized by the Trained Nurses Association of India (TNAI), Jaintia Hill Unit. : The balance of mind, body and Spirit".
We are those bseiñ that turn milk into bih.
He urged the trainees to take part in the training so that it will be of benefit to them in the future.
The Unit Head of Star Cement, Lammaiah Manjula, congratulated the students who received this scholarship. He said that the company through the CSR department will continue to do many more things to contribute to the society.
However, when they arrived there, they were not allowed to enter the ground to run and this incident angered them.
Be assured that they will accept this offer with a pure heart and mind.
He looked at the time on his wrist and saw that it was twelve o'clock.
Some of the winners in the first place in various categories were Salad Arrangement, Flower Arrangement, Kmenhunshisha K.Wanniang, Sketching, Drawing, Banrilaakor Wanniang, Painting, Ninestar Thongriting, Slogan. Yellow House, Spelling Bee Savelyness Iawphniaw (Senior) and Madonna Nongsieij (Junior), Singing :Yellow House (Senior) and Kandarilang Iawphniaw & Philawanpli Jyrwa ), Debate :Mirable Blah, Essay :Sunita Lyngdoh, Fancy Dress :Deimaya Lyngdoh, Skit :Yellow House, Extempore Speech :Banteidor Sohshang.
" All these things are for the weapons of war to come to pass that day as it is written.
A woman who teaches at a secondary school told us that when the children passed class-X from her school, only one passed.
They left the village for Shyllong, Tura, Williamnagar and Ampati.
On this occasion, he also inaugurated many road construction projects and launched a booklet on the progress of the district in various fields during the past year. opened on 10th November 2021 and enriched the celebration with songs and dances from local talents and a Kids show for children under 3 years old and Miss & Mr Mairang Show, especially for the youth.
They requested Bah George who is also a former leader of MEPA to take action to inform the government of the problems they are facing as he is also a leader who has been involved in the protests for a long time. on these mats.
This has indeed discouraged them and we also find that many of our farmers themselves still lack the knowledge of the price of mur, the trade and inheritance of agriculture.
Other children have also married and settled farther away and find it difficult to carry their mother because they themselves are poor and have to work around.
“Kong, I will leave before I make arrangements for tomorrow's work,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
He said that they are very happy for this project and we cannot repay, only God can repay for this kindness of the MLA. that they may not forget the good deeds of this leader of the region.
Size Dkhar 4.
The driver of the truck has been arrested under the NDPS Act.
The best player of the day was awarded to Khraw Sohlang of Mylliem SC who played well and showed his skills. The Secretary of Laitkseh Village Council.
In connection with the incident, a case has been registered under Section 509 (2) of the Indian Penal Code against the sender of the threatening message and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
In another match, Nongmynsong beat Nongsohphoh 2-1
Ukraine has held its last tribute to the Ukrainian soldiers who were killed in the Russian attack on that day.
Halena Barulina, a Russian researcher, says that there are two sub species of masur in the world; macrosperms, and microsperms.
During the inspection, the residents, together with the leaders of the HNYF, from Ri-Bhoi District and from the village, found that the dewbilat cross was erected on top of the stone. you can tell the story.
With a view to ensuring this, the government has approved the extension of PMGKAY for another three months, so that they can get the benefits of food security without any problem of financial shortage.
The Christian Church must follow in the footsteps of Christ, who never hesitated to speak the truth.
Shillong, Iaiong 5 : The State Government has not yet decided or selected the Director General of Police (DGP) of the State from among the three candidates selected by the UPSC. He was appointed as the Special DGP of the State.
If the beneficiary does not claim employment, in such event the entitlement to APBS does not affect the employment claim.
He said that these assistance provided by the JHDS is part of the government's collaboration in the fight against COVID-1
He said that we don't feel sorry for the police but we want to make it clear that if the police continue to shoot the members of the party, the party will not hesitate to take other members. lad that road.
All these have caused problems to all the residents of these areas that there is no food supply in the villages.
“They have received a notice from the DC East Khasi Hill that the same person has been authorized to occupy 232 acres of land. in the village of Mawkynring.
SEPSD has also informed the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Divisional Forest Officer (T) Jowai and the Chief Forest Officer JHADC. u Member Secretary Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
“If the CEM of KHADC is a Hynniewtrep, he should tell the government to implement the VAB. Until the VAB is received, we will not rest,” he said.
Meanwhile, the EM in charge of the market, Bah Jambor War, while informing the farmers of the KHADC after a meeting with the HFU leaders today, said that the Council has not The farmers have been left behind, but it will ensure that their problems will be resolved soon.
Furthermore, it has been witnessed that these floods on the roads usually occur after heavy rains.
Then he went back to Calcutta to continue his studies and it was in Calcutta that he was inspired and shaped his new thoughts and he expanded and enhanced his knowledge and skills. experience.
“The government through ADB funding will improve the groundwater level and for this we have taken measures to improve the drinking water supply,” Marak said.
The Leader of the Opposition was accompanied by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, MCS, Dr WL Narry, Medical & Health Officer and other staff of CHC Mawkyrwat. District Mental & Health Program and under the District Medical & Health Officer (DM&HO), South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: Shortly after the news of the increase in the price of milk, the Magistrate sent by the District authorities has arrived at Iewduh to search the shops. those who sell at the highest price and to arrest the sellers.
To date, 2259 Action Research Projects have been awarded to BIS Officers and the progress of these projects has been monitored by the Heads, DDGs and DGs. The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) to address the needs of the workers involved in the monitoring and to promote the Skill India initiative of the Government of India.
The article starts with the BJP's #MainBhiChowkidar.
Many say that the VPP will not win and even if it wins, only Bah Ardent or Bah Adelbert can win.
The time has come for God's servants to become servants of the people in the kingdom.
In another order, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has banned the manufacture, distribution and sale of plastic less than 50 micron in thickness and any type of plastic which cannot be identified. Plastic Waste Management Rules, 2016 throughout the district.
An 11-year-old girl from Florida was arrested on Tuesday after illegally texting and calling police at her friend was kidnapped that day.
However, in the elections, if there are no people who know how to speak publicly, the speech is lost and the people do not like it especially in the rural areas.
We are still looking at these facts, which the Congress, will bring in the coming days, but it will be for the benefit of the people of the country, if it increases the income, the livelihood of the people. u lacquer.
Regarding the party's ticket allocation to its candidates and also who will be its Chief Ministerial candidate, Manish said the Congress has not yet decided to allocate tickets to anyone and has not decided whom it will nominate as the Chief Minister candidate. Minister in 2023.
Nickson recalled that when the HYC went to talk to the Minister of Law and Justice Rowell Lyngdoh to demand the repeal of the Ordinance, Rowell said that it should be brought. “If the teacher's job doesn't have a problem, why not pass the Ordinance?” said Nickson Dohling.
Speaking after the meeting with the Chief Minister, Bah Michael Thongni, Member of the Federation, said that the Chief Minister has decided to hold a meeting with the officers of various departments of the State Government to discuss the issue. these are their demands, and he will inform them later.
Although the team has been able to strengthen its bones and focus on the game, the team has developed the right style of play which has helped the team to win the title. a proper channel within its resistance team.
According to those who phoned this reporter, they said that they have spent many days to come to Pynursla to exchange money and this has affected their plan.
In the past few days, many people have suffered due to power outages.
He said that according to the RTI, the union has found that there are 75 foreign shops which have issued NOCs in Majai.
Speaking to reporters at the press conference, Manstudy Nongrem said that the departure of Martin M. Danggo and the NPP from Ranikor constituency has its own reasons. There are many reasons why the supporters under the leadership of Martin M.Danggo have decided to leave the NPP and join the NPP. Therefore, as the current BJP leader who holds the post of General Secretary, he wants to clarify to the people that Martin M.Danggo has decided to leave because of the unrest within the NPP. They have left for the BJP and on the allegation that Danggo has been joining and leaving from one party to another, it is the same because if there is no understanding.
She also received a Community Hall from the Forest Office, PM Kissan from the Agriculture Office, 4 persons from the Fishery Office received a scheme to build fish farms, Water Resources received assistance to build a drainage system. PWD has helped to build a PMGSY road, Civil Supply & Consumer Affairs has distributed ration to 17 households, Social Welfare has distributed ration to 4 households. PHE has only 2 STC shyngiar, Agriculture has provided only a small amount of environmental assistance, Tourism has not done anything in the village even though it is It is the most beautiful village in the area and is the gateway to Nongkhnum, the Nongkhnum Valley, Wah Kynshi and its beaches.
She said that among the districts in the state, East Jaintia came first, West Jaintia came second, East Khasi Hills came fourth and others. Districts within the State.
Nongstoiñ: The SSA Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) of West Khasi Hills District under the leadership of Babu Peter Thyrniang has urged the Government of Meghalaya to release the salary as soon as possible within the month of October three months' together with the arrear of five months'
Nine people have recovered from the disease today.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah has said that he welcomes the suggestion of the union and will soon direct the electricity department to start from government buildings.
Another wrestler, Bhalang Shadap, defeated Enait Khan of DNHDD (Dadra & Nagar Haveli, Daman & Diu) in the welterweight category 63.5-67kg.
““To know the truth, I have requested RTI from the MeECL Office on June 1,
“In the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, these leaders of Block II also submitted a petition saying, “We Khasi who live in these 18 villages do not demand anything that is against the Constitution. We request the Central Government, the Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya to resolve this issue through mutual understanding and allow us to fall within the border of Meghalaya because of our way of life and customs. long be Khasi”, said the Union in a petition to the Prime Minister.
Shillong, June 14 : The Shillong Sports Association (SSA) U-10 Football League 2023 is underway at the Polo Ground, Shillong.
On the other hand, the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, said that the protesting employees cannot protest in front of the court as it is a place where Section 144CrPc has been enforced since last month. The district authorities and later the employees went to protest outside the court, but as the provisions of Section 144CrPC says that they cannot gather within a distance of 500 meters around the court, the police They were taken to Sadar Police Station but released later.
The Off Roader is a form of driving through rocks, hills and hills using vehicles specially designed for these races.
It’s always teamwork.21.
The meeting was held at the residence of Dr. Donkupar Roy, President of the UDP. In the presence of other UDP leaders, Metbah Lyngdoh MLA, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, Kyrmen Shylla MLA, Conrad Sangma CM, National President of the NPP, Prestone Tyngsong MLA, NPP leaders, Renik Lyngdoh Tongkhar MLA HSPDP and other HSPDP leaders, Banteidor Lyngdoh MLA PDF and senior leaders SK Sun MLA, NPP leaders Lambor Malngiang MLA, Bah B. Nongsiej MLA and other dignitaries.
They value life, freedom and do not respect the life of the human soul.
JOWAI: The State Government has appointed the Acting Dolloi of Shangpung District as the Marriage Officer.
The funds are also for those victims of house fires who have lost their homes due to the fire, as well as those who have been affected by the storm. iong, the cyclone.
Speaking to reporters, it is understood that the reason why the leader of the group of priests issued these words, is after they found that in the past they were still silent and did not know, the The smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh is still very low, but the sudden increase in the number of smugglers to Bangladesh, came after these smugglers went to ask for help from the leaders of the Sengbhalang and also after they went to meet with the that authorities government.
The following are the reasons for drinking milk before bedtime: Weight loss: Drinking milk before bedtime is known to help with digestion. sha you fish.
The 66th National School Games will be held in Gwalior, Madhya Pradesh, from 8th to 12th July
The defender got back on the pitch after 50 minutes and managed to save the balls from Lalengmawia Ralte and Jorge Diaz.
The 3rd Division of the tournament was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
The reason is that no flesh can boast before God”.1 Corinthians 1:28-2
I wish you all the best".
God said Jesus' Father did not create man.
On the other hand, the Minister said that if the Government needs these land for the construction of projects, the Government has no choice but to relocate the people living in government lands.
“No Minister will want to be removed from the Cabinet of the State Government, but if the party or the Government finds that our work for the department assigned to us “It's not good, we can be removed,” said Bah Shylla.
Khliehriat, July 25: The Deputy Commissioner (Election) of East Jaintia Hills District today said that the District Administration has set up a District Committee to monitor the situation in the district. This is in accordance with the Model Code of Conduct for the maintenance of peace and order and for the smooth running of the upcoming Meghalaya Legislative Assembly elections.
If you say that we have the Sixth Schedule in this state, how come the influx of foreigners is so high.
“I have brought before the Prime Minister this very serious issue which needs to be discussed in detail for the benefit of all the Jaidbynriew in the State and the step to be taken should be in a peaceful manner and peace and happiness for all,” he added.
Before the election they say one thing and when they win they do whatever they want.
There are many reasons behind fatigue.
Shillong: Due to the onset of the lockdown which has been in force for several days and the implementation of this order has left many households in need. and the poor to face problems in relation to the lack of access to food items which may be due to the lack of access to purchase or other reasons, so the Dorbar Shnong Mawkhar, has collected an emergency meeting of the Executive Dorbar to take a decision on this important and necessary issue.
I have appealed on the 7th of this month but I have not received a reply.
Here in our Ri-Lum Nongphlang and Maram areas, people are willing to give Ai-Jaid to their mother (woman), that too is no different, because they understand according to their human customs.
He also urged that if you find that you don't have a strep line, you shouldn't drink or use it without getting permission from your doctor.
According to the CEM, he has asked for time to read carefully and investigate on this matter as he said that there is no information on this action of the Hima and at the same time he promised to send officers to investigate and follow up and he himself said that such things should not happen within the Khasi Hills.
You are a son, you are the word.
There will be no more corruption, deceit, selfishness, all kinds of evil.
After talking to Kong Mon, she left and went straight home.
God says – “Let marriage be honorable among all, and the marriage bed be without defilement; for God will judge the ungodly and the foolish" Hebrews 13:4
First of all, I praise the mother nature who understands better how to judge the seed and glorify its name forever (it means from generation to generation we know and recognize the plant by its seed) the earth accepts he is a seed.
The meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong of Baroto, N.Sten. Speech was delivered by R.Lamare, Secretary of Mooshrot, Rikut Parien. EC Bamon in which thousands of supporters of the village attended.
Although India has become a major producer and exporter of shynrai, the import of this crop is increasing.
In this age, although they are more intelligent and know the above, there is something that they hate A, B and hate everyone else.
There are also high paid constituencies like Mawlai which needs to be divided into two constituencies which makes it difficult for the leader to provide adequate services.
We as the Dorbar Shnong Sahsniang as we have always had the responsibility and solidarity, until now, we continue to have the same solidarity for the problems faced by these fellow citizens. do not man you por.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today released the first list of candidates for the GHADC MDC elections in Lum Garo.
Mihsalan Bareh, Mizoram Motor Sport Association (MIMSA), has finished second in the 27th Motocross and Autocross Championships held by the Mizoram Motor Sport Association (MIMSA) on 21st and 22nd June. Bah Mihsalam Bareh and his son, Gareth Pariat came first in the recent race in Mizoram.
Gradually, the child's hands, feet and head were seriously injured.
They also said that they have submitted a petition to MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, who said that he will talk to the Minister in charge of Soil.
They said that they do not feel fit to hold their posts after they resigned from the PDF. Regarding their resignation, Bah Manstudy Nongrem said that according to the AD rules, they are allowed to hold their posts. to resign and have to send a letter of resignation to the Secretary of the Legislative.
These leaders of the NPP Nongpoh Constituency, who have taken the decision to leave the party, include Bah CB Syiem, former MDC Nongpoh, who is the Adviser of the NPP in Nongpoh, and Bah Agustine Nongrum. NPP Women Wing President Thre Nongrum, Adviser, Henry Nongrum, Organizing Secretary and many other leading NPP leaders from Nongpoh Constituency.
In the fight between the two sides, the two sides ended in a draw without any casualties.
Shillong, July 2: U Banshai Marbaniang, President and General Secretary of FKJGP Mawsynram Circle have lodged a complaint with the Mawsynram PS Police Station against the management of Mawsynram CHC. They also complained that they have misused the funds for the construction of the entrance gate to the CHC. in terms of electricity management.
The program was attended by the residents of Jakrem, parents, members of the VOs as well as school children and teachers. and as Project Director of DRDA, was the chief guest.
Nongpoh, March 16: With the aim of promoting and preserving traditional medicine through herbal medicines, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not only planned to build a plantation for herbal medicines. Khasi herbal medicines at Lumsohpet Bneng, Ri Bhoi District, but it also intends to market these medicines and treatment methods in agreement with other foreign companies.
It is worth mentioning that the village has already been declared as a Micro Containment Zone Area in the past few days, but due to the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1 The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, has declared it as a Containment Zone, or a place where the entry and exit of foreigners and those within the village is strictly prohibited.
The hearing of the case will be held in six months.
Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that the Byrnihat area, has faced a lot of problems in terms of land to dispose of garbage and if this project of the party succeeds, it will be a great blessing. to the residents of the area as a whole.
Open that link?? to know about it.
In his letter to the Ephesians, the Apostle Paul says: Take up the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, today said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has been directed to lodge a complaint against 41 persons. Participate in the wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort, Khanapara, Assam.
Youth is a memorable time and it cannot forget each of us because during this time we experience many joys and happiness.
Hamas militants reportedly abducted the child to Gaza after killing and attacking her parents in an offensive against Israel on March 7 last year.
On the other hand, the District Council will build a road in these areas where the vendors live in the market so the cleaning of these areas will benefit the vendors.
The Achik Youth Council (AYC) on Tuesday informed the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma about the decline in the number of students who have passed the examination. SSLC examination from Garo Hills and requests to take corrective measures to improve this along with some suggestions from the party.
In another incident, BSF in Pyrdiwah-East Khasi Hills seized 2010 kilos of kha tyrkhong worth T.9 lakh which was intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh. dense forests.
Up to 30 participants from all over the world and the USA have taken part in the pageant.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the government has decided to evacuate all the people who have been admitted to Bethany Hospital who have survived the corona virus. .
Only 5 percent of your attention and time goes to pleasure.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, who is also the National President of the NPP, said that he admits that the area has been neglected in development projects.
Nongpoh, Lber 10: A 6 wheeler truck carrying Atta, Amul, Urea Oil and other items from Guwahati to Shillong has caught fire at midnight this morning. Shangbangla in Ri-Bhoi District and fortunately the driver and passengers escaped without injuries.
On the other hand, it will continue to be a temporary relief for the domestic users as no decision has been taken to increase the price.
At the same time, reporters also asked Ram about what film he wants to act in later in his life and he replied that he wants to act in a biopic of Virat. Kohli either built or produced it.
On the MP election, Pangniang said the HSPDP will sit down to discuss after the MP election. He said the UDP's proposal to have a joint candidate is a good idea and the party will I'll sit on this.
He said the party leader Mamata Banerjee is one of the greatest women of India and has done many development works in West Bengal.
Other speakers included James Lyngdoh, TMC Block Committee President Fernandes Dkhar and Macmillan Kharbani President TMC Block Committee.
We give kids leeway in what sport they’re most comfortable with so they can keep practicing.
The Waheh Shnong of Shilliang Myntang, Beristar Lamare, said that they are deeply saddened and distressed because the government has neglected this road for decades and as the people they have the right to get it. good roads as other residents of the state.
The second is that the election will not be held in order to avoid any confusion between the MDA government led by the NPP and the Executive Committee of the GHADC led by the NPP. The Cabinet can also extend the tenure of the MDCs so that they can receive their salaries within a few months if they are defeated and lose their salaries. .
However, if we talk about peace, it is up to the HNLC to raise its issues first, what it wants, because the party has many ideas, which those who read the newspapers understand. It is good that the statements of the party, have been in conflict with each other, in which the party, has issued from time to time and recently, it can be recalled that it has expressed its demands. and what the NSCN (IM) of Nagaland has demanded and if so, this demand will last for another 10 years and perhaps even more.
The Jaidbynriew is facing two challenges.
Ribhoi has 30 cases, including 4 cases from abroad, 10 cases from high risk contacts, 10 cases from screening, 2 cases from soldiers and 4 cases from health workers.
After this, a celebration was held by the Parish Council and the awarding ceremony was held for the men and women who are the fruit of the Spirit to work for the Kingdom of God.
When we say to love and sacrifice for our country, we don't mean to die like a goat or a cow without understanding. rid a which we shall remember our country in all aspects of our lives.
The residents who were near the shop said that the land belonged to the Khyllah Jait, which was given to them by the Khlieh Nongsynshar Hima decades ago.
The three senior officers are HC Gupta, Secretary, Coal Ministry, KS Kropha, former Chief Secretary, Meghalaya and KC Samria, former Director, Coal. Ministry.
Wing Commander Abhinandan Varthaman shouted patriotic slogans and fired into the air and threw away the necessary documents when he landed in Pakistan, said one of the Rangbah Shnongs. , who is in Pakistan.
The meeting was conducted by the President of the party from Ranikor Circle, Bah PK Raswai, former MLA/MDC.
As the children of Hynniewtrep we should be proud that we have these traditional teachings and knowledge of ancient times which guide us in our daily lives and in our work since the time of kulong kumah and these they are still true today.
Shillong, June 22: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Excise Officers in October conducted raids on liquor shops, restaurants in the city and outside this city.
He said that as a member of the party, he does not want to lose any job but it depends on the cooperation in the party.
James Pangsang Kongkal Sangma will be in charge of Taxation, Power, Food, Civil Supplies & Consumer Affairs, Law, Information & Public Relations.
Regarding the demand for the immediate withdrawal of BSF troops from Sonapyrdi Bridge, Santa Mary Shylla, the leader of the area, has promised in front of the KSU Huroi Unit leaders that she will take action. On this issue, the union has promised to take action and inform the state government and also to the authorities in charge of the Home Department of the Government of India. She said that she will work together on this issue.
Mairang, November 28 : Speaking at a meeting of the UDP Mawthadraishan constituency in Tiehnongbah recently, UDP Mawthadraishan MDC and General Secretary Jambor War said that the people should not listen to the voices of the people. The NPP has brought about many development projects, but the party earns from here and takes it to other states in order to expand and develop the party in other states.
The residents of these areas, including school children, came to take part in this march, parents, young men and women came out in order from the beginning of the meeting.
“The North East Japan Caravan 2023, jointly organized by the Japan Foundation, New Delhi and the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR-NE), started on Thursday and will end on Thursday. 19 November.
The main issues discussed at the meeting were the presence of Indian insurgents like GNLA, HNLC, ULFA, NDFB, NLFT within the Bangladesh border. you're ringing.
Lad Rymbai B SC beat Chiehruphi SYWSC 1-0 and Dasukwame Dkhar scored the first goal in the 4th minute. which is the start time of the first half match.
The other 15 runs came through Agatchu Chetai K. Marak to lead TDCA to 100 runs, but he was dismissed.
“The proposal to set up a State Human Rights Commission has been a long standing demand of the MPHRC since 1996, when former Chief Minister Salseng Marak submitted a proposal to the Chief Ministers of the North East. The need for a single Human Rights Commission in Assam and Manipur has been abolished after the establishment of the State Human Rights Commission in Assam and Manipur,” said a statement from the MPHRC. The Government is a sign of welcome and the establishment of the State Human Rights Commission will further enhance the struggle for the recognition, promotion and protection of human rights in the State.
Among the main reasons were the victory of Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang, the emergence of the woman from Jaintia Hills, Kong Santa Mary Shylla, the victory of Bah Paul Lyngdoh as a brave and courageous leader and Ronnie B Lyngdoh was also present.
For example, only for the construction of larger buildings which require equipment, foreigners have had to be brought in due to the lack of skilled youth to work even in these jobs.
“On the last day of the Nirmal Bharat Abhiyan (formerly known as Nirmal Gram Puruskar), West Garo Hills received 216 awards and was one of the districts that won the Nirmal Gram Puruskar. to raise awareness of the NGP in the country where East Garo Hills has reached the 15th position at the national level.
This online platform provides a wide range of e-learning opportunities where employees can train themselves.
Last month I wrote an article in an English newspaper in which I mentioned the excessive behavior of some tourists in Khasi-Jaintia.
On the other hand, the UDP, as directed by the Committee, has taken the initiative to give its opinion on this issue after 50 years as it is not easy to change suddenly without proper consideration.
The arrest of these two men happened at 11 pm this morning, when police received a tip that some people were riding in a vehicle coming from Assam and were planning to rob. On receiving this information, the Byrnihat Police Station conducted a search operation in Byrnihat and arrested the suspects.
When the chairman of the meeting announced that Bah Pynshngain has received these four degrees, those sitting on the platform clapped their hands, while those standing at a distance shook their heads. you shall not be able to appoint the Chairman.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Mawsynram C&RD Block will soon get a new and larger office at a cost of Rs 3 crore.
MDC Emlangky Lamare, Tejbir Singh, Administrator Star Cement Ltd were the guests of honour, Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs from various villages in Narpuh District.
The three Khasi youths are Barson Lawai, Standing Khriam and Dispar Mukhim. They are still in the custody of the Assam Police.
If you don't have a policy within the Hima, you don't have light, but now you are in darkness without the Hima Dorbar with the children of the thousand and you don't get a clear report. reading.
He said that the CEM should immediately apologize for his misrepresentations and unfounded allegations against the Pnars.
Therefore, the Government is requested to take action, as this is the time of the fourth season that the farmers are facing.
John Kharshiing urged the President of Meghalaya BJP to look into these suggestions from the Vajpayee-led government in
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare (Harsh Vardhan), who himself is an allopathic doctor and postgraduate and the head of the health department of the Government of India, should strongly condemn this person. or to abolish this new type of treatment or to imprison this person, under the Epidemic Act, to prevent the misleading of millions of people, from these statements. Ramdev said that Ramdev intends to intimidate the people of the country during this time of pandemic and that he can sell his own medicines and that he will carry money, at the price of people's lives.
The impact of these drugs will be a serious threat to the health of the people especially to the neighboring villages who are still using the water supply from the wells near Marten. Marten area in Mawlai Mawiong is a place where there is no clean air to breathe. THE DRUGS AND COSMETICS ACT 1940 & RULES 1945 have been found to be a violation of the provisions of the THE DRUGS AND COSMETICS Act 1940 & RULES through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of India or in accordance with the provisions of various laws.
Speaking on the occasion, Waheh Shnong Edystone Shylla said that not all the members of the village were invited to the program due to the failure to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government.
The Cabinet is a body of Ministers headed by the Prime Minister and is the highest authority of the Government which decides and implements policies and laws.
It is because man does not know what will happen to him tomorrow.
Meanwhile, the National Security Guard (NSG) has arrived in Shillong tomorrow to guard the Prime Minister along with the Assam Rifles and Meghalaya Police.
Before Pakistan's secession from India and a few years later, Assam's trade outside the State was through the Brahmaputra River.
In the midst of great public protest, the words of the book of Daniel gave hope and encouragement to the Jews and others who were fighting against the invasion of the Greek Empire at that time.
Speaking to reporters in Shimla, Pathania, who had earlier taken the decision to expel these MLAs on Tuesday, said that these MLAs had violated the rules in which they had against the decision of the Congress party because they have lost their tickets.
Speaking at the meeting, former MLA and Vice President of the MPCC, AH Scott Lyngdoh, explained to all the Congress members the facts related to the National Herald case. Associated Journal Limited bad ka Young India Limited.
The KSU and other political parties have strongly opposed the construction of the railway line to Shillong demanding that the state government should first implement measures to curb the entry and exit of foreigners before the entry and exit of foreigners. The Government will talk about the construction of a railway line to Shillong.
The school has been in existence for 22 years and is located near the Presbyterian Church.
In his speech, Mr. Reachingson Siangshai, one of the members of the SMC, said that the school has set a target to plant trees for every student and teacher (One Student One Tree, One Teacher One Tree) this year, to join hands with countries around the world to Restore Our Earth according to the theme.
During the investigation, Bah Richard Wahlang, seized the drugs from inside his residence and the incident was witnessed by two witnesses who are prominent people of the village.
Speaking to reporters, the president of the JSU said, “No one can ban the religious beliefs of a person in our country because it is a secular country, but it is sad to see that people They don't appreciate this, and besides the religious discrimination, there is also the discrimination and discrimination, which destroys and degrades the entire nation which we know as a country that knows man and knows God.
These roads and bridges in Garo Hills would not have been damaged to this extent if there had been no follow-up by the Monitoring Committee.
Father Hilarius Lamare, the chief guest on this day, took the theme “Let us be law-abiding people”. Father Hilarius said that God has given us the will. it is up to us to choose good or evil.
The MLA/MDC of Ranikor Constituency, Bah Pius Marweiñ, has laid the foundation stone for the implementation of the Nongjri-Nonghyllam Combined Water Supply Scheme. (N-NCWSS) with a budget of T.8.94 crore.
The funeral service will be held on 20/09//2022 at the Catholic Cemetery, Jowai at 2 pm.
God delivered the children of Israel from Egypt from the hands of Pharaoh after they had been slaves there for 430 years.
And this also shows that the judgment is not right, so ask those who judge the judgment.
This is after the state government has allowed the opening of liquor shops yesterday, but it was found that the people who went to buy liquor did not follow the orders of the department. but they have gathered together which has brought trouble to the whole state.
The Khasi Jaidbynriew is a small nation compared to other high paid people, therefore we should avoid being afraid of the Shongkha khyllah jaid.
He said that since the incident three months ago, tourism authorities in the country have been cautious.
In the 17th chapter of Revelation, it says that he has 7 heads and 10 horns.
It was written in The Shillong Times but it was not published.
Shillong, March 12: The Monitoring and Implementation Committee (MCIC) has held a preparatory ceremony for Durga, Lakshmi and Kali Puja, 2015 on the 11th of this month at RLSSCO Community. Hall, Vincent, Chicago.
“In the next session, we will bring a resolution in the House to oppose the Central Government's proposal to introduce the CAB,” said TW Chyne.
He will also visit the Khappud Market in Bangladesh to talk to the people living in the area.
For six months Rida couldn't get out.
Below I will quote from the statistics of the Khasi-Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly (2018) and this statistic shows the value and strength of the Revelation School in Hynniewtrep.
It is important to look at this as the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) and the provisions of the Act are in harmony.
Rahul Thasrana, 30, has been arrested for the murder of Manmohan Goyal on June 8, 2014 and has dozens of cases against him.
The reason it is the word of God, because all scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness" (2 Timothy 3:16).
It is not known who launched the rockets, but it is believed that it was an attempt to attack the United States for killing Iranian army chief Qasem Soleimani.
Argentina beat Australia 2-1 in the World Cup to qualify for the quarter finals against the Netherlands. in the week, next.
(Bhogtoram Mawroh is a Senior Associate, NESFAS and can be written in bhogtoram.
The woman did not know that she had been given expired blood but the news reached the media and shocked the management of the hospital. event.
To raise awareness, a meeting was held yesterday on Measles-Rubella, where the government has set a target to eradicate the disease by
The independent MLA, who is part of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, said that he wants the victory to go to the candidate who is part of the MDA government. UDP and PDF candidates and an independent candidate.
The woman said she had no knowledge that she had entered India and did not intend to do so.
The Minister also expressed his gratitude to the Food Distribution Department, which has worked day and night to deliver food items to parts of the state.
Thousands of supporters from all over the constituency attended the campaign rally in the presence of party leaders including party candidate Bah Samlin and National Vice President Bah Prestone Tynsong who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. the State.
When these two men sat down to eat, the young men and women watched because they didn't want to be fellow villagers.
They also hoped that God will continue to strengthen Bah Ardent to stand to the end so that the country will have a bright future.
Out of the 46 places visited by FKJGP, 44 places were found to be codiform and E.coli.
The United States has now developed seven missiles, which are used in Syria to destroy the insurgents in the country.
Soso Tham in the old days of Hynniewtrep said, 'We live in other days, what shall we do for the country'? John F Kennedy, President of the United States of America, said that the relationship between Wales and our nation is very close, as this has been the case since the time of the Welsh missionaries. and also gave us the alphabet through the father of the Khasi alphabet, Thomas Jones.
It can be said that many of the terrible things in society today come from the families.
e) Modern education began in 1841 in Sohra.
The government has also started to turn only to the two ethnic groups for political gain, but this has led to conflict between the two groups, but the government has not started to bring them to the table of discussion regarding what has happened so far.
Thus we see immediately that those whom we choose hold and leave us alone.
Besides, the need for a proper cancer treatment center was stressed so that patients do not have to go to other states for treatment.
Police on receiving information about the incident rushed to the village and arrested Jansing for further investigation.
The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has called a public meeting tomorrow, October 13 at Phramer Community Hall at 12 noon.
In his book, The Transformative Constitution, Gautam Bhatia presents two arguments, the Constitution or the new Constitution in India continues from what the Foreign Government has left behind and independence is only a change. ruler and rule.
The Kur Suchiang has demanded that he should explain to the public within six days and if he cannot explain, the Kur Suchiang will take stronger measures.
Shillong: The internet shutdown in the state has been extended for another 48 hours, according to a government statement.
ABVP member Ajay Shankar Tiwari, who was traveling on the same train with the nuns, saw that the nuns were talking to the girls. , that they intend to convert these children.
Not only that, it was through Donboklang Lyngdoh who confirmed Lajong's victory against Guwahati with his goal in the 50th minute from inside the box.
Perhaps this is enough to review or revise the reservation policy, so that we do not lose money when dividing or changing this recruitment policy as it is now.
Shillong: The SP of East Khasi Hills, Davies NR Marak, on Tuesday said that the police department had not received any information about the arrival of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) members at the Secretariat yesterday. The HYC has been able to enter the ground floor of the Secretariat.
God asks for His heart of man, that He may dwell in it, and when God dwells in it, that heart can fear God.
Hek said parents should strive to send their children to school so that they do not listen to poverty.
Police have investigated into the incident and submitted a report on 5th July 2012. After completion of the investigation, the Addl. District and Session Judge, District Council Court, West Garo Hills. , Tura has found that Tengsal D. Sangma has committed the crime and sentenced him.
The Comforter in the wilderness must come to us.” These words of the psalmist show that even the composer of this psalm does not believe that the Holy Spirit came down on the day of Pentecost.
“According to the Benami Property Act 2016, those who commit Benami will be punished and their property such as house, land, etc. will be confiscated by the government and punished,” Agarwal said.
At the same time, the Minister also expressed to the Rangbah Shnongs that the cooperation will continue with them not only in times of crisis but also in all aspects.
She took part in one of the Meghalaya Collectives World Food India Conference organized by the Ministry of Food Processing Industries, Government of India at Pragati Maidai, New Delhi from 3rd to 5th October. November, 2023.
The meeting was attended by various religious groups such as Catholic priests, Presbyterian pastors, All Saints Cathedral, Seng Khihlang and Sikhs.
Bindo admitted that the reasons why the UDP should win are because he is a son, who has a good position, the campaign of the Prime Minister, the leaders of the NPP, HSPDP, UDP, the sympathy. “So far we have gone north from NPP, HSPDP, UDP leaders from the government, we have gone by the government and if he wins then the people of Shella perhaps, they say they don't want to,” said Bah Bindo.
Therefore, let us change our minds, because change will come only if each of us, we change not to choose those whom we have known and seen that they are right. not sharp.
The Forum also prayed for all those affected by the Corona Virus in China and elsewhere.
After the funeral of Nahel's body inside his residence in Paris, police arrested 719 protesters that night and this comes after more than 1,300 were arrested in night not last.
The Executive Committee of the KHADC has held a meeting today to discuss the issues to be brought to the dorbar.
The KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Service will be held from the 3rd to the 5th of this month 2023 inside the church.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) today launched a non-cooperation movement to demand that the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) to pay their salary which has been 10 months.
The Sordar of Wahkhen said that the Raid Wahkhen includes three villages, Wahkhen, Ryngngain and Mawah.
He said he had received information by phone that Pynthorumkhrah and Polo have been flooded, and as an MLA he immediately informed the DC to send the Home Guard to provide first aid to them. the people who were affected by the flood.
He said that as a government servant he has tried his best to serve the people.
Shillong: “There are thousands of daju here in Iewduh, we can't count them because there are 3 or 4 daju in one shop,” said some of the daju.
As a family, it is necessary to turn to our Creator and pray without ceasing so that they can have a family free from many problems.
Meghalaya is in the group with West Bengal, Delhi, Manipur, Services and Railways and finished second in the points table and qualified for the semifinals.
The Chief Minister said that they have also sent a letter requesting to hold a special session and to bring a no-confidence motion against the CEM. of the State, in which the Governor of the State in accordance with para 36 (V) has approved the holding of a Special Session, in which the CEM shall have to indicate the number of “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the GHADC dorbar tomorrow,” he said.
These images were taken on the afternoon of July 1, 2023.
The tournament, which is organized in collaboration with the Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA), will end on 6th July
Bah Najim said that it is too late to talk about the lack of network of mobile towers which has put the people in difficulty to complete their work, especially when someone is sick or suffering they cannot send messages. They have been asking for assistance for ambulances and even to send messages to their relatives or children in Shillong.
However, the corruption of this most famous examination authority in Meghalaya has been revealed.
The match between the two teams was very friendly on both sides.
He said the TMC leaders were involved in the illegal coal trade corruption and the Coal Mafia in West Bengal. that marpohground.
He added that in human life there are many problems and sufferings whether in their jobs, in schools and in other areas, so to overcome these and not to reach the limit of grief reminded that it is important to be people who persevere through resources.
Shillong: U John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Dorbar of Chiefs of Meghalaya, on July 29, 2013, during a meeting with the farmers of Mawhati area, passed through the Umsning-Jagi Road. The road from Umsning, Nongkya, Sohpdok, Raitong, Mawdiengan, Mawhati, Umsohlait, Sohnidan Umtrai to Umsiang and which connects with Jagi Road which is about 80km long or less has been destroyed. length.
The funeral service of Michal Dhar will be held on 09.12.2021 at Khnap Thangbru Shangpung at 10.30 pm.
The most exciting event in the tournament was the tan tyllai competition among the women as well as the men.
After a while, especially the foreigners, even if they come to the market every day, they won't know where the market is because the words of the poet Bara or Bura Bazaar have won.
Speaking to media, the employees of the toll plaza said that they cannot tolerate the violence of the manager of the toll plaza who has accused the employees of stealing and not giving them leave. If the employees ask for leave, and expel them if they are late for only a few minutes, and sometimes those who have children and those near the toll plaza leave the workplace just to go home for a while, but On the other hand, the manager without feeling has decided to leave them all day long as the employees cannot accept the violence of the manager.
Shillong: The Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department of the state government has denied that the veterinary staff have told the media that they have decided to close the gate, which controls the entry of cows into the areas. of the Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by Secretary Chrissence Ksoo Yoomeki Passah and members of the HiTO today visited the CHCs in West Jaintia Hills District. Hills District.
Regarding schools in the rural areas, he said the government has directed to hold a meeting with the Covid Management Committees to decide to reopen schools in their villages. .
After this, Lajong continued to press but couldn't get enough chances and the game came to the end of the first half.
NOTE –  633.
When I reached Assam, everything changed, when I reached UP, Bihar, Delhi, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, West Bengal and all the other parts of India, I didn't find anything that could show that we have connections with other communities of India.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the UDP, Nongliput Unit, Airisha Mawlong said that politics is like a marriage job because once you make a mistake, you make a mistake. and they shall be judged.
Shillong, Naitung 15: The Village Administration Bill of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been pending in the office of the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmugana. many weeks that the state government had already sent back after being turned away.
" Niakha said, 'That money is for all ten years.
“The boundary between the districts in Assam has now become the boundary between two states, Assam and Meghalaya...that the problems in the boundary demarcation between the districts have now become problems and the troubles of the two States.
“Whether it is caste, languages ​​we speak, places we come from, gods we worship, those who are the sons of Bharat matta are Hindus,” he said.
The KSU has recommended that Dharmendra appoint Sherwin May Sungoh as the new Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hills University (NEHU). , as appropriate to take over the job.
Almost all the chiefs from the various Himas affected by the first demarcation attended the meeting.
This is called “Accountability” or an accounting by the MLA of what he has done in the five years he has been 'leading' the people of the constituency.
Furthermore, all 1607 factories registered in Delhi have been transferred to PNG," he added.
Speaking to media, the Spokesperson of the State Government, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the Urban Affairs Department in this presentation has proposed to build skywalks, flyovers, pipelines and other infrastructure. for the sake of bringing about the destruction of the city.
The State Level Under-12 Football Tournament 2023, organized by the Sports Department of the State Government, started on Tuesday at the SAI Training Center with the participation of teams from various districts of the State. State.
These MLAs include two HSPDP MLAs Shakliar Warjri and Methodius Dkhar, two independent MLAs Remington Gabil Momin from Rambrai Jyrngam and Kartush R Marak from Baghmara constituency. The NPP has fully supported the formation of a new government in the state.
"Bah Bor said, 'I'll call you to the house,' she said.
Those who heard her did not listen to what she had to say.
Yobiang Bamon 45' and Pynchngain Phawa 49' scored the goals for Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu. The Third Division match on the 10th July will be between Tympang Club vs Madankynsaw Mookyndeng at 10.30 am At 12.00 pm, Mukhla Umlangshor will face Da i Mynsngat at 2.00 pm.
It is surprising that even the Government does not know when and how that 13 metric tonnes of coal has been lost.
“God has given us a beautiful nature everywhere and it is up to the management and use of the people how to implement it,” said Bah Rymbui.
The first thing that these government officials have introduced is the training of government officials in several districts of Andhra Pradesh.
He said that while the Congress does not respect him anymore, the NPP still respects him for what he has contributed to the state and for his past experience in politics and in the country. the rule of law is all over you.
Conrad K Sangma said that both the banks have promised to serve the people even at this time when there is no Yes Bank.
At the same time, allegations will not be made without facts.
Also present at the meeting was Rovilatuo Mor, Commissioner of Nagaland, who said that the road blockade in the transportation of goods to Nagaland has been discussed between the two states and the government authorities. , are going over the issue, to see that the work is never disrupted.
For the newly emerging candidates, the questions they should ask will be what shortcomings the MLA/MDC has that encourages them to contest.
However, Bah Sutnga said that the ban on trucks will not affect schools, private vehicles and offices as the protest will be held in a peaceful manner and it is only a request to support them. .
The meeting was conducted by the District Program Coordinator DTC, Pynkhreh Bhalang Susngi.
The aim and objective of the scheme is to support and provide protection and assistance to children in a proper manner so that they do not lose their rights as children from health, financial assistance for education, accommodation, food and drink until they reach the age of 23 to continue their higher education.
“It is not a violation of the powers of the district councils but we will fulfill it as a legislator,” he said.
Anyone who sees Sagar Thakuri is kindly requested to inform the relatives of Sagar Thakuri by telephone on
It was only last year that the State Government through the Labor Commissioner's Office launched the Chief Minister's Relief Against Wage Loss Scheme (CRAWL) to provide assistance to workers, employees and others. who shall not be ashamed in the time of trouble.
Likewise, each match will be a tougher and higher match between the teams, along with the teams will compete for the two places in the ICC Men's Cricket World Cup 2023 by giving them the title. The group has won nine matches in the biggest cricket tournament to be held in India.
The world celebrates this day because Jesus died and rose again.
He said if the Assam government does not listen to the demand of the union, the union will demand from the Indian government to punish these policemen.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor said that the people of the constituency should be an example to other people of the state in the implementation of development projects where the land owners do not give their land. to implement development projects for the future generation.
Speaking to media, u Bah Renikton expressed his concern regarding this bridge and said that this bridge is very important for the people of the area to but as of now, this bridge is still on one side of the bridge, while the other side has not been built.
Of course, tragic events have already happened and we cannot change the past.
It is also learned that there is a rent of houses for those buildings which have been illegally built by the people who live there and they used to park their vehicles on the road leading to Umpling area which has affected the traffic. especially during school and office hours.
And it came to pass, when the sons of Jesse were come, that he looked on Eliab, and said, Surely the LORD's anointed is before him.
He said that according to the Ministry of Finance, the state governments should release the money to the district councils and if they cannot do so within these days, the state governments will have to pay the amount. you are the district council.
Vision Support 572 (9x); 3.
This ATM is located in Morcha Pde.
Instead of protecting the people, the MP protects the companies, there is a great danger of getting such leaders.
Shillong, Naitung 02: The Women's League, which used to be played at the Third Ground, Polo, will resume today.
However, in the midst of the crisis that the Khasi language is on the decline, the media has perhaps taken its responsibility to leave a heavy responsibility for the preservation of the language.
The Government has not yet been able to implement Rule 2 of Section 11 of the Meghalaya School Education Act, 1981 which states that the remuneration of teachers in private schools shall be be in accordance with the directions of the Government from time to time'
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem expressed his gratitude to the founders of “Ginin Ïaikynjoh Music School Rangthong” for being able to hold such a competition despite many difficulties. their ways.
Ma Singh Mulieh is the third of four children of Woh (L) Son Dhar and Men (L) Lakhi Mulieh.
So it is time to choose Eternity without delay “for man that is born of man is short-lived.
He said that the state has a lot of siej and the siej is not only used for the production of paper but can also be used for the production of electricity. Bio Energy, through this initiative, said that many youths can be employed.
Shillong: A day after a group of elephants damaged two houses in South West Khasi Hills, another group of elephants damaged a house in Rajai under Ranikor Sub. -division of South West Khasi Hills and this village is close to the border of Bangladesh.
The Government of Nagaland has now built a paper factory to use the trees growing in the Naga Hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The State Government has lifted the ban on setting up liquor shops on the road from a distance of 500 meters to zero metres.
“For he shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing in heaven, and shall establish his kingdom here on earth” (2 Timothy 4:1).
Sikkim needed to score 331 runs to win and they still had time to do so but they didn't have long to beat Meghalaya.
He said that the MLA has already delivered the foodgrains since last month to all the Rangbah Shnongs and Village Authorities in their respective villages in the constituency.
During the elections, it is the time of dismissal of different candidates and a little mistake can defeat the election completely and this incident, it is only due to the wrong brake, the driver, said. The Minister of State, who is also a candidate for the election.
Nongpoh MLA Mayral Born Syiem was the chief guest and MDC Balajied Rani was the chief guest.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah George V. Lyngdoh, Joint Mission Director, SRES, spoke on the progress of the MGNREGS scheme in the state which has been implemented for 40 years. The number of households registered under this scheme has reached 4.96 lakh, households and VECs have registered 6251 and the budget implemented has reached Rs 3059.05 crore. totaled 65922 projects.
The High Court has criticized the High Level Scrutiny Committee for not conducting the proper scrutiny of the candidates who have passed the teacher examination. or judge unselected candidates.
This allegation came in the Legislative Assembly during the debate of a motion on the drug trafficking in the State.
Requesting to upgrade the PHC, the MLA said that there is a good reason for it to be upgraded, one of the reasons is that there is not a single CHC in Khad-ar village. Laitkroh Block but there are only PHCs and Sub-Centres and another PHC has been in operation for 25 years.
Referring to the fish farming industry and the number of ponds in the district, it cannot be said that if all the owners of fish ponds are trained and experienced in the field of income generation, the West Khasi Hills District Hills may be one of the districts, which can produce a lot of fish for sale in the market.
These houses, which had 5 wooden houses and in these 5 houses, had 10 rooms, which were built in such a way as to be in accordance with the present era and also which were in accordance with the and other hotels in the state.
Beloved, are our churches really the dwelling place of God? If they are, it means that there are tens of billions of gods.
He was also ready to express his views but suggested that it should be done in the presence of the media and the audience.
He also urged the Dorbar Shnongs to be vigilant to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the area at such a time.
“Although the Vice Chancellor has mentioned the benefits of the implementation of the NEP, there has been no explanation on the challenges,” said Bah Rani. The MCTA, which is committed to working for the betterment of education and looking forward to constructive and fruitful discussions, has taken a decision at an emergency EEC meeting from the part of accepting this invitation.
Matthew 7:7.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 12: Members of the District Health Society (DHS) West Khasi Hills District today held a meeting for the first time with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes. , in the presence of the EAC of Mawshynrut and the BDO of Nongstoin, at the conference hall of the DC office.
From the statement of the Prime Minister, it is understood that the Central Government has not set any requirements for languages ​​to be included in the Constitution or to be recognized in the Constitution of the country.
"Most of the cases have been found in many cities like Mumbai, Thane, Pune, Sangli, Kolhapur and Aurangabad," Sawant said.
“This CHC has been serving for decades but it has only two doctors without a specialist,” said Bah Sumer.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that they have talked to the Central Government to allocate funds for the construction of the eight lane road from Khanapara to Byrnihat and the four lane road. or from Umroi to Jaintia Hills to facilitate traffic and reduce traffic jam.
In 2019, Thakur also claimed that the cow's milk had cured her of the disease in her body and that the disease in the shadem had cured her. jem syndon, only by your drinking, by your milk.
Banisha had already put a glass of dihum and a jug of water in the living room.
The increase in the number of ST fighters is due to the fact that many school children, even those who are still studying in primary classes, have to get ST certificates when fighting for baibam.
In an announcement today, the PWD Department through the Chief Engineer (Roads) has called a tender for the allocation of Rs 1,5,985,500 (one crore fifty nine lakh fifty five thousand five hundred) for the RIDF-XXIV.Ha scheme. The tender was divided into seven groups with an allocation of T.26,64,250 lakh each.
At the meeting, the Rangbah Shnong of Pynthorumkhrah Golflink, Bah Michael Hek, in an interview with the MLA, said that if it is run by the Tourism Department, the Dorbar Shnong will cooperate. The Shillong Golf Club will be opposed by the Dorbar Shnong as it will be the only source of income for the Club.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Ymbon also expressed the importance of strengthening cooperation for the improvement of income and economic development.
The Seng also honored Bah Josper S Dura who is the first graduate from Nongshken and Kong Experience Dkhar who is the first graduate of Post Graduate from Nongshken.
The Amendment to the Companies Act is illegal.
In Ribhoi, there are 34 cases, 2 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 11 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in South Garo Hills, 1 case in South West Garo Hills, 1 case in East Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
Tableaux were also brought from 15 government departments of the District which showed their achievements in their work.
U Bah Harkin strongly criticized the NPP candidate who alleged that the absence of Bah Harkin as Sordar at the meeting held on 13th July, 2023 at the village was a mistake. you're shiliang face.
And such a woman was known as a slow-moving and slow-moving woman.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District (EKH) today announced that liquor shops will be open on the 1st and 2nd July 2020 from 9 am to 4 pm. In the evening, according to the children's btah, the district.
The state has qualified for the final of the Santosh Trophy in
Many religious leaders have spoken or written against US President Donald Trump.
Explaining about the CM Connect Programme, Sangma said that the CM-CONNECT is registered under the helpline number 1971 and is now operational. of them every day.
Khasi actor Keebor Kurbah Marangbah and actress Sherilin Khongwar took part in the competition.
Now in Meghalaya, corruption has become a common practice and those who are corrupt have no knowledge and are no longer afraid to do so.
It also demanded the implementation of UNDRIP to protect indigenous peoples as resolved by the United Nations.
Rulers who deny responsibility cannot sit on the throne and if they deny or neglect the people it is as if they invite chaos to spread in society.
On the occasion, the opposition MLAs of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) were accompanied by Bah HM Shangpliang as a sign that he too will support the party. by Raptor Murmu.
The Principal said that the school has already submitted many letters to the government to look into the matter but the government will come only once in 2023 to inspect. The hostel is no longer available for repair.
“The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized 755 vehicles and two wheelers with homemade lights and fined T.7,68,900 lakh. only until May, 2023," the statement said.
The head and the working force from head to toe should be truly smooth and orderly.
After that, Bah Hek at the request of the President of the party had to write a letter and had to approve it in the name of Bah Mawrie,” said Bah Shangpliang.
In another development, East Jaintia Hills Police have also arrested two illegal coal trucks passing in front of Khliehriat Police Station.
If no one else broke the law, there would be no need for a police department.
Shillong: The residents of the Dorbar Pyllun of Hynniew Shnong today came to express their disapproval of the decision to recognize Bah Livingstone Mylliem as the interim Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem. Lumrit village.
Therefore, the involvement of people in the shrip ka apot makes us wonder what this is, and why it happens.
One vote is invalid or rejected.
Garodubi Higher Sec.School, Rajabala PO., West Garo Hills, Jawahar Novodaya Vidyalaya, Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills.
How sweet and sweet is the shisha ! What we paid voters have been suffering for 45 years now is the corruption, discrimination, corruption, selfishness without looking after or helping the poor, the small and the rich. , that thap that dab, paidknup paidtrap.
These 17 households have been selected from Mawpat, Oakland Bivar Road, Keating Road, Mawlai and Polo. Superintendent of Police (SP) East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, while speaking as the chief guest at the distribution ceremony, said that the celebration of Christmas does not mean that It's not just about buying new clothes, or buying cakes, but it's about celebrating and celebrating by giving each other help.
It is on this occasion that various Dorbar Shnongs in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia have taken the initiative to set up Community Quarantine Centers in each village for the purpose of providing temporary accommodation to the residents. who came from outside the state.
The body was first found by some people passing by the area at about 3:00 PM on the 4th July. They informed the Ksehkohlong Village Authority and the police. The villagers immediately informed the police.
He said that it is useless to celebrate this day if we don't follow in his footsteps and to follow in his footsteps is that if you are in any field of work to fulfill your duty properly. was appointed.
:Agatha K Sangma, MP from Tura, left for South Garo Hills on Tuesday and became the Chairperson of the District Development Committee (DISHA) at the New Circuit House. Conference Hall in Baghmara.
