She urged these children to be humble, obedient and ambitious in life so that they can reach the goal of victory.
Although the Syiem is not directly involved, it cannot be said that all these things were done on his orders,” said Bah Kharbangar and other elders.
The Chief Minister said that the central government needs to turn its attention to this issue to extend the network to the border.
Rice under NFSA and Non-NFSA regular quota will be distributed at the scale of 35 kgs per card at the rate of Rs.3/- per kg for AAY, 5 kgs per head at the rate of Rs.3/- per kg for PHH and for non-NFSA at the scale of 7.215 kgs per household at the rate of Rs.12.70/- to Rs.13/- per kg.
He said that the union in talks with the traffic police admitted that they have received orders from the higher authorities to release only one by one and not at the same time.
And time will tell that itself.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) through this statement informs the residents of the area that the protest by sleeping in the middle of the NH-6, Khliehriat will continue as announced. on the 25th of this month.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, the screening has lasted until late at night, which has caused anger among many.
In the second leg, Khlieh Shnong Football Club beat Sohbir FC 2-1
“Your rally today is a voice to say that once again we will protect the independent rule of law and we will not be overwhelmed by those selfish people who want to destroy the freedom of the country. the bureaucracy,” said Angela Rngad.
The Prague Cine Awards, 2024, North East India was held in Jorhat, Assam on Thursday with the participation of filmmakers, filmmakers, actors and actresses from all over the North East. .
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today announced the release of the NFSA Ration for the month of January 2023 at Khliehriat.
He added that in the last two years, other countries in the world have been affected by the pandemic and income has declined but India has not been affected at all. .
The HSPDP currently has three MDCs and all three MDCs have been confirmed to contest in 2018. They are Teilinia Thangkhiew from Mylliem, Samlin Malngiang from Sohiong and Blanding Warjri from Mawthadraishan. .
Kimfa S Marbaniang said that the State Government has set up a High Level Committee since July 2018 but the report has not been received yet. In the dorbar, the opposition leaders have asked the Government in power how it has handled this issue in relation to the metor area and the answer is that it is too late. but that statement is exactly like waiting for a beautiful new movie to be released but they have just released a trailer and at the end of that statement there is a writing that He said that it will be released soon and this action of the Government has angered and upset the people who have been waiting for the report on this.
In the first innings, Meghalaya were bowled out for 111 runs while Hyderabad were tied for 182/4
In the final match of the men's category, Them Rangskhen Area Coaching Camp beat Mawphlang 1-0
One family said that they lost all their belongings, except for some necessities, because the earthquake destroyed their house.
Jowai, Naiwieng 28: The Addl.Deputy Commissioner, Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District in a statement said that the Meghalaya government has announced that the land with an area of ​​3952.38 sq. km. meters will be needed in Amlarem village for the needs of the people, to set up a Sub-Fire Service Station along the surrounding boundaries.
She spoke about the times before the JJM and said that this scheme has ended the problems of drawing water from one well.
The government constantly says stand in line.
Shillong: The Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra, has distributed 25 kilos of rice and 5 kilos of dai to 200 households in Namdong area, including Namdong Village. – B, Madanrtiang, Mukhnang, Thadmukoh, Kremmyrsiang, Ladmyngngor and Sanaro, on 18th July
Syngkli has been playing as a center back since his debut but on that day he played chess.
TMC Mylliem Block President Charles Pyngrope welcomed Gilbert to the party in the presence of TMC Mylliem Block Vice President James Lyngdoh and TMC Mylliem Block President Samuel Hashah.
We have seen in the pictures on our mobile phones how the legislators of Mizoram have encouraged the local police to strengthen their position when non-Assamese authorities try to cross the border. .
The meeting of the political parties with the CEC is part of the preparatory meeting for the MLA elections 2018 to ensure that it will be a clean election which everyone will accept without any complaints as in the past. .
Therefore, these illegal activities not only harass the consumers, but also pay the electricity bill which they tell the consumers.
For more information, please call
Adelbert said that KHNAM does not want to look for a candidate in a hurry but wants to do it quickly because it wants to look for a person who will not leave after a day or two.
But just to gain power, he will kill those who are stronger or wiser than him, or who oppose him, even if they are his relatives or have nothing to do with him (Nongsynshar Donbor). /Power-Mad/Dictator).
All vehicles are prohibited from parking on highways or village roads during the total lockdown.
It was also decided that these two schemes implemented by the State Government will be paid to the ASHA workers until October,
Kamsing village is located on the border with Bangladesh and is the polling station with the fewest number of voters in Meghalaya. .
Nongpoh: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today seized two auto rickshaws (Auto Truck) along with five foreigners from Assam, who had entered the country. The state has not yet passed through the COVID-19 Screening Check Point at Byrnihat.
Although it is not known in what form it has taken place, it is understood that preparations are in full swing between the BJP leaders and the Catholic Church leaders to take over the leadership at various levels in the country. BJP party in the state.
“I don't have any intention to join other parties.
The opening ceremony was attended by Shitmon Pdang, Public Prosecutor, District Session Court, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Waheh Shnongs, local leaders, office bearers and members of EJHDFA. (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit on Tuesday honored Rukini Dkhar at her residence after winning the silver medal in the U-14 Girls' 600 m Race. The 34th East Zone Champion 2023 tournament was held in West Bengal recently.
Prestone Tynsong, said that after the survey, it was found that Ri Bhoi district is ready to treat those who have been infected with COVID-1 Ventilator and oxygen supplies are still adequate and ready in case of emergency.
Speaking to media, Mawrie said the letter has already been submitted to the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister will give an explanation when he returns from Delhi.
The service was conducted by the Pastor incharge of the Church, Rev.K.Syiemlieh.
Regarding this issue, the reporters also spoke to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, who said that the reason why the opposition is angry is because the issue has not been raised. The brother of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, and it was because of a personal loss that he disrupted the Dorbar.
Chutwakhu's goal was scored by Rilangki Lyngdoh in the 67th minute.
The court said it is sad to know that the orders of the SC and NGT have been ignored by the state government and the court has taken action on this.
“The State will also have to take responsibility for all the treatment of the survivors free of charge, which will be equivalent to the rank of Grade-II officer of the State for the next 20 years,” she said. Court.
“It is surprising that even if it is run by government departments like IB Soil and Circuit House, all these are running smoothly.
Seraph said that it is necessary to pass a law to allocate funds through the Corpus Fund to all the Dorbar Shnongs for the implementation of development works in each village.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung 21: The Mary Help of Christians Mawthong Parish has conducted a Leadership Training on the theme, 'There is a shortage of workers in the field'
He said that the department has already proposed to set up a Sub Divisional in Riangdo along with the SDO and also to increase the number of employees of the department so that they can dismiss and give. He said that the lack of electricity supply to more than 200 villages in Mawshynrut Block is the reason for the difficulty in providing electricity.
The CEO later clarified that this is an instruction to the officers to prepare and the date has not been confirmed yet.
Civic and political education should be given due attention to the needs of the people so that the citizens can fully understand and participate in the that politician.
This obedience was evidently not casual or temporary and was settled fact at the time the boundary was settled in (1876 – 77), resulting the non-existence of the state government to received default to allegiance from its subjects as require by International Law.
“For 40 years, I have been treating people, but I have never seen such a terrible incident, where patients die on the road.
However, there are still some shortcomings here and there which the government will have to improve because as it is now there are tourist attractions which the Tourism Department should take care to improve and beautify in order to attract tourists. There are many tourists but there is also the ease of doing business.
After scoring three points against Gokulam Kerala FC in the recent match, the team has expressed confidence that they will be able to score three points again in the tournament. Delhi are currently fourth in the table with seven points after winning two and drawing one of four matches. .
It has been approved by the Government of Meghalaya and has been appointed by the Meghalaya Electricity Board.
China's GDP fell by 6.8 percent from July to October 2020, the months when the corona virus was most severe in the country.
But our softness should not be construed as lack of will.
The Mawlai By-pass has been increasingly surprised by the collapse of the Mawlai By-pass.
The match between the two teams was very friendly from the start to the end of the first half and the score was 1-1 Pyntgen Nongrum scored the third goal in the 44th minute, but YBSC Shella scored the third goal through Brilliant Chyne in the 50th minute.
Nongpoh, Nailar 8: To prevent and curb illegal mining along the National Highway-6 in Ri Bhoi District, the District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District today issued a rule. 144 CrPC, which prohibits the excavation of land along the National Highway-6
However, keeping and caring for Ksew at home is very beneficial to us and recent research has found that many people who keep and care for Ksew at home are more free from mental stress by spending time with them.
Those who are facing the problem are especially the school children and the poor, besides having to pay the bill light every month if they don't use it, they still have to buy light bulbs. MeECl has not taken action in Amlarem.
Shillong, Lber 17: The implementation of the Shillong Greater Water Supply Scheme Phase-3 has failed due to the target of completion by
He said that the number of survivors has reached 1400, but when we count the death toll from the 1400 households, it reaches about 8400 people.
Apparently, this modern English word was called in the 11th century "Cristes Maesse"; in the 12th century "Cristes-messe"
Therefore, before I conclude, I request the government not to hold a sacrifice for us the distributors in front of you and in front of the beneficiaries.
She announced the curfew as a sign of protest against the celebration of Republic Day by the Government of India. against the special day of the Government of India.
Does the Lyngdoh Mawnai clan have a kur relationship with anyone? Does the Marweiñ clan have a kur relationship with no and no??
He said that when his leaders went to Mawhati to campaign for his son, the people of Mawhati asked how the road in Umroi constituency is, is it bad like the Mawhati road? He said that the answer they gave to the people of Mawhati is that in Umroi constituency even the cows cannot walk on the dirt road. “It's a road,” said Ngaitlang Dhar.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 21: The Raidmynsaw Secondary School was established by the elders of different villages in Langpih area in 2017 but has grown rapidly in all aspects.
She also explained in detail about the use of bio agents and bio pesticides such as Trichoderma, Beauveria, Trichogramma species and other preventive measures.
Jowai, Nailur 15: One of the government colleges in Jaintia Hills District which has provided services in the field of education for the future of the students, Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Shillong, Nailur 25: After eight months of disappearance, police have rescued a young woman who was kidnapped by robbers from Guwahati.
The CSWO was concerned that the perpetrator would not be arrested after he received bail which expired on 3rd January 2016, when there was no court order issued to the police.
Therefore, the Search Committee should not end only when the Chairperson and new members of the MSCW are appointed. Therefore, Bah Paul said that within six months, the Search Committee is expected to send its report. The MSCW has no Chairperson after Phidalia Toi is no longer the Chairperson of the Commission.
This Land Bill does not protect the land.
Pyniaid said this while talking to media after the opening of the two-day Special Session of the KHADC on Thursday. The election will be held in 2024 and the Bill to amend the 6th Schedule has not yet been introduced.
“The players have said that at the moment there is no time to adapt to a new coach.
Deepika, who has acted in films like Padmaavat, Chennai Express, Om Shanti Om, Love Aajkal and others, doesn't have any regrets about her refusal to act in Fast and Furious Bollywood films are necessary and have made it what it is today.
The report was received by the officials of the government department, sent by the DC, on the condition of the park.
Speaking at the Software Technology Park in Shillong, the Minister also stressed the need for digital skills after the Covid-19 pandemic, due to the digital transformation of goods, services and equipment. has continued to grow worldwide.
However, this Government has done something which I appreciate but I cannot say whether it has taken the right or wrong path but they have done something else”.
He said that not only does he employ four people but he also trains at least 20 other youths who want to learn how to do this job.
Therefore, the union has expelled once some of these foreigners who came to steal the property of our paradoh prasnam and the union is pleased to say and understand that the union itself does not allow the authorities every day. to steal the livelihood of our brothers and sisters.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, today said that he has left for Brazil to watch the final of the FIFA World Cup between Germany and Argentina on Monday.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawthawtieng, Bah Lamphrang Nongrum, expressed his regret that the deterioration of the road has caused problems to the people, especially to the sick.
However, it depends on the hard work of those who cannot explain, but according to the answer of the leaders, even Prof Lakhon Kma has been excluded only from some areas where he has been able to preach, because during the investigation. From other parts of the state, there are still many who do not know about these men to contest as MP candidates. The NEHU salonsari, he is also able to raise strong voices in front of the opposition candidates.
The ICCR has worked hard to promote the kaitor and barikor from the region to promote their various cultures to the world.
I don't believe why the police didn't try to inform me and I suspect that there is something behind this incident,” she said.
Don't let the wrong way of thinking destroy the culture of the people.
Where they got the land, where they bought it, who gave them permission, we don't know.
The office bearers of the various units of HANM are as follows: Bakur Unit President Keepmewll Lamin, Vice President Nickson Lamin, General Secretary Schefer Pohlong, Asst General Secretary Khrawbok Khonglah, Sport Secretary Salvit Tongper; Asst.Sport Secretary Bijoy Surong, Finance Secretary Cardinal Talang, Publicity Secretary Lickery Lamin and 10 Executive Members.
He said that from now on, the examinations related to the state should be held in Shillong, “so that our people can prepare easily and the roads will be open freely”.
Dr. Marbait 8
On hearing of the accident, the residents rushed to the Civil Hospital, but due to the severity of the injuries, the youth died on the ground. earth.
Palong, on the other hand, is the one who increases the ability to think.
The reporter tried to talk to him in such a way so that it would be clear and all the people would know the truth on what basis he was cut his salary. For more than 50 years, he refused to speak, saying that he did not want to speak, because there were many others.
Furthermore, what has angered the union is that there are many Dkhars who come to the market to drink kyiad sadhai every day while the Syiem Police and the Sot Police, are watching without doing anything.
Nepal's Prime Minister Sushil Koirala said the death toll could rise to more than 10,000, admitting that 7,500 people were seriously injured and missing.
“It is a sad incident that even the Central Government Hospital which has received the status of Center of Excellence has not been able to save the lives of people.
Shillong, June 30: The monthly radio program of the Prime Minister 'Mann Ki Baat' has reached its 100th episode on Sunday.
The four deceased include three boys and one girl.
Because I believe that it can endanger my father, I request that you take immediate action to rescue him.
Since the outbreak of Covid 19, the government has already warned that there will be another lockdown... We all know that it will happen.
The union has also sent a letter to the VC of the university requesting him to dismiss the teacher. The VC through Prof. Manmohan Singh has requested the students to wait for the teacher. investigation report.
The PHE Minister also laid the foundation stone for the Khliehtyrshi Combined Water Supply Scheme and Mihmyntdu Water Supply Scheme funded through the Jal Jeevan Mission at a cost of Rs 24,35,10,000 crore and Rs 32,33,78,000 crore respectively.
After that, he continued and wrote about 600, 700 articles to date.
We extend our heartfelt condolences to the family of the deceased and will do our utmost to provide support for them.
Meanwhile, Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA, laid the foundation stone in the presence of Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, MSOA member, AMKA office bearers and others.
In another match, which was not affected by the rain, NGH started batting first and set a target of 148 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 35 overs.
Lead him....
Condemning the incident, Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM Ri Bhoi, said that the incident against the poor woman shows that the staff in the health centres, treat the people with contempt. who are from the villages of Nongkyndong.
The song is composed by Mookhuri, Head DOP is Elvis Teron and Assistant DOP is Batei Kharmyndai.
Bah Nongtraw also questioned the police who did not do anything despite the fact that the people had lodged a complaint when they were harassed by these people.
In the first leg, Dilingiem YSCWA and Lumpyngngad SC shared 10 points after failing to score until the end of the match.
The decision by the Chief Minister of Punjab to start fighting corruption from the Cabinet has prompted the people of Punjab and India as a whole to applaud and praise Mann.
Due to the lack of information according to the complaint of the KKHA on the allegation of Benami Khasi women selling in Iewduh, the KHADC and the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem have conducted a raid at Basa dei Kot and Enforcement has been sent to complete the inspection inside the market and in this inspection the KHADC has closed down four shops which have not renewed their licences.
A total of 46 prisoners and 43 staff in Delhi jails have tested positive for covid-19, the statement said today.
“The Uruguayan players are strong and they work hard.
The problem of students nowadays is very difficult to do online classes. There are students who don't have android phones and especially in rural areas where there is no network. How do you live in Khapsor? Besides, you don't have a car to travel to Shillong.
Earlier, in the evening, speaking to reporters, Dr A War, said that the reason for not accepting the mother, is because they have doubts, whether she has covid and then that the quarantine rooms, too, were full, of which there were five.
NEDA Convenor Himanta Biswa Sarma has made it clear that all the parties under the umbrella of NEDA and National Democratic Alliance (NDA) will not join hands with others. There are no other parties to form a government with the Congress or the Trinamool Congress but it should not be between the parties and the NEDA or NDA. The BJP has not yet announced who will be the Chief Minister of Meghalaya but is waiting to see how many seats the BJP will win in the state before taking a decision. on this.
“Their demand is for 200 sq. meters of land and T20 lakh for each unit.
Furthermore, the woman said that the water also turned color when she poured the ICDS shira. She said that the water turned iong colour. journalist who witnessed the blue scent coming out of him.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner, Supply, West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the ration of the NFSA, 2013 for the month of November 2022 (Regular Quota), has been released to the public. through dealers to AAY, PHH and NON-NFSA households (TIDE OVER).
“The Governor instead, if he doesn't agree, he sends it to the Home Ministry.
On the ruling side, SG Esmatur Momini, Lambor Malngiang, Samlin Malngiang, Saleng A Sangma, Gavin Michael Mylliengngap, Rakkam A Sangma, Nujorki Syngoh and Sanbor Shullai spoke in support of the government. .
After the treatment, the patient no longer had TMJ disease and was able to open and close her mouth properly.
The Youth and Women Department was also confirmed on this occasion.
The Central Government has issued the rule after the Supreme Court's appeal by Gauri Maulekhi against the Central Government.
Nongpoh, Lber 05: The expectation of many youths of Ri-Bhoi District to get a good stadium has come true after the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today laid the foundation stone of the stadium. The Artificial Turf Ground in Umbuda has been donated by the village for the benefit of the youth.
When Rupang visited the Umkaliar River, it was found that the river has been filled with garbage after the KHADC officials have cleaned it.
On the day of the Minister's visit to the airport, it was reported that he received a detailed explanation on the issues related to the progress of the works to be carried out. The project, the challenges faced in the implementation of the project as well as the issues related to the timing of the completion of the airport.
The road is 1.20 km long and has been constructed at a cost of T.1.10 crore.
Today, the Congress has won a glorious victory only in Telangana while in other states, it has been defeated by the BJP. government in Delhi next year.
But he could not find a place to stay.
He said he is determined to bring about change in Rambrai Constituency, including the Khasi and Garo people.
Robert said that this is not a new demand, but to remind the government that the same demand has already been submitted to the former Prime Minister. Dr Mukul Sangma and the present government led by Conrad K Sangma.
I went to Jail Raid and found that there were many teachers, I went to Oakland, I went to Jaïaw, Mawkhar, Nongmali.
The Dolloi have already responded to the complaints of the dewbilat companies and the Jaintia District Council as well, but the JHADC has not yet responded to the complaints of the dewbilat companies. This case and it is on this subject that the court cannot give a final decision on the case.
of Meghalaya.
The policeman who was on duty when he saw the robbers who tried to escape, opened fire in the air as a warning but this did not frighten them at all as their goal was to escape from the jail.
Therefore, the Jirang MLA urged the SHGs and VOs to be united in order to work for the welfare of the community and especially to work for the development of the community. to the Longkmie brothers in different villages.
It is too high a price for a small state like Meghalaya,” said Shah.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village, Siberen Sumer, said that the storm lasted for only 2 or 3 minutes.
Speaking to reporters, Samuel Sangma said he has severed his relationship with the UDP which he joined as an associate member and now the term has expired and that is why he has taken this decision. .
Shillong, June 20: People from different constituencies of Ri-Bhoi District today turned out to cast their votes for the election of the Leaders of the Legislative Assembly in Parliament. to stand in line at different Polling Stations.
The meeting decided to lodge a review petition with the JHADC against the decision of the Supreme Court and also to demand from the State Government to immediately formulate a mining policy. open the way for the people to mine coal.
The allegation that the rice seized by the Assam police is from the NSFA and the distribution from the COVID-19 fund is untrue, as the Meghalaya government has already withdrawn the rice for July. Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Navy and other teams have been working day and night to recover the mine at Umpleng village. don't take away the people who are stuck in this park.
“These are not HNLC officials but central government officials from Delhi who have been authorized to meet with HNLC leaders to move forward with the peace talks”.
I will have to vote for MP and I want everyone to vote because this will show the power of the people.
He said that only those who have submitted their marksheets from SSLC and HSSLC, Graduate, Master, Professional Course including MBBS, Lawyer, Engineering and others will be awarded.
Money is very important at this time and will continue to be needed in the future, while the preparation is to get rid of this disease.
Knowledge and understanding is not only in those who have it because God gives equal opportunities to all whether they are rich or poor. ?.
He said some of the projects include Laitumkhrah Market, Polo Market, Smart Road and others.
There are 9 schools under the Pasadwar Cluster including 6 Lower Primary Schools and 3 Upper Primary Schools.
The granting of statehood depends on the Government of India, not on the State Government and the protest should be in such a way as to convince the Government of India to grant statehood.
The 108 vehicle took seven of the injured to Shillong Civil Hospital, where three of them have been discharged while three others are in hospital.
Regarding the fertilizers, the government has distributed fertilizers without testing the soil of the farmers whether these fertilizers are suitable for the farmer's land.
Shillong, July 12 : The National People's Party (NPP) will file a complaint with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh against the MLA within the next few days. Benedict R Marak of Raksamgre Constituency on his anti-party activities.
We strongly condemn such attack by the police especially against the one who has surrendered since 18th October 2018 at a meeting organized by the Meghalaya Police.
There are two groups of workers in the iPhone, called P1 and P2, and they should share their respective duties to make the phone work well.
Speaking to media, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that the inspection or visit to the Screening Center at 13mer, was on the basis of knowing the truth about the Screening Center and at the same time. It is also a sign of special thanks to the government employees, who have worked hard in this area, for the benefit of the people in the state as a whole.
Where else can they dream of farming?" said the neighbour.
“The question arises as to why people are losing faith in the police department.
Ryntih Marap scored the first goal for Lapalang SC in the 80th minute, while Gabriel Iacias scored the second goal for Gorkha Association in the 14th and 66th minutes.
A young woman, who was walking in Kabul, said she and her friends were threatened by the attackers while they were walking around. They said that they had disregarded the religion of Islam and they were sympathized with and shot by these terrorists.
The complaint was filed by Pawan Sharma.
After explaining the purpose of the Revolution, the Lama and Emblem of the Revolution were launched by a Rangbah who has joined the Revolution and retired from the Government named Bah Rang Kharduit. On the other hand, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Convener Revolution, Protect the Country, explained that the right hand supports the revolution, the left hand supports the Hynniewtrep people.
This is why we are in the state now.
I'll ask you inside,” said the mother.
The funeral service for the remains of Bah Ronal will be held on the 24th of this month at the Presbyterian Church Nongpyndeng at 2.30 pm.
Your great contribution to the field of reading, writing and music has been announced by the synrop of artists who wish to honor you with the Khusnam Kynsai Kordor
When asked whether the meeting to resolve the issues within the ARPA could be to announce his resignation, Ardent said, “I will announce on that day, and I have many things. to speak to the people".
“But Thomas Jones stood firm and when his enemies pursued him, he had to flee to Kolkata and die there.
He said that out of the four Municipalities in Meghalaya, there are 1800 full-time employees and 250 are full time employees of the Municipalities.
Welcoming the suggestion of the Meghalaya Koch Association to promote the indigenous languages ​​such as Koch, Hajong among others instead of Assamese and Bengali, the Minister said, “Even in the rules of procedure of the New Education Policy stated that it is necessary to recognize and promote the languages ​​of the indigenous peoples, with the view that this will further enrich the indigenous languages ​​of India”. to the Koch Association to achieve this goal.
“The Hima requests the leaders who have promised to protect the residents from any suffering, so with humility the Hima requests the government to act as soon as possible. because your help after death will not be of any use,” said Babu Birbor.
Mansi Anand (3/24) and Sistilin Ryntathiang (3/32) took three wickets each for Meghalaya, while Rubi Chetri (2/11), Abizer K Syiem (1/2) and Neelam Roy (1/20) took three wickets each. ) three bowlers who took wickets.
He also expressed his hope to resolve this issue and differences of opinion through dialogue and mutual trust.
Therefore, many people say that the time has passed too fast and it is not understood that the hours have become only 12 hours from the 24 hours a day.
The Rotary Club of Jowai also honored Rtn.
Increased blood pressure can also lead to increased anxiety.
It is true that this place falls under my constituency, but I don't allow it,” said Bah Adelbert.
Meanwhile, Minister Kharlukhi said that if the government still intends to build another bridge instead of the Motphran Bridge, the Mylliem Hima will be ready to join hands.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 03: The market for synsar farmers from all over the West Khasi Hills District has started to slow down. The part of the export to other places has been sent to the villages to bargain.
After Nokma came out, the robbers said that he had to go with them and after that they took him away and before they took him away, they also asked for the phone number of his son. They said that they will kill her and threatened her that she should not tell anyone about the incident and if she does not believe she will face trouble.
Shillong, Naitung 08: A group of stars from all over the world have gathered in Shillong for the three-day Cross-Cultural Identities-A Dialogue through Art. until 8th November, 2022 held at ICSSR-NERC, North Eastern Hill University.
Exodus 4:14.
He said that the state government has sought the approval of the Council for many years and 11 times they have already sent a letter to remind them of this.
“I don't think that if there is no mid-term elections, the prime minister will recognize Nongstoiñ,” he said.
BJP leader AL Hek said the party has decided at its meeting today to contest the elections and as a national party, it has its own The NPP's support for the UDP is its own responsibility.
Shillong, Lber, 08: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) 2.0 candidate Thomas A Sangma has been nominated for the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the ethnic parties have their own vision while the big paid parties have their own vision and objectives.
His excellence and dedication in his work has been a milestone in winning the Mattithaw Award in memory of Crystal Gayle who passed away in
On the other hand, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Thombor Shiwat said that the office will send the resolution to the state government so that the government can resolve the boundary.
Ms Lyngdoh on the occasion of the opening ceremony of the ATM praised the work of the bank to provide better services to the people especially to the people of Laitumkhrah area.
“The JAC has held a meeting with the village leaders of these areas and has decided to lodge a complaint in the court against the Dhar Company which has constructed this road,” he said. added.
The Deputy Commissioner has issued an order in this regard and clarified that according to Section 6(1) of the Indian Coinage Act 2011, it is clear that all coins are legal tender, which means that they are not Therefore, it is ordered that all should accept coins or silver coins including 10 tyngka silver.
On this occasion, Bah Elisha Maring has lodged a complaint with the Nongpoh Police Station to inform about the theft of the truck. to track down these robbers and until now they have not found out where the robbers took the truck.
“Rs 20,000 crore will be received when (the land) is auctioned to Assam.
According to the Minister, there are 61 shops in East Khasi Hills, 10 in West Khasi Hills, 13 in South West Khasi Hills, 31 in Ri Bhoi, 35 in East Jaintia Hills, 26 in West Garo Hills. 53, South Garo Hills 13, North Garo Hills 18, South West Garo Hills 21 and Sohra sub division
If our agriculture grows, these industries will survive.
The shortage of kilos has affected the FPS Dealers of Ration to distribute to the ration recipients.
There are 8,025 confirmed cases and 544 deaths.
The Phareng asked him to give them money, and asked them to send him to talk to the Khasi kings.
Referring to the speeches suggested by the Opposition MDCs, Pangniang said the current EC after the Lyiur Dorbar will call on the Chief Executive Members to resolve their boundaries and to collect their papers and documents.
In the complaint, she said whether the MRDO has been authorized by the government to appoint employees, the names of all the people who have been appointed in the state and whether the government provides financial assistance to the employees. MRDO. Kharshiing also asked whether the MRDO has been authorized to set up an office at Mihmyntdu Mookynphad.
The office bearers of the UDP Raliang include Michael Sayoo, Vice President Rilan Syntem and Ioki Suchiang, Secretary Shemhok Garod, Assistant Secretary Leki Suchiang and Treasurer Lomris Lyngdoh MDC. after.
“It is time for the people of the state to join hands and fight with the government to implement the ILP before they become slaves in their own country because of the involvement of the authorities,” he said. the leaders of the committee.
Don't touch hands".
According to sources, the incident occurred when the Alto 800 collided with the Mahindra Super and one of them was injured. Two persons were injured and two passers-by were seriously injured.
She said that the government has special schemes for the disabled, so she urged the parents that if they have children with disabilities, they should to go to Nodal Hospitals to get Disability Certificate to go to government offices to get assistance from the government.
However, police have received a tip on the suspicion of the death of the child and have decided to conduct an investigation.
“We expected the party to do well but fortunately we won only seven seats,” he said.
In the Under-14 category, Highbornson Muksor of Khliehriat Presbyterian H/S School won the Best Athlete title with 713 points. /S School, Lamyrsiang which scored 514 points.
The group also submitted the same petition to the Minister of Railways, Md Nurul Islam Sujan on 30th July in the presence of Ekbal Rahim, Chief Whip of the Bangladesh Parliament. Amulya Ratan Biswas, Rupak Dutta, Subrata Majumdar Dollar, Hili, Shahinur Reza and Wahedujjaman Bulbul, lawyer of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh.
Despite the reputation, the village still has shortcomings in health care centres, educational institutions and places to connect with other villages.
The festival aims to acknowledge the success of the rapid change in the leadership of women in the marketing of Lakadong shynrai.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority (MSLSA) on Saturday held the National Lok Adalat in all districts of Meghalaya, under the banner of the National Legal Services Authority (NALSA).
The teacher and the union have been surprised by the suspension and have requested an RTI from the JHADC to find out why the teacher was suspended. to all the truths.
On the other hand, Franky L Marwein (7 min), Youngbut Nongbet (23 min) beat South Garo Hills Presbyterian High School 3-0 Denistar Nongrah (45 min).
However, we are the first in corruption,” said Bah Kharkrang. “We are ashamed to say that we are a Christian state.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that DISHAs are not programs of the state government.
In another incident, a woman named Joblin Nongbri gave birth to a daughter inside the 108 while she was being transported from Umsning CHC to Shillong. Sumer.
The pastor said the right thing but the moderator was misled by the powers of darkness.
There are 7 four wheelers and three 8 wheelers to serve this village and other neighboring villages.
Shillong, March 18: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday urged the Dorbar Shnongs and Himas to exercise their powers against the invaders. They should take responsibility , together with the NGOs within the border of Hynniewtrep and especially in those places and Dorbars where they live together with other ethnic groups to be vigilant , monitor and ensure such while the registration of names on the electoral roll is in progress.
He said the time has come to give a proper response to those who spread stories against India.
All players must bring original documents including Aadhaar, birth certificate issued by the Municipal Board, CHC, PHC on the day of inspection and submit copies along with the forms.
All India Radio, Shillong will broadcast various programs throughout the year until 1st November 2023 as part of the celebration of its 75th Anniversary as a Public Service Broadcaster. students will participate in these programs.
However, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawpat, Bah Kharbuit Ryntathiang, who spoke on their behalf, said that the families refused to accept because they are farmers and it would be difficult for them to take their livestock to the Sinner.
He said that the corruption of all politicians will be completely eradicated if the Modi government is elected to power in Meghalaya.
The JSM said that there are many schemes and projects implemented by the Central Government in the State but the State Government has not been able to implement them properly, for example the inability of the Government. To improve the NH-6 roads passing through the District Headquarters of East Jaintia Hills, Khliehriat which is the main road connecting Assam and other states in the North East, However, the railway line is against the will of the residents of the District.
The Travelers Nest has five beautifully designed houses and a restaurant for tourists.
The gold medals were won by West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills.
The village has received monthly ration of rice and alcohol except for sugar which has not been received for many months.
Referring to the Ministers, he said that this also depends on the permission of the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) and recently, the MEA has introduced strict rules even to grant permission to such persons. foreign travel offers.
The Governor congratulated the finalists of the Assam Rifles tournament.
Government authorities have imposed a curfew in Itanagar and Naharlagun today following a mass protest against the implementation of the PRS to non-Arunachal citizens.
Regarding the desire for the state to have its own university, the Nongpoh MLA said that it is necessary for the cooperation of all, from the big to the small, so that the university can succeed in the state. .
On 16th June, Mondal and IITG officials visited the Umiam Bridge after receiving many complaints about the poor condition of the bridge.
There have been 1,606 new cases and 67 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Shillong, June 06 : The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Tuesday held a meeting with government officials from various departments involved in the construction of the new Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang.
He also obeyed the word.
According to the Deputy Secretary of the Secretariat Administration, the State Government has recently distributed shatri to 515 Grade IV employees of the Secretariat including 199 women. and up to 316 men.
They said they would express their opposition to the division of the constituency by approaching the law enforcement authorities.
The Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (TMC) candidate from Rymbrai-Jyrngam constituency, Bah Fernandez S Dkhar, on Tuesday defeated the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP). on preventing the people in his constituency from bringing in necessary development works.
“It is not a sin to help others,” said Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew.
Earlier, there was a Noh Blai ritual in which Wamon, Wasan and other men went down to the Ummurem River to pour out the Syntu Blai and release two parrots.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Three women who hold the leadership of the UDP Mawlai Circle and Youth Wing have resigned from the UDP party and expressed their desire to join the Mawlai People's Development Forum (MPDF). PT Sawkmie, former MLA of Mawlai.
Shillong: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) on Saturday held a memorial service in front of the residence of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma at Polo.
Speaking on his contest in the last MDC election, he said that he had no intention of contesting the MDC election from the northern parties, but the presence of candidates from other parties has made him contest the MDC election. He didn't agree to contest as an MDC himself and that's why he joined the Indian National Congress.
Wildlife Divisional Forest Officer Rupankar Marak said that the python was found in a tree stand at the house of the MDC. They are protected under Schedule I of the Wildlife Protection Act,
Because the Church does not refer to the four pillars or the building but to the people.
After receiving information about the incident, police rushed to the scene and found him dead. He was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. Death.
The album will be released in the second month of November.
Mawlai Presbyterian College will play against Mawsynram Border Area College, Union Christian College will play against Nongstoin College and St. Dominic College will play against KL Bajoria College.
The outbreak of this disease has been a threat to thousands of people especially to the day laborers who earn their living in the morning and buy food at night.
At the same time, the Catholic St. Thomas Parish Mairang, through the Sub District Pyndengumïong, held a walk of the Cross by the faithful, which started from the ground floor of the Parish to the hill. Calvary Parish of Mary.
The NPP Leader said that the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code will cause trouble as India is a country with many customs and religions which cannot be united by one law.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) from Lapalang have lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District regarding the illegal parking of vehicles near Dawki Bridge.
The victims were identified as Senstar Marak, 23, of Rongjeng and Lakingbat Marak, 23, of Gauram, a neighboring village.
The sister said that although the brother is in the middle of knowledge, he is still very weak and cannot speak properly.
Sonia's letter was read out by MPCC President DD Lapang while Mukul Sangma's letter was read out by his brother Zenith M Sangma.
He said that the state government has not yet set up a special hospital for the treatment of these patients, who have contracted COVID-1 doctors, who refuse to treat people suspected of having the disease.
This was done after receiving information from the investigation into several persons accused of involvement in the incident.
The leader of the union said that they don't know whether they are government employees or contract workers or students or traders. If we don't allow them, we don't know what will happen. They should stop in order to bring peace as a whole and as neighboring states.
This decision was taken at a meeting chaired by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong and officials of the Planning, Finance and PWD departments on Tuesday.
HDR said that when you want to contest an election, you should not do such things. “When you want to contest an election, you should not do such things,” he said.
One woman said that when cleaning the clothes, they don't wash them outside, because if they wash their clothes only after 50 minutes, the old prings have fallen off.
When we compare the actions of PN Syiem with the miracles of Moses, they are nothing.
Mayralborn also confirmed that Process T Sawkmie MLA, who was suspended from the Congress, although he did not attend the meeting on Saturday, he said that he will join the UDP. Shillong, Nailur 11 : The Chairman of the Central Scheme Monitoring Committee (CSMC) of the BJP, Bah AL Hek, who is also an MLA from the UDP, has announced his decision to contest from the UDP. Pynthorumkhrah Constituency on Tuesday demanded that the Prime Minister Narendra Modi should send an inquiry into the awarding of the contract for the construction of the Assembly at Mawdiang Diang.
Speaking to media, Bah Mike Pakyntein, one of the leading leaders of the Shillong West MLA, said that these statements are only to mislead the people as the elections are approaching.
At the same time, that to work for the elections is not easy only once every five years but it should be done all the time to strengthen the party from now on.
“NPP MP Agatha Sangma has shown her true identity with the NPP party after she supported the CAB in the Lok Sabha on Monday.
The families of this village have to send their children to school to Wahkaji, a distance of more than 10 kms.
The funeral service was held at the Iooksi Kyanmynsar Football Ground on Tuesday.
She said that the finger pointing at others should be eliminated in our country and before pointing fingers at others one should think first.
The team of athletes who will participate in various events will be led by Pleasantly Synnah as Coach.
“We don't want it and the other side doesn't want it, but we have our fourth line”.
According to the letter dated 2nd June, 2019, the forms for the Assessment Promotion Scheme will be invited every year in the month of June and all Faculties who meet the requirements can be promoted. higher ranks.
Speaking to media during his visit to the Strawberry Market in Khyndailad, the Minister said, “We have decided to declare the strawberry market as a public place. There will be no vehicles entering the market area.
Shillong is also surprised and disappointed, but we hope that more and more men and women fighters will emerge.
On the other hand, the KSU South West Khasi Hills, which was present at the meeting, urged the government authorities especially the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills to take action and She also demanded that the Sordar and those involved be punished according to the law.
“The use of the funds allocated by the Central Government to NEHU shows that the funds have been allocated for the needs of the university, while for education it is very small,” he said. more.
He said it is impossible to say whether the data collection to understand the poverty in the State has been done from the villages or rural areas as the Government has struggled to focus on the rural areas to promote development works.
We should not sell our land to foreigners, companies, soldiers, because it is clearly written in the Holy Book.
“Besides, even the BJP has put forward the issue of including the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule as one of the issues in its Election Manifesto,” said Pala.
In the 86-92 kg and super heavyweight 92 kg-plus categories, Sanjeet, who won the Asian Championship 2021, of Services won by unanimous vote of all the judges. Vicky of the All India Police.
The Minister's visit came after a group of truck drivers under the Shatri Meghalaya Truckers Union, sent a letter to him, urging him to complete the bridge as soon as possible. Remove the problem faced by the truck drivers, who have faced the problem due to the No Entry in many places and that has happened only because of the lack of bridge in that place.
In the U-16 men's category, St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School won the title after winning 4 gold and 2 silver medals. and 3 bronze medals, while in the women's category, the winner was Loreto Convent, Shillong after winning 3 gold medals and 4 silver and 4 bronze medals each.
The fire brigade is still trying to extinguish the fire and the people are helping to pour water to extinguish the fire.
On the day of the results, there were parents who insulted her and her fellow teachers by accusing them of being stupid.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Tharon Khongstid, Chairman of BBLMC, while Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem welcomed the guests.
Initially, it was suspected that the woman committed suicide but after the initial investigation, police suspected that it was a murder.
Hek said that the Presbyterian leaders of Nongsawlia, Sohra have requested that they want to make the church in Nongsawlia one of the tourist attractions and also a place of prayer as it is the oldest in the country. Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The purpose of the visit is to strengthen relations between the state and the country.
Jowai, Naitung 20: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) was held on Friday at Kiang Nangmih Stadium. Jowai.
“However, the sad thing is that if there is only a name like in Ranikor, the Civil Sub Division has not been functioning yet and Patharkhmah could be the same.
It is also not good to expect only from family members and friends who can cure from this disease, but what is needed and demands proper treatment as shown in the case of heart attack.
Referring to the VPP's decision not to join other parties to form a group in the Opposition, Dr Mukul said, “We have our own issues and we don't mean that we will forget our issues just by forming a group. of the parties but to work together as the Opposition to speak for the benefit of the people of the state according to the powers he has given them according to their victory over the candidates we have elected”.
I became a very close friend.
Besides rice, slasha and orchids, the region also has many wonderful products that can be sold all over the world.
In the House, Shylla said that initially the cooperation between the UDP and the PDF was because the PDF was still clean but now it has become poor and it remains only to form another party. “I don't want to be part of the PDF at all,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Vairagyachaitanya Maharaj, Deputy in Charge of the Institute, congratulated all the students and urged them to accept the teachings of Swami Vivekananda to succeed in life. life and he also said that man creates his own future.
There is no point in appointing Deputy Ministers to work in the absence of Ministers. Such thinking makes it more difficult to go with the Chief Minister.
This has caused difficulties to the people especially the women who have to provide for their families.
This step encourages people to participate in the economic development of the country.
Therefore, man has great value in the sight of God, and God says, “I will make man more precious than fine gold, and man than fine gold.
If any man destroy the temple of God, him shall God destroy;
Chibor Najiar, Superintendent Engineer (PHE) Rural Circle Shillong was the chief guest in the presence of District Sports Officer K. Passah, Hon. General Secretary WJDSA Lammat-oo Laloo, leaders. WJHDS and others who have been invited.
After completing the training, they were also assisted to receive such schemes and subsidies so that they could start a business unit and become entrepreneurs.
Currently, Amazon is still accepting these T.2000 notes while the public delivers the goods to the homes and places where the orders have been received.
The order was issued by Justice W Diengdoh while hearing the petition.
David said the BJP government has set up a committee led by Veerapa Moily to abolish the District Councils including Meghalaya and the North East. to the District Council.
On the other hand, KHNAM is still looking for candidates while the UDP has not said anything and is still looking for candidates even though the elections are less than 10 months away.
If so, where is the primary religion in the census of India? ?????My father's land ...in Ri Khasi – my mother's land is called Khongpong Mobah Purningstar... I'm not sure if this is true or not, but I'm sure it's true. members as in a newspaper or in a single sheet and distributed to the public so that all may know.
They are Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni, Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh and two Personal Security Officers Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh. .
Doctors have found that the young man's disease is known as Pulmonary Alveolar Proteinosis, a disease that makes it difficult to breathe and is rare, but this disease can cause lead to death, because people cannot breathe.
Speaking to media, the Vice President of KJDSTA, Susan Syiem said that at the meeting held on the 20th of this month at Dudnoi, they decided to give time to the state government. within 14 days the government will take action on their demands and if it does not, they will hold strong protests.
Speaking to reporters, the President of KSU Ranikor Circle, Samla Marconi Thongni, admitted that many people living in Ranikor area are suffering from cancer. This may be due to the pollution of the Kynshi River in the Ranikor area which the residents used to swim, drink and eat the fish that live in the river.
Shillong, Naitung, 11: The Khasi National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday said that it will investigate from the ground up to find out the scientific methods of the State Government regarding the Amendment to the 1972 and They also alleged that the appointment of the Expert Committee is only a ploy by the Government to review the Reservation Policy.
The song was composed by Nald and recorded, mixed and mastered by Nald.
“How can I stay there when my house is destroyed and I stay with my son in Shillong,” he said.
The next match will be played on the 23rd at 9 pm between Ri Bhoi and All Jaintia Cricket Association.
In the fourth category, two candidates scored 550 marks, Ladiangshisha Marweiñ of Leads Secondary School, Langkyrding, Shillong and Mendelson M. Langstang of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
We seek our culture not to despise it but to strengthen and protect our nation from the storms of time and from the storms of darkness and mystery that are based only on our own knowledge and understanding.
“We tried to be like a strong team before the final team for the Olympics was announced.
For the past few months, we have experienced extreme heat waves that pose a serious threat to human health and lives.
The planning department said it was the mistake of the department to phone and inform the student that he has been selected, but it is surprising that the department took up to a day to see its mistake.
“I was too tired and my legs were sore but I believe it was my victory,” he said.
Regarding the burning of these shops, the owners of these shops, have expressed their deep sorrow, because they have lost a lot of money and at the same time, they have lodged a complaint with the Report to Nongpoh Police Station.
He said that the union has demanded from the Government through the Minister to set up a Dialysis Center in the area due to the increasing number of dialysis patients in West Khasi Hills District which is more than 1,0 people.
Many people were injured and taken to Khlieh Riat CHC. On the morning of the 25th, another cement truck collided with a petrol truck near Malidor Bridge, Ratta. The driver of the cement truck No.ML04C-0654 died on the spot.
Shillong: The invitation for registration of those who wish to set up petrol pumps in the state will end on 24th November for Meghalaya.
He also urged the leaders to be grounded and wise and intelligent in providing services and in the struggle for the life and future of their fellow citizens. we must be steadfast and have a spirit of perseverance even in the midst of all kinds of difficulties.
The load weighs W-w tons.
West Garo Hills has also recorded the highest number of recoveries with 22 cases.
Eva Longoria wants to be famous not for acting and in one of the interviews she said that she wants people to know her as one of the volunteers but not for the sake of acting. only like a puron.
North Garo Hills has one case, Ribhoi District five cases, South West Khasi Hills two, West Garo Hills two and West Jaintia Hills
This issue is one of the most difficult for the state government to resolve the border issue as Assam has created many problems in the field of peace and order which has led to the displacement of people. because of this long-running conflict.
Grade-III from 21 to 31 years, Grade-II from 21 to 35 years and Grade-I from 21 to 35 years.
Not only e-bikes and e-wheelchairs, the students who have completed their training from Don Bosco Technical School have also designed a fuel tank in the shape of a car. The generator machine cannot run.
Shillong, November 16: The State Government has collected revenue of T.1,30,57,930 from all the shops selling teams in the state this year.
David said the Supreme Court's decision shows that the law introduced by the government in the Assembly is not dead. “If you don't have a candidate in the MDC election 2019, we will elect those MLAs who won in 2018,” said David Kharsati, General Secretary of the BJP Meghalaya.
He said that the most important thing is these laws which were passed by the UDP during the rule in KHADC. Regarding the MP election, he said that so far there has been no discussion and there have been some. Those who have started to nominate themselves and the party will take a decision later.
When you have lost, you will lose your destiny.
There are spirits that shet kiad in this cry.
“Save thyself, the Word of God says – “Save thyself”.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Federation of Meghalaya Adhoc Secondary Teachers' Association (FAMASSTA) today said that it will not take part in the strike of teachers under the banner of JACATAM.
On the last day of the filing of nomination papers, four more candidates including Jowai MLA Ma Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday.
In the Khasi custom, the phuiong should be written with a shympriah kti from the moimoi, but many families who still hold the Khasi tradition write with a kyndok tree from the shyllangmat like the Sindur of the Dkhars.
The Australian Consul General, Ms Rowan Ainsworth, on 29th November, 2023 at 5 pm met with the Podium Finish Committee of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) to discuss the working of the Talent Identification Program. (TID), the Elite Pathway Program (EPP) and the Super Elite Pathway Program (SEPP).
Oh, the wisdom of God that is infinite.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : As part of the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence, the Lama Villa Yoga Health Benefits Club (LVYHBC) will hold an Open Yoga for Children. aged from 7 to 15 years.
At the same time to provide them with food, shelter, education and health.
The office of the District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District on Thursday celebrated the International Day for Persons with Disabilities (PWDs). The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej was the chief guest at the program held at Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang. VC War, Principal, Mairang Vidya Jyoti Inclusive School, Mairang, BL Mawnai, Director, Dr.M Syiem and others.
West Jaintia Police, Para-I SC, Ar Daloi FC, Border Area, Tyllilang and 12 Daloi FC have reached the quarter final of the 1st Open to All Veteran Football Tournament organized by East Jaintia Hills. District Football Association (EJHDFA).
However, the situation in these days is very difficult where the people expect to get khambun and do not hesitate to go to the homes of the leaders or candidates to ask for help for forty reasons.
Shillong, Nailur 07: Former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang on Friday announced that he has decided to join the BJP. The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to hold elections in the state on the 13th of this month.
“If the case is still in court, I hope that the court will also give a decision in favor of the Meghalaya government because the government intends to provide better accommodation to these people. do not stay in the bag.
Shillong, July 08: The Spokesperson of the State Government, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the State Government still wants to continue the peace talks with the UN Security Council. The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has been arrested.
JOWAI: The registration of candidates for the MDC elections to the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (JHADC) has reached 50 from 29 constituencies.
With this covenant, the “sect of Moses” erased, even from memory, the tyranny and oppression of the Pharaohs and the Egyptian society that divided between slave and citizen. village.
Lydia laughed and said, 'This Hep is very good, very wise.
He also asked why the educated youth among many teachers should be banned from becoming legislators.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, said that East Jaintia Hills District has the highest increase in the number of HIV cases. 100 people about 2.8% will be infected with HIV. He said that according to the report, there are about 2500 people in the district who are living with HIV and if It is estimated that there were more than 4,0
There are similar commitments among all organizations, and there are different ones.
Only a few of them go to the market and one of the problems is that there are no good roads and the price is too high.
Shillong, July 08: HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, will be reinstated? Will the PWD reach Bah AL Hek and will Bah Prestone lose the Forest Department? This is the news that has spread today in the city that the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma is ready to resign. but when inquired from the government ministers, they denied that there is such a thing.
M.Ibumgochoudibi said the Supreme Court's decision to grant citizenship to the Hajong and Chakma in Arunachal Pradesh has been very serious as it will affect the indigenous citizenship of the Hajong and Chakma. The flight of Muslims from Ronghiya to Myanmar has severely affected the North East, which has become a threat to foreigners.
He said that more than 500 drug traffickers have been arrested and police have registered cases and 135 criminal cases. districts have committees and these committees include Government teams from Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills on how to curb drug trafficking in the state.
“Others are still under the hearing of the Tribunal appointed by the KHADC,” said Bah Jambor War.
The matches were attended by dignitaries including All India Football Federation General Manager Swati Kothari, Meghalaya Football Association President Larsing Ming Sawyan and officials of Tata Trusts.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has said that the Meghalaya Government's intention to install entry and exit gates for vehicles, in accordance with the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Amendment Bill (), the walking, standing and walking of the passengers.
The roads in Jaintia Hills, especially in War Jaintia, are the same.
Police from all districts along with police battalions and other police departments came to take part in the competition.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided to hold a public meeting on the 12th to take a final decision and at the same time to demand the amendment of the Soskular which was signed 40 years ago. which does not have any interest (or share) in the town that has given pleasure to the land.
He said that these competitions are a platform that can open up opportunities in other sectors and even at the employment level.
And he prayed earnestly that it might not rain: and it rained not on the earth by the space of three years and six months.
Nongstoiñ: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rimuliang Circle in the presence of the leaders of the KSU West Khasi Hills, in a statement today, has denied the allegation by the Assam police. They also condemned the arrest of a member of the Seng by the Assam police without proper knowledge and consideration.
Nongpoh, June 24: To strengthen the BJP party in Meghalaya and in preparation for the upcoming elections 2018 in Meghalaya, the BJP party in Meghalaya has started to The party has left the country to explain to the people on the principles that the party has to implement for the change in income and development of the people in the state.
In an order issued today, a bench of Chief Justice Mohammad Yaqoob Mir and Justice SR Sen has ordered the KHADC to formulate the appointment rules for the three posts. vacant Magistrate posts and this should be completed within 2 months.
“As the House has accepted the apology of the officer, the case has been terminated and dismissed,” he said.
Payeng said the Molai Forest, which he started 42 years ago, is now home to 115 elephants, rhinos, lathapsim, kyndat and other creatures.
It was when the Temple was built that the Israelites could worship God, and that too for only 3 and a half years or 1260 days.
I am not like the other leaders, but I walk on the road.
Even the cleanliness has increased along with their knowledge and reputation, but no one has taken note of this.
On the other hand, the SP and DC of Ri-Bhoi district, said that the preparations especially for the deployment of guards have been in progress. organizers of the Cherry Blossom Festival.
Rajiv Kumar, Commandant of 193 Bn BSF Meghalaya, was present and explained the commitment of the BSF in terms of development and service to the people.
Those who wish to participate need to register by visiting www.robertshospital.com According to the organizers, the preparations for this program will start at 5:30 pm and the opening ceremony will be held at by 6:30 p.m.
The 4th April is celebrated in the whole of Khasi Jaintia Hills which we call in English “KAHASI AWAKENING DAY”.
He said that the party is surprised to see that these Nepalis have rebuilt the houses which have already been destroyed and what is more sad to see is that these Nepalis have However, the illegal construction of houses by these Nepalis near the Umiam River has also led to the pollution of the Umiam River. .
It is joyful to know, to see the power of repentance that can immediately please God, to stop what He has already Planned.
Recently, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal visited the Umïam Dam to understand and know exactly the condition of the construction especially as it is connected to the bridge. and the chariots passed by every day.
One of the Congress leaders, Manishankar Aiyar, today strongly criticized Nodi, saying that Modi will never be able to reach the goal of becoming the Prime Minister of the country.
They also alleged that Meghalaya has been led by the Garo people and the Khasi Jaintia people have not been able to lead the state.
“The players of Mawlai SC are experienced players and have participated in many tournaments in the State and abroad as well”.
However, the VPP has decided to continue with this protest.
That new story must come from the people, from the rich and from the day laborers who are fighting in the field.
In this regard, the JAC will hold a public meeting on the 23rd of this month at 11 am in Nongpoh to protest against the empty camp in Ri Bhoi. MLA of Ri-Bhoi District to arrive on that day for the purpose of meeting, he added.
If the mother and father are in the bedroom – the child hides in the bedroom and if she goes near to talk, the child leaves the house to find a place to sit with friends away from the mother and father.
Police of East Jaintia Hills District, on receiving a tip, conducted a raid at the Infiltration Check Post in Umtyra on the 2nd.
The meeting was attended by the KRIKPA Foundation President Franklin Syiemïong, Nongstoiñ Circle. The meeting was attended by the KRIKPA Foundation. drug abuse and to bring them back to a new life.
The Prime Minister said that the meeting will be held only to discuss the border issue.
He was shot dead by the troops near Mawshun village below Pynursla village.
On the Ïawmusiang Market Complex, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he has already sent to inspect the building on the iron posts if they are still ready to be built.
In fact, they should have helped and joined hands with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and brought about the preventive measures against the spread of this disease. There is no such thing as a committee.
Hamlet said that the delay in receiving the equipment has caused many VECs to start reluctantly to continue implementing the 100 days scheme.
On the other hand, Serbelin Lyngdoh General Secretary FKJGP Ri-Muliang Circle said that the area is also facing problems in terms of roads and especially the health center is far away and if there is any incident, Unfortunately, the public has to inform the health authorities, the law enforcement authorities and even the villages as well.
The petition sent by Kong Nongbri to the Union Minister of State for Child Development has also spread on social media.
Thus, the Church of God, the pluh and destroyed the temple; Mawkhar Presbyterian Church, church funds and Catholic Church, Archbishop dies.
He said that the company has placed a heavy burden on the state government.
"“There are also those in Rithor who have asked why the Tamil refugees from Sri Lanka and so on have not been included, but the protests in the North East are not because of religion but because of the states. of the Northeast region the natives are extremely small population.
On the other hand, he said the 'Ha U Prah' campaign is a pleasure of the people, but it is not appropriate to go to any meeting of other parties because it will disrupt.
Besides, the office also explained to the public that the new and large electrical machines are automatic machines, so when the electricity is turned off if it is turned on again and if the electricity is weaker, they cannot work. but it takes about some time until the machine is ready to work.
“If it is a freight railway, it will be a great blessing to the entire state,” he said.
However, the two girls escaped while the robbers were drinking kyiad in a forest and as soon as they escaped, they came to Barapathar and told the story. They reported the incident to the mother of another friend of theirs and later went to the General Secretary of CSWO, Evangeline Thabah for help.
Now, the Ministers of the Raid Mylliem have decided to change the sanctity of Lum Shyllong (Shulong).
The four suspects are currently under police investigation and the search is ongoing to track down the suspects.
The JSU said that in the past few days, after the lack of vehicles on the Shillong-Jowai highway, it has caused a traffic jam for several hours at Mawryngkneng Puring Mookyndur.
This statement was made by the officer in charge of the department, Dr BK Mawthoh.
According to sources, the truck carrying coal to Star Cement from Assam of BSP Company, while the coal carrying 14 shaka to 60 tonnes of coal collided with the truck. The driver of the truck has been shocked by the incident. Police have not yet confirmed whether the truck caught fire or was burnt down by the robbers.
Shillong: Following the shooting death of former General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13th July 2021, the family of Bah Che. lodged a complaint against the SP of East Jaintia Hills District and also against the SP of Traffic Department of East Khasi Hills on 18th July
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong and Bah S.Khonglam.
“Because of some misunderstandings, this incident has happened, but now the situation has been brought under control and we have discussed the issue thoroughly so that peace can be maintained,” he said. u Revenue Officer of Boko.
The KSU said that it is necessary to implement the ILP in the state to avoid being dominated by the Dkhars who came to stay for a while but later they started a big attack.
As a nation we see that we have strayed from the right and the truth but now let us turn to God and humble ourselves before His glory and ask forgiveness for all that we have strayed from. There are many mistakes we have made whether it is in our personal lives or in society or in the election of judges, judges as well. From now on let us choose and walk in the path of righteousness and truth before God destroys this beloved country of ours with His wrath and anger. Let us turn to God as the Ninevites turned and changed their minds by that preaching of Wei from the servants of God until it reached the King along with the children of thousands of animals. turn away before God destroys their land.
We are doing it for the benefit of the people,” said Bah Pynshngainlang.
Speaking after the swearing-in ceremony, Mukul Sangma said that armed groups in the state have understood the needlessness of violence against the law and have started coming forward. to take advantage of the opportunities the government has given them.
During these three days alone, Sohra has received 2457.2 mm of rainfall.
We have seen that many Government Offices are very dirty and lymbum lymbram.
It was seen that in Iew Duh, although the KHA DC police have seized many of the goods, the market vendors have come out slowly, and it has been seen that they have filled the footpaths especially the khar die shana that doesn't have anything.
There are three Fathers and five Sisters under the supervision of the Chief Bishop, Fr. Lawrence Nongkseh, SDB. Shillong, Jymmang 15: After the opening of the Pynursla Civil Sub Division, The HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut, Bah Witting Mawsor, said that the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division will be opened in June this year. Mukul Sangma said that it will be opened in June as it is still too busy and in the near future there will be more openings in Garo Hills.
The new cases include EJH: 3, EKH: 63, NGH: 1, RBD: 4, SGH: 1, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 3, WGH: 8, WJH: 24 and WKH: .
This is part of the demand for the temporary dismissal of the police involved in the murder of Bah Cheristerfiel. On the 13th of this month, the protesters from different districts will come to take part in this protest.
The most common disease in rice is what I have called above.
The question I want to ask: Do we want our relatives to be saved? Do we want the country and the nation to turn to the Lord? Do we want the Church to fulfill its Mission? sent by the Lord?Do you know that when you intend to do good, God does not abandon you?Thank you.
In the Under 15 Boys Football Category, Rymbai YSWO won the title after Rymbai SYWO beat Khliehriat Higher Sec School 1-0
Publicity Secretary Salmon Rymbai in a statement said that the reason for the expulsion of foreigners is because they do not have enough documents to prove their permission to work in the country. State.
Speaking on the NEP-2020, he stressed on the need for colleges to offer more subjects in various subjects along with the need for more facilities and buildings at a cost of T .400-500 crore.
As far as we can understand, in fact, the Coronavirus started on November 17, 2019 in Wuhan, the capital of Hubei Province in China, and November/December the month and year in which the world began to receive the first information about the disease that had already established itself in China.
Many of the residents who passed by the area today expressed their surprise to see the construction of the signboards.
Although Prestone did not want to name the MLAs and political parties who joined the NPP, reports said that the two MLAs are from the PDF as reported in recent days. They include Bah Banteidor from Mawkynrew and Bah Gavin Mylliem from Sohra.
The match between the two teams was very friendly.
“Because the government says it wants to have its own airport which is fully equipped, the government in collaboration with the Airport Authority of India (AAI) or even the officers in charge of Umroi Airport for and find ways to find new sites for the construction of airports.
The JHTOA members blocked the road after the factory management failed to pay the new transportation fee even after the state government issued a notice.
He said that according to the rules laid down in the soskular signed by the government in 2007, although the state does not have to receive electricity from 2017 from NTPC, but the NTPC can prohibits state government from purchasing electricity from other companies.
Members of the AMTW&PA under the leadership of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will participate in the 3rd Northeast Olympic Games to be held in Nagaland from 19th to 23rd October,
At the same time, the union has requested the State Government to improve the road connecting Mawsynram to Laitumsaw village which has been badly damaged and has caused problems to the people in travelling. come and bring the color.
If you don't pray inside the secretariat, don't you criticize me? If you invite a Khasi priest or a Hindu priest to pray, don't you criticize? Therefore it is good to smile because there is nothing good you do that doesn't have anything wrong.
God has already set a time, and that time is in his power and hands.
He said that all the children and youth have their own special talents which God has given them, whether it is in singing, dancing and others.
Several senior party leaders, including Sushma Swaraj, Venkaiah Naidu and Ananth Kumar, have met Advani and asked him to withdraw his resignation letter.
(The Wire 07.02.2023).
“As you have seen how the work has started, we have been able to move forward with the discussions and allow the High Level Committee to work to resolve the issues.
“We request the political parties to renegotiate the MoU and it cannot be like Himanta Biswa Sarma said that what has already been written cannot be cancelled.
In another match, Mawnianglah Youth SC and Mawkriah West SC drew 1-1
The incident occurred during the post of Secretary Shnong.
“The woman is the heart of the family and the father is the head of the household.
Portugal captain Ronaldo scored two goals in the 72nd minute, his 125th goal in a career. part of the country.
While the Video Editor is Masterful Warjri.
Meanwhile, NESO, KSU and GSU will also send a petition to Prime Minister Narendra Damodardas Modi and Home Minister Amit Anilchandra Shah through Governor Tathagata Roy.
I remember the saying that we need people whose understanding is broader than what we see today.
"We are happy and proud that the law in India is still salonsar where the people can turn to the Court for justice," he said. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” he said.
After listening to all, without leaving anyone behind, the government should consider those suggestions.
The Dorbar Shnong Cham Cham, Khliehriat, Jwai District, East Jaintia Hills District, as part of the New Year celebration, has welcomed visitors from all over the Khasi Hills. Government guidelines to prevent the spread of Covid-1
“During my tenure, all the illegal tax collection gates have been closed and only those who have received permission have opened them,” said Bah Titos.
Sengman M. Marak tied 65 runs off 72 balls while Regardful Lapasam took four wickets in 6.5 overs.
Earlier, he also asked the Government who is involved in the deterioration of the condition of the State Police Department because without this department, the Government will not be able to maintain peace and order. vehicles, provide security to citizens or fight illegal activities.
He was ordered to ensure that there is no violation of the order of the court and if he commits any illegal act he should be punished according to the existing laws and regulations. .
He said that these followers of the demons used to put blood on their weapons, because they believed that it strengthened the strength of man and also made his hands stronger when fighting against them. enemy.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: “Many MDCs don't understand the powers of the District Council and don't understand the 6th Scheduled and they contest elections without a head or a job just to make money,” said Rangbah. Rynjah village of Bah CK Pasi.
Shillong: Two climbers under the banner of the Meghalaya Sport Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA) have completed their mountaineering training program held in Delhi from from the 22nd to the 26th of this month.
“He said that the Meghalaya Police on the 24th of this month raided the petrol station and arrested those involved and seized the petrol tanks, documents and seizure. to the trucks carrying oil.
“On the other hand, Bari Pyngrope, who is the leader of the youth, after not receiving a satisfactory reply from the secretary of the CRB, has sent approval to the youth whether to leave or continue to play chess. The youths replied that they will go ahead to demand the extension of the year.
Will India tolerate such an act?” the report quoted Adityanath as saying.
He said that once the state has started these projects, the ability of the state to implement them will be looked at to understand whether they can take more funds for the year 2021-2
Kurkalang said the party will not allow the government to harass the farmers and will submit a petition to the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma soon on this issue.
All clubs should visit the EJHDFA office in Deinchynrum.
The new cases include EGH: 1, EJH: 1, EKH: 30, NGH: 1, RBD: 6, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 3, WGH: 13, WJH: 19 and WKH: .
According to the CEM, there are two good qualities of Bah Sohtun, that is his courage and determination to serve the people.
Today, 7 Wasa has confirmed in front of the crowd that it is the champion or champion no matter what and deserves to win this title in Jowai.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that his aim is to improve the constituency in the field of education and the construction of roads.
In a letter sent to the government, the village leaders said that the reason for their demand to relocate the office to Shangpung is because the Division is responsible only for the villages. Raliang and 4 Mowkaiaw Constituencies and all these villages fall under Laskein Block.
Therefore, the remaining posts should be announced so that the job seekers from the area can try to apply according to their ability.
There is also a request to the residents not to leave the village unless they need to, except for essential work and illness.
Various departments of the US Government have summarized discussions on uranium mining in various States of India, including Meghalaya.
What the Jews are waiting for now is to receive a command to rebuild the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
The meeting was also attended by the office bearers from different parts of the constituency and hundreds of people. Pios Kurbah was nominated as the candidate by the Chairman of the DCC, J.T.S.Thongni.
What we see here is that Nehemiah was not only a cupbearer to the king of Persia, but he was a God-fearing man, even though he did the smallest job, God exalted him, until King Artaxerxes of Persia loved and respected Nehemiah because he obeyed and loved God and never stopped praying.
The Minister in charge of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on 19th June, said that the Chief Minister agrees with the requirements to declare the Khyndailad from MUDA onwards. Umsohsun as a tourist route and he added that the process of declaring parts of the city as no-honking zone is ongoing.
You can give your child the right medicine even if he or she is sick that day.
Manipur have also lost both their opening matches of the tournament.
The District Magistrate, Garod LSN Dykes on Tuesday issued an order to close all the markets in Jowai after the vendors violated the rules and regulations to prevent the spread of COVID-1
This pajwa should be built in such a way that its face is parallel to one of the walls and can also be lit from outside.
Ganesh Roy works as a chowkidar in the office and lives in the basement of the house.
He said that a coaching center will be reopened in Kynshi to assist the youth of the constituency in getting jobs and other opportunities.
He advised the players to be disciplined and avoid unhealthy beverages such as tobacco, kyiad and other beverages which destroy the image of human life.
Nongkhlaw, 17 Naitung: “Don't allow the traditional customs and traditions to disappear, don't allow other ethnic groups to take over the country, over the land, over the jobs and above each other.
Ms.Jemimah Rodrigues3.
“I would like to thank the South Asian Football Federation (SAFF) for listening to our requests to invite other countries outside South Asia to participate in this championship.
On the part of the Waheh Shnongs of the 11 villages in their speeches, they expressed their gratitude to the Drivers Association for their willingness to help such people who are in dire need of assistance and who cannot work. At the same time, they praised the organization for remembering and caring for these residents.
Shillong, Naitung 26: Leaders of the Coordinating Committee on International Border (CCIC) including Kmenlang Myrchiang, KSU President Daniel Khyriem and HNYF President GH Kharshanlor today held a meeting to discuss the issue. They gathered at the BJP office in Shillong to discuss the issue of shiah signs in the border areas.
“Many people have told stories about the story of this drama, but no one knows the whole story and it has led my father to publish a book in Pnar,” said Laloo.
“In previous years, the amount of money was higher,” he said.
“Even the churches have been allowed to collect taxes in this Gram Sabha.
Earlier, UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy confirmed that the party will not want to defeat the ARPA. “We will not withdraw our support for ARPA just because KHNAM and HSPDP do not support our candidate in the MP election,” said Dr Roy. recently.
If you are MeECL, you are not.
In fact, to send stone to Bangladesh, only a permit issued by the DMR office and an LC issued by the importer from Bangladesh, but in the meantime, many slips have been issued, such as COVID Slip, Parking Slip, and now a parking slip that they can't understand.
Tip shaei this will happen in the future, I'll see.
How unclean it is and this is really destroying the society.
Therefore, they understand that this job is one of the opportunities for employment development.
Earlier, replying to a question by Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Kong Roshan said that there are eight universities which have been approved by the government and those are William Carey in Martin Luther Christian University 2005, Institute of Chartered Financial Analyst of India in 2005, Techno Global University in 2008, University of Science and Technology in 2008, CMJ University in 2009, Mahatma Gandhi University in , and University ofTechnology Management in 2011.
Nongpoh, July 25: The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee today took the opportunity to thank all the people of the state and Ri Bhoi especially for their support and encouragement. Rahul Gandhi, on the occasion of the Bharat Jodo Nyay Yatra which was held on 22nd July 2024 at Madan Pahamsyiem in Nongpoh.
The Association would like to thank the Waheh Shnongs, Village Leaders and all the members who have worked hard to help select the names of the families who are entitled to receive the assistance, said Samla Namphrangmi L Talang. , Gen.
And for this cause he is the mediator of the new testament, that by means of death, for the redemption of the transgressions that were under the first testament, they which are under the first testament” Hebrews 9:1 These things said I unto you, while I was yet with you, that all things which are written in the law of Moses and in the prophets must be fulfilled" Luke 24:4
After a while, the KHADC through the Secretary lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri Police Station against these foreigners and the complaint was that these foreigners were led by Paul Leong. and your son, Kimfa Marbaniang.
In front of the people they act and speak as true patriots, they swear and promise before the man of God that if they win they will rule righteously and bring about prosperity and peace.
The opening match of the day was between Umjaraiñ Hot Spring Sports Club and Mawpait Football Club (Rangthong). Both the teams failed to score a single goal and until the end of the match, they scored 0 goals each.
The body was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem examination.
Those who violate will be punished with imprisonment under section 102 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 and a fine of T.5000/- All tourists are urged to maintain cleanliness. Plastic waste should not be thrown away and they should also carry garbage bags and these garbage bags should be thrown in the garbage dump.
The President in his speech said that it is time for the school to produce more branches and through the alumni who have received and learned to write the certificate from this school. schools will contribute more on these activities as a lifetime gift.
But blessed are your eyes, for they see: and your ears, for they hear. For verily I say unto you, That many prophets and righteous men have desired to see those things which ye see, and have not seen them; and to hear those things which ye hear, and have not heard them.
He is also the player who reached the final of the French Open last year.
“Now you have 22 crore pan numbers, which are linked to Aadhar numbers and then another 120 crore people, who have Aadhar, so if you need a pan, you have to have Aadhar first, go to “It's a good idea to have a pan number and use it, while those who have Aadhar don't need to get a pan number,” said Pandey.
Former Indian Prime Minister TH Mustafa has demanded that Rahul should be removed immediately and handed over to Priyanka.
The hard work from the big to the small has brought back a sense of security where we can walk and stand without fear.
Australian Test captain Pat Cummins will miss the third Test of the Border-Gavaskar Trophy against India. .
He said that it is appropriate for the district authorities to explain how to vote without fear to the rural areas where there is too much fear.
All the leaders from different constituencies are requested to attend the meeting at the scheduled time so that the meeting can run smoothly and peacefully.
However, to date, the completed integration rate is only 50 percent.
Shillong Shiitake Products Company Ltd (SSPL), a joint venture between YATS Corporation and Hill Farmer's Shiitake Mushroom Co-Op Society, has also set up offices to promote the company to purchase the title. Ltd (HFSMC).
“We have heard that there is a complaint from the central government that it cannot grant the ILP and the Sixth Schedule in the state.
According to information received, he was abducted along with Rohidul Islam on Sunday and killed on Tuesday, while they were trading kwai. These people were phoned and said that they wanted to buy and send them to Sensenggre village, but they were kidnapped and killed.
On the other hand, the President of the NRDA, Dr Synrang Warjri, said that the protest has been canceled and at the same time, they will hold a meeting today to discuss what they will do. play chess.
He said the government has issued directives from time to time and as it is now all the people are afraid of this disease and the fear is that there is no cure.
Former Umroi MLA George B.Lyngdoh on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction after the Ministry of Rural Development (MoRD) of the Union Government has allocated funds for the construction of two roads in Umroi. constituency which has been in turmoil and causing trouble to the people for more than 20 years.
In the singles, Kyrshanlang PG won the title and Nangroi Bon PG came second.
The Catholic Youth Association of Nongbah has honored 17 students who passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations on Saturday last month.
Please allow other villagers even if they are from any village), who else has been given the Bud opposite the Sai-i-mika park/resort? village suddenly, but from the past it was difficult to stay in sohra because it was too rainy, it was shrah without anything now what is the reason behind?.
“We strongly demand from the Government that if there is any allegation of violence and violation of human rights, such allegations should be conducted by an impartial investigation and if found “Any Government officials who are violators of the law should be punished immediately,” he added.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma said, “We have approved the proposal to introduce NCERT textbooks as a revision to some of the These subjects will be taught by the MBOSE from now on.
Shillong, November 30: The Chairman of the Selection Commission (SSC) A Bhattacharya on Tuesday said that the recruitment of people from the North East is very low in the government departments of India.
The meeting was led by Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the Regional Committee. In the presence of Sosthenes Sohtun, Jirang MLA, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MLA, Umroi MLA, KHADC CEM and others.
According to estimates, about half of the residents have smartphones.
The leaders of the GSMC, HSPDP, Bodoland, Gurkhaland, Tripraland, Kuki State, Budelkhand and Purbanchal at their last meeting held at the Rickman Hotel, agreed that before they They also agreed that before they leave for Delhi, they will hold another meeting to resolve the issue. time to leave and the members who will take part in the protest.
First he said that it was because he charged the phone for a long time inside the shop and later he said that some robbers stole the key from him and burnt down the shop.
Lumporlan Passah scored 59 runs (6×4 and 5×6), Pynilynti Bareh 51 runs (4×4 and 5×6) while Nibiangmon Sutnga scored 41 runs (2 4x4 nights (4x6).
Selfishness and selfishness are not God's will.
Shillong, July 02: Employees of the Excise Department, East Khasi Hills District have seized 80.650 liters of heroin from restaurants and shops in the city and suburbs in the month of November, 126.255 liters of IMFL. In this regard, 17 persons have been arrested under the Excise Act.
In fact, it is very unfortunate for the Meghalaya government that it has not recognized the services of such teachers until the school authorities from outside the state recognize them. (recognized) but the services of this teacher.
Darimetre Syih (23 min) and Fedrick Suchen (45 min) scored the second goal for Shymplong.
The incident happened at 1 pm this morning, when a Mahindra (ML-12-1202) on its way to Shillong, collided with another vehicle. The truck (RJ-23-GB 8292) was hit by a truck.
It is in the past few months that this ambulance has been restored, but it has caused a lot of trouble to the people when this vehicle has been set up without service.
Former Telangana Chief Minister UK Chandrashekar Rao fell seriously ill and was rushed to hospital.
“I don't know if you've ever eaten enough sohkhawja,” said the mother with a smile.
In accordance with the PWM (Amended) Rules, 2021, various measures will be taken to strengthen the implementation.
On these demands, the party has also sought the strong support of the people.
Perhaps we can see many of these fulfillments with our own eyes and we will see that even scientists have found that the Bible is indeed a book through which God has spoken and His wonderful works. There are many things written in the Word of God that have already happened and that are yet to happen.
Unfortunately, due to lack of timely treatment, the child died on the same day.
“This is different from the example in other parts of the country,” he said.
The Archbishop of Myanmar, Charles Bo, from Myanmar, will come to hold the Holy Mass in Myanmar. At 10:00 pm, four senior religious leaders of the North East and other religious leaders will attend the Holy Mass.
Seoul's military said on Thursday that a US Navy submarine that arrived at a port in the South Korean city of Busan and It also follows North Korea's threats and warnings regarding US-South Korea relations.
“The Commission will benefit farmers and agriculture, the environment, the market, and others,” he said.
FKJGP Lai Lyngdoh requests the Executive Engineer to clean up the road and fill it with soil or stone, so that it will not be damaged. The public in going to the market, working and completing their chores especially the school children.
More than 700 medals were awarded to the young athletes who won titles in various sports.
He added that the Nongpoh Town Committee expresses its satisfaction with the initiative of the state government through the urban affairs department to fulfill the wishes of the beneficiaries to live in this house. The Nongpoh Town Committee expects that the government will soon take action to repair the remaining houses so that they can be handed over to the rightful families. “Those families who have not yet received their houses are in Nongpoh Town,” he added.
Sawkuta scored a half-century for Ri-Bhoi in the second innings.
She also thanked the SwitchON Foundation for its hard work in conducting the awareness programme, and also for its efforts to preserve the environment.
The new cases include 36 from East Khasi Hills, 3 from West Garo Hills, 7 from Ri Bhoi, 2 from South West Garo Hills, 1 from North Garo Hills, 7 from East Jaintia Hills and 3 from Eastern West Khasi Hills. 2, and East Garo Hills
However, she concluded by saying, “I'll come home tonight because my mother, who heard about it, was worried about me...” Lanosha concluded, “I'll come.
Eightfulness Shangdiar (22 & 58) and Rikynti Lyngkhoi (30+1 & 33) scored the goals.
He expressed his dissatisfaction with the Ministry of Home Affairs' decision to erect signs from the Zero Line only from the residential areas but said that it should also be taken from the areas where there are land plots. of the people who are their source of income.
The MDC said that the students in the area have complained about the problems they face during the rainy season especially in those areas where there are bridges that have been built from side to side. in the year 2022.
Let us now look briefly to understand what Parkinson's disease (Pk) is.
Colleagues in the MDA government have accused James of being involved in the illegal smuggling of coal in the state.
The tournament was organized by the WJDSA and supported by the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
At the meeting, after many discussions, the leaders of the Executive Committee directed the President to work for the welfare of the people especially the small and medium enterprises and to oversee the working methods and good governance. schemes through the government under the leadership of Modi for the benefit of the people.
The family members of the child also thanked the police, KSU Narpuh and VPP Narpuh Circle for their assistance in the search for the child. until I have found it.
Some of the senior teachers have received the advance increment while others have not received or have been dismissed even though they joined the post in the same year.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The Joint Secretary to the Government of India, Aparajita Sarangi, IAS on Tuesday visited Meghalaya to inspect the works completed and ongoing. The visit was part of the Inter State Exchange Program of the Ministry of Rural Development of the Government of India. .
When asked how he said that this area has been destroyed, Bah Riban said, “In the past, this forest was syllen, there was no forest anymore. and the whole forest was covered with snow.
Demdem Lynshing has lodged a complaint against the suspect and police are searching for the suspect.
Shillong: UDP Nongkrem Constituency Leader Egenstar Kurkalang has sent a letter to the Minister of Agriculture, Banteidor Lyngdoh regarding the problems faced by the farmers.
Earlier, petrol companies had stopped for 18 days to increase petrol prices due to the elections to various state assemblies.
Dated Rambrai The 25th Jan 2022, which states that the office of the Syiem and the Dorbar have not received any complaint against the mining of mineral resources. this land, as they please as owners of the land.
Shillong, June 2: The manager of a wine store has been seriously injured after he was shot dead by well-armed robbers in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills at 1:15 pm. , police suspect that the shooters belonged to the ANVC(B).
Mingstone Rymbai, a relative of (L) Damehipaia Papeng, has requested the law enforcement authorities to punish all those involved in the murder of his brother-in-law (L) Damehi Papeng.
However, she directed the state government to look into these factories especially in terms of the source of coal they use.
The LRO has written to the Magistrate that if the persons involved do not escape punishment, it will be taken to the higher authorities.
He said that the ITI will provide training in three types of jobs, including Surface Ornamentation Technique and Embroidery, Wireman, Office Assistant cum Computer Program, Multimedia-Animation-Special Effect, and Driver cum Mechanic.
According to sources, this morning during heavy rainfall, the water from inside the road has burst into the road which has caused damage to the road and appeared a large hole.
When I was a child, while we were harvesting in the fields, my mother told us children, “Son, my father and I will send you to school so that when you get a government job we will survive. Dr. Sandarson, Nongstoin, said:
[For more information, please watch rupang.com's youtube channel]Yes, I have something to say.
“As soon as I saw that this office has been burnt down, I immediately informed the ADC of Ri Bhoi to send fire trucks and with the early arrival of a few fire trucks, we were able to extinguish the damage. RB Lyngwa said.
He said the government has consulted with more than 90,000 youths and it is on this basis that it has introduced these various programs to help the youth.
For these sugar distributors, the commission paid by the government is 50 tyngka per quintal for the Fair Price Shops and for the wholesalers the commission is based on the payment from the MECOFED Godown at The price is T.1.30 per km to the place where there is no station.
“At present, the Myntdu Leshka Hydel Power Project, two units generating 42MW of electricity, has also been temporarily shut down and the two projects at Umïam, generating 60MW, have also been temporarily shut down due to maintenance and improvement. them," he added.
The Bill was prepared by the Select Committee appointed in the last dorbar after the MDCs lodged a complaint against the proposal to pass the Bill.
Dr.(Mrs) Sara Kharbudon 9
At least 500 people have been killed in a hospital in Gaza after an Israeli bombing, the Hamas health ministry said.
The Minister said that there are many reasons for the delay in the completion of these projects due to the mid-term elections in East Garo Hills, the outbreak of COVID-19, the restrictions on travel. of workers due to COVID and lack of adequate roads to reach the work sites besides heavy rainfall and other reasons.
There have been judgments, which have not been judged or judged.
After an illegal coal burning factory in Shallang area was destroyed on Saturday by the district authorities of West Khasi Hills using explosives, 46 other similar factories were destroyed. they may fall into such a calamity.
Others read a long article but comment only on the last sentence, while the main idea of ​​the body language is not commented on.
The UDP Speaker defeated the NPP candidate Samlin Malngiang by more than 3,000 votes.
Finally, let us examine the validity of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Regulation,
Daniel also invited the Dorbar Shnongs adjacent to Mawkhar including Mission Compound, Wathapbru, Umsohsun, Wahingdoh, Riatsamthiah, Shyiap and Upper Lansonalane. , Laitdom, Langsning and Central Districts to participate in this day.
“It is on this occasion that the Dorbar is deeply saddened by the absence of participants in the day. The Dorbar has sent this statement to the youth, parents and parents. The 4th Foundation Day of Ri-Bhoi District falls on Friday, so in consultation with the district authorities, it has been decided to hold the Foundation Day on the 5th of this month. World Environment Day” said Bah Shadap.
“This loss of land is due to the signing of the Land Boundary Agreement between the Government of India and the Government of Bangladesh on 6th July, Mukul Sangma who was the Prime Minister at that time, then the second Prime Minister, I don't know if it was Rowell Lyngdoh or RC Laloo, Prestone Tynsong who is now the second Prime Minister. The MLA of the constituency was accompanied by Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, while the Government of India was led by Dr. Mammohan Singh, the Prime Minister of the country at that time.
East Jaintia Hills has 5 cases, East Khasi Hills has 80 cases, of which 74 cases are civilians.
When we develop development strategies, we must create ways and means that this development plan will not only meet the demands and needs of the present generation, but will also be able to provide for those generations and their longdien after you.
The Indian Arm Wrestling Federation (WWF) has sent a letter to him saying that he has been selected to participate in the tournament.
However, suddenly on 23rd November 2016, it was learned that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima will come to lay the foundation stone for the construction of Kpep Thangbriew at the site which had not been lodged earlier in
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the RBWO, Bah P.Jones Kurbah, said that the RBWO strongly condemns the export of cow farmers from the state and the RBWO cannot accept that the farmers Cows who buy cows from the state have been registered with the Veterinary Department while cows which have come from abroad and there is no such thing as cows in the state have been released freely without any rules. “If the cow farmers from the state are still being deported, the union will not hesitate to do the same to other animals that come from abroad especially Muit which has a market in Ri Bhoi and without the cow farmers,” he added.
In the 3rd Division, Kharang beat Umphrup 1-2
in and all proceeds from ticket sales will be donated to an orphanage and senior center.
It took Weisz two months to implement his new technique and to demonstrate that chicken meat can be cooked by cooking.
In a statement, Pravin Bakshi, Executive Chairman of MBoSE, said that in the last three years, according to the record of the SSLC and HSSLC examinations, Many schools have not been able to meet the requirements of the Board.
When you have finished talking, you can buy what you want, or auto-pick up.
He said the money has been allocated for this programme.
Leaders such as sordars, women's organizations and youth organizations have visited from time to time to meet with the leaders and government employees to complete the road as soon as possible.
The Engineer said, “No, I didn't see.
Singh said the 52-year-old actor will be kept at Asaram's residence and will not live with others.
Excluding the T.1,995 crore, the total revenue will be T.15,380 crore, he said, while the expenditure will be T.17,432 crore, of which the Revenue Expenditure will be T.14,4 crore and capital expenditure of Rs 3,004 crore.
The meeting was conducted by the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S. Kharlyngdoh in the presence of Addl.DC Mawkyrwat, Bah S. Diengdoh, Magistrates, Government Officers from South and West Khasi Hills District. Hills District, Village Leaders and residents of the area.
These applications include from local and international manufacturers.
In the last two years since 2018, 16 new factories have been established with permission from the Single Window Agency]
Shillong: The intention to remove Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as CEM of KHADC is no longer surprising but such incidents happen every time before the KHADC dorbar. The UDP and NPP have demanded a special session to discuss the issue.
The ABVP leader also mentioned the focus of the issue on the spread of education in the indigenous languages; a step aimed at addressing the language barriers, at the same time improving the understanding of the subjects among the students.
“1-Nartiang will be the first constituency in the state to set the record for the most number of winners,” said Sniawbha.
You don’t have to know the second theory of thermodynamics in physics to serve.
In 2019, Phrangki won the Shillong Premier League and the Meghalaya State League and scored 24 goals in these leagues.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday expressed his inability to fully recruit 12,541 SSA teachers. He said the government needs about Rs 200-300 crore to implement such a decision.
Despite the small area, the state has taken steps to do what it needs to do and is one of the first forest states in Asia to follow the 'Environmental State' the economy depends on nature; Development activities are based on nature banking and nature markers and the aim is to have an income that sustains natural resources.
Eugeneson won the mid-term elections in 2021 after the death of his father, Syntar Klas Sun.
Shillong, July 29: The Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana (DDU-GKY) Meghalaya on Tuesday held its CXO Meet 2022 at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The union, after finding that these shops do not have proper documents, has closed them down and ordered them not to open until they can provide the documents.
The union also warned that if it finds that the price hike of food items is only because there is a fear of the spread of COVID-19 in the state, it will take advantage to increase the price of food items. public in distress the party will close down such shops.
On this occasion, the MLA also donated a xerox machine for the needs of the school.
Khliehtyrshi lost 10 wickets in 19.4 overs.
One of the main highlights of the meeting was the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) between MFEC and NECTAR, which aims to provide cooperation and support for the development of you are not in the state.
They include Jarrett Medonlang Wanñiang of Christian Academy (Riatsamthiah), Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria of BK Bajoria School (Boyce Road), Angkit Tamang of Kendriya Vidyalaya (NEHU) and Rudra Singh Rathore of St. Xavier's Secondary School. Polo).
In the boys' under 14 category, KB Memorial School Wapung won the title by defeating Chiehruphi Secondary School in the tie breaker. to 3 -1 col.
Khliehriat, June 14: Tens of thousands of vehicles including heavy vehicles and small vehicles have been stranded on the National Highway-6 in Ratacherra, Kuliang, Dona and other parts of the country. The traffic jam started at about 6.30 pm and at the time of writing of this news, vehicles have not been allowed to pass.
Placards were also displayed demanding the implementation of the NRC and ILP in all the states of the North East and the rectification of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
The GDP estimate for the first quarter of the new fiscal year has been released by the NSO office of the Union Government.
Sources said that the arrival of letters from both the groups to the Governor's Office showing that both the groups have acknowledged the strength of the Governor's Office has shocked the Governor's Office. Therefore, the Lat has decided to appoint an Administrator in the KHADC, because of these problems.
The election campaign is now the biggest business.
The theme of the marathon is “Run Against Climate Change”.
He said that about 80% of the population of the state is still living through agriculture and livestock which has contributed only about 17% to the income of the state.
After being sworn in as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma immediately left for New Delhi to meet with the Union Ministers and the President of India.
" The scribe who said those words to Jesus was one who spoke only with his mouth without coming from the heart.
Ferdinand Nongkynrih, also known as Fendi, passed away on 5th June 2021 at Supercare Hospital Shillong.
Lependro Sangma was killed in the incident while Hendid was seriously injured.
We want the government to take the provisions of the VAB of KHADC,” said the vice president of the HSPDP.
Bah Lurshai died at Sohra CHC in critical condition.
It is not known whether the lack of toilets in rural areas will worsen the pollution of solid waste in urban areas. When we walk in urban areas, especially in garbage dumps, we cover our heads because of the terrible smell that comes from the garbage dumps.
The Minister was accompanied by Sports Officers, Engineers of the State Sports Council, office bearers of the Meghalaya Football Association and others.
We expect the people to elect leaders who want to preserve the land, customs and traditions of the country and the nation.
Ernest said the reason for holding the program in the morning is because Prime Minister Narendra Modi does not want the meeting to affect the traffic of the people especially the school children.
The tunnels have been in existence since Hamas took control of Gaza in
“When asked, Bah Paul said, “We are more concerned about the commercial buildings because there have been too many complaints about the construction of garbage by dumping garbage into the rivers or streams or too many wells. They were given to them and some of them did not have enough documents.
“It is difficult to complete the work when 25% of new vehicles come to register every month”.
The bread, the jhur, the food, the milk, the noodles, it has become a custom that when you pray, you don't eat the food or the food.
“After we understand the root cause, we will continue to demand that the NHM should look into this issue so that the service can be provided properly,” said Bah Charlie.
These will help them to become skilled and intelligent children.
Shillong: U Bah Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that he is afraid of only one thing and that is his defeat in the elections. fear, because one day he will have to die, whether at the hands of someone or by the will of God, because that is the fall to walk in the life of man one day Bah Kyrmen Shylla said that if he has done anything wrong to anyone, they have the right to take his life but if he has not done anything wrong to anyone, they have no right to take his life.
The road is flooded with water and many times vehicles are stopped and the NEC demands to build a proper road in the area for the development of the people of Sumer.
However, the meeting, which was called to discuss the matter, refused to accept the old system which was the voice of many churches and decided to uphold the decision of the executive committee.
Kynshi: Many houses have been destroyed by heavy cold weather in Nongriat village, West Khasi Hills District on Saturday evening.
Therefore, as I said earlier, this is the opinion on how we should act on COVID-19, I also agree with the Speaker and the Government that there is still a need to extend this lockdown until the end. this month for our good with the expansion in the relevant areas.
We also see that not only the tribal states like Naga, Mizoram, Meghalaya and others have split from Assam but many states within India have split and two or three have split in one state. rim.
Therefore, last night, we had an emergency meeting, where we gave a deadline to the BJP to respond or I and Bah AL Hek, we will leave the party and become the only members of the party. the State Legislative Assembly”.
The children of Israel sang this song: “By the rivers of Babylon we sat; there we wept when we remembered Zion...Those who took us captive said, 'Let us sing; They say unto us, Sing us a song of Zion...How shall we sing a song unto the LORD in a strange land” (Psalm 137:1-4).
“Without doubt, when it is ready, we will try to streamline the operation of the ad-hoc schools,” he added.
MSSASA also urged the State Government to expedite the appointment of the Chairman and members of the Meghalaya State Education Commission.
In conclusion, AI is the technology that will change the world as we know it from autonomous robots to personal assistants.
The HNYF leaders strongly condemned the government, alleging that the government has been involved in corruption without thinking about the problems faced by the people. he lives by working a day job to provide for the needs of the household.
The voice of the people is that they have stopped the protest temporarily to allow the government to show its work, as it has said verbally, but if the government does not show its work at all They will intensify their protests in the coming days.
She said that the government will do the right thing if it can ban those who stand on the roads and those who have blocked the footpaths or relocate them so that the roads and paths will be cleaned. Pedestrian crossings shall be used only for vehicular and pedestrian traffic.
He then sent the Dominion Agent Mr. GP Jarmar and Rangbah R. Tokin Rymbai as Assistant Agent to visit Nongstoin on the 18th and 19th March
Out of the six UDP MDCs, four have been confirmed to contest in 2018 but the ticket of which party they will contest has not yet been confirmed.
However, when they win and become MLAs, they go to the same party to thank them and to become members of that party.
However, such people forget that the reward they will receive, which at the end of the days, they will consider only a shempap ​​life, which the family, the neighbors, the neighbors, will really save the life of. such men, whose reward they have done, this now they have already received in life.
On the other hand, the MLA of the area, appealed to the people to support Lotsing Lakuna as he is a man who can bring about development in the area by working with him as an MLA. together with the general public.
In this regard, the leaders of the Meghalaya Boxing Association under the leadership of Bah Cornelius Kharhunai, President MBA, Bah Larry Kharpran, Joint Secretary BFI and Organizing Secretary of the 7th Elite Men National Boxing. Championships 2023", Dondor Marwein, Joint Secretary MBA, Daniel W Marbaniang Treasurer MBA, came to meet with the media as part of the announcement to the people of the state regarding the event. to this competition.
However, in the second phase, the Lampi Anchalik Border Development Committee, which was attended by Assam government officials, has emerged. They have sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma, demanding that the seven villages should not be transferred to Meghalaya.
Anthony also mentioned the unemployment in India especially the educated youth.
The last prophet was Malachi, in 397 B.C. Thus the 7 weeks were fulfilled according to Daniel 9:2
He said the government will do whatever is necessary to provide equipment, tar and doctors to provide services to the people of the area.
Many civil society organizations have expressed their opposition to the Ordinance as it will empower the District Council and open the way.
We cannot say that it is through religion that we will grow in humanity and morality.
He also sent a whatsapp message to all the members.
The fund for the construction of the stadium is T.20 lakh and was handed over by Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla to DMF Chairman and Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Baranwal. monday.
“Therefore, it is not necessarily decreasing but increasing.
It is also important to eat beforehand about two-three hours before bedtime.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram U-16 Boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy on the second day of the tournament in Cuttack today.
Proverbs 22:28.
The scientists from NEHU were delighted to visit the site to see this wonderful flower and they were able to harvest and take samples and said that they will investigate the values ​​of this flower. The flower 'Jah Khei' through scientific equipment will now allow them to study and produce a detailed article on the origin of this flower which blooms only once a year, especially when it blooms again until the end of the year. 2027.
Of the four arrested, Hopeful Nongtdu belongs to M/s HV Coke Limited and three others belong to M/S Yash Coke Limited.
The total number of cases has risen to 2,7
To ensure that there will be no disruption to traffic on the polling day for the Lok Sabha elections 2024 on July 4, the Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai, Please be informed that there has been a new traffic rule in Jowai today from 7:30 pm.
He warned that if the government continues to do so, it will encourage the youth of the state to walk the same path.
The spirit of fellowship means that Jesus enters the minds of people, puts on their shoes and knows where they are.
The Minister said the government has tried other ways to sign social agreements in the form of PPP Mode with other groups with the support of the NITI Ayog to start the Medical College.
West Midlands Police said the man, identified as Mohammed Abbkar, 28, from Edgbaston, Birmingham, central England, was arrested at this time. He will be produced before the court to explain the motive and reason for the attack on the two Muslims while they were returning from the place of worship on that day.
Speaking to media, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor said that the union is deeply saddened by the excessive exploitation of books by the vendors. , and it is on this basis that the union after many complaints has visited the shops selling books in Nongpoh market and found that they are taking advantage of selling more than the price set.
Police have registered a case against him under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POSCO) Act.
Regarding the refusal of some shopkeepers to take these syrnod, Bah Kitbok Mylliem Umlong, Social Secretary and in charge of the meat processing plant in Mawïong, said that Perhaps the shopkeepers who didn't have these syrnod in their shops, didn't come to cut the meat at all because those who came to cut the meat at this place especially the cows, the doctors They checked the health of the cows and gave them a syrnod to carry so that they could go to their shops.
“The allegation that there is money laundering in Nongkrem is wrong, yes we give assistance, those who fight against me also give assistance when they can, to say until money is used there is no,” he said. When asked about his goal if he wins as MLA, Bah Lamare said that his biggest goal is to build health facilities in Nongkrem constituency. There is currently only one PHC in Smit.
Lokesh Turaha took 6/14 while Abhishek Kumar took two wickets for nine runs.
The Reservation Policy of the Government is to reserve jobs for the three groups living in the State, namely the Garo and the Khasi-Jaintia.
One feature of the village that attracts a lot of tourists is the tradition followed in this village where people in this village do not use names when addressing each other, rather they just siaw or sound the voice when you call people.
Shylla said that the Additional Subordinate District Council Court, which was opened on that day, is located in Shillong and the judge there is. The appeal from the judge went to the High Court and under the judge there is an Additional Judge and under him there is a subordinate under the Subordinate District Council Court. Fourthly, he suggested that the name 'Rambrai Syiemship' should be written on the building.
The same is true in Nagaland, Mizoram or elsewhere.
One person was shot dead by the Border Security Force (BSF) last night on suspicion of smuggling cattle on Shillong-Dawki road near Mawshun and Pomshutia villages.
"On the ILP-6th ScheduleThe ILP is the Inner Line Permit or Pass, which is under the Eastern Bengal Regulation 1873, since the reign of Queen Victoria of England (1819-1901).
It may be recalled that on the 13th of this month, u u u u U u u HITlah Shabbat, u u u u U u u u u u ( u u u u u sent to u ur she Illemella Imachachachach acuachach acu means of u u u u u ni u na u ta ta ta u ta u tha ta u tha u lam urha and in this incident we have managed to release u u u but due to the severity of our injuries u u u u u died of my illness." .8 people were arrested in the incident.
Speaking on the petition submitted by Bah HS Diengdoh, which expressed the concerns of the people of Shilliang Um area and their desire to establish a Shilliang Um Community & Rural Development Block with its headquarters at Mawsaw. , to set up a Police Outpost at Umdohlun and to upgrade the Shngimawlein Health Sub Center to a Primary Health Center (PHC). Look carefully and examine first because you don't want to make a decision yet.
The workshop was attended by Dr. Jemimo Mawthoh, MLA, Bah Titus Chyne, MLA and 30 officials from various government departments, job seekers. and others including Principal Secretary MS Rao conducted the meeting.
Ms Wanniang also explained that the punishment for drug traffickers depends on the quantity or weight of the drugs.
Do you have yellow journalism ? Remember that each of us has our own contribution to the country and the nation.
It has been 44 years, not just by letter, but by resigning from the support of such a Prime Minister or immediately removing him from office.
The British, who ruled India and the Hima of Syiem Jaintia or Syiem Sutnga, when they saw that the Labangs and Nongphyllut were Pnars (Jaintias), did not separate them. This Elaka of the Dolloi Nongphyllut of Jaintia Hills has separated the Jaintiapur area which is now in Bangladesh from the Kut Sajar area which is now in North Cachar Hills.
This is in response to the hearing of the Supreme Court, which held today, where there was a dispute, in the court, on the powers of the Chief Executive Members, where the Khasi District Council, Vijay Hansaria, Senior Advocate, on behalf of the Rangbah Shnongs of Khasi Hills and also on behalf of the Dolloi of Jaintia Hills, who are involved in the case. The Khasi District Council, in the presence of Amit Kumar, who represented the Dolloi.
He said that the public meetings will start on the 8th of this month from Mawlai Mawtawar, followed by Mawiong on the 10th, Mawlai Petrol Pump on the 13th and end on the 15th at Mawlai Stand. Bus.
Therefore, through a request sent to the DC, the KSU has immediately demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should suspend the implementation of the Smart Meter Project in Ri Bhoi. MeECL department has already provided training and awareness to the public.
Earlier, Klevets and Natalia Vladislave were born in a bomb shelter in Odessa, Ukraine.
However, the CEM said that they will have to talk to the Executive Committee on this demand of the six villages.
Therefore, the party wants to make it clear that in any form, the party wants to get a good road.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides Movement (BSC) today celebrated the Thinking Day and Founder's Day. , Rovers, Ranger together with Unit Leaders came to participate.
The mother and the nine children will take time to return to their home country, the report said.
Male: Mr Johnwell G Momin – ProfessionalMr Jonathan Iawphniaw – AmateurFemale: Ms Daphisha Phanbuh Shullai – ProfessionalMs Teesta Rawat – Amateur.
This decision was taken at a meeting of the State Election Committee chaired by the President, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
The order will come into force with immediate effect and until further orders.
The Thailand Open has been a success for the Badminton team, with one of the country's players, Kiran George, winning the title. of the tournament against Shi Yuqi of China 21-18 22-20; After this victory, Kiran will prepare for the quarterfinal against Chinese Weng Hong Yang.
“We have also discussed to see that these land will return to Meghalaya and we will confirm this and I promise to the people of the State through talks with the Assam Government that we will be able to remove these land. "It's too late," said Bah Paul.
Therefore, assistants, players and others from outside the district are requested to come and report on the 14th.
Explaining on the allegation, Bah Hoping Kurbah, said that he did not see any intention to show force or to act against these guards in the area, but as a human being he has shortcomings. trying to do the best of the best, which led to mistakes and misunderstandings among fellow human beings.
Shillong: The opening of the market on the 26th October 2020 especially in the Jowai area, has caused a stir among the people because today the people from all over the country. They arrived at Musiang Market to sell jhur and jhep, but when they arrived at Musiang Market, they were blocked by the District Administration.
Shillong, June 23: The Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District have decided to form a group of Rangbah Shnongs, which will be known as the Union of Rangbah Shnongs (SRS), Ri-Bhoi East.
I sat down there near the dihsha.
During the programme, a workshop was held in the struggle to coordinate the traditions of the National Mushroom Day.
Shillong: There have been 60 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today.
On his part, he said that the COVID-19 pandemic is a disease that has affected the world and this is a challenge in the struggle to find ways to prevent and find a cure. fine.
This annual dorbar has been an important celebration – which also recognizes the dedication and contribution of the farmers in improving the quality of agriculture in the State.
In each written language, as compared with other foreign languages, it has been used to divide the words into parts according to their parts in order to clarify and improve the structure of words and to establish and translate words in writing. they didn't crane.
However, during the meeting with the Prime Minister, the discussion did not reach any conclusion due to the lack of funds of the state government.
Mawkhar had many chances in both halves but couldn't score, one of which was in the 17th minute. Justerwell Tham through Justerwell Tham but the ball he sent went wide.
Explaining the work of the Council, Bah Sebastian said that through this Council, the development projects and income generation of the Khasi Jaintia will be implemented through this Council with the funding of the Assam government.
It was only during the photoshoot with the Governor that Bah Ardent and the VPP MLAs came out of the House to photograph with the Governor.
The death toll has risen to
Before the end of the first half, Sailung Ïalong opened the scoring through Mebakynsai Pale in the 40th minute.
He said that as the Minister, he is trying and the engineers are also trying but their demand is increasing.
Recently I wrote and asked the people, whether they put drivers or masters with those who are poor or poor, because if they do, where will the car go, or how much will the house cost?
There are many reasons to include fiber-rich foods among your weight-loss diets.
According to many people who were close to Ma ieid, they said that Ma ieid Hoping came from a poor family and lived a childhood as a cowboy. However, he was a hardworking man who did not waste his precious time in his studies. He also became a teacher in which he taught the children in his village and he He taught the children not only in education but also in the art of trading and inheritance and in many ways. and he said unto them, There is one enemy, and that is the devil.
The witness in the PIL was Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA of KHNAM from North Shillong constituency.
We express our concern about the condition of the road,” he said.
BSF troops in Meghalaya have arrested 27 Bangladeshis since July who smuggled into the Indian border.
Regarding this incident, the CoRP leaders led by Bah Pateng Myrsing as Working President of the CoRP, Bah Pateng Myrsing, have also visited the patient to find out the truth. The patient also said that the doctors have been stingy without mentioning his illness.
The match will be played again today between West Khasi Hills DCA and West Jaintia Hills DCA from Zone 1 of Group B.ill.
The seven villages which have not received ration are Nongbah, Dewiong, Mawtongreng, Thang Kyrta, Pdang, Lyngsteng and Jaraiñ.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: It will be a memorable day for the residents of more than 125 villages in the Ri Bhoi Mihngi, because what they have been waiting for a long time to get their own C&RD Block, the Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, laid the foundation stone at Khapmara and at the same time inaugurated the Bhoirymbong C&RD Block. They are located in Lumdaitkhla, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong, Naitung 24: The District Administration today announced the 144 CrPC, after there was a suspicion that the Sengbhalang may turn to the Secretariat tomorrow, to protest against the. I'm going to New Shillong.
When he reached the top, when he tried to park near the hospital grounds, another person said, “It's a doctor's parking lot” and so he had to leave the Civil Hospital grounds to park at the Red Cross.
The source of the Brahmaputra River originates in Tibet at the foot of the Mangkashang Mountains and flows east through Tibet and then enters Assam through Arunachal Pradesh and North Lakhimput.
Speaking to reporters, Bah L.Nongrum President FKJ GP Sohra said, “The arrival of the Marathon in Sohra is like a threat to Sohra”.
If you are among those who choose to eat only vegetables and avoid meat, it is even more important to include protein foods in your diet, plant-based foods, less likely to contain protein.
All government offices, schools, Magistrate Court and banks in East Jaintia Hills District will be closed on this day.
The election campaign was controversial and there was also a UDP campaign campaign in which the speaker used the word sih when explaining the support and calls of the children to support the Bomb (UDP).
JShylla confirmed the new office bearers in the presence of JSU Publicity Secretary T Mukhim, Waheh Shnong S Khynriam, Village Secretary S Sumer and others.
From Nartiang they leave for Mawlasnai, Byrnihat and Beltola, Assam.
Former Bengaluru FC captain Carles Cuadrat has been signed by another team in the Indian Super League (ISL) East Bengal. new team member in conjunction with a two-year contract.
The United Nations will celebrate its founding anniversary on 24 March and since 2015 the UN has called on everyone to end world poverty and protect the planet and ensure that by man shall enjoy peace and prosperity.
We will continue to take care of our son, Azad and we will also work together in the production of films in the name of the Paani Foundation and other activities, which we will do with love”.
In the past, when the village had not turned this place into a fish sanctuary, there were fish but it is not like now,” said the Waheh Shnong of Umlyngsha.
The total number of votes in the entire Raid was 1582 and the turnout was more than 1200, according to Hilarius Peter Pyngrope, Chairman of the Election Committee of Sawraid.
However, until that moment, no one came to take the water for testing.
It is also learned that the Ministry of Education of Meghalaya is preparing a memorandum to send to the Government of Meghalaya to remove the government schools which have low enrollment.
I would like to thank my supervisor, Dr Sarifuddin Gazi, an experienced professor and head of the Department of Chemistry, USTM for continuing to guide and encourage me throughout the BSc course.
“We (State Government) cannot prepare the SOP at will.
The meeting was attended by the owners of 83 hotels and the police gave them the rules what they should and should not do. They stayed in their hotels with the intention of not doing anything wrong.
Some of the residents have expressed their anger over the government's failure to complete the project by the 23rd of this month.
According to Bah Latiplang, the Council will first seek clarification from the government on what basis it intends to introduce the Gram Sabha in the villages, which intends to abolish the Dorbar Shnongs by There is no Panchayat Raj in the state.
“This is a proud and happy moment because the state has not had its own patriotic song for 52 years,” he said.
Khliehriat, November 19: The 2nd RYC Bataw Knockout Football Tournament 2023-24 has been held in the quarter final round.
On the claim that the Congress has supported the UDP candidate, Dr Donkupar said there is no such thing and there is no understanding with it, as the Congress has its own candidate in this regard. the election.
He said that the treatment of the jaidbynriew by the government is the time for the people to protest against the government.
“Remember now thy Creator in the days of thy youth, while the evil days come not, nor the years draw nigh, when thou shalt say, I have no pleasure in them;
We must not forget that more than 50 years ago, there was only one ethnic group. ).
It is obvious that even the police and health workers cannot detect every driver.
Explaining about the cremation ground, Shallam said, “It saves time, it saves cost, it saves the smell from the smoke” and added that it takes only two hours to burn the human body.
Promotion will be based on their performance and there will also be a role to play from time to time and their ability to become managers or teachers of other teachers.
Dr. WR Kharlukhi in his speech as the chief guest recalled the great contributions of poet Soso Tham to fill the literature of the Khasi people.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Thursday said that he will seek clarification regarding the allegation of misleading information on the letter issued by the Ministry regarding the KHAD ( Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act, 1997.
Replying to this, the Minister in charge of Factories, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that from 2013-14 to 2017-18, eight factories have been set up.
However, Ruud managed to score a 4-1 victory and put Rune Shabar closer to his fourth goal.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed checks to the farmers under the FOCUS, YESS, NRLM CIF schemes and also distributed piglets to the farmers of the area.
Dr Sima Saigal, Associate Professor, NCERT-NERIE and Prof H.Srikant, Professor of Political Science, NEHU. persons to participants including schools, college teachers and principals.
“We would like to remind you that as it appeared in the newspapers on 29th June 2020 that CEM T.Chiwat has misused up to Rs.4,00,00,000/- (four crore tyngka).
Shillong, Nailar, 20: The Union Minister of State for Home Affairs, Ajay Kumar Mishra on Thursday confirmed that the peace talks between the Union Government, the State Government and the HNLC have progressed.
At present, the same contractor is carrying out the maintenance of the road and it is expected to be completed in due course.
In fact, MPs who are members of the Parliamentary Standing Committee have already visited Meghalaya and other States in the North East to consult and meet for further understanding regarding the amendment of the Constitution. The Constitution of the country.
The BSF soldier understood that there was a danger to him and fired twice in the air but the driver of the truck did not stop and tried to hit him.
The CEM of KHADC said that to hold two positions depends on the ability of the leader to work. I've been an MDc for decades without doing anything.
After the public meeting at the site, the three organizations also unveiled a monument to these two men which was erected near the site.
Another person was rescued after 6 hours of hard work due to the heavy rainfall all day long.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong, Bah A.Lipon, said that at the time of the earthquake, no one witnessed the earthquake. saw what happened at around 5.30 pm.
Thus we too have a close relationship with our Lord.
According to the order, the district magistrate has allowed the contractors who work for the shipment companies to work in the same village or village and only 50 percent.
Of course, parents have a role to play in contributing to their children in terms of how to elect leaders, but as it is, there will always be a bias to say elect candidates who mothers and women.
“It has been decided that Operation Hillstorm-3 will continue for three months.
" Toi is the nature of people to look at their neighbors.
In June this year, VHAI held a National Conference on Tobacco or Health where many topics were discussed ranging from the income generation in the production of tobacco and how to tobacco control in India, how to bring in authorities to control tobacco, the environment, and the development of digital strategies for tobacco control.
The elders, women and even the youth who watched the programme, told U Rupang today, that Juliana Kurbah, said that the programme, by ong “Strong Khasi women”.
We are fortunate that our domestic system is democratic.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The MPCC Election Committee today decided to send the names of Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh to the AICC along with three other candidates from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
At the same time, Kejriwal also announced that all auto rickshaw and taxi drivers in Delhi will be paid T.5,000 per head to help them in this end of income decline. young man.
The Executive Committee of the General Assembly of the Presbyterian Church of India (PCI) on Tuesday discussed the proposal to implement the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
We don't often hear Bah Bull shouting these words – “For the sake of the country and the nation” – but he has worked hard body and soul to protect us from the influence of the authorities.
Biplab Kumar Deb wrote on Twitter that 20 of them have just arrived from abroad and three others have been in contact with those who have been infected.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth has sent for all the coal owners who have loaded their coal to come to his office.
He urged that the empowerment of the Rangbah Shnong is in accordance with the provisions of the Act empowered by the government and as the Village Leaders they have the right to run the affairs of the Village. and as the residents, they also need to cooperate for the sake of peace and stability and also for various development projects that will benefit the residents.
Schools also play an important role in teaching children morality, not only education.
After Matric he studied Class XI-XII Science (PCB) at Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Those of you who are far away from block 1 or block 2 please don't worry. We who live in this village have a lot of problems. Those who are from Assam and those who are from Maghalaya also can affect our agriculture here at the border.
He said that the reason for the reputation of Byrnihat as a polluted place in the country, they don't know the root cause, because this pollution comes from somewhere, whether it is from the border. There are many factories in Meghalaya and Assam as well as many residents and public vehicles passing through the NH-6 in the country. Flood District.
New Delhi: The Women Reservation Bill, known as the 'Nari Shakti Vandan Adhiniyam', was introduced in the Lok Sabha today. 33 per cent for women in the Lok Sabha and State Legislative Assemblies, but this will come into force after the re-division of constituencies, which should start in
Petrol in Meghalaya has now reached Rs 90 per litre and diesel has reached Rs 80 per litre.
Shillong, June 29: Many truck drivers have been shocked by the seizure of their vehicles on the highway at Bañiun, Upper Shillong today. The vehicle was heading to Sohra, Pynursla and Shillong.
There is also a campaign called “Meghalaya Deserves Better”, which exposes the failures of the MDA government. However, the state will soon see a fierce election campaign through social media using modern technologies.
“I used to ask these days if you elected leaders, what kind of people would you elect? Many of them said, leaders who can meet our needs.
In a statement sent by Samla Spehsylli Thabah, Education Secretary, the Seng said, “Through your hard work, it will be a tribute to the parents who have worked hard to give you a bright future.
He called on the residents to stand up for their rights before electing their leaders, by not accepting money that comes to their homes because if the residents make a mistake in electing them, “It will be a great loss for the residents of the village,” he said.
However, he declined to name any of those who want to contest the mid-term elections from Tura.
Vice-President J.A Lyngdoh conducted the meeting at the office of the BJP Meghalaya and many issues related to the CAB were discussed. JA Lyngdoh, BJP MLA Sanbor Shullai, General Secretary Banshailang Khongwir and Vice President of the party said that the party has shown a lot of concern about the situation in our state. “Members have said that the release of Sixth Schedule land alone will not affect many”.
He said that if other organizations build houses for foreigners, the KSU has no problem in building houses for foreigners in this area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mawshynrut Circle (HNYF) has supported the Joint Action Committee (JAC) under the banner of the Lyngngam Indigenous Federation (LIF). The SNSS has decided to stop the illegal entry of mynder and to ban foreigners from buying land in coal mining areas.
These incidents have also started in Mylliem constituency where media reported that Hamlet Dohling of the UDP will not sit at all to release Teilinia Thangkhiew.
In Gaza, the death toll has risen to 413 from Israeli air strikes.
Nongstoiñ, June 29: The time has come for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to upgrade the Kyrshai Sub Health Centre.
Now you don't have to ask, who is Jaintia? The Jaintia people migrated to this area thousands of years ago.
We hope to complete the second phase so that we can mark the exact boundary.
According to him, the award has been in existence for many years but has been lost for many years.
They are regretting that the government conducts examinations for recruitment when they go to study from the government department and on this, they request Conrad to argue that the government should recruit them immediately according to their priorities.
There are also Catholics in the Diocese of Shillong.
Tomorrow, the weather will be clear and cloudy in some parts of the state.
The Seng demands that Ampareen should show and mention those villages in Mawlai which have turned into slums.
Meghalaya lost four wickets for the loss of four wickets in the first innings.
She said that the RTI requested by the Central Government Department is on the allocation of T.104.12 crore.
About 77% of the customers confirm that it is more convenient to shop online during such festive season and receive the items faster.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the CEM, HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that the HANM's demand from the KHADC not to renew the Trading License and Labor License is because of the The influx of foreigners into the country has been very high.
Speaking today, the Shillong Reach Ministry in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills Police at the Police Hospital, Khyndai Lad, near Sardar Police Station.
Vaccination will prevent cat deaths.
From the family background, it is known that Heprit Rupari comes from a poor family.
Ardent said that the VPP invites all the people to come on the 19th of this month at the parking lot at the Additional Secretariat to wait for the news that will be released after the All Party Meeting. On this day, the Party will announce how to proceed with the demand for the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
Although the player managed to score, it was ruled offside.
Shillong, November 15: A day before the arrival of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Shillong, a BJP leader has resigned and will soon join the NPP. The resigned BJP leader is Bah Ehkupar Nongrum, State Executive Member of the BJP in the state.
He said that there are many reasons why he does not want to say that it will be too late to start the maintenance of this road.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pynïaid congratulated the Election Commission of India for writing a letter to the VPP leader seeking clarification on the violence in the NPP meetings. The VPP leaders have urged the VPP leaders to change their minds to bring peace and order because during his stay in Umsning he had to order the police to take action against those who came to disrupt the meeting. the NPP to avoid any conflict.
In order for the schemes to reach 75 to 85% success in implementation, transparency and accountability from the village headmen is required.
The union also urges the Meghalaya government to take action to gather the people of Raid Nongtung from the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars Shnongs, Rangbah Shnong Unions, Raid Nongtung Syiems to find out the truth before the boundary demarcation. “The party will not allow these places to go to Assam,” said Bah Bandari.
High Court Advocate Shankar Pandey said, “This program will instill patriotism in all the people of the country regardless of where they live in India.
“We will inform this to the NPP leaders in the state but we will also leave it to the MDCs of the party regarding the work in KHADC. “It happened suddenly without any knowledge,” said Bah Metbah.
That is why the party has not wanted to make any comments that could lead to political activity in this regard.
One of the workers, who was supposed to fire the missiles, which flew into Israel, claimed to have seen the hand of God, in throwing down the missiles fired by Hamas into the sea.
Khosal said the meeting discussed issues related to the performance of officers and promotion.
I know that all the MDCs are in doubt, one gets how much and the other gets how much, it is better that we are clear here.
The decision was taken by the three Chief Executive Members (CEMs) including the CEMs of KHADC, JHADC and GHADC held in the city. Shillong.
It was also agreed to meet the Chief Minister and the leaders of the State to pray and express the wishes of the Forum for the peace and progress of the State and the nation.
The US bombing has destroyed the militants' bases, warehouses and drone manufacturing facilities in the two countries.
According to information received, these two religious leaders faced the anger of the people and after a while they were taken to the police station in the area.
In order to assist the people, the Search and Rescue Team (SRT) of the Meghalaya Fire and Emergency Services, Eastern Range has recently conducted training for the volunteers of Kynshi Bangla village on how to provide assistance. to the public in the event of any natural disaster, whether flood, earthquake, hurricane and so on.
“We have not yet taken a decision and we will meet again next month to resolve the differences between us,” said KHADC CEM Bah Teinwell Dkhar. He said that the Executive Members who have resigned and the MDCs who have withdrawn their support from the UDA are still standing on the same ground and have not changed their decision.
The funeral service will be held on the 8th October 2023 at the Catholic Church, Mawdatbaki, Pata.
This has been one of the reasons for the spread of COVID-19, where as of July 1, 2020, the number of cases of COVID-19 in Meghalaya has reached least compared to the country as a whole.
Rambrai MLA KP Pangniang, who was present at the church, said that on receiving the information at 10 pm, he left the church to rush to the church. Arriving at the scene, he said that the assistance from the police and other government departments is already available and he praised that they have been able to do the necessary work.
Through this statement we hope that you will implement these requests of us as the people of Sohryngkham Mawryngkneng Area.
In addition, the Khasi Pnar medicine; The Social Forestry Department of West Jaintia Hills District also came to take part in the exhibition.
Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum said that KHNAM has gone to support Pynshngaiñ on the basis of The PDF (Front) has misused the District Council just to win elections.
Shillong: The State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) on Tuesday recovered the body of another victim from a landslide at Rynngaiñ in East Khasi Hills District.
Meanwhile, Bah Wahlang said that so far the number of people from Manipur who are still staying in Shillong is only
The Minister was responding to a call attention notice by Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiemlieh that the Forest Department has failed to curb the smuggling of rnga in the state.
The family members of the deceased have requested anyone to inform them by calling No.9612533922, 9615894358, 9612085903,
Until now we have seen that the Government has fear and not action regarding the demand to change the Reservation Policy,” said the statement.
Similarly, in the states, it is known that there are those policemen who watch over the intruders, at night, in the darkness and even in the morning, there are those who watch over the intruders. the arrival of foreigners to the border of the State.
The match was played between Nongmadan Sports Club and Maitshaphrang Football Club at UUP SC Ground URKSEW. Nongmadan Sports Club won 1-0
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Commander Shangpliang, the producer of the film, confirmed that the film was shot in Mumbai.
However, the number of these Polling Stations will change as the elections are approaching,” he added.
Mr. Lutphai Dkhar from the UDP.
Bah Peter T Passah, MCS, EAC and BDO of Mylliem Block and Mawlai Block, who was the Chief Guest, gave a speech on the occasion. He also said that the children should not be limited to the classroom, but should have the opportunity to participate in many other competitions which will help in building the future. their.
Speaking to media, Titosstarwell Chyne, Chief Executive Member of KHADC, said that he did not know that all the employees were sitting and leaving work, because they did not inform them that they were working. stop working today.
Men Kmie was surprised when she heard this, so she asked.
What are those things in such a world? The lust of the flesh, the lust of the eyes, the pride of life, and so on.1 John 2:15-1
Speaking to Mawphor, Gurjit Singh said that they have proposed to the government eight rules including the following three rules. All 342 households with a new land of 200 SQ Meter and the land should also be in the European Ward and also that the government should allocate funds for each household to get a new house.
Speaking at the meeting, Rakkam Sangma, Minister of Education, Government of Meghalaya, said that this is a platform for the region to discuss the transformation of education in the state through the implementation of the He also expressed his satisfaction to see that some schools have come forward to implement this new policy. .
In addition, another certificate by the Acting Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima dated 27/7/2018 which has the same boundaries and signed by the Acting Syiem and stamped by him.
Renik is also the Chairman of the committee appointed by the government for the first phase of the demarcation.
The Excise Officer said that the examination has started with the examination and after the examination those who pass the examination will have to take the written examination and those who pass the examination will have to take the written examination. The examination will be held in the personal examination.
Because it was a fierce match, from the first half to the second half, the two teams couldn't score, so for the winner and loser, the referees took it to the Tie-Breaker and Rongdop SC beat Umdihar SC 3-2 goals to secure the title of the RBDSA tournament. Shillong: Three cricketers have won the RBDSA tournament. Meghalaya have been selected to attend the National Cricket Academy Camp in Ananthpur, Andhra Pradesh from 24th July to 18th November
The Man of the Match went to Precious Tang of Madanthad Thadmuthlong (14 goals) and the Player of the Tournament went to Ioomaiki Lamare. Dangri Phawa is the son of Mowkyndeng.
Police said that six persons are suspected of being involved in the incident.
He said the government should not impose rules on district councils like the British government imposed on Syiem Tirot Singh in the past.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of PHE and MLA of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, today said, “According to my opinion, it will not be the case. Uranium is dangerous because there is no mining of uranium but if there is such a mining of uranium, as they have alleged, then the researchers who have the necessary equipment should go and search for uranium. you smoke".
The first place went to the Indian Army and the second place went to the Assam Rifles.
According to the residents who responded today, at the ADM in the presence of OC Pynursla, the EAC has directed the residents who have ration cards to write to the EAC if they still have ration cards. there are many others who do not receive food or are deprived so that it can do what is necessary.
East Garo Hills SP Davies Marak said the suspect managed to escape through the sky light of the toilet at 3 pm. “We have ordered an inquiry into the escape of the suspect and what the eight patrol policemen on duty did at that time,” said Marak.
“The implementation of this project will depend on the availability of funds,” said the KHADC official and added that the matter will be looked into after the budget session of the Council next month. .
Neymar, 32, is one of Saudi Arabia's highest-paid players, alongside Karim Benzema.
It has been three years since the Government conducted the examination.
The LRO on Tuesday evening spread information through Twitter that members of the KSU were involved in the incident at Mahadev Khola.
MM Danggo, greeting Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP:Wlytan.
The injured were identified as Treiborlang Suting, 12, Shanborlang Suting, 11, brothers and another identified as Budlang Ryndong, 11 years old. lives in the village of Pahamrioh Them.
We cannot forget her joint efforts along the border of Ri Khasi Jaintia since 1999 and especially her contribution and hard work in informing us about many of the problems of Ri War as well. At the time of the attack, the Khar Bangladeshis entered the Pyrdiwah area.
It is estimated that 80% of the people who lost their homes due to natural disasters are women, due to the gender gap in income and social status.
Speaking to Mawphor, UDP Pynursla President Bah Aihok Khongmalai said that the news that the UDP does not have a candidate is far from the truth.
In Arm Wrestling, 4 men and 1 woman.
The KSU-Laban Circle has sent a petition to the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to demand the appointment of security forces in this area. people who have destroyed this place.
Suddenly they realize that they have fallen, it is out of fear that they have done all this,” said Sangma.
However, it is impossible to say that the MDA government should be praised for listening to the voice of the people as the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that this government is listening to the voice of the people.
Therefore, regarding the building, the KHADC will send a letter to the Assam government to immediately stop the plan to continue the construction of the building at Khanapara, he added.
My God is joy, he is restored, he is joy, he is a source of joy; my god is my God.
Shillong, Nailar 6: A GNLA suspect identified as Bishnu M. Sangma has escaped from the Government Hospital in Williamnagar, East Garro Hills.
“The price of food items and essential commodities such as rice, umphniang, sugar, piat and other vegetables and the increase in the price of tyndong lyer shet the state government has not yet taken any measures. “There are ways and means to control the price of them,” said Bah Roykupar.
The Minister said that the plan to build the railway line has been going on for a long time since the time of Captain Williamson Sangma who wanted to connect Guwahati and Bangladesh via Banghmara. railroad.
Whether it is in education, nature, politics, we understand all these because of the precious life of mankind,” said Bah Warjri.
Samla Sumarlang represented India in the tournament which will be held on the 9th and 10th of this month.
She said that the demand of the teachers has been going on for a long time and the state government has not turned its attention to them. he shall not punish the teachers as he does now.
Mizoram came second with 18 gold, 10 silver and 9 bronze medals.
Don't believe in BJP from now on.
Members of the party did not leave the scene and carried placards to continue shouting slogans against the MDA Government until the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, called for talks.
The Minister will also lay the foundation stone for the development of the Gauhati Medical College and Hospital.
Recruitment and unemployment shall not be discriminated against from the time of announcement of vacancies to the manner of appointment of employees.
The UNSC and the United Nations Security Council are composed of 16 countries.
AIS The Sujadumbur tree is a tree with large fruit, it grows well in Israel and in other parts of the world, in English it is called "Fia Tree"
To summarize, many of the farmers are still poor in income but they cannot leave farming because there is no other source of income.
In a statement, the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong said the Cabinet has accepted the proposal of the Secretariat Administrative Department (SAD).
In a statement sent by Receive Pator, Secretary of the JAC, he said that the decision to ban the dumpers was taken at a meeting attended by all the leaders of the JAC. The decision was taken after they saw and found that the road from Warmawsaw to Patharkhmah, has collapsed quickly, due to the overloading of dumpers carrying Shyiap.
Kyntiew Shaphrang, the winner, received a cash prize of Rs 20,000 and a trophy while Pomlum Higer Secondary School, Baniun, the runner-up, received Rs 10,000 and a trophy.
Ronnieson Wahiang, MCS, has been transferred and appointed as Deputy Secretary, Forest and Environment Department, Shillong.
He recalled that during the time of Dr Mukul Sangma, he introduced the Dual Postm but who resigned as MDC first, so those who deserve respect should be respected.
Through this decision, all public gatherings, cinemas, bar parties, funerals, birthday parties and Serie A matches have been banned. lut sbak.
Eugneson Lyngdoh MLA of the UDP from Mawphlang constituency, who is also a well-known ISL football star, came to campaign for Polestar Nongsiej. UDP candidate for Nongstoin constituency.
The union has found that the building has remained vacant until now and this is the reason why the PWD has not handed over the building to the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) for full implementation.
In a statement issued by the Rangbah Shnong of Jaiaw Laitdom, Bah D Marbaniang, Bah JS Cajee and Bah SB Kharbangar, they said that during the meeting held on Tuesday, They expressed the mistake of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri which did not remember to inform the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri which is a neighboring village to connect the bridge.
He urged everyone to cooperate in this campaign so that the campaign will be a success.
He said that the government should provide quarters for them to stay while they are working and when they have finished, it is at the discretion of the government.
Meanwhile, she said that she knows that there are many people who have experienced and been involved in such practices but who do not dare to confess or confess for fear of losing their jobs. or that their working relationship with their colleagues will be broken.
For many Christians it is the day of the Lord's victory over the most terrible forces that the evil one uses to tempt people to forget or fight against the supreme power of God.
On the other hand, the CEM also explained about the demarcation process which is now underway in Phase II in which KHADC is also involved especially in Block II where there are about 23 villages. The KHADC has already visited the EC 10 months after the appointment of the EC and expects that through the participation of the villages to express their wishes to be in Meghalaya, the border settlement will be carried out according to the plan. All the states of Meghalaya and Assam have agreed.
The Committee shall submit its report to the Executive Committee within 10 months.
The Committee completed its recommendation and submitted it to the KHADC in 1997, during the tenure of CEM Bah RR Makdoh.
This is an urgent need of the nation,” said Bah Pynshngai.
The protesters blocked the entrance gate to the school to prevent the vice chancellor from leaving the school.
In this regard, the hospital sent a letter on Tuesday saying that there was no shortage of medicines at the hospital, but the patients who died were those who came for treatment. during the time of their illness or in the last part of their treatment.
Due to the lack of transformer, the staff of PHC Pongtung have been forced to leave the market.
On the opening day, many matches were held between the teams.
According to Sushri Uma Bharati, the Board has not been functioning in Assam and in this regard, it is necessary to make this Board functional and necessary.
He also promised to boost trade in the area through mineral resources, to upgrade and improve the road to make it easier for drivers to reach Shillong, Majai and Shella.
Sangma said he had conveyed to Amit Shah that the root cause of the incident was the long-standing border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
“We have arrested the suspect of tied up Bah Rishan identified as Vijay Sahani and recovered T.308500,” said SP (City) Bah SA Rynjah. day.
“The suspension is the party's responsibility and he is still a Congress MLA”.
In fact, politics is an important and special part of the country, whether in the home, in the village, in the country.
In his speech, he recalled that our nation has produced many leaders who are swordsmen, such as Tirot Singh Syiem, Mon Bhut, Kheiñ Kongor, Phan Nonglait, who have fought for the rights of the people. From Jaintia Hills came Kiang Nangbah, Suwar Daloi, Long Lyngdoh, Kha Dhar, Raij Pamtadong, U.K. Myllon Daloi (Mynso District), Monchu Sumer (Raliang District), Kiri Dhar Shangpung District and others.
Meghalaya's victory in the semifinal is the first time this season that the state has won two matches in a row.
There are houses, children's playgrounds, a fish pond and the beauty of the surrounding area which attracts visitors to this place.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: At the meeting of the Congress leaders, which was held today, in which the chairman from Delhi, came to attend, there was a heated discussion, among the MLAs of the party. The AICC has decided whether to remove the two ministers, who are involved in corruption charges, including Deborah Marak, Minister of Social Welfare and Deborah Marak, Minister of Social Welfare. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Urban Affairs, who has been accused of being involved in the recruitment of Lower Primary School teachers.
The party is pleased to oppose any development project which violates the rights of our indigenous people.
The small group had to express the meaning of this song.
At the time of writing, the body of the driver of the truck has not been recovered from the vehicle and the vehicle is still in the same place.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that there is no problem if these two parties cooperate in this year's MP election. Robertjune Kharjahrin, MP of the RDA, has won the election. He said that the reason why these two parties have come together now is because of the reason. They have held many meetings between the UDP and the HSPDP and the people have asked, Why are the Riewlum parties divided and don't have the unity to work together? The clear answer is why I came to spend my time here in Mawkyrwat to explain our unity as Riewlum parties and I am pleased that the people who have the same spirit as these two parties and They have the same goal by uniting together and forgetting all the shortcomings to move forward in the cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP. the elderly, the elderly, as well as the parents and the youth before any activities are carried out in society and in government. food.
SCA-B top scorer Bishes Chetri took wickets for 2/27 in six overs.
On the Mount of Olives, Jesus' disciples asked him a question.
Will they form a government after the elections?
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the chief guest of the program said that if these 539 people who have contracted the disease meet together and come to ask how they got the disease, there will be to say that they have this disease because they used drugs in the past and some say that they got positive because they live a short life and some say that they get this disease There are many other reasons to tell and it is for these reasons that we must be disciplined in our lives so that we can get rid of this disease.
In his speech, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the chief guest expressed his gratitude to the Seng Samla Shnong and the village as a whole for organizing this tournament.
The world is too ugly! Why doesn't God do anything? Tip What else are you waiting for? Now, read more of this poetry below to understand how much the women of this MOTHER-NAUTHTY era really have become sad and bad.
Why did World War II break out from 1939 to 1945? It is a misconception that if Japan is destroyed, the world will be at peace.
Many people don't even think about being clean.
India's natural gas adoption strategy has led to a reduction in GHG emissions of 566 MMT between 2014-15 and 2021-2
On the allegation by the Nongkrem MLA that the swine flu has occurred since the government started distributing piglets imported from outside the state, Bah Hek said; “We are not yet a self-sufficient state in terms of pig production and we still have to rely on outside the state.
On the other hand, the Chief Adviser of the party expressed the need to bring about change and develop Jaintia Hill which is a part of Bri Hynniewterp.
Even a Christian from across the sea came to show the way in writing.
Shoemaker was buried on the moon in 1998, arranged by Celestis.
These are a few words to remind the nation, “When Andrew Jackson died, someone asked, will he go to heaven? And the answer was, “He will if he wants to.
“You have entered the territory of Assam, so we cannot take responsibility for your safety,” said the Mizoram police.
These rowers include Elizabeth Vincent, Batskhem Nongbak and Pynshngain Kurbah who have been selected to represent India in foreign competitions.
Samuel L Kynshi, a player of Mairang United, played better than the others and scored the first goal for his team. Mairang Cules scored the first goal in the 37th minute from a penalty spot and the next in the 53rd and 76th minutes. Mairang United scored the first goal of the match.
Hangzhou, March 07 : As India reached 100 medals at the 19th Asian Games in Hangzhou on Saturday, India's squash player Anahat Singh and Jaggy Shivdasani won the title. to make history in this tournament.
Income Tax officials have seized T.9 crore from a dewbilat quarry belonging to a DMK leader. The DMK has not alleged that there is a lyndet conspiracy against the money laundering.
On the other hand, the union has promised that if the job is given to foreigners, the union will not allow foreign companies to come and work in the area. They have written to the Chief Minister to cancel the tender and issue another one.
Although this day has been celebrated since 1983, history tells us that since 1962, US President John F. Kenndey has spoken of the need to recognize the rights of consumers. encourage a mass movement for rights as consumers.
However, many of those who applied said that they did not receive it.
