The union has found that there are no ATM machines in these areas and most of the people have to stand in long queues to withdraw money. beyond.
He was born on 14 October 1942 and had six children, three boys and four girls.
This road connects Sutnga, Jalaphet, Moolait, Samasi, Mynthlu, Pala, Umkyrpong and other villages. the bullet is dead.
Through the trees, and the cows and the cows, they have disappeared.
The names of the standbys are Koijam Ranjita (Manipur), Ajima Sangma (Meghalaya), Vanlalremtluangi (Mizoram), Alemienla (Nagaland) and Tshering Ongmu Lepcha (Sikkim).
The VPP has written to the Chief Minister recently expressing its concern over the unsuitability of Rakkam A Sangma to hold the Ministry of Education. .
He said that this is not only the case in West Khasi Hills District but also in many government offices where government employees harass the people who come to seek help and There are also cases where a job that can be completed within a day takes months until it is explained to the public.
For the final, the process of selecting the winners will be 50% votes from the fans of each/ each contestant and 50% votes from the judges selected in order to judge in the final match.
On the issue of the MTET Exam which will be held on 1st November 2023, the Minister in charge said that the answers written by the students will be the same as the answers. Incorrect and confused keys will not affect them.
This comes after Israel urged various international agencies to end diplomatic relations with Iran and to isolate Iran as they did Russia over the invasion. against Ukraine in recent years.
In these days, it has been seen that the farmers of Ri Bhoi District as well as in East Khasi Hills (Khatar village) who used to cultivate Kba, Krai, Phan and Shriew have not left the land where they cultivate. The following year, Synsar was planted as a permanent plant and this has caused a lot of trouble to the neighboring farmers because the land has been destroyed. rep their spirit.
There are also those who are so poor that they cannot even send their children to school.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary said the North Eastern Council (NEC) which is the Nodal Agency for the economic and social development of the North East has been instrumental in my works.
She said that as part of increasing fish production and income of fish farmers, the department has implemented the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission (MSAM) and the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana. PMMSY) within the State.
Mookyndur beat Wasa Utd 3-2
Lucky-star Dhar tied 56 runs from 49 balls and Peterson Sangma tied 40 runs from 18 balls. 2 wickets and 27 runs.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, as part of the celebration of World Tobacco Day, Dr Caleb Harris, Associate Professor and Head of Department, Surgical Oncology at NEIGRIHMS said, “In Meghalaya, 70 out of 100 cases of tuberculosis are caused by tobacco products and most commonly tuberculosis is caused by pipeline disease. esophageal cancer,” said Dr Caleb.
One of these initiatives that the government has launched to encourage the youth is the PRIME program which has brought many benefits to the residents of the state especially to the youth who want to start their own business.
The leader of the group, Bah Bashai Marbaniang, said that the Awaken India Movement through the Meghalaya State Unit has prepared a world wide public demonstration with the whole of India. , which will be held on Saturday 20th November 2021 at 10 pm at Motphran and will begin with a meeting in which there will also be speakers from the On the other hand, the group urged the responsible citizens whether they have already received the vaccine or not but as citizens they have the free will.
Rana has been fined T.24 lakh and all members of the 1st XI, including the Substitute, have been fined T.6 lakh or 25% of the salary. of them which is also a still low fine.
Those who attended the 25th Anniversary of the school included Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, who was the chief guest, Bah Balajied Ranee MDC, Ridian Syiem, Rangbah Shnong of Mawlong, Bah H Langi, Rangbah Shnong Mawlong, Chairman, MC, Bah Remington Syiem, Bah Baseisoh Syiem, Secretary and other dignitaries. this area.
“On the part of Bah Biangbor Paliar, in his speech, he said, “This is the first time that the party has taken the initiative to help build this house and this is a great blessing.” .
Love is one of the greatest motivators of the mind and the main reason for other motivations that learn from love.
Mary Adlyne Khonglam, Assistant Organizing secretary- Mr.P.Kynphamlang Khonglam,Publicity Secretary – Smt.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills Garod LSN Dykes and others.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area Unit has lodged a complaint with the District Medical and Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the lack of timely arrival of staff which has caused problems to the patients in the area.
On the other hand, the Forest Department said that this needs to be monitored to ensure that the logging factories operate according to the rules and those who violate the rules will be punished according to the law.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 25 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) today announced that the 144 CrPC in the border areas with Bangladesh and the movement of people on the India-Bangladesh border has been strictly controlled. bring danger and trouble and endanger human life and bring trouble.
The mother lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner on 2nd November 2020, but on 19th July 2020, she came to the DC and said that she had lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner. This is the house of the village.
“We don't know exactly why, but perhaps one of the main reasons is because the state government has not been able to follow the rules laid down by the central government,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
This happened after the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council (KAAC) did not count anyone and continued to set up its revenue collection gate at Khanduli.
“According to the Constitution, when the Act of Parliament conflicts with the Act of the State, it clearly states that the Act of Parliament will stand and I feel that when the Act of Parliament conflicts with the Act of the District Council. “The law of the state government will stand,” said Bah Ardent while talking to reporters after leaving the meeting with the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday.
If the Dwarksuid Bridge is still under repair and the Umiam Bridge, it will no longer be suitable for vehicles carrying 10 tonnes, which means that the problem will be for all the residents of Ri Lum Khasi, because even the vehicles carrying food and beverages, are heavy vehicles and have been confirmed to have exceeded 10 tonnes.
If other state police are working to arrest these people who are insulting ethnic groups, why can't the police of our state take action against these people who are insulting against Meghalaya?
There was also a cold that lasted for a while during the rainy season, but later the cold stopped, but the rain continued and did not stop even after the prayer.
Lerry Sangma partnered with Junjun Sangma who tied 21 runs off 20 balls including three fours.
Kumar said that at present, 50,000 Pongamia trees will be planted on a 250 hectare plot at Prutsalaroh, Rymbai village and after that, four more trees will be planted. tens of thousands and the third part will be planted in Narwan.
For example, you can write Rb.
Other speakers included Beyond Matthew Kurbah, Brolding Nongsiej, UDP candidate from Mawthadraishan and other dignitaries.
The meeting was held at the parents' house of the Indian champion in the 55 kg Senior category, who has been selected as one of the best players. from India, to represent the country in Turkey, where he is scheduled to leave in April this year.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Remeo said that by receiving such meetings and discussions, we farmers also get strength and encouragement and he hopes that we will be able to have more such meetings so that the villagers shall be encouraged.
P War scored the first goal for Nongthymmai in the 62nd minute and S Nongbsap scored the second goal in the 75th minute.
On arrival in Nongpoh, the Jiva employees also laid flowers on the coffin of Bah Neil Nongkynrih which was placed in the ambulance to express their condolences and that he may rest in peace. He is one of the leaders and founders of the Shillong Chamber Choir, which has brought fame not only to the state but to the country as a whole.
One of the topics discussed was the availability of public health services and the availability of specially trained health workers within the pharmaceutical sector.
How many hours do you go to work ? How many hours do you go to work ? One of the employees said that the officer did not come to the office at that time.
From Meirilung, METRISAN was extracted, which includes living things, such as birds, fish in the water, shapunai and shapurong that live underground.
The reason why the KSU, FKJGP, HYC.HNYF and other NGOs have demanded the implementation of the ILP is that it will help prevent illegal entry and exit. Dkhars, Lynkien, Mynder Ri and many other ethnic groups in Meghalaya.
If the armed men have been able to attack the police chief, it is terrible to think of the civilians who have no one to protect them whether they belong to any group. or nation.
The Dorbar Shnong Umlyngsha has issued an order ban ban the washing of vehicles in two rivers including Wah Ratap and Wah Umpliang to prevent the flow of waste into Wah Sailynter which is used by Wah Sailynter. NL Talang, Waheh Chnong Umlyngsha, said, “If vehicles are washed in these rivers, it will affect the fish farming industry first. Sailynter Fish Sanctuary) is located 150 meters from the Umpliang River.
The tournament will be inaugurated by Winning G Sungoh EM-JHADC who is also MDC of the constituency along with Ma Rudaioo Tang EM-JHADC and Dr Brightstar Langbang BDO Laskein Block.
The damage caused by this incident was severe.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has donated 2.5 kilograms of gold to the statue of Hanuman during his visit to Shukratal in Muzaffarnagar district.
U Bah Mayral Born welcomed the people to gather at his house and urged them not to carry placards, but as an MLA he welcomes the people and they can talk face to face if they have something they want to talk about.
These include EGH: 10, EJH: 17, EKH: 219, NGH: 12, RBD: 35, SGH: 07, SWGH: 20, SWKH: 26, WGH: 123, WJH: 66 and WKH:
In Jowai, the chief guest who hoisted the flag was the Minister of Transport, Dasakhiat Lamare and 32 groups took part in the parade and were saluted by the Minister.
After completing the registration of nomination papers, these candidates, speaking to the media, expressed their respective issues on how to proceed and especially when They have reached the goal of achieving the goals they have set for themselves as they have submitted through their petitions or appeals to bring about development, to provide Health centres, schools, tourist attractions, roads and others have been developed for the benefit of the people of the area.
I try to make sure that our school meets the needs and isn't just an academic institution," she said.
Shillong Commerce College, Shillong Commerce College have won the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2023 which was held on Friday at the SAI Stadium. In the first match, Khadsawphra College beat Shangpung College 3-1
Shillong: The BSF today held a welcoming ceremony for one of the fighters of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Bah Junel Tongper. on November 30, 2021.
MWF) & International Federations and members affiliated with the United World Wrestling (UWW).
The deliverance of the Israelites from slavery in Egypt did not affect their spiritual life, so they did not know how to turn to God with their hearts, they did not understand God but only Moses.
The HNLC has warned the Dolloi to stop these activities and given him 11 months, but as the Dolloi did not listen, a bomb was detonated at the market. .
If people wash their hands, if they don't wash their hands, it's good now.
It is true that the Government has completed the discussion of the first part of the Roster System, but has postponed the discussion of the second part of the Reservation Policy which is a very important issue.
Most of the sitting MLAs want to contest from the party in power.
Many parents have raised their children and sent them to school through farming and trading.
The Islamic Republic of Iran, the United Arab Emirates, Hong Kong, China and Palestine will also qualify for the knockout stages; Japan, Indonesia, Iraq and Vietnam are now placed in another group.
Shillong, Nailar 21: Former Chief Minister and former Dadenggre MLA James PK Sangma has filed an election petition against incumbent Dadenggre MLA Rupa Marak, alleging that Rupa Marak without submitting a Bank Account as one of the documents required when registering as a candidate.
He said that the Seng Khasi Mylliem immediately lodged a complaint with the Mawngap Outpost and on the same evening the OC of Mawngap came to inspect the incident. On the 7th of November, the SDPO of Sohra, Bah Ian Onel Swer, came to investigate the incident.
He also praised the Forest Department for its vision to preserve this forest with its trees.
Go to this election this time also on the path of righteousness and truth, as Maieit Hoping used to say when he was with us,” said Bah Sanjied.
After the match, it was equal for both sides and it took more than 30 minutes, but no one could score and in the end, it had to be a penalty shootout. in Croatia, you have won the title.
Shillong, July 10: Byrnihat village in Meghalaya has been named one of the most polluted villages in India in 2023, followed by Begusarai village in Bihar and Greater Noida in Uttar. Pradesh, according to a report released on Tuesday.
With this payment, the Meghalaya government has been able to provide electricity to NEEPCO.
“The preparation was perfect.
On 4th June, the FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle lodged a complaint with the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla Civil Sub Division against the ARSS. Infrastructure Projects Limited is one of the companies constructing the Shillong-Dawki road.
He appealed to the people of Mizoram to take responsibility for this, explaining that not only the government but also the citizens who elected the government should have to answer the question. this.
In this article, the author encourages the future generations of our country to learn and teach not only agriculture but also to learn but also to be skilled in trade.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Diengpasoh Unit on Thursday held a ceremony to award the 1st Academic Award 2020 to 24 students from the region who have topped the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. u year.
The Private SSLC Selection Test 2020 has been conducted by the office of the District School Education Officer (DSEO) in each district. Many schools are in the dark to explain and explain to the students about the existence of Pvt.
In a statement, Rev Dr EH Kharkongor said that while the government authorities have denied the involvement of the government in challenging the choice of individuals for their faith, religion and worship, the churches have and Christian communities continue to face these demands and warnings from time to time.
He said that for many years now, the road has been without any new maintenance by the authorities and as the days go by, the road has deteriorated.
He said that he has spoken to several people in the area, where they have expressed that the people in the Balakhwa area and those who still rely on Meghalaya, are facing problems due to the lack of Roads, electricity, schools, banks and others, but in the midst of these problems and what needs to be received from Meghalaya, but the people of this area, want Meghalaya to set up a Border Police. outpost in the area, so that it will be a safe haven for the people in the area.
Shillong, March 23 : The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) on Saturday held the Apex Council elections at Umbir, Ri-Bhoi. , while Naba Bhattacharjee was re-elected as President.
Jowai: Police of West Jaintia Hills District Police have arrested four persons and a vehicle carrying a large quantity of explosives.
“Once the government takes over all the deficit schools, they fall under the jurisdiction of the government,” said an employee of the education department.
The KSU would like to question the District Council Leaders and strongly condemn them for their lack of responsibility on the border of the Jaidbynriew and also on the culture. The customs of the people in Khappud.
I really agree with what you said.
So far, hundreds of aircraft, ships and naval personnel have been deployed to the area to search for the plane and learn the true evidence of the incident. , which has 239 people.
There are 29 shops under Section 6b of the COTPA Act.
They said that all the money was handed over to Sohan and it is not known where he put it or used it.
On this occasion, Bah Lakiang suggested to All India Radio, Shillong, to put one word and that is to put the word Government of India or Central Government from now on, instead of to call the government.
The AJYWO said that this action of MeECL has affected the poor households as they have to pay two bills, besides the high electricity bill but they cannot use the electricity as appear on the bill, then the bill of expenditure for the installation of emergency lights.
Pankaj said he feels sorry for the people of Meghalaya for the shortage of electricity since NEEPCO stopped supplying electricity in the last 10 years.
Maruti, which produces nearly half of its cars in India, said the decline in car production in recent days has been the highest in the past 40 years. The decline in the sale of cars may take longer.
Odisha Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik on Friday allocated Rs 2.49 crore for the construction of Bahanaga High School, which was demolished to become a cemetery for the martyrs. killed in train collision in Balasore.
Shillong, March 29: The Wildlife Wing of the Forests and Environment Department, Meghalaya on Friday concluded the 10-month Wildlife Festival at the Soso Tham Auditorium. , Shillong.
“For this reason, we have to have a foundation, we have stood on the foundation and moved forward with the welfare of all,” he said. “The time will come when we need more than a road to resolve this issue”.
Nongpoh: U Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, today met with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, to urge her to take action against the spread of illegal drugs. Infiltration of foreigners in all the villages in Ri Bhoi.
Just that you have to be pure of heart right? This shows that if you do not do as he wants to join India, then he can do as he did to the Nizam of Hyderabad.
In order to overcome these obstacles, the Minister's Office wants to set up a Call Centre, which will operate 24 hours a day.
The seven candidates include UDP candidate Balajied Kupar Synrem, son of the late Dr Donkupar Roy, BJP candidate Joshua. Warjri, INC candidate Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga, People's Democratic Front (PDF) candidate Mosjo Rockfeller Wanswett, and two independent candidates, Grace Mary Kharpuri and Komen Laitmon.
Also present on the occasion were Hadrian Lyngdoh MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency, Manstudy Nongrem Chairman KHADC and others.
Why don't we take them as signs that threaten our faith-spirituality and our theology and be determined to restore the divine image.
Although we see that there are many of these tourist attractions in this area, we see that the roads to reach these places are very bad and we see from time to time that there is a landslide. There are more and more people in these areas especially from Pomlum village to Dawki.
Noting that the MCCL factory and its main offices fall under Shella Constituency and not in Sohra as many have said, Bah Mylliem said this is the right reason for the MLA. Sohra not to be too concerned about the work of the MCCL and to leave all these to the MLA of Shella.
That period of 45 days (1335 days) will be the time of judgment of the goats and sheep (sinners and righteous) Matthew 25:31-4
"Don't judge the RSS through the media or through the forces that want to destroy it, the people should come and see the work so that they can understand better the RSS.
I, page 411 of Financial Accounts 2022-23, Vol-II).
Answering a question during the Question Hour, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the purpose of introducing STEMS is to reduce traffic jam in the city. 27,000 school children attend school in the Laitumkhrah-Dhanketi area and about 60 per cent of these school children come by commercial vehicles or private vehicles.
The patient was admitted to a private hospital in Dimapur, Nagaland. However, when examined, it was found to be Covid
He called again on October 21, when he threatened to attack the BJP MP in the Lok Sabha from Nagpur if he did not pay him Rs 10 crore, police said. .
According to police, in the past six months, more than 20 people from Manchachar have been abducted and some have been killed.
“He also expressed his surprise that this person has never had any bad signs in the village and yesterday he was still working all day.
James criticized the government for failing to fight insurgency especially in Gar Hills.
Umphing Thymmai Sports Club won a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy and Umshaken Sports Club won T.20,000 and a trophy.
“Khanduli and Psiar are the villages under Block I so there is no point in arranging these because Block-1 should come to Meghalaya.
The authorities have also evacuated hundreds of people who were in the area as soon as they witnessed the incident.
Six Assam policemen were killed in a border clash between Mizoram and Assam today.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tyngsong today held a meeting with the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) to discuss the issues related to the improvement of highways in the state. the state.
Don't be too French or don't be too owner in the land of the seventh generation because you are not a Christian. This is the land of the Son of the Creator.
Nurul Islam, who is accused of raping two women in Ampati, the Assembly constituency of Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma, has gone missing.
It was admitted that this is an insult to the supporters who have worked hard for the glorious victory of the MLA/MDC in the last elections.
He said that it is useless only in the talks between the presidents of the two parties while in the constituencies there is no support.
Regarding the review of the government's housing program for the poor, the Minister has directed the relevant authorities to review the construction of these houses from the for the poor so that they can get houses to live in as soon as possible.
Shillong: Malki SC have retained their fourth place in the Shillong Premier League 2018 after beating Sawmer FC 5-1 at the SSA Stadium in Shillong on Saturday.
The shutter of the ATM was closed and the machine was removed.
However, there is another way and opportunity to free those who are addicted to drugs if they have the desire to get back to a new life.
On the 3rd of November, there will be heavy rainfall in some places and this will continue until the 4th of November
The students under the banner of AMBANM want the government to employ those who have studied from the government sector first and not to hold the examination.
The murderer dies and is eaten by the tyrud because this tyrud does not forgive those who do it.
He said that through the pig farming scheme, the State Government will find ways to curb the shortage of pig meat in the state.
“I have heard many statements from the UDP that after the 13th they will change the government.
Through this project, students and teachers of the Mary Our Help Training Center at Bellefonte Community College, will have access to water and a toilet.
As part of the celebration of the 9th International Day of Yoga, the North Eastern Hill University celebrated this special day on Tuesday.
Short speeches were delivered by Alfred Kharbani, Lurshai Kharbani and RG Momin MLA.
“Furthermore, pointing out that many cases may not have evidence, Antony gave the example of the Electoral Bond, where media reports say that many of them the donors were arrested before the donation and forced to donate again.
Meanwhile, Corentis Rabon, BJP candidate from 4-Mowkaiaw in his speech, said that his visit to the constituency is very difficult, so he will not refuse to contest this election. to bring about the pending development works in the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
On the other hand, the law enforcement agencies will also conduct 24 hour security for the purpose of ensuring a smooth and orderly celebration.
Paragraph 20 of the Sixth Schedule provides for that protection.
Father Ambukumar Anthony of St. Joseph Church, Selsella is the Nikshay Mitra of Bah Greenwell.
Nongpoh: Several elders and Longkmie from Tyrso Pdeng village in Ri Bhoi district, have alleged that the implementation of the MNREGA scheme in the village has been slow and unfair.
These days, there are many people who complain about the lack of jobs, but this woman, shows herself, that she doesn't want to do any job, even if it is to collect money on the bus. .
The project has been implemented in Laskein by many authorities from NEHU, MRDS, RRTC, Shillong and Techno Chemical Industries Ltd Calicut with good intentions, but the project has failed due to lack of training for the team. The Federation of SHGs has been working hard to produce oil.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 378 new cases have been confirmed and 4263 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
By Alethea Dympep (SMS – Agric.
Since the beginning of the lockdown in 2020, many households have started planting many kinds of jhur in their homes.
In a letter sent recently to the Minister of Civil Aviation, Jyotiraditya M Scindia, the Convener of the Committee, Dr. Naba Kumar Das, said, “Continuing the long-standing demand to revive the The resumption of flights from Balurghat Airport for the safety of the people of North Bengal and the North Eastern States to facilitate travel from Tura to Balurghat and then to Kolkata, Delhi and Bangalore, we have requested to revive the Balurghat Airport which operated from 1949 to 1960 with daily traffic including Air Transport, Skyplies and Surekha Transport.
Choosing this way to keep these plants in your home helps to lead a healthy life, a good life.
“If you can do good, do good to others, if you can't do that, if you can, don't hurt them (Dalai Lama)”.
He said that this is not the first time but since the former leaders of the party and he expresses his gratitude to Bah Ardent who has taken this step and this is not a matter of anyone. but it is the issue of the youth of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
““At 3:59 pm, one of the relatives informed the EMRI about the incident and requested an ambulance.
Meghalaya's guest professional Rajesh Bishnoi scored 5/61 with 4/62 in the first innings.
The aim of this scheme is to provide drinking water to every village and household in the country by
On the second day of the programme, dignitaries from India and Vietnam, including the Chief Ministers, Union Ministers, prominent businessmen, took part in the event. in the exchange of ideas in the fields of education, trade and cultural awareness.
On the other hand, the son of Dr. Sailo, said that since 15th June 2020, the new case of corona virus today has not been in contact with the family of Dr. Sailo, because of that case. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has confirmed that he has tested positive for COVID-19 on Twitter today.
Delhi government lawyer Rahul Mehra told the court that his eyes were filled with people and Delhi officials were also filled with people. as if to cry with our officers, they felt as if to cry.
However, now there is hope because the lapbah has not returned to the state.
“Jimmy D Sangma and Marthon J Sangma from the Trinamool Congress, Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, Mohindro Rapsang and Kimfa Marbaniang from the Congress, Hamletson Dohling from the PDF, Samlin Malniang from the HSPDP and others have come to us because they know that the The NPP will form a strong government that exceeds the needs of the people,” said Conrad, adding that the Opposition will get only 9 seats when the votes are counted on October
For the kick start, Eliva Kurkalang (5′), Shimtilang Thongni (19′), Banteilang Makri (26′), Daia Mawkhroh (47′, 49′) and Aidaris Kharmalki scored the goals. 60′).
Regarding the issue of promoting the poor by taking them to big events abroad, he said that the party is in talks with foreigners to help in this regard. section.
Speakers included the President of the Jaintia Students Movement (JSU), Bah Leningstar Rymbai, Bah Moses Swer, an elder from Khliehriat East and others.
Dundee Cliff Khongsit, spokesperson of the North East Indigenous People's Forum, said the party believes that the word “Bharat” comes from the Sanskrit word which is related to the Hindi faith.
How can I worship the law Lyngdoh?2
After questioning, the people inside the vehicle denied that they had brought the drugs carried by the vehicle.
He was blocked by Umrit in the 61st minute.
Perhaps a new FKS has emerged from KHADC like the FKTI and others,” he said.
On the other hand, Dr. Aman War appealed to the people not to believe these false stories as it will cause conflict among them. Speaking of this, they can approach the health department officials for clarification.
He did not appoint the PRC but the PPRC of West Garo Hills which has been in operation for only 12 months.
“According to the RBI report, Meghalaya is the fastest growing state in the country,” he said.
In another development, the Indian Meteorological Department said that there will be thunderstorms and thunderstorms in the next 24 hours.
“Conrad should explain why the MDA and the NPP in Meghalaya have not spoken together and in Delhi they have done the same.
At the same time, the JSU clarifies that Block I is not within the boundaries of the Constitution or any agreement, but the fact is that it has been forcibly removed from the United Khasi Jaintia. Hills because of his 1951 rule.
As the president of the Green club, he organized environmental programs.
“This shows that the JHADC doesn't need anything and doesn't have the authority to protect the land, customs and traditions,” said the Seng.
He said the party is well prepared for the upcoming MDC and MP elections.
If you don't have such a thing, please don't try to mislead and don't own any day.
Recently, 100 Water Falls Camp, Highland Camp have been opened in the village and the construction of a restaurant worth Rs 1 crore by the Soil and Water Conservation Department is underway.
Therefore, we TUR after conducting a thorough survey, we found that only a few labourers, day laborers and BPL households have received this assistance.
The incident happened on the 19th of this month. According to a complaint received from Bah Bisco Khongngain, son of the woman, Sohra Police Station has registered a case against Deny. Police are investigating the incident under Section 21(7)13 u/s 447/376(1)/5
Furthermore, Meghagatbandhan is located in the city of shisha.
Up to 17 teams have come to take part in this tournament.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) has been in turmoil over the collapse of the UDA EC in the KHADC. On the other hand, Congress MLA Process T Sawkmie, while talking to media, said that the support of the Congress party in the two District Councils in KHADC and GHADC. “If the ECs are dissolved, it will not affect the MDA government because the MDA is strong now, because there are still many people in the MDA party. The District Councils have the 10th Article and can leave the party at will, but the MLAs cannot do so because they have the 10th Article to prevent the defection. organization" he added.
She said that since 2014 until now, we have seen only chaos and unrest across the country and the Congress stands strongly against the central government to look into this issue.
Why doesn't the Government know that the answer is sdien ldui?
We have the Moopun in Mutong, the Rynji in Chamcham and the Latang in Lumshyrmit as well as the famous Lawkyntang, the Pambru Creek and the Sniriang in Tubertown.
Ernest Mawrie congratulated the people of Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh who have supported the BJP party, who have brought back the BJP government to power. 2014 before Narendra Modi came to contest the Lok Sabha elections after taking office as the Prime Minister of the country and was then the Chief Minister of Gujarat and, Gujarat is an example of development, “We also congratulate Himachal Pradesh although we have not reached the target of getting many constituencies but the BJP has won 43 seats. % and the Congress received only 43.9%.
He said that the Bhaang groups have also requested the government to try hard to get back those areas which have been occupied by Assam in the second phase of the border demarcation.
The warning from the story of the Ethiopian is: “All trouble comes from ignoring God's laws.
The meeting was attended by Dr. KK Paul, Governor, Phrang Roy, Chairman, Meghalaya Water Foundation, Mihir Shah, Member, Planning Commission of India, BB Warjri, Chief Secretary, Meghalaya and Prof. P Shukla, Vice Chancellor, NEHU, D. Molden, Director ICIMOD and RM Mishra, Principal Secretary to the State Government.
In these days, there has been a heated letter between the Hima Mylliem and the KHADC, over the forest at Lum Mawpat and today the KHADC has sent another letter to the Hima Mylliem that it can no longer. “The agreement will remain in place, once signed by the Syiem, it is the final decision,” said Bah Pynshngain N Syiem. CEM speaking to reporters.
On the other hand, the HYC said that the HYC has been demanding from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the past years to have more Health Sub-Centers in the area. .
The union also congratulated the founder of the child even in the darkness of the night, but without fear he went to find the child.
The Constitution of India provides for only one right to citizenship known as the single citizenship right.
ANVC(B) Political Secretary Ajaja R Marak recently admitted that Mukul Sangma used party members to make him Prime Minister when he took office for the first time. .
The Lord God calls all people to confess their sins.
Please call this number:
He said that the population of the villages under the jurisdiction of the Sub Health Center has exceeded 5,000 people and there is a need to improve the health centre.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) together with the Hima Mylliem, today held a public meeting at Iewduh to announce the decisions of the meeting between the KHADC and the Hima. Mylliem on the 28th of last month.
Of these, 128 are employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and 36 are employees of other government departments.
In other Central Departments and other States, if the total share exceeds 50%, they will arrange for the OBC share. Where does the 27% OBC come from? This is because the STs/SCs category is not available.
This includes a memorial and a large donation.
Noting that the situation in the border area has been thoroughly reviewed, the CM confirmed that all the measures have been taken to curb the situation. They have been vigilant and conducted patrols in these areas.
In Group A of Zone 1, SCA (B) won by four wickets against Ri-Bhoi in Jowai, while in Zone 2, EGH won by 68 runs. against South Garo Hills in the first leg of the tournament.
Shooting for the film will start in November this year and could be released by mid-2
On the other hand, he stressed the need to strengthen the scientific research in the field of medicines in the region.
In a letter sent to voters today, Joshi wrote, “Dear voters of Kanpur, Ram Lal, General Secretary (Org), Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), has told me today that I am not I don't want to contest from Kanpur or any other place at this time”.
On the other hand, the union leader said that the union is pleased to know that the government through the PWD department has already called a tender to improve the road for the convenience of the people. “But as it is still taking time to do it as allocated by the government, it is necessary to repair the road first so as not to cause problems to the people in the coming and going of the people,” he added.
The new unit of the KSU is known as the KSU Wapung Unit and the office bearers are as follows:
However, we should not be too surprised about this because even in the first MDA government or the MDA 1.0 which is a clean government as it is now, there was no CMP.
This song was composed by Skhembha Kharsati.
The CAS also expressed its regret over the violence against women in which they were stripped naked and raped, beaten, kicked, walked naked in front of the crowd and beaten. -also share them as witnessed on social media.
The Shnong would also like to thank all those who have donated in any form to the Village Authorities which has helped us to distribute the relief goods to those in urgent need.
“The shortcomings and shortcomings of the states will be decided by the GST Council,” he said.
Therefore, it is impossible to know the damage to houses in other neighboring villages.
It is also surprising that no one saw him climbing the high prison wall at that time about 8 pm.
If the two holidays are released, it means that the Legislative Assembly has only 7 days to complete the debate on the budget or the allocation of funds for the smooth running of the work. administration.
The Captain Williamson Sangma State University (Amendment) Act, 2023 has been proposed to introduce a new amendment to the Captain Williamson Sangma Technical University Act.
However, it has not been explained why the funds available to the MMMRF have not been used. In fact, the Government of Meghalaya has set the price of contribution to the MMMRF at 10 per cent of the price. The PWD Schedule of Rates (SOR) for stone and shyiap has been laid down.
Prof Kma alleged that the VC used clause 6 (b) of the UGC Model CRR to admit that the appointment of Prasad was proper because it had been approved by the executive council of the UGC Model CRR. this bag read.
Of course, we need to think carefully about the different views on the issue, and we need to look into the root cause of the difference between the Reservation Policy and the Roster System.
Shillong: The Iooksi Presbyterian Church in West Jaintia Hills together with the Women's Church, Youth Church and the 'Chirup ha U Kristo' Group ( The Group of Children of Iooksi Village, Shillong today donated Khaw to 181 households who are facing poverty due to the lockdown.
She said that until now there is no information what the government has done for those youths who have left the CMJ. He said that if it had taken action from the beginning, the students of the state would not have fallen victim to this disaster.
He said that the Saubhagya scheme has been divided into two phases, the first phase is for Khasi Hills and a tender has been called for T.173.60 crore. The tender for Garo Hills has been increased to T.255.58 crore and for Garo Hills it has been increased to T.270.37 crore.
He urged the youth to take advantage of the knowledge from this university to distribute it to the villages for the benefit of the community.
He said that the robber, Banpyrkhat Lyngdoh Nonglait, tried to enter the house with a bad intention but a youth named Samla Leo Donborlang Sun struck and drove away the robber. lam to the end.
Regarding these issues, regarding the registration of names in the MHIS Smart Card, the union urged the DMHO to extend the deadline for the registration.
Speeches were delivered by Waheh Shnong Moosakhia Deimon Suting, Father Manbha Pakem and Chief Guest Shri BS Sohliya, Deputy Commissioner, FB Basan. West Jaintia Hills District.
The State needs a strong Government and that Government should provide the best services to the people.
The party, which also includes Bah Sing Mulieh as a member, also brought to the Prime Minister several decisions from the meeting against NGT held on the 4th of this month. Phra Mer, West Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, July 22: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMCSA) has strongly complained against the Asian Development Bank (ADB)'s plan to implement the schemes to be implemented in the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
The Indo-Fijian farmers were terrified of being forcibly evicted from their farms and went to meet Laisenia, the chief of the landowners.
Finally, Bah Marngar urged all the gatekeepers to stop collecting taxes immediately and if the Association finds that they continue to collect taxes from vehicles, the union will have to take strong action. kampher, I don't know what to do.
On the other hand, Mirajune Myrsing as President and Betina Langstieh as Treasurer also expressed their concern that the ASHA workers have been neglected by the state government. Regarding the online payment that all ASHA workers do not have mobile phones, the recharge of mobile phones, the demand for a full appointment and also the burden of work that the government has assigned to the workers. ASHA, on the other hand, has been suspended without payment as the ASHA workers are facing difficulties besides receiving a low salary.
However, the celestial body is said to pose no threat to human life, according to research by scientists at the Center for Near-Earth Object Studies (CNEOS).
After the treatment, the patient no longer had TMJ pain and was able to open and close her mouth properly.
But there was no law of the house of judgment.
This day shall be remembered in the books of the generations to come.
• We Khasi are too foolish for temporary pleasures which are like a disease for us forever.
On the same day, the KSU has not allowed these foreign workers to continue working at the gate and they should leave on the first day otherwise the KSU will take strong decisions.
Bah Rani said that he has been in the FKJGP since 1997 and has been in the party until today. It has led its fellow members to resign from the post of President after Bah Joe Marwein has decided to return to politics.
The people feel that it is difficult for them to participate in the election of their leaders, but when they are corrupted by the leaders who invest money, the people especially in the rural areas They are looking forward to the election so that they can take part in corruption.
The program was conducted by the Directorate of Employment and Craftsmen Training, Ministry of Labour.
The Rajabala MLA also expressed his regret over the secrecy of the Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma.
Ma Shylla said that regarding the meeting held by the UDP leaders and the decision to write a letter to the Prime Minister, the MLAs and the President of the UDP, they have no information. eiei, because they did not attend the meeting but to know the reason why they took such a decision we need to meet and discuss.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the police department under the leadership of the SP, for taking the initiative to send police at such a time when many people are violating them. Assam, which is a major threat to the spread of the corona virus and also to prevent crime in the area.
The information on land pattas has been linked to the state databases so that further linkages with the state databases can go smoothly.
“It is true that the management of NEEPCO has opened a house in Guwahati by paying T.5, 30, 479.00 per month to M/s Kamal Jail, Punit Jain, Nikhil Jain and Biswajit Talukdar since Lber, 2021 although NEEPCO has its own office in Shillong.
The program was led by Bah Gideon Kharkongor at the MCA Cricket Ground.
We thank the Lord that His Word fills us with joy when we read it as it filled Judas with joy until he returned the money he had received from the chief priests (Mt 27:3-3). 10).
These are the recommendations that the Health Advisory Board can give to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to ensure that we take the right action before talking to these prostitutes.
Koloriang is a beautiful place in Kurung Kumei district.
Toufique Ali also informed that the academy will soon be launched and foreign coaches have been provided to train the children and the payment for this sport. it will be 3,000 to 4,000 per month.
The commitment of the MLAs from Khasi and Jaintia Hills under the MDA-II Government shows that they are thinking only for the benefit of their own seat for a term of five years while leaving behind the future of the country. the children of the hands shall suffer the punishment of chess.
“Since 2009, it has been decided that no land should be allocated for the construction of a cemetery, but this decision is unfair,” said Minister Shanpru.
Imat you don't have anything to do with lyndet.
Speaking to media, Prestone said he was surprised to see the belief of the UDP leaders that they are afraid to step down from the government if President's Rule comes in the state.
Your college is in the Arts Stream.
The elders and women expressed their happiness in words over the visit of the members of the KHADC. and forget about the Government of the State.
"Only 10 days after the counting of votes and the announcement of the elected candidates, a statement spread quickly and became news. vpp, pdf bad independent.
The decrease in the number of cases has reached 85 percent so far, since the highest increase on 7th June.
The video is animated by Wonder Studio AI and the song is composed by Emiki Biam.
These names were announced by the Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma after the Cabinet meeting today.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Lumksaid Youth Association, Mawprem, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, regarding the registration of rich people and government employees under the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS). the poor are not named at all.
Sadon said that when the government demanded ILP, its answer was that it cannot be granted because it is a law that if you want to implement it you have to go back to Parliament. “It's not just the Parliament door to get the ILP,” said Bah Sadon.
Today it was found that the roads were empty and the shops were closed, although there were only a few private vehicles, but the people joined hands and sat on the streets. the house that sem.
The people may wonder why the whole world uses plastic when buying any item or beverage, how can it be banned only here in Meghalaya.
The chiefs provided the Langsla including one of the Diengiei, the Langsla and the Langsynran.
On the other hand, Kong Jyrwa said that the group includes OMLAS students, leading students from various colleges in the state, and also private individuals from various sectors. of the country who have come forward together for this project.
The 4th National Water Award will be presented by the Vice President of India, Jagdeep Dhankhar at a function held on 17th July 2023 at Vigyan Bhavan, New Delhi.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 74,817, with 2,682 still infected and 1,294 deaths.
The Supreme Court has suspended the decision of the High Court, but each of the traders, must show to the court, the approval of the bank, that he has T.75 lakh each. .
We would like the District Council to know and remember that if this road is built, the development and benefits will be for the people of Ri Khasi-Jaintia and the state as a whole.
However, the Chief Minister and the Deputy Chief Minister are still claiming that they are the only ones who can resolve the border disputes that have been going on for 50 years. that they have been able to convince and attract some MDCs and MLAs to their party, that it is the best party especially the actress in the films.
The Prime Minister said that the party cannot allow such people who want to stop development works with their corruption.
The trees, shrubs and others were destroyed.
He said that the party and its members every day when they come out to fight for the issues of the jaidbynriew, the party members are ready to die and the coffins are ready because they were ready to give their lives.
On this occasion, there are also those who want Ma Sniawbhalang to contest on the BJP ticket because they do not like the NPP under the current leadership and the accusations everywhere that the NPP and its supporters are to destroy the State and those who oppose the Hynniewtrep people.
“The Law Adong will remain the same and cannot be changed,” she said.
Of these 600 lords, 96 lords were completed.
“We have witnessed the initiatives of the producer groups in Umsning and to recognize the richness of the fire.
Therefore, even they, as electors to the Legislative Assembly of the State, have to elect and decide who, among the many candidates, to send to lead them to the Legislative Assembly of the State. the state.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is death"- 1 Corinthians 15:2
The Chairman of Umden Umsaiprah Pyllun, Bah Defender Lamare, said that the purpose of the construction of this tourist attraction is to improve the income of the residents through tourism. The tourist spot is located near the Umïam River which can attract many tourists.
The meeting was attended by George B. Lyndoh, Umroi MLA, Vice President of the Party, James Lyngdoh, Youth Wing President, Fernandez Lyngdoh, Youth Wing President, Kathleen Marbaniang, Vice President Women's Wing, Elgiva Rynjah, Secretary Women's Wing and others.
According to police, the face of the woman is stem colour, round and she has red marks on her face. Police have not yet identified the name of the woman.
Dr Mukul said the decision of the leaders not to contest the 2018 MLA elections should be accepted but they have decided to work hard for the party.
The Deputy Commissioner said that she will take this task to discuss and revise the fare with the authorities to consider the fare as it has been increased. in the thep of the visitor.
One of the ASHA workers in Jorgin village, said that just to get the salary, we have to spend a lot of time and money to fill up the forms and the travel expenses to send them.
According to the complaint lodged by the police, on the 19th of this month, at 8.30 pm;  while they were on duty to accompany the Minister of Home Affairs at Weilyngkut village on the border with Dira village; The vehicle in question was driving very fast and caused a speeding accident.
During the dry season, it is one of the most suitable foods to cultivate because insects do not eat it when it is stored for a long time, so it can be stored for many years.
In conclusion, Prime Minister Duh said that the people of the country have faith in scientists and when the people bless them, India will become the world leader in science. and technology.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths Council (HYC) Umdang Area Unit under the leadership of Samla Edmond Mawsor General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Umdang Area Unit together with its members, On the 19th July, 2020, the DHMO together with the employees of DHMO, led by Bah BC Kharsyntiew Drug Inspector, visited Shahlang Market.
If you accuse me, it means that you don't know how to study as a person who is striving for a Doctorate at NEHU, Shillong (who asked me, “Why do you include the Maharam kingdom?” I said that To summarize this article, I would like to say that Ri Lyngngam used to be large but now it has shrunk slowly, due to the lack of efforts of the Lyngngam people. residents of the village to call themselves 'Lyngngam'
However, suddenly today, what is unthinkable is that the Meghalaya Police in the dark hours on 13th August 2021 raided the former General Secretary of the HNLC. shooting dead is no longer imaginable.
On the other hand, Justice (Retired) BP Katakey submitted his 14th report to the High Court, in which the report revealed the abundance of coal mines and copper mines.
The DC said that those factories which have received the CTO can operate and those which have received the CTE (Consent to Establish) can burn and heat the oven.
Shillong, July 5 : The State Government has decided to extend the deadline for another six months to allow those who have submitted the Expression of Interest (EoI) for the new airport project in the state.
He said that the Society conducts various programs to provide training and awareness to the public on the use of herbal medicines which can cure many kinds of diseases.
It is also the 17th time that Novak Djokovic has qualified for the quarterfinals of the tournament in Rome, where he now holds a 13-4 record against Tomas Berdych. The last time he was defeated in the tournament was in
Therefore, the voice of the people is that they urged the Nongmihkhmat of Nongpoh, to talk to the government to take action by thinking specially of the villages on the border, because they are the ones who protect the state border.
Another BJP leader, Rinku Senapati, was seriously injured in the shooting.
The VPP has not been able to convince the people through its empty promises.
Remember that there has never been a Khasi-Pnar nation which is only the explanation of pseudo scholars.
The Word of God says – “And the beast that was, and is not, even he is the eighth, and is of the seven, and goeth into perdition.
This office has been trying for 10 years now, at the same time lamet leaves have been planted in the grounds of the office.
He said that if the Opposition raises the issue of no confidence in the government in 2028, at that time, India will reach that stage.
“We from Rynjah are ready to accept to take over the RR Colony but it is a delay,” said Bah Pasi.
The foundation stone laying ceremony was also attended by C&RD Minister Hamletson Dohling and MLA Macmillan Byrsat.
From year to year, the money has been collected especially from the rural areas.
Oh, the market now is a market of snow.
Recently, the police have issued a public notice to the West Bengal Police to arrest him for fleeing Shillong after being searched by the police.
Meghalaya has been ranked as the poorest state in India among the three poorest states.
Call the Corona Virus Covid-19 or anything else, its spread has spread like a pandemic around the world, which has killed more than 17,000 people and has reached more than 38,000 people, as of the second day of the month, October
Officials of the department said that this is a step taken by the department to protect the beauty of the hill so that the fire cannot devour the beautiful plants on the hill.
After joining Chelsea in 2021 for a fee of 97.5m after leaving Inter Milan, Lukaku has struggled to adapt to Thomas Tuchel's club.
The school was founded in 1974 and it was in 1979 that Fr Rev Henry Fantin came to the school and became the Head Master. In 1986, the school was upgraded to Khliehriat High School from Class 7 to Class 8 under the supervision of Fr Henry Fantin as Head Master and his brother, Fr Rev Joseph Fantin, who has been Fr Priest in these years. School in 1995 and over the years the school has been upgraded to the status of Higher Secondary School where it has also been able to offer education in Arts, Science and Commerce to the students who are currently studying. There are now 400 students in grades XI and XII.
Although he did not give the reasons, it is understood that they were removed after they may have had an intention to flee before the elections.
They include Susan Chebet, Elkana Kipkoech Runo, Richard Kiprop, Elijah Kipruto Kemei and Agner Mueni Mutua.
Chairman Wompher Nartiang, Assistant Waheh Shnong Latu Nartiang, Village Secretary A Lywait, Assistant Secretary D. Nartiang and other members of the village along with several ANMs and ASHAs were present at the distribution. Meghalaya has reported 652 deaths from COVID-19 with nine deaths on Saturday.
They said that although the State Unit of the party has not yet formed a committee to select the candidates, but as they intend to contest the elections, they have been preparing for the requirements of the party. part to be fitted according to the requirements.
The Behdeiñkhlam Festival of Seiñraij Mukhla has reached its second day on Sunday (Mulong).
The tree planting program was held on Tuesday around Thadlaskeiñ Dam, Mukhla, West Jaintia Hills District.
The training started on the 5th and ended on the 8th of this month at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The Sunday public service area is rather hilly, so please bring books or blankets.
“The Congress has done well in the field of education, transport connectivity, inheritance, equitable distribution of resources.
Although there have been some who have understood better, many churches have not yet understood the value of time.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: After the meeting with the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council and then after the passing of the Ordinance, which is the Rangbah Shnong Act of the Government and after that, the preparation of the Rangbah Shnong Act. U Mukul Sangma today met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Meghalaya, which has angered the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Khasi Jaintia Hills District, until they demanded his resignation. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today met with the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of the KHADC and JHADC. Defense Minister Rajnath Singh at his residence explained the need for the VAB to get the approval of the Governor.
Suddenly, the power of the wet process plant stopped and the workers began to panic.
According to Dr Mukul, the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills has ordered an inquiry into the suspension of the construction of the bridge by Assam. peace and order and to complete the construction of this bridge.
“Although Chuba Ao has expressed confidence that the party will do well in this election, this is against the prediction of BJP Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie.
He was welcomed by David Kharshiing, Vice President of the BJP, Meghalaya.
Last Tuesday, there was a mass rally in Dhaka, organized by Muslim groups, or known as 'Like-minded Islamic Parties'
But, what can we do for those students who don’t yet understand this? One thing we can do is to explain to them and encourage them that literacy is their own life and death.
I criticized the government at that time, and in the past there were no bureaucrats who saw the dewbilat factory as one of the most polluting factories in the world, and drank electricity like a sponge (1 Mw hour he B'nai).
You may experience this type of pain only once in your life and it may go away without treatment.
We hope that one day we will receive the answers we are waiting for.
This is the second time that he has taken more than 10 wickets, after taking 14 wickets against Sikkim in the first match of Meghalaya.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Speaking to media, Bah Tynsong said that governments come and go, but illegal coal mining is no longer a new incident, and in fact this has started since The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of coal in Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were Chief of Army Staff, VR Chaudhuri, Chief of Army Staff who have been involved in the service of these helicopters and others.
Because when cases start to decline, the sense of urgency lessens.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the Power Department and MeECL have decided to withdraw the war from At midnight on the 11th, there will be a 4 hour power outage in the state.
The milk from the cows is sold to Nongstoin slowly as it is now easier to travel from Nongstoin to Diengsyiang which is only 15 kilometers away from Nongkhnum.
He said that the beauty of Meghalaya has attracted people to visit the state and this will boost the tourism industry in the state.
Although the construction of this road has been progressing slowly, there are still some places where the construction company has had to stop.
Shillong, Jymmang 9: Three political parties from Jaintia Hills today gave nine days to the Mukul Sangma government to submit its report of inquiry into the shooting death of two people in Mookhep on the 24th. November 2014 or they will hold an indefinite strike.
RBYF Umsning Circle President Devan Warjri, General Secretary Balawan Nongbri, Finance Secretary Phrangsngi Kylla and others immediately responded to the remarks. They immediately rushed to the scene to investigate the incident.
“We have taken this decision to protect the people from being harassed,” the government said.
According to the government records, there are 79 four buses that are still able to run, stand and carry passengers in the city and there are also 3 buses that are sick without treatment; even if their condition cannot be maintained.
Rev. (Dr) John Roberts is one of the great missionaries who came to this beloved Khasi Hills.
With this victory, both the teams have qualified for the quarter finals of the Under-1
Heimonmi Salahe of Caroline Colony scored the first goal in the 22nd minute.
Nongpoh, Naitung 07: The Meghalaya Agrovet Private Ltd (MPLP) has dumped wastewater into the Wah Umtrew at Khlieh Umtrew and Mawthei villages. The King Edward VII Drinking Water Research Institute said that the water supply to the villagers is not suitable for drinking or use. Memorial Pasteur Institute and Medical Research Institute, Meghalaya, Shillong.
Among the NGOs that recognized the services of JMB is the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) which donated protective equipment to the workers during the tenure of CEO Bah SS Syiemlieh.
About 6 trucks have been seized by the union for illegal transportation of shyiap.
We will replace them with other policies that will provide a full life for all citizens.
“We have many players from this state who have played abroad in the age group of 16 years and below but only 3 players have played for India (Senior), so we need to focus on the goal. and to dedicate yourself for the future as a football player,” said Bah Eugene.
“I'm farther away and it's time to prepare food because I'll have to ride two pateng, I'll get home until nine o'clock,” she laughed. Linda, because it's far away, she came to Mylliem alone, she was afraid because she was a woman and a beautiful woman,” added Riia.
The Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that he has already conveyed his concern to the Central Government regarding the lack of Aadhar for the children who benefit from Government schemes. Pded through the Social Welfare Department.
Majaw, who has a Master of Commerce degree and has been a teacher in many colleges, said that the Indian government is creating jobs for the poor, the backward and the it works throughout India.
The rapid change of nature in the form of the sun's heat, covers the earth's surface.
They have planted and planted with money, They have not slept, They have not slept, They have not grown?
Mehta was appointed as the new DGP after PJP Hanaman retired on November 31 last year.
Nongstoiñ: In a serious road accident, one youth lost his life, while another was seriously injured, after a commercial taxi in which they were traveling collided with. rats on an oil tanker truck.
The NIA said that in recent days, it has appeared in the media that Pannu has threatened the officials of the Government of India abroad.
The Enclosure Acts are land laws and through these laws the commons have been converted into private land.
By Bah Philip Marweiñ I am a farmer and I want to participate through this scheme.
“There are about 400 vehicles that have been decorated to perform the Christmas Carol.
The report also said that the schemes of the Government of India, such as Make In India, Digital India, Skill India and Startup India, do not benefit the local workers at all. The current government is corruption-free and wants to pay online.
“I have tried alone from the Hima to clean up the market, but I cannot do anything alone, without the support and authority,” said Paiem Latho.
According to him, the Council cannot have a building code that is in conflict with the National Building Code which is implemented across the country.
The meeting, which was attended by the Chief Secretary, Kong Rebecca Suchiang and other officers, also discussed the implementation of development schemes funded by the state government as well as the central government.
Half an hour later, Meghalaya scored the third goal through Eightfulnes Shangdiar in the 32nd minute.
Conrad didn't hold elections, the Sengriewlum are the Sengriewlum, if they really care, they should have left the government, it wouldn't have happened.
Reham has slammed her ex-husband, saying Pakistan has become a country of robbers, fraudsters and robbers under the rule of Imran Khan. .
On the other hand, the head coach of the U-20 team, Maymol Rocky, said that her team is well prepared for the tour of Vietnam.
Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew Assistant Education Secretary KSU Central Body, Leningrad Tariang and others were present.
I don't know why Raij has brought the disease to KA BEIPUN BON called KA SYMBOOD KHNONG. I don't know why. Therefore, you must be able to do this.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbahdong of Madanriting Block A said that Macmillan and his friends are the youths whom the whole village has taken responsibility for. .
SHILLONG : A meeting for the Meghalaya Games will be held tomorrow at the Secretariat.
Nongpoh: It is true that the state government does not have the right to take action on the problems faced by the Khasi people living on the border with Assam. , to repair and improve the school for the accommodation of students in Khliehum Wang village, which was destroyed by the Assam Police in 2018, but till date, no get no help either.
The residents of Deiñler and other neighboring Waheh Shnongs who attended the meeting with the HNYM, expressed all the problems they face from time to time, from the roads, the water supply, health centres, schools and many others related to their agriculture.
“We are surprised at the attitude of the Congress leaders who have taken the initiative to go to Delhi to take part in the protest of the JNU students,” said HANM President Shaniah Suchen.
Sanbor said the Law Commission has sought comments from various groups regarding the implementation of the UCC and many have opposed the proposal to implement it. According to the opinion of the people, many of the indigenous people of Meghalaya are afraid that this law of the Central Government is against the laws, customs and beliefs that have been held since ancient times.
It is to be recalled that in these days the anger of the people has risen after the Assam police came and tried to forcibly occupy the land to build a Police Out Post in this area but the residents The villagers have protested against this act of violence by the Assam police.
Doesn't the Dorbar Shnong Tympang have the right to bring about a clean environment in the village and protect the village from the spread of this disease? the flu? Furthermore, the question is whether these aspirations of hers are unfounded? If we cannot follow the rules and regulations, the district administration will sympathize with the people of Salonsar and this is to close the village or lockdown and who will this affect? The answer is that you are poor and happy, you are dressed in shilliang shilliang shuwa, so it is better for us to change our Covid-19 appropriate behavior so that we don't blame each other or point fingers at each other. u wei.
When it was 10 o'clock, they were very worried and afraid that a man who never slept at night could have happened on the day when he had said that he was going to work with his friends.
The entrance fee for the event is 50 tyngka.
Rangdajied have five points by winning once and drawing twice while Langsning have four points.
Traffic has come to a standstill on the road.
At the meeting in Amlarem, Bah Stephenson Mukhim, former MLA of this constituency who is preparing to contest the MLA election next year from the NPP, welcomed the cooperation of Bah RL Tariang and others. your supporter.
Justice Khehar said the case needs to be heard and explained why such a case needs to be taken as the most important case.
After four consecutive defeats, Sawmer SC has scored its first point in the Shillong Premier League by beating Ryntih SC 4-0 in the first leg of the Shillong Premier League on 24th June SSA Polo Stadium, Shillong.
Nick's family has reportedly told him to break up with his new wife, as they see that Priyanka is not ready to live with him. u and not have children of her own, but she is reportedly a good person for charity, almost like a 21-year-old girl.
Shillong, July 20: The Government of Meghalaya through the Forest Department has signed a social agreement to allow companies to purchase land in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The Vice Chancellor of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla on Monday said that the University has no intention of postponing or changing the decision to implement the National Education Policy. (NEP)-2020 in the State.
Three persons, including Jakaiush K. Marak, Palous K. Marak and Athai K. Marak, have been arrested and imprisoned in the past few days. They have been accused of kidnapping and killing the 14-year-old boy, and have come to clarify to the media, saying that they have nothing to do with the incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) today launched its MP election campaign at Smit Market.
I thank @dpradhanbjp for your continued support and understanding".
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nonglum has congratulated Bah SD Khongwir for his contribution as the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlai Nonglum for 55 years.
Lakhon Dkhar scored 34', 40' & 45' goals for Nangbah Pohshnong to win the match.
Tori Jungai in the 43rd minute and Tiplang Rasmut in the 46th minute scored the second goal for Amlarem SC.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has congratulated the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) for its support to the union to discuss NEHU at Wahiajer village. part of the students.
In addition, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) should look into the request of the CEO to ensure that there will be no disruption in the smooth conduct of the elections. He said that according to the information received by the party staff, there may be attempts to disrupt the smooth running of the elections in the state especially in the districts of Jaintia Hills. and that runar that thmu myntoi shimet.
The Election Commission has already warned the public against carrying more than T.50,000/- tyngka.
One explanation for these findings is suggested by a study in the US in which mosquitoes were fed foods containing aspartame, a commonly used sweetener. good in sweet drinks or sweet juices.
The Bible does not say that Joseph gave birth to Jesus.
He said he is confident that in the future the farmers will stand together to work with the HFU to achieve many of the demands of the farmers.
The tournament will start from 15th to 20th July at Tura, West Garo Hills District.
The residents of these three constituencies have demanded that the government should look into the village road connecting to their village so that they can benefit like others in the state.
The Modi government has also increased the allocation from Rs 78,000 to Rs 1.20 lakh for the construction of poor houses in the rural areas.
A meeting was held on this occasion in the presence of the leaders of several leading organizations in Jowai.
In the United Provinces, the richest agricultural scientist who has produced many varieties of crops in this way is Rai Sahio Ram Prasad Singh.
The meeting also elected the new office bearers of the party. Embhah Syiemlieh was re-elected as the President of the party, Bah Linus Shadap was re-elected as the President of the party. Vice President, Babu Gervasis Kharmujai nominated as General Secretary, Aibor Roy Thangkhiew, Joint General Secretary, Edward Nongspung, Asst.General Secretary, Kong Santimai Muthiang, Asst.General Secretary, Teibor Marwein, Chief Organizer, L.D.Syiemlieh , Asst Organizing Secretary, Bah Finian Nongkseh, Treasurer and besides Bah SD Khongwir, Bah M. Sumer was also appointed as the Chief Executive Officer.
Shillong, Lber 03 : The MP of the Rajya Sabha from Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi has allocated Rs 10 lakh from his MP scheme for the construction of a tourist spot at Rit Lwai at Nongjrong village in Mawkynrew. Constituency.
Doctors had to give him an injection to reduce the disease.
This is also the first time that the athletes have reached the final and it is also the history of the state.
When asked what he would do on the issues that the ministers who were with him used to raise such as the funeral collection, they alleged that it was done without the knowledge of the Hima.
Political parties and candidates should refrain from actions and statements that affect the dignity of women.
When asked, Bah Paul said that some of the compensation for the loss is to be paid to the relatives of the victim. in consultation with the BSF Chiefs".
The feeling of closeness among the Khasi among other ethnic groups and age should also be fought or have friends as an effort for eternity.
Good 9
Some of them are accompanied by religious rituals such as the Shad Pom blang of the Hima Khyrim. you kba you wheat.
The journey of fish farmers was highlighted by Bah Phrang Roy, Founder of NESFAS at the celebration of Fish Day organized by the FAO of the United Nations on 20th June, .
Thus, each prayer of God is judged by whether it is right or wrong.
Jowai, November 13: A fire broke out in a petrol truck at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills.
Commentators say that the phrase “I stand at the door” means that even if the door did not open, Jesus would knock and wait outside without rest and without rest.
Meanwhile, if it is to be unloaded to places farther away from Byrnihat like Jagiroad and other places, it should be sold at the price of 3,000 to 3,200 metric tonnes and Dharmu has promised to do so.
Shillong, Naitung 06 : The MDCs of the Opposition have expressed their dissatisfaction with the Council's allocation of only 9 lakh tyngka for the Arts & Culture Department for the preservation of culture and traditions. culture.
“Freda, you're on the porch.
The arrest of these five persons came after the District Court in Ri Bhoi, refused to grant bail to these persons, even though they had come to the court to apply for bail. camp to the Police.
“Bah PT Sawkmie also expressed his deep regret over the purchase of mobile phones by parents for their children for online classes, which is necessary, but the children misuse them.
In a statement, the Sying farmers alleged that Bah Donbok Shadap was sent by an I-team from the Department of Agriculture. Donbok Shadap, to collect the Sying from the farmers in Umdang area under Mawshynrut Block.
Giving an example of the vacancies, Bah Nongrum said, “According to the vacancies announced by the MPSC on 9th November 2022, out of the 59 vacancies, 29 vacancies went to Garo, 21 vacancies went to Garo. The MPSC has announced 121 posts on 14th July 2022 and there are also the posts announced by the High Court on 23rd July 2022 for 121 posts. The RS has been ordered to be implemented after a complaint by a woman from Garo Hills.
During the visit, it was found that the incident on July 3, 2013, was true, on the sting and delay of the doctors to provide treatment to this mother, who gave birth in her sleep ( General Bed) without a doctor or nurse and this has caused her to lose her life and leave behind her husband and two small children.
When asked whether there is a need for a ban on all political parties, the Prime Minister said that this is an issue that has been discussed many times by the political parties.
Meghalaya will host the International Tourism Mart (ITM) for the first time from 21st to 23rd November in Shillong, announced the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. Thursday.
99 percent of the doctors in Shillong have plans for pocketshane. There are those who charge less, but they are better.
Shillong: On 29th July 2021, a truck carrying petrol and diesel overturned at a remote place in Mawtnum village. The AS 05 AC 0719 was driven by Drubo Jyoti Bora of Golaghat village in Assam with the intention of transporting the drugs to Agartala.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP), which leads the MDA government with the UDP, has decided to withdraw from the Shella by-election to be held on 21st March.
He said that there is a need to have convention centers in all district headquarters.
On behalf of the Jaintia District Council, Bah HS Thangkhiew said that since the JHADC has passed a law, it relates to the powers of the JHADC. Dolloi and Rangbah Shnong in 2015, demanding that she be removed from the list of defendants; However, the Supreme Court judges Pinaki Ghosh and RF Nariman have rejected the demand of the JHADC and have now included the role of the Dolloi as one of the issues to be decided by the Supreme Court. Court.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Meghalaya Medical Service Association (MMSA) today held an emergency meeting to discuss the arrest of two doctors of the Civil Hospital, yesterday. you step into the police.
Ardent said his opposition is not to the Roster System but to the implementation of the Roster System.
Dhana SC won the Best Discipline Team, Shain Muksor (Thangskai Tiger SC) Best Goal Keeper, Ioanis Suchen (Sutnga SSCC) Player of the Tournament and Player of the Match. Obadiah the Bare (Psalm of Shinar).
Inviting all those who are interested in this issue to participate, Kong Agnes said that it is known that the corruption of the system of governance, which is a threat to the society and the future generation, the inflation affecting the poor, loss of indigenous lands, youth unemployment, abuse of power by those in power, invasion of corrupt companies , and others affecting the state, we feel that the government's rule is a terrible attack on democracy and we cannot allow it to continue”.
She also inaugurated the new buildings of the Border Out Pots within the Meghalaya Border.
The value of the voter has declined so much that he can no longer vote freely.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 191 new cases have been confirmed and 1888 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
There should be a research or study on these sick units to find out why they cannot function properly and why they are a loss, because if they can function properly, it will help a lot in unemployment. problem or problem of unemployment.
The first match of the tournament was played between Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Hills United from Diphu, Karbi Anglong.
He said that from Kamphaduli to Mawsikar there are no other ethnic groups like Rabha, Boro or Assamese except Garo, Khasi and Nepali. They don't have a place anywhere to settle down because they are not Indians.
What is also important is the firm and righteous commitment to build and develop the youth.
According to Superintendent of Police (CID) Supriya Das, IPS, the Police Department has received information that there are people who collect information about their workplaces and employees from the Internet including Head Officers. to disguise themselves as Head Officers to steal money.
In a statement, the President of NEHU, Bah Tenny Shabong said that this decision was taken following the promise given by the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Shillong regarding the salary payment. The meeting was held with the Union on the 17th of this month.
Speaking to media, u Bah Lakmen said that as the Minister in charge of the education department, he has a plan to improve education in the state. The works that have already been completed will begin.
On the other hand, the JSU said that the proposed transfer of the DC WJHD is an insult to the entire district, as the current DC is a truly honest, responsible and hardworking person. He is also a humble person and helps all those in need as much as his authority as Deputy Commissioner allows.
Meanwhile, the President of the AMC&SA, Bah Gilbert G Laloo, said that the contractors have decided to register the imported workers.
Guwahati: The BJP has decided to work with the new political party in Nagaland, the National Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP), led by Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio in the 2018 MLA elections. The BJP has severed its ties with the Naga Peoples Front (NPF), with which it has worked for 15 years.
Both the candidates attended the meeting and promised in front of the party leaders that they will not leave the party but will remain with the party no matter what happens.
“The duty of the council is now that we have completed the first task of issuing a public notice, the second is to warn these nontribals who sell in the market. They must respect our notice and apply for their licenses through the legal channels and the final decision belongs to the district council after consideration. check their documents, whether they are qualified to get a license and anyone who violates this law we are prepared to face penalties they have to pay a fine or they have the right of the law to prohibit these forms of trade which will be suspended at present.
The Jammu-Srinagar highway was blocked yesterday after a landslide in Ramban district, which stranded more than 300 vehicles, police officials said.
This is to provide dignified assistance or support to individuals or families who have suddenly faced difficulties and challenges.
“The advantage of the Congress party is that I have been there for 15 years, our MLAs are doing well in the Legislative Assembly, the staff is strong, in 2088 polling stations we have staff. " said Pala.
We shouldn’t fight the government because we can’t.
He said that the report of the inspection will be sent to the government before Monday next month, before the two Chief Ministers of the two countries meet. They will discuss the issue of Langpih on the 16th of this month.
Besides, Bah Nongtnger said that the incident on Tuesday at Mahadev Khola was not caused by any religion or group, but only by individuals.
Most of the NSCN(K) members including Mobile Unit 5, 2nd Brigade have moved to Ukhrul, Grihang, Nagaland and Tirap. Arunachal Pradesh).
“Referring to the reservation should be divided according to the population, Bah Thomas said that this is a fact without taking into account that the population is higher in Khasi-Jaintia.
They forget that the river is one of the sources of water and water is life.
So it is easy to say that we are Christians, but it is difficult to say “we are children of God, led by the Spirit of God, without being born again and without being cleansed from our sins in the blood of the lamb.
A government school teacher from the village has phoned and sent these pictures and said that the residents of the village are in great surprise.
He said that while the search and rescue operations of the rescue teams are ongoing, the death toll and injuries could rise and it is not yet possible to identify all the victims. until all the important duties have been fulfilled.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Sanjeev Ningombam, Center Coordinator of the Kalam Centre, said that the purpose of the meeting was to take measures to address the problems of the garment manufacturers. in order to improve the income of the weavers in the North East.
The Vice Captain of Khliehmawlieh said that the team has worked hard from the beginning and it will be a day when the team will make history for West Khasi Hills if it wins the title. The final of this tournament will be held tomorrow.
One person died on the spot while another died while undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Banshanlang Nongdhar of Nangkir had a chance in the 23rd minute and M Nikhil Raj struck wide in the 23rd minute. Sawmer goalkeeper Pyrshangbanbha Dkhar managed to save the ball.
They said that now is the time for the Khasi and Garo residents in the area to unite and once the Khasi and Garo in the area have united, If the Nepalis try to infiltrate, there will be serious problems and it will cause unrest in the society.
Noting that the Government of Meghalaya has paid the travel expenses of all the students, the Minister said, “Some of them have already paid or have to pay as a fee but those are more difficult jobs. You know, we have many problems because the Government of India has ordered us not to send Chartered Flights and therefore we have to take Commercial Flights and this requires each student to pay for it. Although the Government wants to cut tickets from the first day, we have also faced difficulties.
“A nation that lives is a nation that doesn't fall apart”.
Aryan Borah and Akash Kumar Choudhury scored 8/69 while Aryan scored 10/107 to win the Player of the Year award. Match on old length.
He said the number of cases has risen to 12 including the deceased and all 11 have recovered.
The meeting was convened by the Ministry of Transport, Government of Meghalaya and the AEEE to discuss the proposal to implement EVs. in the state to protect the cleanliness of the environment.
Their religious condition is doubtful.
“We have also discussed that we should not move even if there is CUET,” said Banlumlang Rani President of KSU NEHU.
Criticizing the Government for not being able to relocate the residents from Them Ïew Mawlong, the VPP leader added, “Perhaps the meeting in these few days and the promise to give another 1.4 acres...has to be another mistake because of the approach of the MP and MDC elections.
They took this decision at a meeting held at Madan Malki.
At the beginning of the Dorbar, the Dorbar expressed its deep sorrow on the passing away of the Prime Minister of India, Sri Jawaharlal Nehru. as a sign of respect for Nehru.
In conclusion, Paul's letter to Galatians 6:21, “Concerning these things I have warned you before, as I warned you before, that those who do such things shall not inherit the kingdom of God. HIMA AND GOD".
The Railway Officer in charge of the Railway Department said that the operation was conducted from 8th to 17th November.
This was announced by Samla Pommura, General Secretary of the Seng.
It is also alleged that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has visited many districts and blocks in the state in the past three months.
Shortly after, a group appeared which taught people to celebrate the Lord's Day as a holiday in various charitable activities, walking, distance to the beach, eating stories, games, sports and games and many other recreational activities.
Thank you for your Ri Khasi...in the name of God NMR people are in trouble.
Shillong: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) East Khasi Hills, today issued an order that shops recognized by the government, to open from 8 am to 8 pm every day. days in Shillong and surrounding areas except for shops in Iewduh, Stand Jeep and Kyndai Lad.
He said that there are more than 50 villages under the jurisdiction of the Nongkynjang Sub Health Centre.
When asked whether he would return to the Congress party if offered the post of Chief Minister, he said, “My resignation from the Congress party is not because I want to seat.
Through this victory, Meghalaya has been promoted to the elite group with 19 points.
Assam Rifles Public School, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School and Iewrynghep Secondary School were the winners of the District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup organized by the District Level Sports Officer, East Khasi Hills District.
Priority Household (PHH) 5 kgs per head at the price of T.3/- per kg and Non-NFSA at the price of T.14/- per kg.
Furthermore, it was learned that there were 15 members, 8 of whom were named witnesses in the District Council Court including BK Syiem as the Adiviser. The Acting Syiem said that he has the authority and understood that if anyone complains against him, it will be a personal matter against him. said the man in a letter sent by twenty-two villages.
On the other hand, this will severely affect the people in their work and travel.
According to them, this is not the custom in the Hima Mylliem and they believe that it is a personal theft of the minister.
Abu Taher Mondal was accompanied by Commissioner & Secretary, Power department, Meghalaya and Subhasankar Debsarma Biswas, Director (Generation) of West Bengal State Electricity Distributor Company Limited.
Doctor D.Kharbhih, MHO Mawkyrwat CHC, while speaking on the impact of alcoholism, said that firstly, alcoholism affects the health, secondly, alcoholism affects the health and if the father is alcoholic, it affects the children. There is a lack of food and drink among the children, the lack of education and the destruction of the household.
In the men's Indian Round (Team Event), South West Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating East Khasi Hills District.
We need to score three points from this match tomorrow,” said the Lajong captain.
We want to protect the welfare of the people living in the border areas.
After a while, Eiladki scored a hat-trick in the 49th minute.
During the meeting, the Superintendent Engineer said that the reason for the delay in the construction of this road is due to the implementation of the covid-1919 lockdown. street.
In fact, the railway stations should be better than the airports because many poor people travel by train, he said.
I think if we are attacked on that day it will be a record,” said Sanbor.
When asked about the opposition of the Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong to the land vendors to sit on the streets, Prestone Tynsong said that the government will not allow the land vendors to sit on the streets, but will try to give them space aside.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has set up a committee for the rules or SOPs for the reopening of churches.
The reception ceremony was held at the Seiñ Raij Chrah-Umphula. These ancient objects were also received at the Booh Tiar Ïongrim Museum.
The District Magistrate of West Tripura, Shailesh Kumar Yadav, has been suspended for assaulting a journalist in Agartala.
The injured has recovered in these days, the report said and said that he is a farmer.
Therefore, the KHADC requests the residents of the constituency to attend the meeting to hear the views of the candidates for the KHADC. Shillong, Jymmang 16: Umsning Market which was scheduled to be held on 24th June, has been postponed to 25th June,
Bah Francis Syiemlieh When we say 'Religion' we mean the way of life of man (creation) by pleasing God (the Creator).
However, within these 40 years, they have been cleaned up and there are no more slums in Shillong.
The Seng also condemns and opposes Sushmita Dev, the leader of the Mahila Congress, for her baseless allegation against the Khasi people.
The Governor of Jharkhand, CP Radhakrishnan, Chief Minister of Jharkhand, Hemant Soren, Child Minister of Tribal Affairs, Arjun Munda were present on the occasion.
The Chief Minister of Tripura, Dr. Manik Saha, in the past few days, said that the Central Government has approved the allocation of up to T.2000 crore for the implementation of Jal Jeevan Mission scheme in the state.
However, he said that there are two land owners whose land has exceeded Rs 10 crore but has been sold to other people.
The beginning of the problem is the rude behavior of the employees of the Municipal Board by their spreading of garbage which has prompted the residents to stand against this behaviour.
The village council has urged everyone to work together to fight against COVID-1
In these times of pandemic, doctors, nurses and others working in the health department are at the forefront of the fight against the coronavirus. this man's behavior was not pleasant.
The Acting Syiem also announced that there is a request for information under the RTI Act by Jespar Nongsiej and Kyrshan Lyngdoh who claim to be from Phlangdiloin. many information must be approved by the Dorbar Paidbah of the Hima and there are also information relating to all the Khlaw Khurit of all the children of the Hima.
However, suddenly, the father of the girl, Bah Rubi Binong, on the 27th of this month, received a phone call from the authorities of the school who informed him that his daughter had died. He was in critical condition and ordered him to come to the school.
The SOP for mining lease for coal, which requires at least 100 hectares of land and the agreement between the land owners and the applicants will not benefit the land owners,” she said. There is too much land for one owner to buy.
It is worth mentioning that Bah BB Lyngdoh is a player for the development of Meghalaya along with Capt WA Sangma and other leaders of the state.
At present, a joint survey by both sides is ongoing in both the states to resolve the border issue.
He said that the MDA government wants to disgrace the state because they do not fear God by trying to make the state a place of empty.
On Monday, 305 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the death toll to 1498 in the state.
He admitted that the Congress is a shlem that trains and produces politicians and as in the present government, half of the government ministers have left the Congress including the NPP candidate. I am the MLA of East Shillong.
D Iakai, Vice President, said that after finding out about the actions of the VWSC committee, the union has already lodged a letter of complaint with the office of the PHE Swatch Bharat Mission but the office has given time to the committee. approximately 15 days to complete remaining work; Otherwise, the office will take action against the committee.
What happens in other states and countries in the world can be spread in just a few seconds or minutes.
Nongpoh: Youths from Nongmawlong village, one of the rural villages in Ri Bhoi District, who have not yet joined any youth organization, on Saturday, went to They joined the RBYF and on the same day, they were appointed to the Nongmawlong Unit.
May God bless you all.
He said the UDP is the only party that supports the government.
However, when I was elected, I will fulfill my duties to the Cabinet,” he added.
Shillong, Naitung 23 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday slammed the state government for not listening to the decision of the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to implement the National Education Policy (NEP). ) 2020.
Therefore, on the allegation by the village leaders of Nongsier Jirang, that the KSU is involved in illegal activities and also that it interferes with the village affairs, the KSU demands that the village should clarify immediately within 10 months. and if it cannot provide evidence as alleged, the party will take other measures against this insult to the party, he added.
Therefore, the youth of this state, should stand up to surprise once again, open their eyes and open their minds that the time has come for them to surprise. , because the days are not long that if we continue to live like this life, we will become slaves in our own country, where the future generations will suffer and the nation may be destroyed. not from these er-lang-thari that come to lyngshop in this present age.
The people of Salonsar understand that eternal life is that a person goes to live and rest forever in heaven or at the door of God after they have left life on earth.
The film is produced by Kamrils Films in collaboration with Lamjingshai Productions.
If tribals or indigenous people who have converted to Christianity or Islam should lose their rights and privileges, so should tribals who have converted to Hinduism.
The training was conducted in two parts by the Technical Director of AIFF Robert Baan.
The program was held at Nonglang Higher Secondary School and before the examination for the disabled, a short meeting was held in the presence of Bah Richard Wahlang. Shempang Syiemlieh Block Development Officer Mawshynrut Block was invited as the chief guest, VC War District Social Welfare Officer, Ailan Lyngdoh, Sordar Shnong, Doctors who came from Shillong including doctors who look after the patients. the mentally retarded, the lame, the crippled, the blind and the speechless.
“The meeting will be held at 11 pm on November 20,” the official told reporters.
The collection of rupees is not the same as the government price, but is collected as they wish without a receipt.
There are things that can be achieved and there are things that cannot be achieved even if we do something.
The competition, which is held every Tuesday, was judged by Bollywood film stars and dancers Nora Fatehi and Remo D'Souza.
The Dorbar Shnong will open the gates to enter the tourist attractions from 6 pm to 8 pm.
Nongstoiñ: The West Khasi Hills District Dealers Association (WKDA) on Thursday held a meeting to discuss many issues especially the problems faced by the dealers. and the high cost of school meal mid day meal and other issues.
“There is a protest to review the reservation policy and roster system.
They both returned to Shillong to celebrate the Republic Day on Sunday,” said the newspaper.
The PM-DevINE will be implemented by the Ministry of DoNER through the North Eastern Council (NEC) or Central Government departments.
The seventh contribution is that the farmers save us who do not farm.
“I feel like it is unfortunate and unthinkable that during my tenure as MLA I have been able to bring about many development projects, and this is the humility, hard work with the cooperation of the village officials.
Therefore, as a nation, we need to be surprised, ready to take action not to forget our own language, what is lacking will be worked harder to fill it.
In 2013, the UDP won eight seats under the leadership of Dr Donkupar Roy.
Service-If you want to trade in broiler chickens, shynrai or broiler chickens to become a supplier you must set the same goal, the idea is that you must be able to supply the product. You must always go to the merchants in the marketplace, otherwise the merchants will not trust you.
When asked about the NPP's performance in the Sohiong elections, Prestone said it is on the right track and according to the results, it may be a contest between the UDP and the UDP. NPP, and even the Congress as well.
The first polling will be held on 27th October and the final polling will be held on 27th June
The fact is that the existence of these factories has not benefited the indigenous people in terms of employment or economic development.
If it is a special session for the No Confidence Motion, we will discuss only that.
It is learned that the reason for the deterioration of the road is due to the allowance of Boulder trucks carrying stone to park at the site and at the same time due to the company's demolition of the old road. , which are the reasons why this road has deteriorated and is full of snow and ice.
The Minister said that the 20 children in Tamil Nadu were led by the Lei Synshar Volunteer Team led by Bah Barberar Khonglam from Pynursla and Bah Puramon Kynjing from Jowai. their parents for them to get an education.
He said that it is now up to the Shella Circle to do whatever is necessary and take a decision on this matter.
The funeral service will be held on 15/08/2021 at 2 pm at the cemetery of Balang U Blei Ecclesia Jowai.
If MeECL turns off the electricity for two or three hours in the month of November when there is still a lot of rainfall, tomorrow when the time comes in the month of Tlang, what will happen is unknown.
The District Sports Officer, Jowai invites all runners from the District Sports Office, Jowai to take part in the Run for Democracy Marathon.
When asked whether there is any difference of opinion with the UDP MDCs, Shylla said, “Yes, there is no difference”. said.
Tariang FC won a cash prize of T.2,50,000 while Umsalait SC won T.1,50,000 and trophies.
Not only these benefits can we get from the presence of the Umngot River, but there are many others that we cannot count or explain in this short article.
NEDFi provides assistance to local entrepreneurs through its various loan schemes and also paves the way for young entrepreneurs through its Business Facilitation Centre.
When there was no buyer, Niakha began to ask her about what had happened and she didn't come back to the house or the shop.
The policy also provides for ways to prevent floods and how to prevent them.
“We don't know when we will start reopening our shops because we are still in darkness.
The ceremony was held at the Parish Hall Nongpoh where the chief guest was Pynshai Kharbani, President of FKJGP NKHD. FKJGP NKHD, General Secretary, parents of students and others.
The Khyriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam are one of the Khasi people.
Those sentenced to death include Mohammad Faisal, Gaus Mohammad Khan, Mohammad Azhar, Atiq Muzaffer, Mohammad Danish, Mohammad Sayyed Meer Hussain and Asif Iqbal.
Groups of Christians have staged a protest at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi to protest against the attacks on many churches, violence, attacks and arrests of Christians across parts of the country. you country.
Jowai, July 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District strongly condemns the selfish people and corrupt officials involved in the dismissal of the DC of WJHD, Ma PS Dkhar (IAS officer).
Mari Born Marweiñ Memorial Secondary School, Mari Born Marweiñ Memorial Secondary School, also distributed special prizes to 3 students who passed well in the SSLC examination. Wandahun Kurbah and Astha Rai who came in the second position of the SSLC examination and Phibanribiang Diengdoh who came in the fourth position of the SSLC examination
Nyingchi is a small town in Tibet, located on the border of Arunachal Pradesh.
Earlier, another person had received T.1.61 lakh in his bank account.
Pale Driver.
The meeting was held with the Superintendent of Geology, Bah Sunfriday Kharlyngdoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 10: Two persons who were kidnapped by a gang of robbers have escaped with the help of Garo Hills Police on Friday.
However, on the other hand, the Congress Meghalaya leaders on Saturday met and decided to cooperate in the upcoming mid-term elections.
Haman was also an enemy of the Jewish people who plotted to destroy them under the rule of King Ahasuerus.
When inquired, he said that the reason for not selling the shallans may be because these four persons want to market their shallans at a price of more than T1 lakh each while the price of the shallans is T1 lakh. According to the government, it is only T4000 per shiton.
She also explained in detail about the various schemes that provide financial assistance to TB patients during their treatment and treatment.
“You think I'll just listen and be calm,” she said. “I'm doing my right and you...” Hep said. My job, you think I'm afraid of your father, I'm not afraid, now you'll have trouble with me..." said the sister of Bah Let.
The Rouse Avenue Court, while sending Sisodia to the CBI, ordered that the investigation into the AAP leader during his detention should be conducted in There are no CCTV cameras in accordance with the rules laid down by the Supreme Court and these footages should have been released by the CBI team. The accused has been remanded in custody by the CBI for five days until October 4 for further investigation into the charges.
The price should be T.80 if they buy or count for two months,” he said.
When Rupang spoke to some of the residents of Mawkhar Constituency, they said that in the upcoming elections on the 24th of June, many of them don't know whom they will vote for. their leader.
At the end of the tournament, special prizes were awarded to the winners: Under-14 Years Boys Best Goal Keeper: Idamayalang Pyrtuh, Player of the Tournament: Richanmi-O Lyngdoh of Roman Catholic Evening S.S.
“I hope that the authorities will be able to defeat this force which is fighting to disrupt the peace and order in our state,” said Bah Rymbui.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Hima Mylliem today distributed certificates to the Rangbah Shnongs of the city and surrounding areas. The 19 Rangbah Shnongs of the Upper Shillong Pyllun and the 14 Rangbah Shnong Dorbar of the new Nong Shnong were distributed. There are 30 members from 29 Dorbar Shnongs in the Khasi National Dorbar Hall.
He said that most of the residents in the area are poor and when they go to Mairang, the cost has increased instead of spending on the expenses of the household. They have had to spend on transportation and food on the road, which has affected the families of the sick.
The Government of Meghalaya has a moral duty to inform Bangladesh through Delhi.
On the Presidential election to be held on Tuesday, Bah Khongsit urged the 60 MLAs and MPs from the state to vote in the election according to the rules.
She said five people died in 2013, three in 2014, three in 2009 and one in
I am the Head Misteri and if I do any work. If I ask for money from the owners to buy equipment, I ask for 10 lakh tyngka while the price of the equipment is only 900 tyngka. I showed 10,000 tyngka on the receipt and that 30,000 tyngka was not eaten by me.
In her speech, she urged the youth, men and women as well as the women to be the leaders when there is any religious activity within the Seiñ Raij or at home and they should also take part in the religious activities. gain understanding later.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the Pa'iem said that he did not find any reason with the Nongwah Mawtamur, but they came to request the Hima Jirang to join the Hima Jirang. Neighboring Hima.
However, the cultivation of cash crops is still very low and many are just starting to cultivate other crops.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 46,433 with 32,138 confirmed cases and 12,726 recoveries, the health ministry said. 1,568 deaths.
Speaking to reporters, Tony Marbaniang said that he is now in the BJP and is a member of the BJP. He said that the contest has decided that he will contest whether he wins or loses the ticket.
"More importantly, the Taliban needs to build safety zones near a major city and borders for trade like China... and strengthen trade with neighboring countries," he said. added.
“It doesn't mean that he will give birth to his children, all those who support the VPP will give birth.
Nesly Shadap from ALC Larnai village who spoke on fertilizer, Wanpoiri Shadap from ALC Lumtrep village who spoke about Sying farming, they face and how they overcome these challenges.
God said pat.
On the same day, a Knock Out Football Tournament was also held in the Under 10, 13 and 18 category.
Initially, police arrested a man near the KHADC office, from whom they seized more than three boxes of soap containing heroin. 66.46 grams, along with two mobile phones and a Hyundai Eon used by him.
James Sutnga, Tournament Director of EJHDFA, congratulated the four villages for donating their stadiums to complete the Super League this season.
However, the residents of the area who came to the scene, expressed their opposition to the land grabbing and expressed face to face with the District authorities that they do not want to allow the grabbing. The construction of this project will continue but should not be stopped completely.
He said that the state needs a lot of things in terms of economic development, the state itself needs a lot of work to be done, whether it is in income or in many areas. , especially in the examination of laws and regulations.
Khliehriat, July 24: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has prepared the postal ballots for those who are suspected of having ballot papers. They have been banned from voting with the people at the polling stations for the upcoming Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Election.
“In 1972, there were only 4 lakh Khasi-Jaintia and only 3 lakh Garo, but the population has increased dramatically,” he said.
He also encouraged and wished the young players who will play for Haryana to work hard and play well.
Purno's youngest son, Conrad K. Sangma, has contested from the NPP against Congress candidate Dikkanchi D. Shira, MLA from Mahendraganj.
In churches, the number of people should be one third of the seats in churches, in mosques they should be five feet apart.
Of these, 234 were arrested in 2022, 355 in 2023 and 25 in 2024. 10 percent of these were women drug traffickers.
“If the new Governor is wise, he should do better than him to promote tourism in Meghalaya,” he said.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: U Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh today visited Umden PHC to learn about the working methods and shortcomings that the PHC still needs to provide good services to the patients. public in relation to health.
Speaking to reporters, Dr. Ampareen said that as an MLA working with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, she will discuss the demand of the teachers with the Chief Minister when the I came from Garo Hills.
At this meeting, the President of the NPP West Jaintia Hills District and MLA Jowai Constituency Ma Wailadmiki Shylla said that the NPP will win 33 MLAs including 18 from Khasi Jaintia Hills and 15 from Garo Hills. .
“Since I was an officer, I have seen that if we don't unite, there will be problems and the UDP is the party to bring together the parties, the MLAs to come together in one platform to bring about development,” he said. he said.
You don't have to worry about family planning.
After the meeting, the Chief Guest lit a candle to mark the opening of the 1st Kiang Nangbah Youth Conference which will end on 30th November.
However, at the same time, he said that he has not left the UDP since he joined and he is still in the UDP.
The management of Ri Bhoi Synod College has taken this step to honor these 18 first students of the College, after they have completed their studies. They are proud to be the first students of the College.
The existing roads are also still too bad.
So far, the film has grossed T.87.78 crore, according to film researcher Taran Adarsh.
The people are clear, they understand," he said.
Announcing this after the meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the salary increase was after considering the circumstances.
Thus, the United Khasi-JHADC Regulations, 1952 were implemented twice, in 1954, the UK-JHADC established the Christian Marriage. ) Bill, 1954 by amending the Indian Christian Marriage Act, 1872 which is one of the 225 Acts included in the Schedule of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District Application of Laws Regulations, 1952 and It received the approval of the Governor on 23rd April, 1954 and was published in the Assam Gazette on 5th May, 1954 and has been in force since that time (5th May, 1954) until today.
“The people still love and trust the Congress, and only the Congress party is still strong in all the districts and the people are still loyal to the Congress,” he added.
“I need someone to drive for me.
Raymon Phawa scored the first goal for Cham Cham SC in the 16th minute, but after half an hour Tubershohshrieh turned the tide through Salai Rymbai in the 39th minute.
“Now we have to consider this from all sides and finally we will take a decision from the State Selection Committee on which of these two candidates to give ticket,” he said.
“The NPP is trying to announce to the world that the people of Meghalaya accept the CAB and this is a turning point for the people and a backwardness,” he said.
The MCTA also raised questions regarding the implementation of modern technology in the teaching process through the implementation of the NEP, the lack of own office rooms for teachers. They also expressed the conflict between the provision of facilities and the shortage of NEHU in terms of preparation.
Before the award ceremony, a short speech was delivered by the Chief Guest, Bah ES Majaw (Owner of Ri Khasi Book Agency). Thank you very much for your efforts to do good deeds for the benefit of the nation and especially for the ability of this group of youths to make this Khasi Traditional Costume Competition 2022 a success.
She said that many of the HSPDP leaders in the CEC have been speaking against and criticizing the violence of Bah Ardent. “But I don't know why they are willing to criticize only after they have come forward. When they sit in the CEC, why don't they speak? I don't know what they have in mind,” said Bada. She said that she was the President of the Women's Wing of the party in East Khasi Hills but Ardent has forcibly dissolved the office without consulting her. Hoping said that she was concerned about this.
His term of office shall be for three years.
He said that if the work goes smoothly as planned, the children's home will be operational in October.
He said the same letter will be sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and all the leaders of various political parties so that they can discuss this at their meeting. everything.
Roykupar urged the state government to stand up and demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The tournament, which will end on November 1, was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, SAI. Indoor Hall.
He said that the border settlement does not mean that if it cannot be resolved, we will shoot at our people.
A 6.8 magnitude earthquake struck the Atlas Mountains of Morocco on Tuesday night, killing more than 2,862 people. More than 2,500 people were injured in the incident.
The central theme of the program was spoken by Evenearly Syiemiong, Case Registry Assistant, DM&HP, while Banisha Snaitang, Psychiatric Nurse, DM&HP spoke on the theme of the programme. the reasons why people take and kill themselves and some of the safety measures to save them from this disaster.
On Friday morning, police seized 676 grams of heroin and 30 strips of Nitrazepam.
At present, he said, almost all the areas have been repaired and signboards have been erected but the only thing left is from Tharia to Jaintia Hills where there is opposition.
“(As soon as I got the information I rushed) and I arrived here at 2:00 pm and saw only people gathered and the flames of fire inside the dam.
Shillong, July 01: The 11:00 pm on the 1st July 2023, may be a historic moment in the state, as it is at this time that the officer of the state government, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, visited the residence of Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit to present a letter or notification from the State Government issued by the Governor informing that an Expert Committee has been appointed to review the Reservation Policy. .
Ms Ilasiewdor said that it is beautiful to see that the youth are proud to showcase their traditional foods.
To those who know how to deceive, their deceitfulness becomes their righteousness.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the vehicle.
A Russian soldier, angry with his commanding officer, has thrown a stick at his commander, as a sign of the death or injury of many soldiers. Ukrainian journalists say.
“We are waiting to respond to the Governor after the Cabinet meeting,” said Bah HDR. Earlier, seven MDCs of KHADC had met the Governor and vowed to appeal to the Court if to accept the Bill to divide the constituency.
God is the same yesterday and today and forever.
The inspection followed a meeting held on 10th November 2023 at Pynursla and the meeting, chaired by the SDO (Civil), agreed to inspect , only to the wells, which are involved in the proposed road.
This has been one of the election campaign issues of the HSPDP and has been strong for several years.
The teacher was also alleged to have raped six girls and a 17-year-old Class IX girl.
At Mount Sinai the “covenant of Moses” made a covenant with Yahweh and also made a covenant between themselves.
He was speaking to the media on the threat of the armed group to suspend the peace talks with the State Government and the Central Government after alleging that the Government has sent a summons to the Secretary. the HNLC and Mr. Saingkupar Nongtraw.
When I was ten years old, I went to his shop to remind him of the 25,000 tyngka he had asked me for.
In the past 10 days, about 30-40 Pik Up vehicles have been brought to the market but now it has decreased due to the low price.
“The scheme which was launched today is aimed at increasing the income of the garment manufacturers in the area and also to ensure that their old business will get recognition from the “The country and the world,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Throughout the times in this state, we have seen and experienced many incidents, which have happened on occasion such as – the introduction of reservation policy, then the challenges on the MBOSE, the problems and dangers arising from Bangladesh border, Assam's encroachment and encroachment on border areas, suspension of appointments in government departments due to non-compliance with court orders, non-payment of salaries of employees and especially teachers, corruption, decline in education, unemployment, power outages (besides encouraging young people to work for themselves and not talking about power sector).
Shillong, Nailur 22: The United Democratic Party (UDP) War Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the MLA of Amlarem Constituency, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, who is also the Minister of State, to oppose the proposal of the Amlarem Constituency. MeECL has handed over the collection of electricity bill in War Jaintia to the Company.
He said that Irom Sharmila from Manipur has been protesting against the AFSPA since 2000 and has been arrested and imprisoned but she has not backed down from the struggle to demand the repeal of the AFSPA. In April 2004, the Executive Committee of the National Council of Churches in India (NCCI) wrote a letter to the President and Prime Minister of the country demanding the repeal of the Act.
This bombing happened day and night until the Shynrang of the village became angry.
Shillong: Due to the lack of confidence in the authorities in charge of the completion of the Rongap Bridge near Baiza in Williamnagar, various Sengbhalang have decided to declare an office blockade in Williamnagar on the 26th of this month. date of this month.
The Government has convened a meeting of all political parties to discuss and give many ideas on how to maintain peace and order after the incident in Ishamati.
The BJP has said that Kong Roshan cannot serve the state as Defense Minister because of the rape of two girls by police sub-inspector Nurul Islam, who escaped.
Other MDCs at that time included Bah Rit Adelbert Nongrum.
The tournament has eliminated the top players of the state, speaking of its determination to provide opportunities for aspiring players.
Since 26.01.1950 (Republic Day), the Khasi States have been annexed within the boundaries of the ASSAM STATE according to the definition in the First. Schedule' of the Constitution of India which further provides that the Khasi States shall fall within the boundaries of the United Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous District. by Paragraph 20:sub-paragraph (2) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
He said that the people are afraid to be deported to Assam in this border demarcation and as expressed by the people, they don't want to go to Assam, because according to the documents, The witnesses are from Meghalaya and not from Assam.
The report they brought to the king in Shushan reads- “(Nehemiah 1:3) In the year 445 BC at the time of this report Nehemiah was one of the officials of the Persian Empire and and he served in the king's house in Shushan the palace.
The RTI letter No. DMR/E 841/06/Vol II dated Shillong, July 7, 2014 states that the DMR has not authorized anyone to mine coal. The RTI has been forwarded to the office of the Divisional Forest Officer (T) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai and also to the office of the DC West Jaintia Hills District to inform the RTI applicant. paw is an illegal act without proper documents.
The training program will continue on 21st-22nd October with a 2 Days Teacher Need Analysis Training on Inclusive Education and on the 23rd October there will be an Orientation Program for Parents/Guardian of CWSN on Inclusive Education. Education.
The demand of the applicants is that the Government should release the results which they have already written.
Also present on the occasion were Bah D. Langstieh, Director of Soil & Water Conservation, Bah W. Rymbai, Additional Director, Bah SK Sangma, Bah G. Kharmujai, Joint Director Soil & Water Conservation Meghalaya, Shillong and Bah DL Warbah, Joint Director Soil & Water Conservation, CTI Byrnihat.
As part of this initiative, APEDA has opened the door to the transportation of Meghalaya's GI tag recognized Soybeans to Dubai in collaboration with the Agriculture & Farmers Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
The KSU Bangalore unit has been informed of the incident and they will inform the parents of the deceased.
It looks like a tent and sometimes like a desert.
On this occasion, the leaders of the party led by the President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem confirmed the office bearers of the Unit in the presence of the elders and the residents.
Shillong: The turnout in three constituencies today reached 83.45 percent.
The MBOSE on Monday announced the results of Class XII Science and Commerce and Vocational.
Does the Department of Agriculture have the opportunity to receive assistance from the State Government? Wanlem Langchiang.
South Korea have lost both their matches and will have to win against Germany.
India Water Week – 2022 will feature various programs such as seminars, panel discussions and special sessions held in collaboration with stakeholders, especially State Governments, Central Government departments. , groups from other countries, partner countries and various groups including national NGOs.
He said that there are families who do not die of hunger after running out of rice bought at home because they don't have enough money.
He said that even though the first phase of the social boundary settlement has been completed, there should be no obstacle to the second phase of the social settlement. The border crossing of Assam will continue for hundreds of years and the border crossing of Assam will increase.
Shillong, June 12: The Muay Thai Association of Meghalaya (MMU) has announced that four of its best players will participate in the IMFA World Championship Muaythai to be held in Bangkok, Thailand from 4 January 21 – January 13, 2023.
Speaking to reporters, Bah John Mawphniang, Secretary of the JAC, said that after the leaders of the four organizations received information about the intention of the Assam Rifles to buy land in Lawbyrwa, He said that as it is now, many of the people in the middle of the city and in the countryside don't need any military base, because many of them were killed because they had no power and no army.
Later, a higher ranking soldier who was in the rank of Commander came and there was a meeting, because the soldiers promised to stop this work and the government authorities will Please discuss this matter.
The Yatra was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi on 15th November 2023 at Khunti, Jharkhand. sanitation facilities, financial services, electricity, LPG cylinder access, low-income housing, food security, nutritious food, Safe health facilities, clean drinking water and other benefits that the people should receive from the government.
He said that the harassment of Bangladeshis lasted for three days, from the 12th to the 3rd to the 4th of June, which is the ID day of Muslims in the country. in Bangladesh.
The office bearers of the committee are as follows: Elising Tongper, Chairman, Standly Massar Vice Chairman, Daiapher Lamare, Secretary and Desous Pohshna, MLA of the constituency, as one of the advisors.
With the opening of NERS/ERSS or Dial '112', from now on all Emergency numbers such as 100 (Police), 101 (Fire Service), 108 (Ambulance), 181 (Women & Child Care) will become one. number '112'.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Rangbah of the Nongkhlaw Kur have lodged a complaint with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the EM in charge of the Elaka, Bah Lamphrang Blah. I'm from Nongkhlaw.
If you win, then you will have schemes to create and cover the costs.
At the same time, I see the horror of unemployment, that out of 10 households I enter every day, 3 or 4 households have children who are still waiting for food from retired parents. from work.
Speaking on the occasion, the Jowai MLA said that he would like to say that if he can speak in the House, he will stand on the ground to abolish the Reservation Policy.
Khliehriat, July 21: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, today announced that the 144CrPC Act has been implemented immediately in the district. To maintain peace and order in the district especially at this time when the state is preparing for the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly elections 2023, the rules and regulations are in line with the Model Code of Conduct.
In this book, there are also words of gratitude in which this young man expresses his gratitude to all his friends who have always encouraged him, to the schools, colleges, and to all his friends. .
Johnsing Mukhim scored the first goal for Jarain in the 28th minute and Iaishah Khongmuloh for Dongmihsngi Mupyut in the 70th minute.
“I am a young Rangbah who has experienced poverty like others and I understand the problems.
The group has visited these families and tried to raise awareness through YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook to raise awareness.
In 2007, Lukha collapsed and the fish could no longer survive.
On the other hand, the Chairman also congratulated all those who came from all over the country, from the city and from the countryside to show that they do not agree with the silence of the Government. to increase by 2 tyngka in relation to petrol and diesel.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 28 : The Dorbar Shnong Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng in its Executive Dorbar recently, has expressed its deep sorrow over the exploitation of unidentified persons who tried to burn down the construction site. (Furniture Unit) of one of the residents of the area by taking advantage of the situation in the state.
“I don't know why the government is slow to respond to this case which needs to keep the rivers clean,” he said.
Alertson Nongbri, MCS, Shillong has been appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh. He was promoted and appointed as Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
This decision of the party paved the way for another coalition government in Assam led by Sir Abdullah of the AIML. From 1939 to 1941, the Assam government under the leadership of Abdullah. It has given 10 lakh bighas of land in northern Assam to Bangladesh.
In this Committee, there are the most important people.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the introduction of AR in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Lyngdoh and Teiborlang Pathaw of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) who have joined the UDF led by Latiplang Kharkongor, who was elected CEM under the Administrator Rule (AR).
God chose Mary to be the mother of Jesus, after the angel Gabriel appeared to her and by her obedience to the angel's word she conceived and gave birth to a Son who was named 'Jesus' said u.
The Minister said that he has already explained to the Minister in charge of Railways, Ashwini Vaishnaw that there are concerns on the part of the people. the state and it is not good to carry on the work by force.
Regarding the readiness of the people to come forward to get the COVID-19 vaccine, he expressed his satisfaction that the people have taken the initiative to come forward and those who have been vaccinated against COVID-1 understand the importance of COVID-19 vaccination.
I have already sent my letter to some party members, and maybe it is true,” said Avner.
The JHADC, after canceling the budget session, has requested permission to hold the budget session from the 3rd of this month and has received approval to hold the budget session so that it can proceed with its work. the council.
After a thorough investigation by the police, Blansius Nongsiej was arrested immediately after the incident and after investigation, the Court of the Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ, on 18 On the 1st of this month, the court has sentenced him to death.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Information and Communications, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, in reply to a question, said that the lack of network at the border is the responsibility of the central government and the state government will request.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul said, “We will invite the church leaders to talk to the youth who have been misled to come to the right path”.
The Minister during the inspection of the Auditorium found that the condition of the Halls is very poor, but the Auditorium has started to be repaired for a few days and the Minister said that it has not been repaired. It is no longer enough to repair but it is necessary to build a new building which has up to 6 floors and to demolish the old building due to the collapse.
Jowai, July 12: The Under-13 Football Tournament 2024 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Northeast Stadium, Jowai.
In East Jaintia Hills, 3 cases are high risk and in North Garo Hills, 1 case is high risk.
We do not agree to increase insurance because the income of the owners is low.
The collapse of the bridge at Duwar Ksuid in Shillong by-pass is very surprising.
The NPYF Umroi Block invites and invites the public to witness the tournament so that it will be a peaceful and orderly tournament.
And all this we can do only if cooperation and trust go hand in hand2
What is the purpose you want to bring through this.
The silver medalists included Babit Kharsahnoh, Elbring Umbah and Lumjingsuk Iawphniaw.
Kiang Nangbah was a Jaintia and that is why he was known or called.
The BJP in Meghalaya is slowly implementing the schemes that the Central Government has implemented in the state while the NPP is trying to take advantage of them for its own political benefit.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The National People's Party (NPP) is now preparing to nominate its President Kennedy Khyriem to contest from the constituency in the upcoming MLA elections.
If the Meghalaya CM cannot come to Guwahati in the first month of April, we can do so in the second month of this month,” said the Assam CM.
“Of course there are other issues that have to be discussed with the Ministries which we have already discussed and we have received a good answer whether it is from the Ministry of Education related to CUET or CIF from the Finance Ministry,” he said. When asked whether the Government will appeal against the recent order of the High Court to send the CISF to curb the smuggling of coal, the Minister said, “The Government is considering the This will take a decision in the next few days.
When asked, he said, “The delay in filling the vacancies is due to the fact that the former Vice Chancellors did not call for the advertisement and did not call for the Selection Process.
Three civilians have been arrested in Ribhoi District, one in West Jaintia Hills, 56 in East Khasi Hills and these include one BSF personnel, three soldiers and 52 civilians.
Shillong, Nailur 8: A snar smuggler and two others have been arrested by the state police who arrested them along with firearms while they were carrying in a truck.
According to a statement from Wanteibok Lyngdoh, the meeting with the chief officers of these two departments was not successful after the absence of these officers. He also met with Dr (MS) B.Nongbri Sr Scientist who has been in charge due to the absence of these officers and also gave a letter.
The match was attended by 67,215 spectators at the Puskas Arena and one goal was scored by Hungary's Szabolcs Schon in the 80th minute. goal, because you are offside.
The MDA will hold a meeting on the 17th of this month to discuss the MP elections to the Rajya Sabha to be held on the 19th of this month.
The rallies were held from time to time and were attended by the MLA of the constituency, Ma Shitlang Pale, the MDCs of the constituency, the Joint Action Committee under the leadership of Bah Kynsaimon Amse and KSU EJH. and the EJNC. The complaints of the residents of these areas have been in vain and the Government has treated them with contempt.
Skin benefits of sohsaw: Reduces sunburn: Lycopene is a carotenoid, a natural pigment that has the ability to increase the redness of some fruits and vegetables.
Galaxy Junior FC has qualified for the quarter finals of the Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 organized by the Ri Khasi Social and Cultural Sports Club in Bhoirymbong.
Even in overseeing the administration of work and writing patient medication lists.
“He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
He said that when there is no electricity, they call or inform the MeECL supervisors and most of the time they don't get to talk to them and the most sad thing is that there is an SDO. They don't have a fully functional office so that the residents can complain or inform when the electricity supply is not available.
"“There are many cases when we think of the North East, after we have joined India.
When we saw the incident, we tried to get information from the Excise Department in Ri Bhoi and in their statement, they said that they could not catch the vehicle, because the vehicle had stopped. The vehicle disappeared after a few kilometers and no trace of the vehicle was found. Besides, the vehicle did not even have a number plate.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA Jirang said that the aim of the tournament is to attract youngsters who have talent in the field of football so that the tournament will become a success. rynsan to promote football in the area, especially to encourage the youth to avoid alcohol and drug abuse by encouraging them to use their talents properly in any field and sap which you don.
On the other hand, Bah Donwell Rongrin, Organizing Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Nongjri and Langdongdai, said that due to the deterioration of this road, the Union had to ban the passage of heavy vehicles on this road. to the street.
Looking back at the final, it was a very interesting match, because the teams that reached the final were the teams that had the best players from all over the region. in the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
When asked why she contested the mid-term elections after not getting a ticket from her son Maieid Hoping's party, Fenella said, “Maieid's foundation “I will now save the foundation of Maieid not within the HSPDP but with the people and I will continue with the voice of the people”.
Ma Tohlangsakhiat Bareh is a resident of Khimusniang, Jowai.
Shillong, July 21: The State Government this year has released T.1.80 crore for the payment of salaries of the employees of the State Meg District Housing Board.
Kharkongor said the state government cannot announce any new schemes or programs in the Budget session except for the necessary expenditure. Accessible Photo Voter Slips with Braille for blind or visually impaired voters in the state there are 4932 PwDs voters.
On the other hand, the Excise Department has urged the DC authorities to impose restrictions on all liquor shops regarding the delivery of liquor to their homes.
Shillong: U Conrad Sangma, Senior Leader of the National People's Party (NPP), today visited North and East Garo Hills, where he addressed public meetings at Rongrong Abema, Mangsang and Chibonga. On Tuesday, Conrad flew by helicopter to campaign for Agatha K Sangma, who is contesting on the NPP ticket from Tura Parliamentary constituency.
This is the conclusion of the statement sent by the President Shlur Mukhim and Assistant Secretary Kynsai M Khonglah.
The suffering of the nations of the earth.
Vice-Chairman of MREGC, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Bah Bobby L Nongbet, DSO Ri Bhoi, Samla Ferdynald, President KSU- NK HD, President, HNYF Northern Region, Sumarlang Swer, Coach, EK Lapang, Rangbah Shnong and others.
“We don't have any fear although many rumors say that some HSPDP MLAs will join other political parties.
MeECL could not agree on a bilateral sharing agreement with GEPF at the time of signing the soskular as this is an important part of the sale and purchase of electricity.
In Shillong, the power outage time has been reduced to 4 hours from 1 pm to 5 pm.
He said the PAC had explained and advised the officers on the working methods of the department.
He said Assam has got AIIMS in Guwahati.
Shillong, March 07: U Minister of Community and Rural Development (C&RD) Prestone Tynsong today said that they have not been able to appoint a full time BDO in Mawphlang Block due to the lack of funds. government lacks officers.
He said that in Tamil Nadu, which has conducted polling in all 39 constituencies, there was no incident.
“After understanding some of the symptoms, I tested myself and it was confirmed that I had corona.
He said that if the Khasi Pnar people are still being deceived by money during the elections and they are still happy to be ruled by other parties, it is better that from now on they should no longer inform the people. They don't want to be ruled by a national party or a national party.
Teams who wish to participate in the tournament can contact the General Secretary, Bah Dapmon Tariang at 8974405178, and Bah Daniel Khongsit, Sports Secretary at
The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) Shillong today opened the Inter College Football Tournament organized by the university at SAI Ground at the end of NEHU, Shillong. .
He criticized the government for its failure to cross the border from Assam into Meghalaya, so we need a strong nation that protects its rights and we will not allow it to be stolen. the words 'love yourself first and then your neighbor.
Assam DGP Bhaskar Jyoti Mahanta said that 45 persons have been arrested for stealing question papers for the Sub Inspector post examination in Assam. .
Nongtraw said that in the initial meeting, the government authorities had sent another notice to summon him, which was against the promise made by the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya not to appear. from issuing summonses or arresting our leaders and members while the talks are ongoing.
The JSU after talks with the HR and GVK officials has accepted the demand of the union to return the salaries that were cut and counted during the strike of 108 employees with the union. The MEMRIWU union has given a deadline of the 20th of this month to return all those who went to the account during the strike of the MEMRIWU union to convey their grievances to the government.
The team won the gold medal by beating Punjab 2-0 in the final match played on Tuesday at the Madras University Ground, Main and B Ground JNIS (Tamilnadu).
In comparison, government schools have a pass percentage of 85.25 students.
He requested the government and the legislators to turn to the area to resolve the problems of the people so that the road will benefit the residents.
“We have seen that the state police have provided special security to the Assam vehicles leaving the state or entering the state while the state has not provided police security to us,” he said. state.
The mock exercise will be conducted with the participation of district government officials, security departments, NDRF, SDRF, Police, Fire Department and Emergency Rescue Teams, Hospitals, Schools, Colleges, NGOs, members of the community, volunteers from various groups such as Bharat Scouts and Guides, Indian Red Cross Society, NSS, Aapda Mitra Volunteers and other other.
The deceased were identified as Ripynskhem Papeng (10) and Ardaban Papeng (2).
Shillong: Eleven MDC candidates for the 2019 MDC elections in the JHADC have filed their nomination papers today. 10 candidates have filed their nomination papers in Jowai and one in Khliehriat.
The Minister also met with the Governor.
Nongpoh, Lber 10: In honor of Women's Day on the occasion of the International Women's Day, the University of Science and Technology (USTM), Baridua Killing on the 8th U Lber has held a special celebration through various programs to pay special tribute to the Longkmie on this special day of the Longkmie.
Sohliya said as a democratic country we need the people to exercise their right to vote for the upcoming elections.
“I am sorry to hear that, because he alleged that the police wanted to kill him, if this is true why didn't you come and lodge a complaint.
AHMEDABAD: Doctors in Gujarat have warned against people going for treatment by mixing cow's milk with their own bodies. prum in the human body.
This was announced by Auguste Tano Kouame, World Bank's Country Director for India.
These actions of the State, force the tribals to pay fees to the Municipalities, force to accept Scheduled Caste Certificates as Tribal Certificates, force to register births and deaths in Municipalities and departments. , enforce NoCs for electricity, house construction and others from Urban, MUDA, Municipal.
The government's intention to operate these buses is due to the overcrowding on the roads when going to school by small vehicles using their own vehicles or rental vehicles.
When we look at the newspapers around the world, we see that everywhere we see such diseases (corruption) are spreading.
He said the Bhagidari Sankalp Morcha, a group of 10 political parties, will contest in all 403 constituencies and win 300 constituencies and form the government in the state.
Ezekiel chapter 38 tells us about Gog, Magog, king of Rosh, Meshech, and Tubal.
South Garo Hills, which tied first, scored 197 runs for the loss of six wickets in 20 overs. Dejiansua M Sangma tied for 38 runs and Magdaline M Sangma for tied 37 years.
The Hindi-speaking states are Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, Rajasthan and another newly created state, Uttarakhand.
Umphrup SC and Nongrah SC have won the Second Division Football League 2023 on Friday.
On the other hand, the Rangbah union urged the authorities in charge of the transport department especially the weighbridges to be vigilant and not to act recklessly when the trucks are overloaded.
There are also many roads that don't have a road.
Shillong, June 26: The BJP Meghalaya through its President Khlur Sing Lyngdoh and General Secretary Dipa Yan Chakravorty has sent a letter to the BJP Chief Minister Amit Shah to showcase the 7 This is the state of Meghalaya.
The inflation rate in rural areas was 2.18 per cent from 4.49 per cent in urban areas in July 2019 and then 2.19 per cent in rural areas and 4.22 per cent in urban areas in July
The loss is not only the death of people, but also the loss of the living.
The JF&EPA has submitted a petition to Prof Laloo to request him to allocate up to 16.76 lakh tyngka for the construction of road and footpath in the area.
He said that the Prime Minister has praised the leaders of the North East for their efforts in the midst of all these challenges but they are united to fight.
The closing ceremony was attended by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU Umsning Circle, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU NKHD Unit, Samla James Mawphniang, President of KSU NKHD Unit. , Bah Aibor Khongjee, one of the famous athletes of the state, other KSU leaders and many elders of Umsning area.
Another is that if the EE and CE do not cooperate, there is a misunderstanding between them,” said a statement from the leaders of the four parties.
Pakistan's bowlers, especially Haris Rauf, have lost many wickets in the home match.
So far, 3.11 crore farmers have received T.2,000 under the scheme and 2.75 crore farmers have received the second tranche, according to the government.
Nehemiah told the people that God's hand was good on him and on the words of King Artaxerxes.
With the help of residents of villages in the Amazon rain forest, the soldiers found these children who were starving and ringing tyrkhong due to lack of food.
Justice Katakey, who was appointed to investigate the illegal mining in the state, recently visited East Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills District on the 7th of this month. by the Director of Mineral Resources, representatives of the district administration and police and other government officials.
These days, if you look closely, children or schoolchildren or students have mobile phones that are more expensive than their parents, because through expensive phones they can use or do whatever they want. through the Internet.
MEPA also urged the Assam police to respect the right of journalists to move freely according to their duties to gather news.
Furthermore, the group is well-known and includes people from Assam and Meghalaya.
He relied on the knowledge of the village headmen and village officials to deliver the foodgrains to the people and urged them to look after the poor to ensure that they do not lose the foodgrains.
The inspection was led by the President of the Army Lypon in the presence of Bishar Shylla General Secretary and members of the Union from Sumer and Saipung Block. “It has been neglected by the government for more than 50 years,” said Army Lypon.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association, Commander Shangpliang, expressed his regret over the piracy of Khasi films and called for cooperation to curb the piracy. .
“The BJP has two wings, one to shut the nation from Delhi, Gujarat and UP. their.
However, you may not be able to participate in the Saja Paidbah festival.
Nongpoh, Nailur 11 : A young woman was abducted by an Auto Rickshaw driver in Nongpoh on Sunday. from any accident caused by the malicious intent of the auto driver and his two friends.
If the Dorbar Shnongs turn away from politics, they lose the trust of the people.
The District Magistrate has also sent a copy of the order to the Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills. District, by ordering to set up a check gate at Mawryngkneng Road to enter the Shillong Bye-pass and at Mawiong Village to check the movement of vehicles.
According to information received from the residents of the area, the union said that this flooding of trucks which led to the traffic jam is due to the transportation of coal, and from the government authorities especially The police department has not taken any measures to curb the movement of these vehicles although they have happened in the area where they are.
Dorothy is the daughter of Dr. Iwbih Nylla Tariang and journalist Dr. Anirban Roy who lives in Mynthong, Jowai.
Shillong: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) has failed to pay a debt of Rs 620 crore to the Meghalaya government.
It means that Jesus ascended to heaven in a cloud.
He said that the NTC and UTD leaders have expressed their concern over the delay of the NHAI in meeting the needs of the people in Nongpoh and Umsning. At present, there are still many works that NHAI needs to do and improve in Umsning and Nongpoh.
War Jaintia MLA and Minister of Education Ma Lahkmen Rymbui was the chief guest.
In the U-14 category, Dapboklang Giri Mem UPS beat Assembly of God SS 3-0 Rilyngngam SS beat United National SS 3-1 and BM Pres SS beat New Nongstoin SS 2-0 you Sib Lion Mem.
Arsenal, on the other hand, will host the second leg at home after continuing their group lead since the start of the tournament. Manchester United will host Real Betis at Old Trafford.
NPP, TMC, BJPWhy do you all have your card but you don't get the card of the money announced?
These days are the days of struggle for glory.
There has been a lot of opposition from those who own hotels.
He said that as it is, they have already expressed to the committee that a new Office Memorandum should be brought as soon as possible so that the appointment will work from now on and not according to the Office Memorandum issued in dated January 10, 2022 in force since 1972.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Vincent Pala expressed his gratitude to the management of the school for taking this initiative to hold such events which are part of the education through the exhibition. They have the skills that they have as students.
They should remember that whether it is the BJP, NPP or UDP, they should not be clean because they have a joint responsibility to be in the MDA government,” said Pala.
It is learned that at the time of the Pyrthad bomb, there were two children in these houses, but fortunately these children escaped from being tied by the Pyrthad and were not injured.
Recently, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, has criticized the CEM of KHADC for not issuing NOC for the construction of the Mawthabah-Wahkaji road.
On October 19, the students of the college under the banner of KNGCSU sent a letter to the Ministry of Education and the Minister of Education to provide all the requirements of the college including teachers and gave them 10 months.
It also helps to manage, guide and promote the nursing profession and explains to nurse administrators and supervisors how to support and provide care according to priority needs.
What is more sad and shocking to see is the misuse of power by the government just to protect illegal activities in public administration.
She said that there are areas especially in Pynursla where thousands of trucks are parked at the same time, and these trucks are intended to transport stone and shyiap to Bangladesh, and perhaps not. there is not a single truck that follows the rules.
During the meeting, the Deputy CEM assured the Union leaders that the EC of JHADC has already discussed this issue since the last few months and the EC has decided to At the same time, he said that it is the responsibility of the Law Department of JHADC to implement this as demanded by the JSU. syrnot and once approved by the Law Department, the issuance of this syrnot by the Council will come into force.
Shillong, July 17: An unidentified man has been shot dead by the residents of Maw myrsiang, Sohra Police Station, on suspicion of Menshohnoh.
Shillong: Officers of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) and the Hima Mylliem, today inspected and surveyed the land in Iewmawlong area. and men left their residence with placards to protest against the government's plan to relocate them to another place from where they are now.
This is why many people do not have access to medical check up.
This time, we will really see how clever people really are to elect and pervert the rule of law in our state.
Looking at the current state of governance, it is very important for the youth to come forward to carry the burden of governance, but the most important thing they have to do is to Avoid the love of money, the covetousness, the covetousness, and the covetousness.
The NPP has been very vocal on this ground before and during the elections.
" he said to the Father.
Speaking on the occasion, the Principal of the school said that the pass rate this year is 100% HSSLC and 85% in SSLC. , to the teachers who have dedicated their body and soul even in a small amount of money, he encouraged the students to work hard to pass well and move forward, especially in this era of struggle.
From this day onwards, every evening there will be a Ksing playing and dance training for children, young men and women at the Seng Khasi Hall, which will continue until the evening of the 7th. 10th June, 10 days before the Shad Nohkjat on 8th June,
Shillong: The State Government through the Urban Development Department is ready to call a tender for the sale of about 50 damaged SPTS buses.
Regarding the incident, the Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that on receiving information about the incident, fire engines were immediately sent to the scene and managed to extinguish the fire before it spread. this area.
AIS SujaU John, on the island of Patmos, who was crucified, saw by a vision of God that it was the last time or the last generation.
On the other hand, Mrinmoy Sangma, who came to lead the Piramal Foundation, sought the support of the village leaders, government offices and officers to make the program a success as planned.
Shillong, June 12: The State Government is ready to implement the Affordable Housing Scheme (AHS) which will be implemented this year.
Barla said the Central Government and the State Government need to work together for the development of the people in the state.
The Association of Cow Farmers said that the reason for the decision is due to the lack of cows from Bihar, UP and other states at the Khanapara cow market. The cow farmers have to rely only on the cows from Assam, which is too expensive.
In India, the three states of Telangana, Punjab and Delhi will not impose a curfew, according to the Indian government.
Jeremiah 16:5–6.
GOC of 101 Area, Lt. Gen. SP Nawathe and AOC-in-C of Eastern Air Command, Air Marshal SB Deo also spoke on the occasion.
In Manipur, he held various portfolios including Food and Civil Supplies, Vigilance, Taxes, Industries, Excise, Youth Affairs and Sports, Agriculture, Urban Development and others.
If the Khasi language gets recognition under Article 5 of the Constitution, it is because there are such leaders in the Legislative Assembly and the society or the State will develop if we elect people. who understand what art is, what poetry is and who know history, not corrupt and selfish people.
" said Kmie.
Boris Johnson took over after the resignation of former British Prime Minister Theresa May.
In fact, here in the Khasi society, there have been many Sengbhalang who have expressed their concern from time to time about the decline in morality and dignity in these areas. that day.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong today laid the foundation stone for the construction of three roads in Shillong.
All city offices, schools, banks, government courts and others will be closed on this day to mark the birthday of Ri-Bhoi district.
Each team had to draw snaps of the tournament from their respective states and the winners from Meghalaya were Ericson Majaw, Ferrando Mawrie, Shidalin Chyrmang and Fasterfield Ryntathiang.
The chief speakers at the commemoration, including Kong Roshan Warjri, Bah DD Lapang, Bah BM Lanong and Bah Martle N Mukhim said that Bah Bring was a brave man, fearless and clean.
At 1:00 pm, the Shillong Press Club held a memorial service for Kenny as one of the members who dedicated his body and soul for the work of disseminating news to the people. state.
Praising the residents who welcomed the Mahotsav to commemorate the 75th Independence Day of India, Modi said, “One such incident happened in Meghalaya this month. .
He said that the state government will not take stingy on this issue which has wasted the money of the people.
According to the government, bus conductors must always provide slips while boarding buses and if they do not provide slips they will be punished.
The salary of the CEM has been increased from T.54,000 to T.1.54 lakh per month under the Bill along with other benefits such as housing allowance, medical allowance and others. T.1.39 lakh and other income.
As an encouragement and support, the Seng has donated as much as possible to this family and at the same time the Seng has requested the relevant authorities especially the Block Development Officer (BDO) , to the individuals who have goodwill to join hands to support this family at this time of tragedy.
There are 60 constituencies in Meghalaya.
It is true that they have joined the NPP. Paul Lyngdoh of the UDP said that he has been studying in English instead of listening to a language he does not understand.
He further said that bringing in stories from across the North East was really difficult due to the lack of documentation of many incidents.
Shillong: The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) intended to change the existing traffic route from Civil Hospital Point going towards Anjalee Petrol Pump in National Highway 40 on trial basis w.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Pradip Chullet said that your duty as security guards when you are on duty is not to protect the land but to protect the lives of people. happiness in society.
St. Anthony's College led by Richard Dkhar and Roger Vincent Kharbamon, St. Edmunds College led by Juhiwanki Pala and Kumam Shane Paswett and the third State Institute of Arts & Crafts. Culture led by Kharsohnoh and Kyrshanlang Lyngdoh.
Another suspect is Rashidur Mandal, who is also an assistant of Noor Alam and who bought the Bolero pickup. steal.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Rimaya S Manner on Tuesday launched the website of St. Mary Mazzarello Girls Higher Secondary School.
Shillong: Meghalaya scored 264 runs for the loss of nine wickets in the first day of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy at the MCA Ground Polo today. wicket.
“It will not affect the Congress in the upcoming elections,” he said.
On the other hand, the Congress leader demanded that the Chief Minister should respond immediately to these allegations made by the Congress party against the government.
The National Pharmaceutical Pricing Authority (NPPA) has recently said that the price of medicines used in four hospitals in Delhi has risen to 1,192 per cent.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 23, including 4 civilians in East Khasi Hills, 16 civilians in Ribhoi District and 2 soldiers in the same district.
Referring to the performance of the MDA-2 government in the last 11 months, Saleng said, “Let the people judge the performance of the MDA government. They have promised to employ 5 lakh people and many more.
When the council approved, the British were allowed to build the road through a treaty with David Scott in
For example, he said that this training has a link with SHGs which are engaged in many activities especially agriculture.
These roads have been deteriorated throughout the country and have been filled with debris which has caused traffic jams from time to time due to the turning and deterioration of vehicles on the affected roads. A small vehicle that has caused trouble to the people especially the sick.
The Chief Minister said the state government has sent letters for the contribution of Ministers, MLAs, central and state government employees, corporators of Aizawl Municipal Council and bank employees. from the month that was passed.
In a statement, the Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “I am pleased to announce that we have strengthened the Child Helpline Service (1098) 'by allocating 14 new posts to help improve the working methods.
Philip Burlton and his troops managed to flee to Sohra from the forest road by running and avoiding the spears of the soldiers, but unfortunately it rained suddenly and the rain fell. Philip Burlton and the soldiers cleaned and cleaned the guns and bullets until the guns were no longer needed.
In the derby match between Mawlai and Ryntih, Ryntih FC scored the first goal in the 4th minute through Ebormi Buam.
“The union will monitor the construction of government buildings in the area to ensure that they are satisfied and if it is found that the construction of the buildings is not satisfactory, the union has to take other measures,” said Education Secretary L. .Kardewsaw.
After the storytelling, these different villages came out to dance with joy to greet the New Year and welcome the New Year 2023 who prepared their own songs to go around the villages and to go. The Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society (JTES) has performed at Iawmusiang at a venue prepared by the JTES.
From the NREGA Scheme with the assistance of the Block Development Officer Laskein Block T.23,65,917/-, from Soil they have received T.4 lakh as Revolving Fund and under the Agriculture Development Officer they have received rice seeds. The Bank has received T.8,50,000/-.
Regarding this issue, the Minister was informed that she will take measures to ensure that the price of agricultural products should not be affected by the traders.
“The Prime Minister has said that he will consider in the next few days to release our salary,” said MLCCLEU President Bah S Wahlang. The head of the state.
The brother of Santosh said that the robbers stole the truck along with the coal shitrok which the truck was carrying.
She said the government has appointed a new Nursing Committee which does not include the Principal and Vice Principal of the Government Nursing School, the Matron and the Assistant Matron.
“We don't have any objection if the roster is extended because if it is extended it is the fact that young people may reach the age where they can no longer apply for government jobs and we trust the government for this and we don't. there must be too much of a negative spirit," he said.
The Publicity Secretary of MSSASA East Khasi Hills, Bah S Lyngdoh, said that after meeting with the Minister of Education, the government has invited the leaders to hold a meeting on the 19th of March. .
The Mission will endeavor to convert Anganwadi Centers into ECD Centers so that they can provide full support to children, including the provision of nutrition, educational assistance for their development. fully, that they may have a strong mind and know what they should do in relation to others and in relation to their feelings, and how they can know about what needs that they can do well in school and in life.
They have a good Riti.
However, the government has not yet released the report of the investigation.
These complaints should be sent to this office on or before
Before the start of the rally, Conrad, Bah Gigur and hundreds of NPP supporters took part in the rally from Shallang Market to Shallang Market. public meetings are held.
“We invite government employees to join the HNLC, without having to resign but only as part time employees,” said the statement.
Furthermore, a bus carrying CRPF policemen was stoned while passing through the highway in front of the Civil Hospital. The CRPF personnel who were on board the bus fled the scene.
In Badminton, Mebanker Shullai (mixed team) won Bronze and Gregoreo Passah Bronze.
He said the government has set a target to provide electricity to 1,30,000 households within a year.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 03: The lack of network companies in Mawkyrwat area has been a source of concern to many people in Mawkyrwat area. rely on and use the Internet for business, office work and even for pet shopping through mobile phones such as online shopping and other purposes.
The SP requested anyone who has seen or received information about Kong Lucy Rongrin to inform the nearest Police Station.
Shillong: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) on Friday invited all the residents of Amlarem Sub-Division to attend a protest to demand the amendment of the Meghalaya State Reservation Policy.
In the second leg, Newhill beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-1. Thaura Nampui (40+1 min) and Dawanlang Laloo (41 min) scored the goals for Newhill. Slim Marboh scored the third goal for Mookaswan in the 69th minute.
The new cases include EGH: 09 (Others), EJH: 64 (Others), EKH: 574 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –06, Others–568), NGH: 19 (Others), RBD : 28 (Others), SGH: 20 (Others) SWGH: 41 (Others), SWKH: 10,  WGH: 56 (Others), WJH: 54 (Others) and WKH: 31 (Others).
Shembor Langrin President of the union, said that during the inspection, they found that the shortcomings were due to the lack of employees, the lack of attention of the employees who already exist.
And to know that the Last Day has begun, is only when the Israelites build their Third Temple on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem.
The work of Phase-III worth T.193.50 crore has been divided into two phases: The first phase includes Survey, Engineering, Design and implementation of two Pumping Systems, Water Treatment Plant, Laying of Clear Water Gravity Main and Feeder Main Pipeline, to construct Clear Water Pumping System and Clear Water Reservoirs and to construct Zonal Reservoirs.
The proposal from Qatari officials is to buy the entire club for 100%.
Qualapaty opened the scoring in the 50th minute through Edilbert Rapsang.
These public documents mentioning the schemes include SSA, MGNREGA and other projects implemented by the State Government.
At the meeting, Lapang presented a report on the mid-term elections in Chokpot in which Bluebell R Sangma won from the Congress party.
He criticized the BJP for introducing the Bill, saying it has shown its disregard for the people of the North East.
The source said that the continuous police raids on the KSU have shocked many families and angered the women in Ri-Bhoi area. task.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Unit today sent a petition to the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui demanding that the government should not allow the Conduct Online Examinations in the State.
The Fertilizer Employees Co-operative Society of Meghalaya has provided food and shelter to the 77 employees of Meghalaya. The government has decided to shoot dead as soon as it sees these people who are protesting in the state.
For the development and assistance of the youth, the Football Ground at Kynshi Pyllun worth 77 lakh, Kynshi Bangla worth 76 lakh, Basketball Court at St. Joseph School worth 13 lakh, St. Dominic School Kynshi worth 13 lakh, Seven Brothers School 13 lakh. Umkrem Football Ground 11 lakh, Light Football Ground 5 lakh.
About three percent of the processed and cleaned dai (more than 1.45 lakh MT) has now been submitted to the State Governments and UTs. States and UTs including Andhra Pradesh, Assam, Chhattisgarh, Delhi, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Maharashtra, Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh, Andamans, Chandigarh, Odisha, Punjab, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Tamil Nadu and Telangana have already started distributing.
Adviser- PS Lyngdoh In addition, these members were elected as EC members to discuss and agree on urgent matters.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W.Nongsiej, spoke on the history of Phan Nonglait's life and the great deeds of Phan Nonglait. it acted in the freedom struggle against the British government.
Coal India Limited has sought a reply from the Meghalaya government on the issue of 32 lakh MT of coal that has not been mined and this reply will have to be sent to the Meghalaya government.
So far, the school has increased in enrollment every year, and there are 2 government teachers, 4 SSA teachers and 2 self-paid teachers. village, and due to the shortage of teachers, even the teachers have to help the teachers to teach at the school.
The HSPDP candidate from Sohiong said, “HDR has held the post of MLA and at the same time as an MDC, when he was in KHADC he passed the “The Village Administration Bill, but the same person who is also in charge of the DCA department of the government, when he came to the Secretariat, he passed the ordinance,” said Samlin.
If others have the opportunity to climb arted, they don't like to eat or drink.
• To prevent the conversion of Hindus to Christianity/Muslim.
He said that if the arrangement of the Langpih sector is not according to the wishes of the residents, the Prime Minister and his government will have to take responsibility if there is any conflict or riots, which could lead to the limit of destruction of peace and stability of the population in the entire area.
Because they could not bring anything from their villages, many of them died of starvation and various diseases such as tuberculosis, tuberculosis, malaria, TB, Jyrhohksew, Malaria, anemia, leprosy and others.
The chemicals contained in these plastics when thrown away, enter the soil and affect the purity of the water underground and endanger living things when they drink the water.
Justice T.Vaiphei submitted the report to the Government on 20th June after a six-month investigation and 20 hearings.
Monjurlang Pohlong, Sub-Inspector Statistics Wapung C&RD Block, urged the students to be disciplined in their lives and to know how to manage their time so that they can succeed in life.
In recent years, many parties have preferred to nominate high level office bearers instead of allowing party office bearers and supporters from the units or villages. polling stations to participate in the election of candidates in different constituencies.
However, in 2018, after the announcement of the results, the BJP came from Assam to form a government.
Shillong, October 4: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Kynshi Circle has demanded that the government should not demolish the Residential School in Mawlangren.
War Jaintia has four candidates.
The competition was held at Weiking Stadium and was opened by the Principal of the college, Bah WB Rynjah in the presence of the teachers of the college. college, teachers from the schools who came to participate in the competition and students.
A wreath laying ceremony and a moment of silence was held.
There was only one group that received a total of 14 people.
The Meghalaya State Fish Farmer Development Agency (PLDA) is looking for up to 9 Program Managers who must have completed a Post Graduate Degree in Fisheries.
The Shillong Premier League team has shown its skills at the start of the tournament by beating Lumdiengngan 10-0 in Group-C (Mawkyrwat zone).
He said that this has affected the number of visitors to the area who come to the area about 300 times a day.
At present, there are areas in Shillong which are outside the jurisdiction of the Hima Mylliem.
Of these 74 cases, 40 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from West Khasi Hills, 12 cases from West Garo Hills, 15 cases from East Garo Hills, 1 case from North Garo Hills and 2 cases from South Garo Hills.
Part of his body was reportedly destroyed and he was last seen on 18th May.
Damehipaia left home at 8:00 am with a vehicle number ML04 D 2009 and his mobile phone was switched off.
The Secretary, NEC, K. Moses Chalai, IAS today inaugurated the project titled 'Digital Design Labs for Livelihood Generation' at Don Bosco Technical School, Shillong.
Primrose Lamat scored the goals for Mukhla FC in the 20th minute and Remark Kharmalki in the 59th minute.
In the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the state government has launched the Meghalaya Health Systems Strengthening Project funded by the World Bank to spend about Rs 350 crore over the next five years to upgrade health facilities in the state. state.
On Monday, WJH will face Shillong Cricket Association in Group B while South Garo Hills DCA will face North Garo Hills DCA in Zone
At the same time, Ma Sniawbha said that as the Minister of Transport, he has taken the initiative to talk to the Central Government to allocate funds for the construction of the 8 lane road from Khanapara to Byrnihat and the 4-lane road from Umroi. to Ri-lum Jaintia to improve the traffic and avoid traffic jam.
For the post of Education Secretary, the candidates are Nangrikupar Malngiang, Richardson Malngiang and Pynkmenlang Samiet.
The attack was claimed by ISIS. The attack was the worst incident in the country since the massive bombing on 11 November happened in the United States.
Do Khasi Christians follow the Khasi religion? When it comes to such persecution as Christians are persecuted in some parts of the country, it is not appropriate to compare.
Sreenidi Deccan FC have lost only to Aizawl FC in the recent match and are now in third place with six points from three games.
It is often found that in fish ponds or rice fields near the mountains, the fish take time to grow and the rice cannot grow stunted.
The crops grown in these villages include synsar, shynrai, sying, sohphan, rice and other crops.
Two years later, on April 17, 1786, a group from the Shillong Hima was welcomed by Bar Phukan at Bharalumukh, Assam (Bareh, 1967).
JOWAI: The Jowai Elaka Dorbar has elected the new office bearers of the Jowai Elaka Dorbar for the term 201-9-20 at a meeting held at Dulong, Jowai on Monday. the Dolloi of Jowai District is the Puramon.
“The funds for these equipment have been allocated from the 13th Finance Commission,” he said.
The victim was short, wearing a blue shirt, blue pants and red slippers.
The fourth robber was arrested on Saturday, a 19-year-old man, and the seventh was arrested and imprisoned.
Therefore, this will also be an opportunity for the Khasi youth who are now many intelligent and proficient and who are ready to fight even if they are not skilled.
On the occasion of the centenary of Mahatma Gandhi's birthday, the Government of India is now preparing to issue a 10 tyngka coin with the image of Gandhi.
The UDP, even if it wins, will not be able to create anything except to lead the opposition, that is, as the 'Leader of the opposition' The MDA 2.0 Government could reach 46 MLAs if the NPP wins. , as you have hoped, will be the Sohiong Assembly Constituency.
He said that it is useless to grow if we lose our land.
West Bengal's revenue for 2022-23 is expected to increase to Rs 5.86 lakh crore from Rs 5.28 lakh crore as on 31st October
Sanbor Shullai, in a meeting with reporters at the MLA Hostel, said that the officers of the health department along with others did not escape when the members of the committee asked questions on the issue. MHIS is not available in this state.
Until now, we have received promises of peace, cooperation and cooperation from the Government but the summons today as it appeared in the media is unacceptable. .
