He said the purpose of the inspection was to inspect the areas and especially to ensure that peace will return among the people living in these areas.
In addition, Pa'iem Syiemlieh said that Tirot Singh was the shiphew Syiem of the Nongkhlaw Hima and after Tirot Singh, those who became Syiems from the Kur Syiemlieh were Rijon Singh and now to Pa'iem Phrestar. Syiemlieh and he is like a child king.
Shillong, November 21: The Khasi Jaintia Welfare Association (KJWA), Shillong has launched a book entitled “The Work of Fishing in Nongwar Village” on the 19th of this month at the VEC. Hall at Nongwar in the presence of members of the Seng, Rangbah Shnong and residents of Nongwar.
The journey between Shillong and Jirang, via Lai Lad-New Testu-Madan Nongladew, has also taken less than three hours.
He will continue to hold the post of Minister of Commerce, Industry and Transport.
Hek said that although the BJP has not won in Mizoram and Talangana, it has not worked hard to win the MP elections. It is up to the BJP leaders who will be given the ticket to contest the two MP seats from Meghalaya.
In addition, the Chief Minister's Office has also implemented many schemes to empower the youth in the right direction.
He said that the PCI would like to congratulate and congratulate the Management of the Hospital for their hard work in bringing about this happy day and providing for these needs of the Hospital. for providing better services to the patients.
If we turn separately, to the question of how to live? God also put the earth to produce all the food for His living creatures. This is why we also call Mother Nature because she is like a Mother for us all.
The East Khasi Hills District Police have also set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) headed by Superintendent of Police (City) Bah Vivek Syiem and Dy.SP (Crime) to conduct a thorough investigation into the incident. this happened.
This visit to these remote villages is also a way to raise awareness among the people about cricket.
“It is to be recalled that on 16th November 2021 and 8th November 2022, we have already submitted a memorandum to the CBI and ED agencies to investigate. you are corrupt.
The Pharmacist in-charge has informed the relevant authorities regarding the disposal of damaged medicines which will start from July 29, 2023, the statement said.
He said that the first reason for his defeat in the last election was money. “I myself don't have money, those who support me also spend themselves, that's why others take advantage. by the power of money," he said.
Shillong: The State Government has arranged for the flag raising ceremony on the occasion of the Republic Day on the 26th of this month.
At such times we all need to understand each other.
Both the players escaped for the loss of wickets after the Meghalaya players missed several catches.
More than 200 wrestlers from all over the districts including East Khasi Hills, Ribhoi, West Khasi Hills, Garo Hills and Jaintia Hills districts came to compete.
“We the 14 parties feel that we don't need this person to be the head of the election department in our state and we expect that the authorities and the state government will we don't want this same person to continue serving in this position and we want to have a local person who understands the problems, the burden of the jaidbynriew and the state as a whole,” said the statement.
Speaking on the incident, a police officer said that police have not yet been able to say whether the incident was caused by foreigners or others.
Mawsynram, March 11: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the four political parties of Sawsymper, KSU, FKJGP, HYC and HUAM today visited Mawsynram Police Station. , East Khasi Hills District after lodging a complaint with the Syiem of Maharam Hima.
The Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, said that he is pleased to announce that the Minister of Sports has approved the construction of another artificial turf ground in East Jaintia Hills District.
When asked whether anyone has come to apply for the Congress ticket, the Congress leader in Umroi said that as of now, there is a government officer who has tried to apply for the Congress ticket, but Stanliwiss Rymbai, former Umroi MLA, has planned to apply for the ticket, but it is still in talks, has not been confirmed.
Wandame Pahwa scored the first goal for Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 27th minute.
In China, there were 99 new cases as of 11th June 2020, an increase from yesterday, the highest increase in a month.
The fire broke out at 1.30 pm on Tuesday night, when all the occupants of the house were asleep.
" The most knowledgeable of them turned.
Money is given to Kharkaia and Dkhar companies as you have appointed a finance adviser to Dkhar to clean up the money.
The first match will be played between Nongkwar Presbyterian and Christ Church (Sunday School).
At present, there are signs that the government has started to build the temporary Entry Point and it is not known how far the government will be able to complete and start the implementation of the Entry Point. This place will investigate people entering the state.
In 2015, Bhagwant Mann and Inderpreet Kaur divorced by mutual agreement.
The team's bowling ended in the 23rd over for 87 runs and lost all the batsmen.
He did not stop those who went to ‘wake him up’ to protest.
When will those seeds arrive that can resist the nutrition of other natural forces, such as water shortages and soil erosion?
“Because of this increase in the price of fuel, it has created problems because the owner's fee cannot be issued, besides having to fill up the vehicles every day to earn money and besides the government is running odd numbers and Even, you can't earn every day, besides the fare, it doesn't match the price of fuel,” said the drivers.
The future of society is now in the grip of individualism in society.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Renikton expressed his satisfaction to see the victory despite his small efforts, but on this day it has been opened to the public.
We call him a good Samaritan," said one of the residents.
They handed over their resignation letters to Sarbananda Sonowal, Chief Minister.
Speaking further, she said that after the meeting convened by the Chief Minister, she said that there are ASHAs who receive a salary of T.5000 to T.7000.
Sherwood School, Tura, West Garo Hills on Thursday announced the first position in the SSLC results announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
This organization is fighting for the birth of the father, not just the mother.
When you get promoted, your salary increases with it.
In another programme, Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai Constituency was the chief guest, while Dolloi Jowai District Ma Puramon was the chief guest. Kynjing was the chief guest.
But it is a privilege to know that if necessary we can try what is good for life and especially for our precious soul.
Sanjay said tourism is one of the sources of employment and employment opportunities for the youth as a huge industry.
“However, in June this year, some members of the party came to ask me for money for urgent works and it was at that time that I remembered that Kong Susan had taken money from me. “I urge you to pay the debt as soon as possible,” said Bah Lamphrang.
When contacted by many of the Nongsharai Balang in West Khasi Hills District, they said that they cannot deny the fact that premature marriage is rampant in these days especially in the village.
Even to use sound systems for election campaigning, permission must be obtained from the office of the District Election Officer.
“For Kong Suchiang, it is also a good job to hold the post of CMD of MeECL as she has already held many positions in various departments and the government will look into this. The government can look for more people to fill the post of chairperson.
She understood that those who oppose, the law will not forgive at all because the people should celebrate this time with a pure heart.
In a phone conversation with the rebels, he said that they felt like they had lost their way because the driver of their vehicle said that this is not the right road to take but later he said that they had lost their way. used a GPS and found the right direction because they recognized the presence of a river.
We don't think that even the BSF personnel who have the responsibility to exercise their powers according to the law would commit such crimes.
According to him, the BJP should have contested but it depends on the decision of the party from the party and they have to obey even though he supported Fenela L Nonglait to contest the MP election. the dep.
They include three TMC candidates, Mukul Sangma (Songsak), Miani D Shira (Ampati) and Charles Pyngrope (Nongthymmai); Jimmy D Sangma (Tikrikilla) and Marthon J Marthon (Mendipathar) who were earlier among the 12 candidates who joined the TMC but later joined the NPP, Ampareen Lyngdoh (East Shillong) and Mayralborn Syiem (Nongpoh), who are two of the four Congress MLAs who have been suspended and who have joined the NPP and UDP. He said that the turnout in this area is lower than in Khasi and Jaintia Hills because in Garo there are fewer parties to be elected by the people, unlike in Khasi Jaintia where there are many ethnic parties.
Chairman of JHADC Dr. Sankey Shangpung has continued to distribute electricity and generators under the SAG scheme for the years 2019-20 and 2020-21 in Bataw Lakadong constituency. Chairman of JHADC himself visited Borghat village to donate chairs and generator to Borghat Presbyterian Church.
These words.
The JNC Sumer Circle has re-elected Bah Sakilan Chyrmang as the President of the Circle for the term 2024-2
Speaking to reporters, KSU President Ferdynald Kharkamni and Lester Nongbet said that the KSU will not stand idly by. He said that the government officials in the state may have been involved in this matter, because if not, how can the foreign company be willing to import these equipment, which are not necessary, which are not worthy and which are not required? which can spoil quickly.
The commission, through Bah Aldous Mawlong, Secretary MHRC, has sent a petition to the Government of Meghalaya, on 31st March 2018, to provide accurate information within 60 days.
He expressed the hope that the faithful will come to the temple for prayers.
Now that Hindi has to be taught up to Class X, it will put a lot of pressure on the students.
More than 4.87 crore SC students have received assistance from the Central Government amounting to Rs 29828.80 crore since 2014-1
The number of troops has increased in Depayin and this has frightened the people, who had to flee to the forest, from the information, the attack by the troops. board.
In another Group-B match, Lumparing Sports Club beat Maw U-tieng Sports Club 2-0
Shillong, Nailur 17: The National Career Service Center for the Differently Abled, Shillong will start training in computer application and repair of electrical appliances and other household appliances.
The VAB has caused a stir after the ruling PDF in KHADC amended Section VIII and Section XVI of Section 5 according to the directive of the state government. The PDF has demanded that the Governor should not accept the rules but should revise the rules passed by the PDF. Other political parties such as the KSU have demanded that the rules should be revised. The VAB has been passed into law after the Meghalaya High Court has suspended the powers of Rangbah Shnong from November 10,
These are some of the most famous songs of U Tymmen Basan who passed away at the age of
Regarding the amendment of the Reservation Roster: The new Office Memorandum has been amended from the OM of 10th June
In North Garo Hills, 21 cases, in Ri Bhoi, 36 cases, in Erpakon cluster 3, Mawlong Nongtluh cluster 5, Mawtnum cluster 3, Umsaitsning cluster 3; In South Garo Hills, 15 cases, in South West Khasi Hills, 58 cases, in Domjyrti cluster 3, Khongjoy cluster 8, Mawlangwir cluster 3, Mawten cluster 20, Nongsynrieh cluster 11 and Sohma cluster 5 cases. .
How did you see the picture of Bahnah standing near your bed?
On the demand that 36 villages in Block-I should fall under Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that at this meeting there was no explanation on how many villages. places will begin and the counting will be released at the meeting to be held again.
This comes after the Khliehmyntriang beat Moopynien SWO 5-1 in a match played at the Plastic Ground in Diengshynrum, East Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
Guwahati: Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today addressed Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga on the need to cool down the tensions between the two states. on the border of Lailapur in Cachar district.
This shows the sympathy of the respondent towards the Garo people.
After we can no longer tolerate this exploitation of the rich, we will not refuse to come out and hold this morning,” said Bah Dohtdong.
Suriti Ray was named Man of the Match by SCA (A).
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HNYF Northern Region, Bah Marcus Marten, said that the HNYF does not want the Meghalaya government to participate in the second phase of the border settlement. Many of the people of Meghalaya have strongly opposed the signing of the MOU because even the land of Meghalaya has been transferred to Assam which the people do not have. knowledge at all.
This is wrong and unacceptable because the Pnars have lived in these areas and villages for hundreds of years before the KAADC which was established only in up.
At the same time, the Pastor admonished and encouraged these youths with the Word of God.
On the part of the school authorities, they thanked Bah Banteidor for his cooperation from time to time in their needs.
The powers of the committee are to function in accordance with Rules 10 and 11 of the Search Committee. The Commissioner and Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Political Department, 2014, said in a statement.
If this happens, I don't know whether we will be able to ban non-tribals from voting in the ADC elections.
The Mawkyrwat MDC also expressed his surprise to inform that there has been a land purchased by the KHADC since 2014 where the sales deeds and documents have been signed between the KHADC. and the land owners, and the village authorities whom the KHADC has not yet owned.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today decided to impose a fine of T.500/- due to the rapid increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the state. , if residents of the state are found to be in violation of the health department regulation.
Passah said the CMD has confirmed that those who pass the examination will be extended for three months and 233 jugali will be issued appointment letters in Phase II and 233 in Phase II. “However, we will not stop the protest and will continue until we receive a written statement,” said Bah Passah.
We always have a way and a way to reach the people.
Mawrie discussed the issue in a video conference with BJP President JP Nadda, who was talking to BJP leaders in the state today.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today said that the building of the Meghalaya State Secretariat and the Additional Secretariat will be cleaned and disinfected within two days. The Government has decided to ban the public from visiting these offices from 7th November 2020 to 11th November
He also called on the Dorbar Shnongs to cooperate with the health departments to ensure the provision of proper medicines to prevent various diseases.
Similarly, when we see others rising in income, often bad slander is used to mislead others into not cooperating in any way with such people.
The Committee also suggested to consider the issue of the tax demanded by the three coke factories, which have not yet responded to the demand notice or paid the money.
The union said that it will meet the DC of East Khasi Hills District to impose strict rules on the posting of these posters which affect the society.
Arbandelness scored two goals in the 10th and 70th minutes and Phermanbha Lyngkhoi scored the seventh goal in the 58th minute.
“We have directed the relevant department to send its proposal for the budget,” said Zenith.
The delay in announcing the results for the children in class KG has caused great distress and confusion to the parents.
Reachingson Kongwang, president and founder of the club said that this is the first time that Darrang village has been able to celebrate this special day of love by holding this program near the Umngot River.
“If he had worn the sarong, I wouldn't have trusted him either,” said the father. “You are the father of a young man or a young woman who thinks carefully about the future should be like Peter.
With the opportunity to attract domestic and foreign tourists along with the ongoing efforts to revive the special places, India's ancient heritage will continue to shine in the world.
This is the best time for those who don't laugh to focus on the good things that are beneficial, hopeful, happy and that can make you laugh to get health, full benefits and longevity. .
The opening ceremony was conducted by Bah Dominic K. Lanong while Vice Chairman of the Parish Council Bah Dominic Sawkmie gave a brief history of the foundation of the Parish.
Shillong: Ardent Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People (VPP), today said that he will start a hunger strike in front of the Secretariat from the 23rd of this month to protest against injustice. and the government's lack of proper explanation of the reservation policy and roster system.
“Listen carefully to the teachers' explanations and work hard,” said Miss in a soft voice that affected Gavin's explanations.
He said that the party in collaboration with the leadership team to oppose the border fencing up to 150 yards which affects not only the people of the state but also the country as a whole.
Those who are involved in the incident should immediately inform the nearest police station so that it will be easier for the police to arrest the thieves.
On this issue, I am pleased to say that the government has only looked after the places of worship. affecting the Bible more than people in the marketplace affect money to goods? In the marketplace, the same clothes and the same items, how many dozens of people touch them when they ask for prices and look at them? Do they touch them with handkerchiefs as directed by the religious leaders? Remember, government, that in places of worship, those who hold the same Bible, even if there are too many, should not exceed 4 or
The MLA also encouraged all those who attended the program to work hard and focus on the small things first and gave an example through his work as an entrepreneur.
Understanding the need to include the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra, visionary leaders like RS Lyngdoh and others have worked hard since 1973, a year after receiving their own. the State.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Mawshabuit today demanded that the authorities of East Khasi Hills District should immediately remove the 58 Gorkha Training Centres. The nar gate has disrupted the traffic of the residents of Mawshabuit who have to come and go from the road which has to enter through the barracks every day. There was a stir and riots on the first day of the 12th June 2021 after the people protested against the alleged violence of these soldiers who erected a fence in the middle of the road.
Voque Editor-in-Chief Anna Wintour has not invited Kim or members of the Kardashian family to the 2023 Met Gala. its planned to reduce the number of participants this year.
Speeches were also delivered by the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang, Chief Electoral Officer of Meghalaya, Dr DBR Tiwari, leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) and United Democratic Party and other songs to entertain the people.
“Now the price of biscuits is T.25/- per kilo.
“People from War Jaintia who went to the market to buy beverages for daily necessities were harassed and stopped halfway by the BSF. The most sad thing is that the soldiers have dropped off the goods besides the vehicle just to search and this has caused a lot of trouble and anger to the people who have to face these harassment by the soldiers. hours in the middle of the road," the union leader said.
In Shillong, the election of 15 constituencies in East Khasi Hills will be held at JN Sports Complex, Polo.
It is also a prayer and supplication that God will guide, care for, help and protect us in the struggle for the new world.
During the night patrol through the Amlarem-Muktapur road, the union was able to seize the trucks carrying the cows which were intending to smuggle the cows to Bangladesh.
The eight robbers arrested include Bhadreswar Rabha, Mohen Rabha, Dulal Rabha, Suraj Rabha, Prahlad Rabha, Ananda Rabha, Prafulla Rabha and Rajni Rabha.
Father Sngi Lyngdoh explains about prayer, “Prayer must work and must be manifested in actions.
“Therefore, it is necessary to take measures to develop this region in accordance with the Act East Policy of the Central Government so that it can reach the markets of other countries,” he said.
The total number of cases at Star Cement Factory has risen to 210, after 33 cases were confirmed today and one case is under home quarantine.
Shillong, November 21: The Governor of Meghalaya, today, expressed his concern over the problems faced by the State, including unemployment, child deaths, neglect. He hopes that these problems will be eliminated in the coming days.
He said that the presence of these private vehicles which take advantage of the opportunity to compete for business has caused a loss to those who own local vehicles, because the local vehicles have to pay high taxes at the DTO office while the private vehicles. The Association also warns that if any private vehicles are found, the members will arrest them and hand them over to the law enforcement authorities for further investigation. This was announced by the President of EJTODA, Bah Tiplang Rymbai.
The intellectuals of the past used to turn their backs on you because you didn't dare to tell the truth. That's why many people are afraid of you. Many people hate you. Any party is like a bus (as you said, you want to reach where you want to go, but if the tire is bad or light, you have to ride another bus, don't walk on it). kjat ruh) but only one thing that the nation does not forbid you because “PHIM PAT SHET KYLLA IAKA JAIT BYNRIEW. Those who understand shisha, especially those who have experienced or walked the path and tyngkhuh in the workplace, how the heritage will survive will be destroyed because of the lynshop that has come to the nation in the near future. I have come forward to demand special protection for my people. Soon we will become slaves in our own state or country.
When asked whether there has been any discussion whether KHUDA will re-elect former CEM Bah Pynshngain Syiem, Lyngkyrdem MDC said that there has been no discussion in the party who will re-elect former CEM Bah Pynshngain Syiem. KHUDA has 14 MDCs including 12 from Congress, 1 independent, 1 from NCP while ARPA has 17 MDCs including 6 from UDP, 6 from HSPDP, 4 from KHNAM and one from KHNAM. Grace M Kharpuri, an independent, has recently left the HSPDP. In another report, it was reported that there are rumors that some MDCs from the ARPA have left to support the HSPDP. If it is true, the ARPA may lose the election on the 8th.
"“Pastor, go ahead on your journey.
Therefore, we will continue to spend the same amount in the next five years with the hope of making Meghalaya a sports hub,” said Conrad.
The Trained Nurses of India Neigrihms has sent its condolences to the family of Kong Badaphun Rapsang who have suffered this terrible tragedy in their lives. he will send a spirit of comfort at such a time when a dark cloud comes to cover their whole family.
As soon as the time of election comes, there are many good Samaritans to do charity, good Samaritans to help the people in many ways, the emergence of those good Samaritans The rich candidates or businessmen are only during the elections who care about the people, but it is only a trick to win elections to mislead the people in many ways especially the poor. Knowledge and knowledge have been used to win elections.
On the other hand, Bah Rani urged the leaders, members and supporters of the UDP not to be discouraged and to remain in the party which is still serving in Ri Bhoi. gather the leaders and supporters to hold once again.
The next day, he phoned his wife, Kong Sinal Sutnga, to inform her that he had been abducted.
Let's see what we can do with this Temple. In fact, the Israelites used to have two temples.
Shillong, Jym 23 : U Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency today met with Union Minister Pashupati Kumar Paras. During the meeting, the Minister promised to assist Meghalaya to set up many food processing units.
Pay Scale:- Level 8th of Revised Pay Structure.
Presenting the report in the Budget Dorbar on Tuesday, the EM Elaka, Bah Jambor War, said that due to the resignation of the Syiem, Paiem Latho Manik Syiem has been suspended for a while. The EC of KHADC, after careful consideration, has appointed the Acting Syiem, Ainam Manik Syiem.
Bishop Elected Ferdinand Dkhar is a faithful priest who works hard and hard in any task assigned to him. God sees the hearts of us human beings and sees the character of Bishop Elected Ferdinand Dkhar. “God will empower him to serve as Bishop and Judge of the Diocese of Jowai,” said Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Meghalaya will soon receive a license to import rice from Canada.
The team has gone to the police station to investigate.
Ask those who have gone to B.Ed how much they have to pay.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Minister of Education, Lahkmen Rymbui.
“Our goal is to implement the four PS, namely Protect, Preserve and Promote, and to achieve this we need to first protect ourselves, and that is why Therefore, we would like to assure you that if you vote for the RDA, we will convince the government for the implementation of the ILP in Meghalaya.
Some teachings can be quoted from the Presbyterian Traditional Doctrine; “In the purchase of pets, members of the Church shall not take advantage of people who do not know about the sale and purchase and shall not sell over the right price or burden the buyers.
“I will gather the relevant people to discuss the need to celebrate this day in July,” he said.
These factories are consuming a lot of electricity and much of the electricity that has supplied the state in the past years has been consumed by these factories.
Shillong, June 26 : U Shillong North MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday said that the state government should not just listen and approve of what those living in Themmetor want. demand.
Furthermore, it has gained a worldwide reputation for its cleanliness and extremely clean water and environment.
When contacted by Rupang, Aminder Das said that the price of synsar and sla tyrpad at the market is currently dependent on the price of synsar and sla tyrpad. in Khasi and Jaintia.
The clashes between the two groups in Manipur have spread to Shillong and police have arrested 16 people involved in the clashes.
This is not to take lightly the need for prayer and the need for invitations to prayer.
"This incident has increased the number of problems in the family.
PHH – 5 kg (no payment) and Non-NFSA – 7 kg 205 grams per household @ Rs.12.70/- to Rs.13.00/- per kilo.
When we look at Sutnga, we see the same failure of the state government to implement the Stockholm UN resolution and the EPA. and 5% of the boxes from the companies are not small.
Israel oversees the distribution of electricity to parts of Gaza as well as the import and sale of goods, medicines, and the movement of people into the area.
The Meghalaya Administrative Training Institute and the District Disaster Management Offices have struggled as much as possible to translate the guidelines into the local language so that everyone can understand.
This was witnessed through a video recorded in Motphran near the garbage dump while these drug users were doing this.
After reaching the ryngkew, the woman died and did not know anyone, but after a while she was shocked again and stayed in the water for more than 10 minutes.
Shillong: The State Legislative Assembly will start its session from 8th October
Shillong: Traffic jam in Dawki, in the past few days, has been severe for two reasons (i) due to the improper driving of stone trucks and (ii) due to the poor condition of the road. sha this area.
The peace festival was organized by the Congress party to mark the 69th death anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The flag of the North East Olympic Games was handed over to John Kharshaiing who later handed over to the Chief Mission of Nagaland, Neilyalie Angami. come.
Shillong: U Bah Ebres Langstang, President of the BJP, Amlarem Mandal, has sent his resignation letter and has resigned from the party for personal reasons.
Informing that Meghalaya Age Limited is a company of the State Government operating under the Planning Department established under Section 2 (45) of the Companies Act, 2013, the Commissioner & Secretary said, The company is only responsible for implementing Externally Aided Projects, promoting tourism, organizing tourism-related festivals, holding events to encourage tourists. /the oldest building in the State of Meghalaya"
“The implementation is already in place to prepare for the response to the heavy rainfall.
Therefore, all the players were eager to start the semi final.
It is also unacceptable to call and rebuke them only when necessary but to drive them away in times of trouble.
Furthermore, it was directed that any idol created by any religious group or religious group should not go to any river within the boundary of Ri Bhoi District. These rituals can also be informed to the village leaders either in the villages or at government places and they have to dig temporary wells in advance for the purpose of performing the rituals. their.
No one knows, no one knows, When this disease will end;
The auction was also held with the participation of Martinez through a video camera from his home in England; He is currently playing for Aston Villa.
A few days before the start of the HSSLC and SSLC examinations, the National Hynniewtrep People Federation (NHPF) has sent a letter to the office of the Superintendent of Police. (Traffic) to ensure that the students are free from traffic jams.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24 : The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), Shillong, has taken action against the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh on the 22nd of this month.
The video of these youths being shot dead has spread quickly on social media.
In Mairang, Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Labour, Sports and Youth Affairs, unfurled the tricolor flag of India and saluted the 24 Parade contingents including Police, Home Guard, NCC, Scout and Guide and school children at Dommawlum Village Sports Ground, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
“The HYC was shocked when it received the reply through RTI on the price because I told the price only of the smart meter without counting the other requirements of the smart meter,” he said. added.
“This order is an obstacle to the income of the manufacturers, sellers and contractors working in the construction factories,” said the statement.
Lamare and another person had attempted to kill Kong Khong War by burning her in the forest near the ARC on Friday.
At the same time, he urged the area not to be divided but to have a spirit of unity and said that if the Langpih area collapses, the KHADC should take responsibility for this.
It is a wonderful and shocking news for me as well as for many others and it is also a news that I have never heard before since I was a child until now that I have grown up here on earth. to hear that a 50 year old woman who has children and grandchildren has passed class 12.
The number of self-employed startups has started to rise in the region over the past five years.
Shillong: There have been 155 new cases of covid-19 in the state today.
If no one has investigated thoroughly, this is another topic for scholars and scholars to investigate the origins of the Khasi-Jaintia people.
He said that although there were some villages who did not attend the meeting, but they will continue to explain and he relied on the village leaders to continue to explain the matter.
The JACSO leader said that as it has stood from the beginning, the JACSO will continue to stand in the same voice to oppose the road.
Shillong: Mairang MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang of the Congress party has withdrawn his support for the Executive Committee of Latiplang Kharkongngor but will support the United Democratic Alliance (UDA). , led by Bah Teinwel Dkhar of the UDP, according to a report received today.
"Please, when the investigation has been announced publicly, why are you still sending it to the Political Department? Is there anything to whitewash or correct or spoil? That is the question of the Sur ka Bri. u Hynniewtrep, if we see that this is the case, we urge the people to be ready as we have come out to demand an investigation, once again we will demand the release of the report submitted by Justice Vaiphei. to the Government,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh.
The HNLC has claimed responsibility for the incident on 14th October.
The neighboring villages of Mawpon are Maweitksar, Mawlangriang, Nongmynraw, Nongpoit, Nongthymmai, Mawpharduh, Mawkynjoin and Sangriang.
The deceased was identified as Walinda Binong, 19, of Nongangang Marngar, Ri-Bhoi District. She is also the youngest child of Bah Rubi Binong and Kobita Syiem. The girl is studying at the School of Design, Mody University in Lakshmangarh, Sikar, Rajasthan. The family members of the girl have informed the Ri-Bhoi Police Station. to do what is necessary.
I don't sit idly by and watch what the government has done to the youth.
Referring to the schools in Shillong which also fall under the Red Zone, Fr John Madur said that they can open on the 3rd or 4th of July but until they get permission from the education department. the state.
In North Garo Hills, 65 houses were destroyed in Kharkutta Block by the earthquake on the 14th.
The DTO East Jaintia Hills said that his office has already sent a letter to the higher authorities and informed that there is no MVI in the office.
Police have arrested Vicky Syiemlieh, who lives nearby, on a tip-off from his mother about the robbery within 24 hours.
There was also a signing ceremony between the Dolloi of Jowai District and the Saw Lyngdohs led by Langdoh Kongwasan.
Rising Star and Hills United Cricket Club have won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (AJCA) on Thursday at Jrisalein Stadium, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
Earlier, Dr. Anwesa Mahanta performed a performance which delighted the students and those present.
Paribaha Mukherjee and Yash Tekwani.
The PWD North Jowai Division provides services not only to the villages under the jurisdiction of Laskein C&RD Block and Shangpung, but to many other villages in Thadlaskein Block under the jurisdiction of the North Jowai Division, he said.
He said that the four vehicles have been awarded to private individuals who have been selected from the tender and the price has been fixed by the committee according to the route.
It is the greatest work not only of this human heritage, but it can also be considered as a work that is difficult for other past generations to compare with any achievement of mankind.
The Minister also informed that Rs 88.50 crore has not been paid to those who support the government in the fight against Covid-1
He urged for cooperation for the improvement of knowledge in the area and today he informed that they have already visited to get sanction in the upcoming Academic Session for the purpose of to open classes XI, X, XI & XII (Arts and Commerce) in Pdengshakap as this is the wish of the government.
When MK Stalin visited Russia a few days ago, the Russians looked at him with astonishment, because his name was Stalin, because Stalin was one of the terrorist ruler of that country, who committed numerous terrorist attacks in European countries.
Tangmar's dream was to kidnap Tongsoh.
Shillong, October 01: The Seng Khasi Kmie, under the leadership of Rgh Banteilang S. Rumnong and Rgh Arwan S. Tariang as President and Secretary, together with the Tymmen U San Committee of the Seng Khasi, The Mawkynthei festival was held at Umkaduh village, Marngar and Mawsyntai areas, Ri-Bhoi District on the 26th of June.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh on Thursday said that the BJP's aim is to bring about 'One Nation' One Election) may be for political gain.
Information through RTI shows that since the year of request on 3rd July 2011, Dr. RH Pariat has been appointed and has remained in office until 28th July June 2011 which shows that he has worked for only about six months.
After this, he contested as MLA from two constituencies, but he gave up one constituency and held only the Serchip constituency, which he has now won again.
Before the release of this music video, Gracyl Ropmay, speaking as the chief guest, encouraged Esha Das to continue to play chess and to use her talent with the support of her friends. who have worked together to achieve this goal of hers.
The complex is also the property of those shopkeepers who have been displaced during the construction of the 4 lane highway, which passes through the city in Ri-Bhoi district. construction cost at least Rs 17 crore.
Urging all political parties to refrain from such unacceptable acts, Prestone said, “Let us ensure that the dignity of the State is more important than anything else.
Shillong: Even after three years of the shooting and assault of Amita Sangma and Agnes Kharshiing, the case remains pending. On the other hand, Amita Sangma has expressed her disappointment on this issue.
He said that it is a mistake to see that the notification and the NEP will be implemented according to the decision taken by the 110th Academic Council.
The union is deeply concerned that as the rainy season approaches, the Myntdu River will be affected by the flow of plastic and other garbage into the river. also the source of drinking water used by the people.
Start teaching your brothers and sisters who don't know so that those who don't will lose their race.
Mawliehpoh opened the scoring through Shalis Rani in the 15th minute, but Pompyrthat equalized through Roni Nongrum in the 43rd minute.
He said that the residents of Sohra did not condemn the holding of any program in Sohra, but they condemned the lack of attention of the Marathon organizers on the day of the marathon because they lacked too much information to the public. The public should not know whether all these things have happened or whether there will be such a thing.
He said that the union has demanded from the government to provide assistance on the damage caused by insects to rice in 2014 in West Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi as the government has not provided any assistance yet. .
“It is worth mentioning that the decision passed by the Legislative Assembly regarding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the State and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo Languages ​​in Article 8 of the Constitution the Country are still under the supervision of the Central Government.
:The Organizing Committee of KSU Mawlai Circle on 12.12.2023, has held a meeting with the mynder who came to work in different parts of Mawlai.
If we read an old article published in 1984 by Dr. Ely Meniquist, published in the Assam Tribune, it says, “It has been found that Mother's milk is the best food in any nation but drinking bottled milk can affect and harm children who are struggling to grow”.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The ban on the sale of English chickens (broi ler) has prompted the Khasi chicken sellers to increase the market for Khasi chickens.
“The political parties and the political parties cannot bring about change in the state but it is only the wisdom of the people that can bring about change by electing the rulers who can bring about the laws. to change the state," he added.
The new cases include five from East Khasi Hills, two from Ri Bhoi, three from East Jaintia Hills and one from East Garo Hills.
Bah Metbah said that he will convene an emergency meeting of the party to resolve the issues within the party. He said that the problem from the electricity department is not only for the party but also for the state. hi all.
In the year 2022-23, the state has successfully reduced the number of farmers by 30% through the use of techniques and equipment. In this regard, the Punjab Minister in charge of Agriculture said.
In 1977, the Jan Sangh joined another group to form the Janata Party.
Applicants have been invited from all districts of the state.
Due to the urgent decision of the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to implement the NEP-2020 and the demand of the MCTA to withdraw the announcement on 12th November, 2023, the Association held a meeting. The Executive Committee of the Executive Committee on 29th November, 2013, has decided to take a stand against the decision, said the MCTA in a statement. The NEHU authorities also expressed their concern to the Vice Chancellor, who has urged to proceed with the implementation of the NEP-2020 without the approval of the Academic Council.
It is believed that the weak Jaintia king married the daughter of Koch, who worshiped Jaintesvari, a goddess who wanted a human head.
Jowai: The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order under Section 144CrPC to ban the following activities in order to prevent the spread of Covid-1
Rijiju assured that the money of the people which is their right will not be affected and they will get it back only by going to the bank.
At night, this hostel is like a hotel where people come to do all kinds of pleasures, drink and eat like a hotel.
Why are we so excessive in nature?
The Meghalaya Police together with the Social Welfare Department on July 26 celebrated the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
To do a license or something, you don't know when you'll get it, you have to go regularly.
The engineer said that he has already informed the authorities about the loss of transformers, but they have not yet received new transformers.
He said that the Government of India also allows its employees to hold jobs in various positions such as sports , citing the example of the Railways , the Army and others “If the government doesn't ban, why does the Meghalaya government ban?” he asked.
Urging the people to give their full support to Ampareen Lyngdoh, the NPP leader said it is necessary to elect an MP from the ruling party. in Delhi in order to bring about development projects in the State.
The Deputy Commissioners/Sub Divisional Officers have been directed to direct the BDOs to hold a successful Independence Day celebration
She has also sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner to oppose the proposal to hold a festival in memory of Bah Robert G Lyngdoh on the 23rd and 24th of this month. from you as the owner of the place.
“Many places in Shillong like Khyndai Lad (Police Bazar) and other places have been occupied by Dkhars,” said Secretary Lalthakima Chhngte. The Vice President of MSU Shillong Unit B Lalrintluanga said that the ILP in Mizoram has helped to prevent the entry of foreigners. bar states.
The man was on his way to Umshaken on his bike, but he didn't see the electrical sign which fell on the road. and they fell down and died there.
In another raid, BSF troops of the 4th Battalion Meghalaya, seized saris from the border of East Khasi Hills, Meghalaya, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
These weapons include Kalashnikovs, AK-47 rifles, bombs and other weapons.
“I entered the Gujarat chief minister's room for the first time when I took over as chief minister and I came here for the first time,” said the 63-year-old leader.
The pool in which India is currently placed includes teams from Australia, Colombia, Egypt, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Malaysia and South Africa.
After the murder of the woman, the residents of the village suspected that his ex-husband from the same village was also killed in the same manner by suit with cold water.
In the first match between Mulang Ialong and Loompyrdi Iongpiah, it was a very interesting match as both the teams tried to score but by the end of the match they had reached a draw. of 0-0 col.
He said that his resignation from KHNAM is due to the problems which he does not feel are of any benefit and his resignation from KHNAM is because he has a goal to look far ahead. to play chess especially on the situation in the State.
The award was presented by Merit Awards Market Research Pvt Ltd to all the selected experts in the field of cooking, food service and respect for consumers.
However, the answer does not agree with what was accepted by the KSU South West Khasi Hills, as the KSU South West Khasi Hills General Secretary, Bah Forward Nongrem, said that the road has been removed. Mukul Sangma, dated 13th November 2013 to DoNER, said that the work according to the previous budget, was T.27 crore.
Others who attended the award ceremony were Shri Davis NR Marak, IPS.
However, when inquired from other NPP leaders from Lum Garo, they said that they cannot send Agatha Sangma as MDC as the party has no intention of contesting the election. MLA 2018.
They decided that the government should implement the nine demands of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, but the most important demand is that the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma should resign by 4th November or he will implement the demands of the Rangbah Shnongs to implement the Village Administration Bill (VAB) and if the demands are not met, they will stand. in front of the Secretariat and held a rally the next day, the 5th of November.
In other countries that follow this system of government, the leaders do not use too much force because the people stand up against them if they are treated too badly.
After that, he was appointed as Secretary of the College Campus Development Committee where he was able to purchase 22 acres of land for the construction of the new campus of the College. I'm not.
It is true that he is the father of the Khasi alphabet, but the Khasi alphabet cannot claim to be the Christian alphabet.
Regarding the garbage that is still standing around Ïawmusiang and other places, KYWM through its President KL Pariat has requested the Municipal Department to find ways and means to clean up the garbage. , said that the department should conduct training programs for the market dwellers and the residents not to throw garbage but also to know how to distribute garbage.
“The proposal of the State Government not only violates the provisions of the Khyrnit Bahynriew but also deprives the people of the right to re-elect their leaders at the right time.
It is prohibited to hold any rally or procession without the permission of the District Magistrate. It is also prohibited to hold any election meeting without the permission of the District Magistrate and Rangbah Shnong. in relation to the venue.
Along with Netaji's determination and courage, he also inspired the people of the country and his role in the struggle for India's independence was great.
Anupam, who starred in the blockbuster Kashmir Files, feels that if Laal Singh Chaddha is a good film, it might attract the attention of the audience like other films starring Aamir. Anupam added that now the audience knows how to choose the films to watch and for this reason the stars need to watch first. storyIn Anupam's view, the boycott of a film will not have any impact if the story of the film is good and attractive to the audience.
Because when there is no border, there are many robbers not only the police but also the armed groups in Block I and II. forever.
On the 4th June 2023, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar was able to inaugurate two sports tournaments under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawlai Circle.
He added that when farming, they need to follow exactly and cultivate according to the modern era by using good seeds and planting, burying or sowing according to the time of the season.
MEPA sends its condolences to the family of Kong Ria especially to her children including Bah Andrew W. Lyngdoh, Editor of Nongsain Hima, Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA. Umroi Constituency and former General Secretary of MEPA and to all the relatives of the victim.
“The duty assigned to the North East Police is not only to look after law and order but also to look after foreign crime and violence,” he said.
At the commemorations of his death anniversary, many speakers used to use the words to be brave like Tirot Singh.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister said that as he had promised during the election campaign, he will look after the problems of the people especially the roads and streets which are the source of income and income. kajih, he tried as much as he could to do it.
:The 19th South Shillong in collaboration with the Jhalupara Village Council, Shillong Cantonment Development Committee and Shillong Cantonment Lease Holders Association Organization has opened a park for children on 20th November 2022.
“If the government does not take action to provide drinking water to the people, we will take other measures,” said Bah Passah.
The Chief Minister and National President of the National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma, has invited the singer to his residence as a sign of respect and recognition of his talent.
They have looted the money allocated for the workers of MNREGA and TUEP. No one has worked or talked on this issue.
Likewise, this is what God Himself purposed to happen.
“We would like to give a clear message to those members of the committee that you should not touch the special allocation for the benefit of the students of the state no matter who you are,” said Samla Comingstar.
Apparently PSG had no intention of letting him go next year and that is why they want to renew a new contract.
(where has it been).
Except for one or two people who came to visit this market, but most of them did not dare to come outside as it is remote and far from the public places.
There are 5,327 confirmed cases and 669 deaths.
He said that the issuance of permits to the cow traders has caused them problems because the government has not taken action to check and judge those who are entitled to receive the permits but they have distributed them widely. These permits are not issued to import cows into the state according to the law.
Throughout the day, the KSU has issued a statement demanding that the authorities should immediately install the 132/33 KV Substation. Prevent increasing power outages in Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi as a whole.
A nation that will rise has and produces leaders who are faithful, courageous and willing to obey.
Speaking at the programme, Kong D Sohtun, CJM & Secretary DLSA, SWKHD said that the purpose of this public awareness program is to raise awareness among the public as well as groups involved in the rights of children and women. protection for them.
New office bearers of JSU Rakabah Unit: President- Trebor Lamin.
That means that it is the same as 'NG' but you want to change it, but the elementary alphabet has only those letters from A to Z. Unlike in Ri Khasi, the Amwi and Lyngam languages ​​require the letter 'cj' according to the sound to be read.
The District Magistrate said that the order will not come into force immediately until further notice.
Every old man, even if he has shaved his head or his beard, and who has a son, a daughter, or a son, shall be a khatar-bor.
On the other hand, the union has decided to wait until the 29th of this month and will think again on this issue.
,There is a state quota for each of the states and reservation is done as per the Government of India norms.
Recently, the state police have arrested Anan Tanti and his wife for their involvement in the rape and murder of a woman. children in the Margherita area.
The location of the hunger strike has not yet been determined and will be announced later.
Hek said he hopes that if God wills, in 2018, a new government will come which will be able to meet the needs of the people.
Basan also recalled that Parliament has passed the North Eastern Reorganization Act under which Dima Hasao, North Cachar Hills and Karbi Anglong are part of the Jaintia Hima. Meghalaya and Parliament have passed laws and these are Block I, Block II of the Khyrim Hima and others in Jaintia Hills.
You don't need to report anything by going to the streets if someone sends you false messages via your mobile phone.
Although many say that those who protest on the streets do not reach anywhere, especially the protests organized by the political parties.
“The President of the NPP Meghalaya has also accused the Congress of not granting ILP to Meghalaya when it was in power in the central government.
Swedish Pole Vault star and Olympic and world champion Armand Duplantis; he set the first world record in one of the tournaments held in Torun three years ago, the Copernicus Cup.
According to the report presented by Babu Khongjirem at the meeting of the Rupang Poverty Committee today at Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, Mawkhar-Shillong, the government has been working hard to improve the quality of education in the country. that is, from 2011 to 2016 which is the sixth time the revenue has increased and the number of poor beneficiaries has increased.
As part of the preparations for the election, the MCPF has met this evening to discuss the working methods to strengthen the support of Bah Process from the residents of the constituency.
The toddler was rushed to a nearby hospital, where hospital authorities reported that the boy's life was out of danger.
On the issue of highways, Nitin Gadkari said that the Minister of Roads, Transport and National Highways has already allocated 1294 km of National Highways in Meghalaya before Highways and a small amount of funds have been allocated through the Central Roads Fund (CRF) where by 2023 the Ministry has already increased the construction of highways to 324 km within 8 years which has increased to % of roads in Meghalaya.
As a former Minister of the Government of Meghalaya, he was involved in the issuance of ration cards in
There has also been talk in these days that the Prime Minister intends to renew his Cabinet after the Budget Session and if it goes according to this calculation, then the blue mark will appear. , only in the UDP and if the party agrees, there may be sudden changes in the political situation in the coming days.
Therefore, the Seng urges the DC to take action on this issue as well as the leader of the area.
The village authorities also demanded that the government should suspend them from their posts and investigate the facts and punish them according to the law.
A case has been registered at Lumdiengjri Police Station and police are doing their utmost to track down and arrest these people.
A complaint was lodged on Saturday at Sohiong Outpost against a teacher named Konesshon Rodborn, a teacher at Tlong Umiam Secondary School in Weilyngkut-Sohiong.
Thus, this action of the college has held its mind to continue.
Mansturdy Nongrem, Chairman of KHADC was appointed as Chairman, Gabriel Wahlang, Dy.Chairman of KHADC as Dy.Chairman, M.Kharkrang, Officer of KHADC as Member Secretary. The committee consists of Fabian Lyngdoh, former Chairman of KHADC, Dr. AK Nongkynrih, Prof. of NEHU Sociology Department, Maxmillan Byrsad, Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, A. Shangpliang, Legislative Secretary, RS Wanniang, Joint Secretary, KHADC. At the first meeting, Mansturdy said that the committee has decided to explain to all the Hima that they should hold the Man said that the committee will visit each Hima to explain to them with the questions that the committee will prepare.
Therefore, he also revealed that the glory of God that lasts until now in the whole world, is the crucifixion of our Lord Jesus Christ, who believed in the will of the Father and as believers in Lord Jesus we must sanctify the glory of God because when there is the glory of God all our works go smoothly and whatever we serve is successful and once the glory of God is lost we are sure to fall. like the children of Israel, which is due to the lack of rule within the Church, he added.
Bah Titos also alleged that the Governing Body has been using power without respecting the rules.
Sports Secretary- Mewanshai Sariang.
“Although the government has delivered assistance for development works, when the people started implementing it, they were blocked by the Assam government.
Furthermore, as the Government has announced to re-open the Community Isolation Centers in many areas, it should also appoint qualified nurses who have completed their training and not only ASHAs. The ISC will not be able to treat those affected by COVID-1
“In this most difficult and painful time, we the three churches request all the people of India and the churches around the world to observe the 7th as a day of fasting and a day of prayer. pray for the loss and recovery from Coronavirus.
The conference will end at the Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah on the 12th.
This Generation are the words that Jesus spoke, saying: This generation shall not pass away, until all these things be fulfilled.
MeTTA-NEHU will also take part in the rally against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
Until now, Marak is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
After that they brought Hep into the house.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of KSU West Jaintia, Bah Lening Rad Tariang, said that there is a great threat to the residents of Block-I, because of the Not only to cut down trees to build houses, but also to pay taxes to the Assam police.
“All the wrongdoings of the HNLC have been investigated through social media and VOIP platforms,” said the SP. immediately to the police and also block the photo and number in question.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Terrestrial Organization (HITO) today sent a letter to the Minister of State for Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui seeking clarification on the admission of students who intend to train in the field of education. I teach at the Government College in Tura.
These are the rooms of the feast of Behdeinkhlam.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of LSPBL, Bah Basan Nongkynrih. There were speeches by the elders from different areas and villages of Mawphlang constituency, a song by Bah Waroh Pde and others. day.
Speaking at the meeting, DC Bah BS.Sohliya, IAS congratulated the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and all those involved for the success of the 10 years of RBSK in the State as well as in the District.
Nongpoh, July 19: U Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati and Minister of Transport, today visited the poor families in Umsiang and Umlaper areas of Mawhati Constituency. sopiing to about 200 poor and rich households in the area under the SRWP scheme. RM Mukhim, General Secretary of the NPP Mawhati, Shemphang Lyngdoh and other officials of the area.
Akash Kumar Choudhary (3/36 off 4 overs) and Anish Charak (3/41 off 4) both took three wickets each while Riboklang Hynniewta took 1 wicket. /19 in 3 overs, Chhattisgarh were 162/7 in the 20th over.
But know that the long delay of the Lord Jesus to come again to earth is His longing and patience for people to believe and repent.
Shillong, June 28: The Inter District U-19 Boys Cricket match from Group A of Zone 1 between Ri-Bhoi and Shillong CA (B) on Friday was postponed due to heavy rain. , in which Shillong CA (B) qualified for the zonal final.
On the other hand, Ma Swer said that the coal blockade has affected about 2 lakh people in Jaintia Hills, where he believes that one person or one person will earn less than T.2,0 per day and thus per day, the loss of money will reach approximately T.4 crore and if calculated per annum, the loss of money, which has been lost, will reach approximately T.48 crore or whichever is longer. sha to T.250 crore.
Wankhar, who has been living in Andhra Pradesh, said it is impossible to smuggle fish halfway and do such a thing.
Synroplang operates 88 SPTS buses and 120 SPTS vehicles.
Jowai: According to reports, some truck owners, who alleged that the party has not convened a general meeting, for four years, since the President of Ma Nidamon Chullet; “It's just a propaganda for the party and its president,” said the party's general secretary.
On the occasion, Bah Dohling launched the Skill Gap Analysis Report and handed over the award for the Best PIA to Wazir & Advisors Pvt Ltd.
“Why does that man look at me like that?” asked Banrilang.
They said that the death of fish in the pond in the past few days, the leaders of the Khasi Students Union Mawthadraishan Circle have met with the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills. , to inform and discuss how to deal with this incident.
This can be confirmed by the incident of some women, who work as cooks for school children from West Khasi Hills District and Eastern West Khasi Hills District,” said one of the women. They also said that they are in their own difficulties in the work they do.
By sending a plague, getting killed by enemies with a hit.
’, where this proved to be difficult to prove.
The WHRS project will cause a lot of noise especially to young children and even during their sleep and these are just a few examples of the impact on the environment and the body. person.
However, this power project in these years of implementation has faced many problems, such as collapse, mismanagement of power supply and others.
He said that since the Khasi people did not recognize the alphabet, the census was directed to the mother.
The deceased was driving a small vehicle (AS 11 G 7819) from Silchar with the intention of going to Guwahati. The driver of the vehicle (NL 01 AA 9137) died on the spot.
It is not known whether the child protection groups have seen or found the video, which has put Meghalaya in shame in front of India.
“Before I entered the Assembly, I was a leader in the field and I received training from this place where I am standing now in Motphran,” said Bah Paul Lyngdoh. sun.
Speaking to reporters, Predecessor said that Hek's return to the BJP without any prior notice is wrong.
He said that the government should take responsibility for the ease of appointment in these vacant posts and not blame its officers and departments.
He said that because of the fear of the people of Meghalaya of the infiltration of foreigners if the CAB becomes law, it is very important that the whole of Meghalaya should get the ILP to prevent it.
At first glance, it is surprising to think why Jesus said such words, but the truth is that God does not see as man sees.
After inspecting Umsawli, Sacheti visited the JN Stadium and the plastic field.
He said that the residents of the area have requested the authorities to take action against the drivers of motorcycles and to put restrictions in these areas so that free from injury and casualties to the people.
Abul Sabar scored the third goal in the 56th minute.
The attacker reportedly stood just 5 meters from the US troops, who were checking the documents of people who wanted to leave Afghanistan.
Up to 100 ksing are used along with the drinking of water, which is part of the rituals of the Achiks who still hold the traditional religion.
The cause of the sudden onset of this disease is due to the dysfunction of the blood vessels and the sudden stoppage of blood flow to the brain.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to find out why no candidate has won from Garo Hills despite nominating several candidates in the upcoming MLA elections. that's it.
Cycling is one of the 19 sports that have qualified for the Meghalaya Games
The cause of her death is still unknown.
Other prominent candidates for the UDP presidential seat are Bindo M Lanong and Paul Lyngdoh, who are currently the working presidents.
At the end of the programme, prizes, trophies and certificates were distributed to the winners in the presence of the EE of PWD(R) Nongstoin Bah F Sohlang as the chief guest.
Historians will note this tragedy.
The tournament will start on the 27th of this month at Pamsna Stadium, Laskein.
One of the special problems facing us in Meghalaya today is the lack of educated unemployment.
The mattah didn't succeed but it won.
When we say a country flowing with milk and honey, we mean a country that is rich, healthy and peaceful.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of June 2021 will be released to all households under the NFSA (AAY). & PHH) until June 16,
The woman is undergoing treatment at Nongstoin Civil Hospital and has sustained injuries to her face, head and neck.
Some have left and some have remained in our country.
“Think globally, act from where you are.
He said that KHNAM has stood firm to fight for the introduction of ILP in the state, and there is also an ILP in the party manifesto.
KSU Narpuh General Secretary S Bamon said the time has come for the people, political parties and leaders to protest on the roads because the government has left the road unconstructed which has endangered the traffic of the people.
Police have identified one of the suspects as K. Gurung, 22, and taken him to Madanrting Police Station.
However, this does not mean that Meghalaya will just play against Assam.
All these four teams have already qualified for the semifinals after winning all four of their previous Group Stage matches.
“We have received information that the Governor will approve these Bills tomorrow,” said a source from the KHADC. The District Council has not passed the Bill after the Governor has approved it.
The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has issued an order to hold a meeting on the 10th July 2019 to decide to separate Mawpun from Mawpun. you're playing Golflink.
Madrasa Hemayatul Islam beat Gorkha Pathshala Higher Secondary School by five wickets to win the title of the Shillong Cricket Association U-15 Inter-School Tournament in the match which was played at the Polo Ground.
College Student Union.
Therefore, parents who truly care about their children should not allow their children to become too involved in these technologies.
Use water and a little soap to wash your hands thoroughly.
Besides, this order has been implemented without proper consideration and will affect many churches,” he added.
In addition, the Ministry of Fisheries has explained that the main reason for the use of formalin by illegal traders is to prevent the fish from spoiling quickly and to deceive the consumers that the fish will be suitable for marketing. .
Shillong, Lber 19 : The High Court of Meghalaya has given 45 days to the transportation of coal scattered around the square to the place where it will be collected for sale.
Furthermore, after the decline in the number of cases, the government has extended the rules to allow up to 75% participation in churches, as well as in religious, village and private meetings.
In a statement, the MPUF fully supports the demand of the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Shangpung to relocate the branch. PWD North Division Jowai has visited the village of Shanpung.
This power outage has caused a lot of unemployment to the workers.
When inquiring about this, Rupang found that there are only six Khasi Nongkhap shniuh across Ri Bhoi, one in Patharkhmat, two in Umsning and one in Bhoirymbong. but besides that, in every place it was worked and occupied by foreigners.
The residents of these villages, said that the loss of the transformer, has caused the people in these villages to live without electricity and this has caused a lot of trouble to the people in these villages.
Michael Warjri, Secretary Hima Nongspung, was attacked by a mob at his village in New Balakhawa on Tuesday. They destroyed his house and burnt his books. that leaves all.
The National General Secretary of the Trinamool Congress (TMC), Abhishek Banerjee, on June 16, strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the National People's Party (NPP) over the They have deceived the people of Meghalaya and brought the state into trouble.
The HSPDP on July 11 released the first list of candidates for the 2023 elections.
Revenue: The dispute with the State Government over the royalty on mineral resources or timber has caused problems to the ADCs many times.
He said that the voice of the people will be taken at this meeting as not everyone supports the railway line in Jaintia Hills.
He said the BJYM also demands that the government should set up a Special Relief Team to look after those affected by the natural disasters. you can sleep.
The talks between the Pnar residents of Khanduli through the Dorbar Shnong of Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills and the Karbi residents of the Suching Arming Border Development Committee (SABDC) have been held. which is equal.
Has the NEP solved this because there are more subjects, courses and so on? The policy clearly states that there will be research in the fourth year for students, who will provide funding to do that? · According to the policy, colleges with less than 3000 students will have to join. and others.
On the other hand, the full office bearers of the Primary Units/Youth Wings Sohmynting UDP Pyllun, have clarified that they have no knowledge or recognition of this person who claims to be the Office Bearer of the Youth Wings UDP Pyllun.
Sadon said that they don't know whether these things are true or not, whether they are true or not.
The suspect was arrested by the BSF near the airport at Dawki while he was on his way to Bangladesh.
Joe Biden should not be 90 but 80 in November.
The incident occurred on the 27th at 11.30 pm, said the Waheh Shnong of Ïooksi Kyanmynsar, Thlongmoo, Bah Leonard Rabon.
Real Madrid beat Roma 2-0 in Group G, with Bale scoring in the 47th minute and Lucas in the 59th.
The matter will be discussed again on 18th July
“This is because the party is strong.
Even after extra time, no one was able to score.
Finally, dear students, these months may have filled you with joy, happiness, anxiety that you will need to go somewhere or you cannot go anywhere, the days and hours may be very long.
More details on the incident will be known later as the investigation is ongoing,” Kashmir Zone police said in a tweet.
Sunny Deol has been in the film industry for 40 years and has had successful films like Betaab, Border, Damini, Gadar and Ghayal.
Earlier, Home Minister Amit Shah tested positive for the virus on Sunday.
Speaking to media, NSUI President Bansharailang Pyngrope said that the NSUI demands that NEHU should forgive the examination fees as this year many of the examinations will be held online.
However, there is no such thing, because the NPP has already decided within itself that if the party wins more MLAs in Garo Hills or Khasi Hills, it will have the right to become Chief. Minister.
“He said that as a party, we will ensure that Mawlai, Mawprem and Mawkhar will win, otherwise the future of the jaidbynriew will be destroyed.
When asked about the border talks between the two states, he said that what is happening between the Assam and Meghalaya governments is unacceptable that only the two Chief Ministers of the state can take a decision. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: Three leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Monday were summoned by the Sadar Police Station for visiting the Secretariat in
However, our government has ordered that all schools should complete according to the routine.
Leh kloi2 noh farmers...Start the protest.
In the morning, she told me about what she had been thinking all night.
Earlier, RP Kharshiing, Finance Secretary KAS, said that the Khasi Authors' Society was founded on 11th November 1979 by nine prominent writers of the Khasi Writers' Society.
Hep couldn't help but look out the door to see who it was.
Finally, I had to hand over to those two or three of the group of 24 who were watching the foolishness of those who were claiming to be leaders.
He didn't want to be like these politicians.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta has arrested 12 people including the incumbent NPP MLA, nine former Executive Members, former Secretary of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and two contractors. , on the incompletion of the construction of the MDC hostel in Tura, which has been allocated Rs 6,01,31,100.00 crore.
Before they came to Smit, the Syiems lived in Nongkrem.
For the first time, we have seen that the people have stood in front of the MLAs' houses to demand that they should speak and support the demand to amend the Reservation Policy.
However, despite the order of the Meghalaya High Court, the JHADC continues to set up its Forest Check Posts in many places like Nartiang, Shangpung, Lumkya and other places. The KHADC is still operating its check post at Umiam Industrial Estate.
At the same time, he said that as a leader, he does not think of himself but of the people.
The suspect, a resident of Upper Jail Road, Shillong, recovered gold jewelery and cash worth T.1.50 lakh from his house.
Bah Kiswell Sky 27.
Mawkyrwat, November 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Warsanlyngdoh Circle, South West Khasi Hills District together with the residents of the area have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's delay in inviting tender for the construction of the road. They went to Mawphanrang.
After that, they left for the BSF camp at Umpling.
U-14 age group shall be counted as the date of birth between 30.11.2008 to 29.11.2010, U-16 children shall be counted as those born between 31.11.2006 to 29.11.2008 and For the U-18 category, the date of birth between 33.11.2004 and
On this occasion, the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma said that the college authorities have expressed their difficulties in implementing this year and the government will convene another meeting to discuss the issue. well before taking a decision even if NEHU wants to implement it.
Speaking at the inauguration ceremony of the four development projects for Lummawbah, he said that before the end of his term, he will send them to all the households in the constituency so that they can consider them. compared to other previous MLAs.
Pelcy said she didn't think that there would be many women who love the BJP in Meghalaya. “She said she thought there would be only 50 or 60 women, but she “Suddenly, they reached more than 600,” said Pelcy.
However, one of the problems in cleaning the highways, which are used every day, is that they have to be cleaned for 20 days before they turn hard.
A complaint was filed against Marak's farm on June 28, 2022, alleging that their young daughter had gone missing from home. for a week, but, when she was found, much later, she was treated unkindly by the robbers.
He said that even Khasi have been appointed by the Assam government as ration distributors and there are many Khasi who are residents of the area, who have job cards for the Assam government. MNREGS schemes from both Meghalaya and Assam and ration cards as well.
The ‘sportswoman last played for the country in October 2022.
This honor is also an invitation to others especially those who have not yet experienced Jesus Christ by living a good, godly, righteous life and to follow the life of Jesus who is the best example to wear. ia this honor.
He also congratulated the State Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister, the Minister of Sports Bah Shakliar Warjri, the Director Kong Isawanda Laloo and the MSOA for their hard work. cash prizes and prizes for the winners of the tournaments held in the country and abroad as well.
The food department has also been directed to seize the drinking water and send it to Guwahati for examination.
The Minister said that these districts need to be encouraged to move forward so that they can become like other districts.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: The contractor Peter Jyrwa has completed the construction of the road from Sopian to Diwah village, which passes through Domkohsam village. , has caused the residents to become discouraged.
In East Garo Hills, two cases have been confirmed and in Ri Bhoi District, one case has been confirmed.
The incident happened at 11:45 pm when the five farmers including three women and two men were sitting under a tree. There was a nearby field to eat the day, but at this time suddenly he saw them and threw them away.
Our Khasi Hills is one of the most beautiful countries because it has a beautiful nature, clean soils, clean valleys, clean drinking streams, clean flowers. seasonal flowers, beautiful trees, beautiful hills and rivers and thirty kinds of natural resources to milk others to flow into our country to earn money and destroy wat the country.
The more the world becomes wise, the more it covers the light of the souls of people" agreed the son "Know what has caused the world to be so destroyed" expressed the mother's surprise "There are many reasons you may judge.
Speaking via video, Bah Ardent said it is unacceptable for the government to say that the legalization of gambling will bring good.
Khliehriat, July 19: The collapse of the tunnel near Sonapyrdi has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers and the traffic jam has been going on for more than 10 months. Officials of the Star Cement Company's Payloader Machine Factory have now cleared the tunnel and the vehicles stuck in the traffic jam have been able to pass through the tunnel.
He said that this order will come into force immediately throughout East Jaintia Hills District until further notice.
Nongpoh: Three persons were seriously injured when a Tata Tiagia (ML-10B-9859) collided with another vehicle. The truck has the number plate ML-1
Even on the day when the Magistrate together with police officers visited the area, they found that there is indeed a widespread discharge of wastewater into the areas where there are drinking water wells, but These officials are still insisting that the construction should go smoothly.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in Jaintia Hills District has alleged that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has issued trading licenses to foreigners without proper documents.
The sports tournament will be for children under 18 years, 16 years and under 14 years for boys and girls of Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong, November 11: U Shri Rajiv Mehta, IPS, DGP Meghalaya today awarded medals to 13 policemen as a sign of appreciation for their services. life to fight in Khasi and Garo Hills.
“The night curfew has been imposed because trucks still need to pass through Shillong as the construction of the bridge has not been completed,” she said.
The law is not shilliang, it is the same.
Those who have driven very slowly like a mattah, until all the vehicles following them have to drive slowly like a mattah.
The USCIRF, in its report, alleged that this was an attempt to undermine religious feelings or restrict the freedom of religious groups in India.
Out of these 72,309 two wheelers, 13,591 have expired and 1,548 have not been repaired.
What are the good things that this Seng, which does not call itself the 'Seng Riewlum', has done for the welfare of the people of the State?
Shivam Rajendra Chikale of Maharashtra won the gold medal and Mudit of Haryana came second with the silver medal.
Shillong, Lber 24: Shillong Cricket Association (A) beat Tura District Cricket Association (A) by 10 wickets in the final of the U-23 Boys Inter District Cricket Tournament. Friday at Polo Ground, Shillong.
Rocket firing and sirens continued in parts of Sderot and Kibbutz Nir Am.
Nongpoh, November 06: A group of farmers from Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the College of Postgraduate Studies in Agriculture Sciences (CPGSAS), Umiam have held a special celebration of World Soil Day as celebrated around the world.
“We as the farmers don't want to shake hands this time.
However, Meghalaya scored 2/42 for Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai and 1/24 for S Jaba.
When asked about his joining the AITC, what does he have to say as a former HYC leader on the non-inclusion of ILP in the party's election manifesto? “I am the first to raise this issue and as a party we are ready to tied table even in Parliament to pass the ILP in the state,” he said.
He said he saw in the picture inside the toilet which was only five feet high and it was impossible for it to fall in such a place.
The Integrated Health Campaign conducted by the Meghalaya Aids Control Society which started on 17th March 2023 and ended on 9th July 2024, was also informed that the people who came for screening The number of cases in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reached 6871 and according to the report, 515 cases have been confirmed and 23 cases have been newly diagnosed.
Jenebin is from Pynter village in East Khasi Hills.
“It is only because of the flood and the water shortage that this incident happened.
Now, the school has been able to provide exactly those three food items which can provide nutritious food to the children.
However, it is understood that the NPP will hold another public meeting in Pynursla when Prestone Tynsong MLA Pynursla joins the party.
Shall we say that in politics we should not be surprised? The government has sought an explanation from the principal of Jowai Government Girls School for playing the song 'Prah' on the Teachers' Day on the 5th.
Those who committed these crimes should be punished according to the law.
Shillong: The office of the Secretary to the Legislative Assembly of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has announced that the filing date for the post of Chairman and CEM will be on the 16th of this month. u Lber 2020 and those who wish to contest these elections can register.
“I cannot say whether one or two will leave the party but the truth is that many have informed me that they want to join the Congress before the elections,” he said. Four leaders from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills have expressed their willingness to contest the election from the Congress party.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Neiphiu Rio, Symbut Minister of Meghalaya and Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong and other Ministers of Electricity from the North Eastern Region.
I like your writing.
“We have come here to spread the light and it will be difficult for you if we promise now and if we cannot do so, in 2028 can you not reject us? We don't want to stay here if we can't be of benefit to you.
Speaking to reporters in the city, Bah Lamarai said that the issue of border clearance comes up only during the elections and after the elections it has disappeared without any results. .
During the meeting, IYC leaders from many groups in the state decided to succeed in terms of the campaigns held in Karnataka and the implementation plans in the four states that will long for the holding of elections this year.
If a traffic policeman or a good Samaritan sees you and calls the person on traffic duty, know that if you read the number plate in front of you, you are in danger.
The KSU has also warned that if found, those who take advantage will be severely punished and handed over to the authorities.
“I am sorry that they criticize only Bah Prestone.
He said that the existence of laws and rules of the Hima will make it easier for the Hima and gave an example that Nongstoin Hima is one of the Hima where the decision of the High Court does not work at all.
At the same time, she appealed for the cooperation of all in order to eradicate this evil drink which destroys the family and society.
Because it is our country and our land.
The Chairman of ARPA said that these rules have nothing to do with the rules of other laws or the rights of the citizens.
MePGCL also informed that after the completion of the work, the road leading to the river will be opened for vehicles weighing less than 4 tonnes.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the purpose of the meeting was to follow up on the progress of the scheme, as the need for drinking water in these villages is very important. .
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The West Khasi Students Union (WKSU) has strongly opposed the power outage by MePDCL in Nongstoin area.
"The WHO's response to this issue has greatly facilitated the prevention of the disease," said Jose Jimenez, a pharmaceutical scientist at the University of Colorado.
He said that if there had been no struggle to forcibly overthrow the Khasi Hima in Assam Province at that time, the IOA would have stood up for the independence of India and the Khasi Hills should have. has received its own state since that time.
Shillong: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Rajya Sabha Leader Derek O Brien at a rally in Jowai constituency to seek support for the TMC candidate from the Jowai Constituency. O Brien said that one vote to bring the TMC to power will ensure that all the promises written and made in the party's election manifestos will be fully implemented within 100 days. The TMC will form a government.
In November 2022, Devi went to Spain with Elangam Panthoi Chanu and played for Malaga FC in the Spanish Secondary Federation.
On the demand of the union to have its own full time office for the Civil Sub Division, Prestone said that the government has already laid the foundation stone on 13th November, The work order has been issued and the work of the Mini Secretariat will start soon.
The school is owned by Ranjan Gowda, son of Gangadhar Gowda.
Prem Union Lahore President Fiaz Ahmed Shahzad, Secretary Khizar Hayat Baig, Senior Vice President Muhammad Jameel Malik and President Haji Aziz Madi have sent a request to Railway Minister Saad Rafique and CEO Arshad Salam Khattak to discuss and implement the issue of payment of salaries to the employees.
Shillong: U Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), on his Facebook page, wrote that in honor of Prestone Tynsong, he would like to clarify: Replying to the speeches of Tynsong and Nongtraw, he said that the Meghalaya government itself is like a cowardly government, in which it has no ability to force the central government to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP). He said that the Assam government has not respected the Meghalaya government in its efforts to resolve the border issue. The HNLC has been unable to agree with the state government on the violence and killings and the looting of land.
Eligible/suitable candidates are requested to submit their applications in the prescribed format along with attested copies of certificates & testimonials, two copies of recent passport size photograph.
Momin also acknowledged that in the minds of the people, there is still hope for the BJP because Prime Minister Narendra Modi has done well for the poor.
“We have also set up a large and international badminton training center called the Dorjee Khandu Badminton Academy (DKBA) near the Lhaden Sports Academy in Chimpu.
The body of the boy has been handed over to the next of kin.
All these are only the beginning but great things lie ahead.
In Meghalaya, a 5 acre plot of land has been set up at Saitsama in West Jaintia Hills district to store the cows seized by the BSF. The State Veterinary Department will provide medical assistance if necessary.
“When we talk about the incident on the border, it is not the first time, we are not only talking about the incident at Mukroh but we also remind the incident at Langpih. He said that it will take action and act according to the law but until now we see that it is slowly slowly and we don't understand their path.
“It is only the VPP that will stand with the people on solid grounds. We have said that we cannot work with the NPP because of many unfair activities of this party. The party, we have to fix many corruption cases, we have to fix many issues but because of the rebellion of other ethnic parties we have lost the Government led by the ethnic party.
In a meeting with the Chief Minister at the Secretariat, MIPRL informed him that more than 1,50,000 households have been severely affected by the ban on coal mining.
The plaintiff also admitted that the mining activities in Mawshun were carried out by these nine companies without any permission or license.
It is learned that many of the residents of the state find it difficult to communicate with bank employees because they do not understand Kannada.
Ordering that the permanent construction should start immediately, the court said, “There should be no road or highway in the country that will allow it to be worse than this stretch of NH-6 from Welcome to Ratacherra.
Shillong, March 8: According to RTI from the Directorate of Health Services (MCH&FW), Rupang has received information that in the past two years, from 1- From 01-2011 to 10-09-2013, there were 7 Directors of Health Services (MCH&FW) who worked in this position for different years.
“He said that with the permission of the Central Government, the JJM scheme has been extended to 9 Census Towns and for this reason the number of households to receive drinking water has reached lakh.
The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, today held a meeting with the contract teachers who are on strike at his office.
The deadline for submission of entries is 20th November
But we don't follow that either.
The Assam government has also suspended 13 of these officers for not being involved in the appointment of money.
The initiative was implemented by the College of Post Graduate Studies, Umiam of the Central Agricultural University.
Meghalaya is still a state that has only a 'word' and has never achieved its targets.
Nalin Kohli said that it is for this reason that the people of these states in the North East have seen the work of the BJP government and will give victory in the elections that the party will come to power in “We want you the people of Meghalaya to allow the BJP to come to power and you will see the growth of the economy in a few years,” he said. .
Police said that at the time of her disappearance, the girl was wearing a light stem skirt, 4.6ft of white hair, a scarf on the side of her neck, iong hair and She was tall, wearing stem sandals and carrying a bag and a plastic bag.
Your age must be 12 years to 18 years, 01-04-2023, for team games: 10 years to 14 years e.g. 15 years to 18 years.
On the same day, the new body was confirmed by Bah Roland L.Marshillong I who is also an Advocate and one of the Advisers of the party.
Shillong: The North East Futsal League will be played tomorrow in the 1st division of Sawmer SC vs Lawsohtun SC and the 2nd division of Umphyrnai SC vs Sohiong SC. From 1st to 31st April, I will be in Guwahati.
“If the youth are suspended because their age will pass while the recruitment will be suspended and they may reach the age where they can no longer apply for government jobs because they are too old,” he said. said.
There are 50 patients in the hospital and 24 of them are in the intensive care unit.
The Minister also raised the issue of the incident at Orchid Lake Resort on the 6th where Sanbor Shullai interrupted the speech of the UDP Speaker and President Metbah. Lyngdoh on the violence against minorities across India.
At the same time, he will fight for the introduction of an IAS Principal Secretary in the District Council in talks with the state government. employees and other needs within the Council, said Wailad.
During these two days, training was given to the students on various issues including the Child Marriage Prohibition Act 2006 by J.Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills. Test Mary Suna, Matron Civil Hospital Khliehriat, on the Juvenile Justice Amendment Act 2021, said Ialam Sutnga, Outreach Worker DCPO, West Jaintia Hills. SD Laloo, Community Mobilizer, SSA West Jaintia Hills.
I'm going to Prah.
“Any language spoken by the people is alive and no longer spoken, it is dead,” said Prof. Majaw, giving the example of Latin spoken during the time of the Roman Empire, is one of the dead in the world.
Arkimeai Mawlong scored four goals in the 4th, 5th, 21st and 45th minutes while Bankyrshanbor Kharkongor scored one goal in the 14th minute.
He said that in a meeting held recently with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC), they had requested the government to change the blueprint slightly and they had discussed this.
In the letter, the party said there are about 65 colleges in Meghalaya affiliated to NEHU including private colleges and non-government universities.
Covenant, one of the war films directed by Jake Gyllenhaal, has been in talks since the first day of shooting. ready for a moment.
Other Khasi Himas also fought against the French until the days of the glorious death of Tirot Singh on the 17th of November,
Besides, through the joining of Bah Jason S. Mawlong and Bah Donkupar Sumer, the NPP leaders are confident that in the 2023 elections, the party will be able to reap the fruits of victory from Umsning constituency.
“There should be no misunderstanding on this issue by claiming that we have been forced by the Government of India, because in fact when we go, we come, we walk, we stand. to learn Hindi"
Wayanad, which used to be the headquarters of the Congress party, is sure to win even if Rahul contests. Rahul has told the leaders that he wants to contest from Amethi. Constituency, which is not elected.
The Second Sohra Half Marathon will be held on the 30th of November
He said that in order to overcome the backwardness, it is necessary to avoid selfishness, pointing fingers at others and other bad behaviors which cannot promote economic development in the region, but what is needed is that they should be hardworking and know how to improve their income.
In fact, the residents of the village who have BPL and AAY cards should have received 35 kilos of rice and 3 kilos of sugar ration, but the ration distributor has reduced the ration. .
Be not ye therefore like unto them: for your Father knoweth what things ye have need of, before ye ask him.
He said that as the Hima they have to take action because Bah Michael Warjri has been the office bearer of the Hima since 1965 and that our loss is that the documents are with him. The District Council has appointed another Acting Secretary, but the Secretary has not been appointed.
Qin met face-to-face with Jaishankar on Friday to attend the meeting of foreign ministers of the two member countries. The G20 summit, held in New Delhi, also comes after 34 months of incessant tensions between India and China over border issues.
Salahuddin Ahmed, the leader of the BNP in Bangladesh, was acquitted in a court today.
“Therefore, we strongly urge you to take immediate steps to identify and dismantle illegal gateways and conduct thorough investigations and punish those involved and also ensure that local traders should not be allowed to The opposition Trinamool Congress (TMC) on July 2 demanded an independent inquiry into the collapse of the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura, West. Garo Hills and to blacklist against Badri Rai and Company (BRC), which is implementing the project.
Earlier, three persons who were traveling by bus from Ajmer Sharif Dargah in Rajasthan to Silchar in Assam were reported to have contracted the disease.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma congratulated the NEC for allocating up to T.10 crore for the reconstruction of the Ïewduh.
Before the start of the I-League, Shillong, the club has signed another foreign player, Takuto Miki of Japan. He is also the fourth player the club has brought in from abroad this year.
He said that it is through the hard work of the NPP-led MDA government that Meghalaya has now risen from the bottom to the top in the full implementation of JJM in the country. whole.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has strongly criticized the Election Commission for holding up to five elections in the state. The elections, which are still pending in the state, on the grounds of the increasing number of cases of covid
“I would like to ask the NPP-led government where it has put the money allocated as salaries for the 5,000 vacancies that this government has not been able to fill,” he said. said the MLA of Umroi.
“The UCC is not yet clear because we have not even seen its signature or what is written on it,” he said.
Regarding the damage to the houses, Bah H.Wahlang Sordar of Phodumbah, while talking to this reporter, said that in Phodumbah village, the houses have been badly damaged and are no longer suitable for inhabitation. There are seven households and the names of the owners are Jibalin Nongsiej, Brialla Lyngkhoi, Memory Lyngkhoi, Emelin Lyngkhoi, Tiewarlin Nongsiej and Marista Lyngkhoi.
“Perhaps Dr Laloo's door is open only to those whom he wants to invite,” said Bah Nongsiang and added that the teachers have often gone to knock on the door but he has not opened it until they shall not come out of the field.
While the above is part of the competition in this beauty pageant, it also includes the knowledge, confidence, encouragement and compassion of the participants.
“We the states in the North East, we must be vigilant because in Manipur there is no benefit to the people but only loss, death, sorrow and grief but even the NDA led by the NDA “BJP to get to power doesn't mean that even our fellow citizens will kill, burn churches, destroy people's homes, and the people should beware of such political parties,” said the MLA. you're from Myanmar.
The Dorbar Shnong has also invited all the supporters and non-supporters to join hands to support Ma Pyrtuh in the upcoming elections.
Jowai, June 4: A 14-year-old boy has been arrested by the Saitsama Outpost under the jurisdiction of Jowai Police Station for allegedly stealing Rs 12 lakh from the house of a woman. Emidaplin Rymbai in Khanduli village.
This creates problems and misleading especially for those who lack knowledge and eventually the people fall in love with those who do not speak and this also causes problems for the people.
There are those who have learned not only to speak, but also to write Khasi.
The meeting was conducted by Rev. IW Nongsiej, Chairman of the Managing Committee and was also attended by Rev. RPL Nonglait, Director SELDD of KJP Western Synod. Rev.WC Khongwir, former Chairman of the MC, Teachers, Parents and Students.
He is risen for sure!"
The 3rd Kyrmen Shylla Contribution Trophy of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) will start today at the Artificial Turf Ground in Diengshynrum, Khliehriat.
Don't think about anything else once you've left the skei.
Understanding should be the spirit of all the Eastern States to strengthen the position of the Eastern States in the country.
Speaking to media, the NPP leaders said that the claim by the NPP leaders in Nongpoh that the NPP flag has been removed from Nongpoh is completely wrong. There is no basis for this, because as it is now, the NPP in Nongpoh Block is still standing and working hard.
The aim of this competition is to give the opportunity to young people and women to take part in this costume competition.
Dr HH Mohrmen, one of the columnists and journalists in the past and who resigned from the post of pastor of the Unitarian Church recently announced that he will contest the 2023 MLA election from Jowai Constituency.
Those whom the government considers to be opponents of its policies will be considered as obstacles to the development of the country.
Until now, there has been no celebration of Good Governance Day in the state except in the offices of the central government, he said.
The public meeting was held by JACOSOMA at Iew Maweit on Tuesday and was attended by all the political parties from the area, the elders of the area, the organizations. the elders of the people and others.
Therefore, from now on, if the village authority knows or finds anyone who illegally destroys dohum dohpnat, it will punish them according to the rules of the village.
These children are among the seven survivors of the crash of a small plane on 1st June 2023, in which the mother of the children, the pilot and another family member, The plane crashed in the middle of a forest inhabited by bseiñ, insects that have no bih, but also that has soh, seeds that are edible.
Another meeting was held on the same day at 5 pm and was attended by the MLA of the village, Sh Lahkmen Rymbui, Advisor to the Government of Meghalaya. Meghalaya Police, IG Border and BSF Meghalaya to discuss the incident.
A video of a television journalist from Afghanistan who was killed by Taliban militants was shown.
After the announcement by the Minister of Home Affairs of India, Amit Shah who is also the Chairperson of the Official Language Committee Hindi to English and to give priority to the mother tongue or mother tongue of any ethnic group who are citizens of India as a whole.
In rural areas, the supervisors will be through the Village Leaders and officials from the Agriculture Department, while in the urban areas, through the Junior Engineers and Government officials from the Ground Water/Public Health/Municipal Corporation Department. and others.
They also alleged that the ballot paper could have been stolen as it did not have any seal.
Speaking on the occasion, the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah Barikupar Wahlang said that the party has made it clear that it will be like the KHNAM party. mediator.
“How can the state government go to Delhi to ask for money when it cannot use what it has received, and this is not the basis for the central government to give money without using it,” he said.
For these reasons, it is understood that the meeting of the Congress party will be held tomorrow to discuss the issues arising within the party. The CLP meeting of the party and other issues including the leadership.
PIA spokesman Abdullah Hafeez Khan said a Malaysian court on the same day ordered the suspension and seizure of the plane.
Shillong: The Seng Samla Shnong Sohryngkham Pyllun wishes a Happy New Year to all the residents of Sohryngkham. human tip God.
You must understand how the law works.
He said that he himself will request the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister to provide sports grounds such as football and basketball courts so that the youth of the area can spend their time. they are free in sports and not in activities that will affect their health.
The CEM also informed the House that the Council needs many buildings to beautify it such as the Council Secretariat, Guest House and others. The council is small and it is difficult even to park.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest said that the victory of this young man from this international tournament shows to everyone that what others cannot do but they can do only because they trust themselves.
Donkupar said that the UDP Sengkmie has listened only to Donbok Khymdeit alone who has led to the UDP's defeat in Umsning constituency; but he, who served the constituency, was rejected.
Therefore, there is a strong sting in the rural areas to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the Government.
The meeting was attended by the Deputy Commissioner, BDO, Betasing C&RD Block, the State Team of ECDM, experts and trainers from various departments. different in Ampati on Saturday.
In the letter, many demands were expressed, one of the most important is to upgrade the PHC to a CHC as the population has reached 40,0 The PHC used to receive 50 OPD patients and 20 pregnant women every month which has created a lot of problems due to the lack of adequate rooms.
“We will import piat if there is supply and demand so that we can keep the price,” said Sharma.
In particular, the Unit has warned all those contractors who have been employed in the north that they should not bring bills from foreigners, but should bring bills from their relatives. The unit will consider another option, said a statement from Samla Ryan Nongdhar.
Shillong: The KSU South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has demanded that the government should immediately improve the preparedness for the COVID-19 pandemic and also on the health improvement in the district.
“This attack by the police cannot delay us as arseng seng to serve the nation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15 : The High Court of Meghalaya has directed the state government to enact rules and regulations for the construction of any buildings to protect the waters of the state in the future. .
Bah Let immediately gave orders to go and find the Rangbah Shnong.
Another problem is the lack of understanding by the leaders and officers of the Government of India of the non-party system of governance in the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima, which has delayed the preparation and implementation of the These agreements shall be as set out in the Instruments of Accession and Annexed Agreement.
The blessings that God gives us through the environment cannot be counted alone.
Because of the behavior of these foreigners has frightened many people at this time when the government has imposed a curfew to prevent the spread of Corona virus, but they have been able to enter with the The residents of the area have been increasingly suspicious and have caused more and more complaints against the police department. KSU Upper Shillong Circle General Secretary Samla Shelkitbok Kharbani said that the government is ready to cooperate with the government authorities to prevent the spread of this disease.
The amount allocated is about T.30-31 crore,” he said.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The MIPRL has decided to hold a silent march on Tuesday 30th of this month in Shillong. starting from Ground No-2 onwards, from 10 pm to protest against the orders of the National Green Tribunal (NGT), on the land and mineral resources affected by the The Khasi, Jaintia and Garo Hills.
The NPP has clarified that Bah Teibor has worked well for the poor and for the people. The party has been able to contest from Mawlai Constituency.
Shillong, November 29: The Village Administration Bill of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) is still in the Law and Justice Department of the Union Government after the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent it to review the provisions.
Shillong: The number of cases of corona virus in the state has risen to 19 so far, after 2 cases from Goa and 2 cases from Goa and Maharashtra, has reported the disease.
This is like pouring new wine into old wineskins.
When inquiring about the election results in Lum Garo, the media said that the election results have been more stable for the NPP and UDP, while the Congress has said that it has been more stable. ju long in the last elections.
The incident happened in Sukinda, where Ramakant Patra, 27, went to work with his wife on Tuesday. In the dining room, he was a little disappointed, when he didn't get to eat dohblang, which was the jyntah he was looking forward to, on that day.
Shillong: As soon as the curfew hours started at 5 pm, a truck was hit by a stone in Mawlai, the incident happened at 5 pm in parts of Mawlai.
Thus the Sadducees wanted to hold on to the rule of the kingdom by bringing them closer and closer to the emperors of the Roman Empire.
What does this statement mean? There is a time, and the time happens to what the Lord Jesus said.
Only group-B has four teams, while the others have five.
However, we don't know whether the government ministers, government officers, when they walk and stand, come and go these days, whether they count the petrol bill, the walking bill and others. and at the same time, the same question is whether the State Government has paid the Dorbar Shnongs, when They carry this lyngkor, or perhaps they work voluntarily (where even the fee for drinking and drinking during the meeting is paid from the village funds) and if so, it shows clearly. He said that the fight against the coronavirus is empty-handed on the part of the people.
This was achieved through Daukimiki Dkhar.
On the part of JICA, Saito said it will provide assistance for the development of the region in collaboration with the Government of India.
The annual revenue of the state government from coal is estimated at T.700 crore and this is the money used in the payment of salaries to government employees of government departments. State, in addition to the payment of taxes of District Councils and others.
He also expressed the need for projects to develop the small villagers and expressed his gratitude to the Urban Affairs Department and the Government for their support to implement this new project in Khliehtyrshi. .
Speaking on the occasion, Ms.Pratima Harite, Head of Philanthropy & CSR, Lenovo Asia Pacific said, “Technology that is suitable for all people is Lenovo's public service as well as the business management.
Then he went to the fish market, the jhur market and so on. He went to the market and came back to Mothpran (RB Store), where he left at 1 pm.
Mid-term elections will also be held in 26 constituencies along with the Lok Sabha elections.
David said, “Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thy hands” (Psalm 102:25).
The award is in writing and a cash prize of T.15,0
“We are surprised by this action of the UDP,” said Bah Latiplang.
After the increase in the number of robbery and rape of women and children in West Khasi Hills, Bah HM Shangpliang said that they have demanded that the SP should cooperate with the District Commissioner to conduct a Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there are 42 cases of violence against women in West Khasi Hills. They shall submit the reports of all cases to the Meghalaya Assembly Committee on Women Empowerment.
Niawki Phawa scored the first goal for Lion SC in the 59th minute and D.Dkhar scored the second goal for Tpeppale in the 40th minute.
It was during this incident during the tenure of CEM KHADC, Bah Bindo Lanong, that the revenue collection gates were within the border of Meghalaya and not as alleged by Assam. to their border.
The Office of the District Medical and Health Officer, East Khasi Hills, will conduct the Intensified Pulse Polio Immunization Program (IPPI) 2024 from 9 am to 5 pm at various places have been arranged across the district.
This was held during the MDC election campaign campaign of the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
“They say I will do this, I will do that, I will do this or that, but when they enter the courtroom they are silent.
In a statement, Bristar Mawthoh, Finance Secretary, Pommura Dorbar Shnong, said that in fact, the Village Authority together with the Village Youth Wing, FKJGP and KSU have met with the SDO to resolve the issue as soon as possible. He promised to do so soon but until now it has not reached anywhere.
Several employees in Jaintia Hills have formed a new union known as the All Jaintia Labor Union with the aim of looking after the welfare of the people. to provide for all the needs of the household by working a day's wages.
It is learned that the body of Bah Marshall has burnt down and started turning into water.
The Minister congratulated all those involved in the completion of the project, including the architects, engineers and the construction team.
The biggest Behdeiñkhlam in Jaintia Hills which is held every year by the Seiñraij Tuber will start from the 14th to the 17th of this month at Tuberkmaishnong.
TUR stands for an independent country and for all to live freely and the entire region is home to hundreds and thousands of ethnic groups with their own cultures and customs and traditions. TUR demands that they should be respected and respected and not enslaved and converted to Hinduism in the entire region.
Many said that Mukul Sangma's defeat would be a mistake for him to raise it at a time when the sympathy of the people for the death of PA Sangma is still strong.
The 4th Olympic Day Run in Shillong has received the support of many leaders to encourage the participants to give their best and to instill the spirit of the Olympics to achieve the goal, to be friends and also to respect the sport in a clean way.
Jeffrey Nongsiej from Bhoiryngbong, Gary Kynshikhar from West Khasi Hills, Rikupar Syiemlieh from South West Khasi Hills, Bobby Shangdiar from Shella and Diaphika Lymba from War Jaintia.
And one thing that struck me was the word.
The various churches are indeed like schools to provide spiritual nourishment to all believers, but it has been seen that this purpose has not been achieved as it should be. Many Christians do not know that principle. of the Word of God and that is why when trouble comes many actions and speeches arise.
These are the same Kharbangla who have robbed and injured our people in War Jaintia, the government should have taken strong action, to avoid the problems that will arise later.
Regarding the public toilets and garbage dumps in Malangsu market, he said that he will provide assistance from his side to provide these needs to the market dwellers as soon as possible. a clean and tidy town and market.
The Minister said that he will discuss this issue with the Finance Commission to prepare measures to address the problems faced by the Autonomous District Councils and Dorbar Shnongs in relation to the receipt of financial assistance so that Good works will be continued for the development of the villages in this state.
Before confirming the new office bearers of FKJGP Shillong City, President FKJGP Shillong City, Bah Dundee Cliff Khongsit, President FKJGP Sengkmie, explained the principles and objectives of the party. He also urged the members to have a brave spirit that is not afraid, not limited to the FKJGP. He warned that the members of the party should never be selfish.
Therefore, the union has punished these perpetrators according to the rules and regulations laid down with the strong understanding that in the future if found again, the union will use other stricter rules and regulations. to be brought before the Village Authorities or the authorities of the Law.
They don't need to say as we say, “If a Khasi woman marries a foreigner, a foreigner, a foreigner, she should follow that foreigner.
“I believe that this allegation by the UDP is wrong, they should not blame the present government, and those who should be blamed here are the people in the old government in which it was involved. to keep the debt for decades.
However, after the arrangement, he said that there have been other MDCs who have turned away and are now in power.
Nature is the closest friend of man and no one can live without nature, namely trees, plants, water, sunlight and air.
What is needed now is that the government should have a policy that works and not just keep it in the cupboards of government offices if it wants the youth and the country to really have the opportunity to shape their lives. .
Although the school has received the Grade 'A' status from the NAAC, it has become one of the best universities in the Northeast in terms of providing education to the youth. The Vice Chancellor of the university, said that he still has a plan to achieve the A++ rank by 2026 and that the university will become one of the world's leading universities. other.
The Degree Certificate of Wanri Jyrwa from Nongmynsong to Nongrah, wrapped in plastic bag with Roll No.
In addition, after completing his studies in Rome, he served as an Assistant Priest in the Diocese of Cosenza, Italy from 2010 to
These members of the FKJGP conducted a search of trading licenses on Friday last month for non-tribals.
The Government initially did not give permission to the Christians to hold the carol march this year due to the outbreak of covid-1 Because other types of programs which have a crowd are allowed by the government while the Christmas carol is banned by the government.
He too was a man of courage, determination and courage.
Dr. Vijay Kumar D, LAS, Commissioner & Secretary, Finance, Planning and Others, will also be the Project Director of the Sustainable Tourism Enhancement Project funded by the Asian Development Agency. Bank (ADB).
Dr Careen said that the loss of their brother who was nearby in many cases when the brothers needed his advice will be a loss that no one can fill.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the Congress' decision to show that they respect the position of the Governor. rituals of the country.
On the other hand, the MBOSE has directed all schools in the state to check the mark sheets and if there are any differences they should send them to the MBOSE for checking.
Most of the old cars got new number plates; clearly indicating the violations.
The owner of the vehicle, registered as Rajib Bhomuk, resident of Goraline, Laitumkhrah, could not be found at his residence and police are conducting investigation to arrest him.
Shillong, 01: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan today congratulated the Gujarati and Marathi people on the occasion of the Independence Day of Gujarat and Maharashtra. Gujarat and Maharashtra.
“Bah Nongrum has admitted that he has raised his hand many times but the Lamphang has not allowed him to take part but has announced that the Legislative Assembly will discuss the matter again later.
According to a statement issued by Bah Finely Pariat, Secretary of the Meghalaya Athletic Association, the Meghalaya Athletic Association (MAT) has expressed its regret that the selected children have not been able to take part. open up opportunities for children to participate.
He said the government has made great efforts to promote sports in the last two years despite the COVID-19 pandemic, by resuming the Meghalaya Games and the National Table Tennis Championship. It was an opportunity for the young players who showed their skills.
Nongpoh, July 24: Byrnihat has been awarded the title of the most polluted place in India by the MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun. On Tuesday, he met with government officials to discuss and develop ways and means to reduce the production of waste which can affect the health of the people.
The Association said that the dancer is currently being trained by Punit, one of the judges of the competition.
Referring to the NPP, its leaders said that in previous programmes, leaders of other political parties who supported its candidate have delivered public speeches during the election campaign. , and in the remaining four days, they said that they have arranged a special program in Tura where BJP leaders from Delhi will deliver speeches including the Union Ministers Jual Oram, Kiren Rijiju, Sonowal, Nalin Kohli and others.
Shillong, March 29: Hundreds of members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) will leave Shillong on Tuesday to leave for Delhi to take part in the upcoming protest. on the 1st, November, 2023 at Jantar Mantar as part of the demand for the Central Government to implement the three demands of the people of Meghalaya.
The meeting also discussed the post of MDC in KHADC which has elected Bah J. Reenbohn and also on the post of MDC in GHADC which has elected Conrad Sangma. The proposal should be accepted in accordance with the AD Rules, instead of violating the rules of the election of MDCs.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The MBOSE has postponed the examination for Science and Technology from 30th November to 2013 after the questions of Class IX students were stolen again this year. on the 4th of November.
The office said that the damage to the water pipes has affected the supply of water to the villages in the Sohra area.
He said that in fact these lands which fall under the Hima Nonglang and Nongbak-Aking are not included in the MoU and that the mistake was in the drawing of the map which includes Armalang, Malang Sarbari and Malang. Joypur and said that the government has said that it will try to recover these villages.
Noting that the state government is also fighting hard for the release of their salaries which should come from the central government, the Minister said that they understand how much difficulty faced by the teachers because that shah set salary many many months.
The family members of the deceased urge anyone who has seen or has any information about the deceased to call the following numbers:
One of the greatest challenges facing mankind is the population.
At the time of publication, no one has been able to determine the cause of death at the scene.
Conrad Sangma has appointed 1000 teachers.
Grand Master Mitrba Guha brought the sharak and handed it over to the Chief Guest Dr LR Bishnoi, DGP of Meghalaya.
During the meeting, the DC of WJHD promised to take action on this issue and informed that no revenue will be collected from this area while the boundary clearance is in progress.
On the other hand, the Cabinet has also approved two shaka which operate without paying taxes to the Government to operate by paying license and permit fees.
MLA Comingone Ymbon will witness the program as the chief guest.
What is more surprising is that the candidates during the elections use women and mothers to go home and urge their fellow mothers to vote for that candidate and that party.
The party cannot just listen and be mere spectators or observers on the streets.
New Delhi: The MLA elections in Assam will be held in three phases.
The Forum also requests the Government that during their inspection of Block-1, they should not only visit Khanduli, Mukroh, Psiar or neighboring villages but should visit the most remote villages. and those of Block-1 who should be re-transferred back to Meghalaya,” said the statement.
NeVA will immediately abolish the process of sending information/requests for the collection of information in relation to various matters.
It is surprising because in one year I have completed up to three grades namely Class A Small, Class A High and Class B because I have grown too high in the class and at the same time I have finished writing. beyond the ABKD and 123 books.
Furthermore, they said that they have heard that there are many scientists in the field of agriculture and horticulture, but they have never seen them come to the villages to train them. farmers or to examine the death of sying and kwai trees.
Shillong, July 05 : The Meghalaya State League 2023 has now reached the semifinals, where Mawlai will face Khliehmawlieh Youth Club while Rangdajied will face Rangdajied. Shillong Lajong, which is still the last team in the MSL, was played on Monday evening.
Conrad said the NPP has also proposed the name of a candidate for the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly and he is in talks with his colleagues in the MDA-2 the approval of the people.
The Waheh Shnong of Mukhla Nongrim, Muhon Sari, said that this allegation is groundless.
In the second half, Laban's struggle was more interesting but Laban's ball didn't match and before the end of the match, Ryntih managed to score. Devinroy Nongspung scored the third goal in the 90+1 minute for Ryntih.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has closed down several shops of foreigners operating and trading illegally without permits. The pages are not available in the Keating Road area.
He said that they cannot deny the fact that the population of Khasi-Jaintia is higher than the population of Garo Hills.
“During the spread of Covid-19, NEEPCO officials were operating from Guwahati but now that the pandemic has subsided, these officials are still operating from Guwahati. ".
The desire to win the election is too much to lose.
He also praised the people of Gujarat for their ability to hold such a big tournament in a short period of time.
Taking medication: Taking medication can interfere with the body's functions and cause stomach problems.
Babu Kular Khongjirem Every year on the 1st Sunday of Feb, the Seng Khasi holds a climb to Lum Sohpetbneng, one of the sacred mountains of the country. Khasi-Jaintia people.
The Cabinet meeting today decided to increase the budget from T.205 crore to T.455 crore for the use of the funds for the needs of various departments.
The police officer in charge of the out post phoned her and said that the police would come to her village to investigate the incident and ordered her to attend.
The JSM, after the announcement of the 21 day lockdown by the Prime Minister and the imposition of a curfew in West Jaintia Hills from 24-28th of this month, has urged the shopkeepers and consumers to be orderly. The government has directed us to wear masks and to try to stay away from crowded places.
Besides, the education authorities should also visit these schools because although they are central government schools, they are inside the state and most of the students are from outside the state. “If they do too much, they will be able to do what is necessary,” said Bah Sawkmie.
Those who attended the event included students, teachers as well as Sr.
Shillong, Nailar 29: Congress MDC Banteidor Lyngdoh (Paidang) will not contest from the Congress party in the 2018 MLA elections in Mawkynrew Constituency. as it is now, they have turned their backs on the Congress party.
At the Newlife De Addiction Centre, Mawlai Mawroh, he handed over the work order for the construction of a shelter for the youth who are treated for drugs, alcohol and other illnesses at Mawlai Mawroh. Pastor MM Iangrai, in the presence of Pastor L.Nongrud, Pastor RT Shangdiar, youth and others.
Churchgoers in the United States have refused to greet and shake hands because of the lack of opinion from the pastors who lead the churches, fearing that there will be no conflict. you have Coronavirus.
The fete was inaugurated by Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, one of the candidates for the MLA election 2018 from Shella Constituency and also the Congress candidate from Shella Constituency. MLA was elected in
Moving the Call Attention Motion, Bah Mawsor said that the dismissal of him has affected the family.
When asked whether there is any sign that they will talk to the government in these days, Bah Blah said, “We don't have any way to find a way”.
Where will the nation go if the people in charge do not see what is right or wrong?
The turnout of the people was very large because they were waiting for the victory of the candidates they supported but thousands of them did not have the spirit of respect for the candidates. The fire was especially intense in the morning because all those who came on this day were broken without finding anything and didn't care anymore.
Our souls will also live and find peace beyond description.
On the other hand, the KJBA has also accused the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma of not taking any action to look into and talk to the Assam government on the issue faced by the cow traders.
He said the MDA government will work hard to find ways and means to resolve the issues related to the metor issue, the beautification of the Barik Point and also the border issue.
Therefore, the Congress party, in order to empower women and longkmie, has once again revised its jubanlak or election promises if it comes to power. The organization has also set a target to assist women in employment, to provide financial assistance to the citizens of the state through the Free Health Care Scheme. T.3000 to mothers with children from poor families below the Below Poverty Line (BPL), to send girls to school from primary to class 12 to open up opportunities the way for girls to achieve their dreams and aspirations.
I don't know how to carry tar.
Before the handover ceremony, a short meeting was held by the President Western Region, Chanbor Sungoh. Nida Dkhar GS JSM Women's Wing, Ribok Biam GS Laskein, and others with a greeting from Fortunate Suiam President Laskein Circle.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has already said that the issue will be discussed at the Cabinet meeting as well as the MDA meeting and the meeting of all political parties.
If the leaders of Assam can do or show by saying that Khatkasla, Saba and Mukroh fall within the border of Assam, the question is, does Meghalaya still have the right to do so? places.
Light is the most important thing in human life.
We expect the Nongshynshar of the Syiem u Kmie to hold fast to the customs and traditions because it is the customs and traditions that make them Syiem.
This has brought more happiness and improved the livelihood of the people.
He said that he has problems while cycling from Shillong to Mawthadraishan and one of these problems is the cold especially when he reaches Kynshi area, which has made it difficult for him to load his gear and not to eat. food is also not available because of the cold.
He completed his Indian School Certificate from St. Edmund's School in 1971 and graduate from St. Edmund's College in 1976. He also studied International Studies at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi.
“We want the State Government when it has issued an order to implement it.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who received 97,000 votes as the HSPDP candidate in the 2009 MP election, has admitted that there are two political parties which have decided to support him, KHNAM and HSPDP. He said that on the request of the UDP not to contest the 2014 MP election, the Pastor said that there was no face-to-face talk with him, but he said that in July Last year, he met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh at his residence in Mawprem, where he requested the UDP not to nominate a candidate.
He said that only the NPP-led government is willing to take and decide many issues which other governments in the past years have not been willing to do for many reasons.
Chhetri, who was playing for Mohun Bagan, where Subrata Bhattacharya was the coach of the club at the time, had a relationship with Subrata's daughter. which thou hast brought forth now.
Speaking to reporters after the opening of the special session of the KHADC, Pynshngaiñ said that this is not the first time that the KHADC has sent a person whom the entire session of the KHADC wants to appoint. He said that it happened in 1972 as an MDC.
In this regard, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that as of 3rd July 2021, it has been reported that up to 50% of the students have enrolled in the states that have already issued a vaccine to protect themselves from Covid-1
The Chairman of IDBL, while talking to media, said that these seedlings planted in this area have been planted by the people of this village, within these five months they have planted up to 25000 trees. Today, more than 20,000 trees have been planted in this area.
He said that all drivers should follow the rules laid down by the DC RiBhoi. 4 (Saw) shaka vehicles should carry only 3 (Three) passengers.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Ri Bhoi District has expressed its strong opposition to the demand of the Lalung (Tiwa) people who do not consider themselves to be minorities and to be recognized as Schedule Tribes.
The foundation of schools is to prepare and train people to become employees which we have not changed the way schools work until now, this is one of the main reasons why we are like this.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla took part in the flag raising ceremony and salute.
Speaking at the meeting, former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Justine Dkhar, said that the foundation stone laying ceremony at Bataw shows that the people also support good deeds and urged them to get This scheme is not an easy task for the leader to follow up, to ask, to request the Prime Minister and the Minister of PWD, for that reason as the people of the area. They should be grateful for this opportunity to build and maintain the road and urged the people to give their support to Bah Kyrmen Shylla so that he can reach his goal. in which he will be able to complete other schemes which have to be completed and which are pending.
Every state has a cadre or group of IAS officers except for some states which do not have a joint cadre such as Assam-Meghalaya cadre, Manipur-Tripura, Arunachal Pradesh-Mizoram. cadre, the examination for IAS officers is held once a year.
Speaking on the case of the person who tested positive for Covid-19 from Keating Road, Hek said that the person had gone to Bihar before the lockdown and returned on the 1st of November. She was under quarantine and tested positive today.
It is not surprising that there have been cases where teachers have refused to let schools know that their children are studying in any school because they cannot afford to pay school fees for months.
Modi was speaking at an election preparation meeting in Uttar Pradesh today.
He said there was no need to convene a special session to discuss the CAB as the government had already taken a decision against it.
Lajong have done well in the tournament so far by scoring the most points in Group C with six points.
Answering a question from the village leaders of the area, especially regarding the burial of those who died due to COVID-19, the DMHO of Ri Bhoi, said that The village leaders should not be afraid, because the deceased person can no longer spread the disease, but they should think about themselves, that is, they should not be shngain, but they should Wear masks as well as gloves or handkerchiefs to protect yourself from any infection.
Balming Lyngkhoi scored the first goal for Pyndengrei SC from the penalty spot in the 21st minute.
Representatives of the workers and vendors madanvi.
Charak tied well especially from spin bowling and scored 52 runs off 42 balls including three fours and three sixes.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that this increase in expenditure is due to the Government's intention to hold the National Games.
In this age of light and technology, however, the belief in the Khasi Pnar until today in the cultivation of blai iung, taro, thlen, bih, kynbat has remained strong and has confused many in society. .
The Laitumkhrah Dorbar Shnong Pyllun has lodged a complaint at the Laitumkhrah Police Station and the complaint has been taken as a Supplementary FIR. Vivek said that during the investigation, a team of police led by the OC of Laitumkhrah recovered the vehicle from the vehicle manufacturing factory at Laitkor Kyntonmon.
These figures are based on data collected by 28 Population Based Cancer Registries (PBCRs) and 58 Hospital Based Cancer Registries (HBCRs). ) are available throughout India.
It is also alleged that according to the RTI, it has mentioned that Bah A Lakiang who works as Under Secretary and Kong A Nongsiej who works as Steno Grade II, although they are not full time employees. however, they were confirmed and promoted without following the appointment rules.
“We are sad to inform you that the worst affected districts are East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi District in the past two days where three persons have lost their lives,” he said. message.
On the same day, the staff of Childline, East Jaintia Hills District also distributed masks to 40 children of Khahnar village.
Other speakers on the occasion were some of the new members of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in the presence of parents and youth of Rangthong-Mawthynrew.
He said that this is the first time that Khasi films will be screened at the festival, and other foreign films will also be screened.
Mazid Ali, 22, son of Sahabuddin SK, of Bhatipetla, Tamahat.
On the other hand, the Supreme Court has already approved to provide security measures for Akhil Gogoi to be released from arrest until the 24th of this month.
Is the incarnation of the Son of God and the joy on this day misleading and misleading to others because they were not those people who understood that he was born in the “And she brought forth her firstborn son, and wrapped him in swaddling clothes, and laid him in a manger; because there was no room for them in the inn. in the house.
Besides thousands of people, the Governor of Meghalaya, Leaders of various Sein Raij especially the Sein Raij Jowai, DCs, Bah WRLyngdoh and A.Kr.
He said that the High Court has called a tender for the inspection.
The amazing benefits of this plant for health.
Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat Ummulong Presbyterian HS School 2-1
The Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has celebrated the progress made in empowering the youth through the YESS Meghalaya program and the formulation of the Sports Policy.
However, it was learned that some farmers in some parts of the state are using these fertilizers, especially to increase the production of crops such as rice, cucumber, sohsaw and phulkubi. they are the ones who grow in the state.
Because we live in a snor thapbawa that we cannot walk alone.
There are not many nurses who have completed their studies and are living at home in our state.
However, I have already made it clear to them that we will decide together and that the people will inform and explain where we are going”.
“The Government wants this protest to end and if there is a violence there will be a violence and if there is a violence, the Government will not be happy.
“There are teachers who get too many marks, and those who don't fight pass and the codes are wrong,” he said. They cannot stop the operation of NIOS in Laitumkhrah.
Not only that, it is reported that these shrieh, have started eating each other's flesh and this is due to the lack of food or the lack of food, due to the refusal of people to visit them. There are no places in this country.
He said this while explaining the demand of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) that the government should not believe in the demands and rules laid down by the Harijan Panchayat Committee. First.
The people of Rambrai and the state as a whole will remember these steps taken by the party.
She will continue to train in Spain for about six months before moving to Stuttgart, Germany on the 16th of this month.
The Court said that in 2022, while hearing a case, it suddenly found that although the Reservation Policy has been implemented in Meghalaya since July 1972, it has not been implemented. don't even have a roster.
Ranisha Syiemlieh passed away on the night of 23rd July 2024 at NEIGHRIMS Hospital Shillong.
The whole world celebrates Christmas as the day of the incarnation of the Son of God into this world.
“Why are you happy?” asked the mother. “How come you don't understand?” Kynsai said lyngnoh and threw the mule near the strong shawla.
Shillong, Naitung, 02: U Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh, u Babu Mayborn Lyngdoh, has lamented while addressing his fellow teachers who have left their homes and children and taken part in the protest. The Federation of All School Teachers (FASToM) has held a meeting to discuss the issue.
HFU West Jaintia Hills General Secretary Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew and HFU West Jaintia Hills President Mutshwa Thabah visited the Deputy Commissioner after a face-to-face meeting with the farmers in Barato village. Mukhroh village on the 1st of this month.
However, in these times, the lyngkor has become increasingly strong; In the household he cannot fight, The family of the people has ruled.
The Budget Session of the 1st Legislative Assembly will begin on Tuesday with the Governor's address to the members of the 1st Legislative Assembly.
Expressing this unacceptable statement, the party groups said that there are more than one candidate who has qualified in Garo Hills and who has completed the required studies (GNM). and BSc Nursing).
In fact, on 11/01/2020, which was held at Kuliang, the office bearers of the 6 Shnongs did not inform me as the Waheh Shnong Umkiang, because the Dorbar Shnong Umkiang also supports the to 6 villages.
Joy to the world.
Shillong: The Barcelona fans today donated a charity football match to the Sanctuary of Hope Children's Home in Baniun Upper Shillong. .
There have been 72 recoveries from the coronavirus in the state today.
In other countries that have become bright and prosperous, it is the students who create jobs and their country will grow and become rich.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla congratulated the leaders of AHOR for taking the initiative to hold such a tournament with the aim of showcasing the driving skills of the youth in The state is on the roads, which is one of the sports that is played abroad and even abroad.
Shillong: A khar bylla, was shot dead in Sohra yesterday and was taken to the Civil Hospital, Shillong, with serious injuries.
Shillong: Speaking to the BJP workers, U Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the Congress party does not have the issue of bringing about the development of the people of the state. election MP
“With this decision of the Cabinet, Adhoc teachers in Higher Secondary Schools will now receive a salary of 33,000 tyngka per month, Secondary teachers will receive 29,000 tyngka per month and Science teachers will receive 31,000 tyngka per month.
The Sohkha Mission has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the MDC of the area who is willing to donate to the residents at this time when the world is facing difficulties in the fight against the spread of COVID-1
The chairman is headed by an officer in the rank of Additional Chief Engineer while the Executive Engineer is the Member Secretary.
They are these:-the kiaw ki kthaw don't like me because I've been drinking for a long time now I've left for about two years and I don't touch it immediately I've decided to ask you but the kiaw ki kthaw want to release me I don't know if it costs money or not to do this please tell me.
Howbeit the Most High (God) dwelleth not in temples made with hands; as saith the prophet.
On the other hand, the supporters of various candidates carried their flags and also shouted the symbol of the candidate whom they are leading to contest the election 2023 from the 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi District.
According to Bah Blah, the Rangbah Shnongs are ready to take other measures if the government led by Prime Minister Mukul Sangma does not believe in the rally.
The Jews or Israelites lost their salvation.
The Mawlai Town Durbar (MTD) urges the KHADC and the Meghalaya State Government to expedite the consideration and decision on these issues so that the Paid Khasi Pnar will not be left in the shadows.
The Chief Minister also presented the Kayakalp Award to the public health facilities for bringing about cleanliness in collaboration with the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan. two district hospitals of Williamnagar and Ampati, two community health centers of Mawphlang and Sohiong and three primary health centers of East Khasi Hills including Laitryngew, Laitlyngkot and Mawsahew PHC. On this occasion, the President's Police Medal, Police Medal, Fire Service Medal and Governor's Police Medal were also awarded to the police.
Similarly, if the schools are not adequate, there are not enough teachers or the government cannot appoint teachers, the education of the children will be affected.
According to one pastor, these women have been insulted by the higher authorities, and who are the higher authorities?, asked Agnes.
The Waheh Shnong of Lumbangla, Ma Heiplanmi Lyndoh has lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District on the allegation that the police have not done anything about the shooting and injury of the villagers of Lumbangla. NOC to set up Coke Factory in this village.
The increase in wealth comes in the form of economic development, in the form of the Khasi not being able to work, in the form of sending foreigners to live, farm and farm in the areas. border and more remote areas and to look after the land and from this trick our rulers can collect taxes from them.
Shillong, July 01 : The Minister of State for PWD (Building) and MLA of Mawhati Constituency, Dasakhiat Lamare, has expressed his confidence to win from Nongkrem. Constituency.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah promised to take action on this issue and to send the authorities to look into this matter and said that he will also hold a meeting with the senior officers of the party. East Jaintia Hills District to take the necessary action.
But this too went to waste as well because no one cared.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (HFU) through different blocks in Khasi Jaintia Hills District has elected about 300 members of the 1st Meghalaya Farmers Parliament (MMFP) to attend the 4th and 5th Dorbar. November 2018 in Shillong.
Shillong: Father Surendra Kumar Kanher (48), of Visitation Parish, Lumshnong, was taken to MCH Hospital, Jowai on Tuesday morning at 11.30 am. afternoon
On this occasion, many farmers from all over India were honored for their knowledge and skills in the field of agriculture and livestock.
Furthermore, Bah Thomas said that Sub-rule (3) Rule 5 of the Environment (Protection) Rules, 1986 prohibits new projects or the rehabilitation of old projects according to their impact on the environment. The Public Hearing held on Friday has violated the EIA because it does not appear that the Pollution Board has invited or requested written comments from those who oppose or wish to comment on the proposal. The hearing on that day was also illegal as those who opposed it were banned from participating in the hearing.
He stated that the problem is the shortage of staff.
Look at the records of the AICC, people who are 95 years old are also Prime Ministers and they are skilled MRs,” he said.
Chief Guest Saron Pasweth MDC Jowai South who is also a resident of Panaliar was present and distributed the prizes to the winners along with the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar Riquoma RQ Laloo, General Secretary of Careme Phawa and others.
They are (1) "As for the Presbyterian Church which has more than 7 lakh members..." (2) Inviting together with other church groups we don't go anymore..."The anger of the pastors against Conrad is right because he just stopped suddenly.
Speech was also delivered by the General Secretary, Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew who stressed on the need for the farmers to stand united and expressed his satisfaction with the initiative of some of the leaders. farmers of Ribhoi.
“We also want to establish Medical and Engineering Colleges where the youth of the state will have the opportunity to study doctors and engineers in their own state instead of going abroad.
Suddenly, while we were talking about this, a slow earthquake came from the river.
What has happened until now is that the Jews as the indigenous people have not had a Temple since 70 AD. The Muslims did not own this place because they believed that they descended from Ishmael son of Abraham from Hagar, the mother of a slave in Egypt.
Perhaps there are only a few who know and understand the origins of FKS and Dist.
It is not I who say this, it is the facts before us that explain.
“It is not for any political reason or the lack of funds of the government but we don't want the salaries of the Prime Minister and the Principal Secretary to increase because they have received many gifts,” he said. .
If this happens, it shows that there is no census of the villages in the rural areas especially like Phudkroh which is tens and hundreds of kilometers away from Shillong.
Peter Lyngdoh scored the most important goal for the team in the 82nd minute and Debaspar Rani scored the second and final goal in the minutes before the end of the first half. in the 98th minute of the second half.
In fact, we should give 90% to the people inside the state and 10% to the people outside the state so that the rest of the people in our state can get jobs.
According to the Election Department, 4686 persons with disabilities have registered to vote in Meghalaya.
I don't keep dogs or guard my house, the public is free to enter even my bedroom, kitchen, office so that they can express themselves. problems face to face with me," he said.
They starred together in the hit film "Crash Landing on You," which is also a beautiful and popular film in South Korea and around the world. In the film, Son plays Yoon Se-ri, who inherits her family's wealth from the sewing industry and meets Hyun, or Jeong Hyeok, is a North Korean soldier.
She was last seen wearing blue jeans, a blue blouse and blue sandals before she disappeared.
However, we see that in the past 50 years there has been no such work on the part of the MLAs of the Opposition.
However, the club said it has the right to appeal against the new penalty to the Sports Guarantee Board and the club hopes. that the counting of prices shall be completely abolished in the next few days.
He said the appointment of young lawyers would affect the government as they would find it difficult to plead the case.
Hello.
On the other hand, the students and others, also carried placards expressing their sorrow over the incident and calling for peace to return to the state soon.
In the meeting, the Minister of PHE, Bah Samlin, immediately sent a committee to look into the matter and this has given hope to the union that perhaps the present government will take immediate action. Thomas Passah, President of KHNAM Youth Wing, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Thomas Passah President of KHANM Youth Wings said that since Meghalaya got its own state in 1972, the residents of these two areas of Nongphyllut Dolloiship and Pangam Raliang has submitted petitions to the governments of these two states regarding the lack of justice in Assam but no action has been taken yet. the decision on this point.
Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : The Sengbhalang groups fighting for the ILP and also to prevent the illegal influx of mynder into the state have expressed their strong anger against the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government for not allowing the ILP to be implemented. The Entry & Exit Points have not been set up yet in the State.
And it is also obvious that the decline in the economy has also made tens of millions of people unemployed.
Although the rain was heavy on this day, the children were happy and excited to play, along with the presence of their relatives.
Furthermore, the party has promised to provide relief to all residents by paying the Social Welfare Pension of T.1,000 per month (T.12,000 per year), to double the financial assistance to the disabled, to the widows, and to the fatherless.
The news which he had learned prompted him to consult Riew Said, so that very next day he got up early in the morning and prepared himself.
“Our main goal is to improve the infrastructure and facilities in terms of sports so that the youth can get the opportunity to showcase their talents,” he said.
Due to the continued demand from many HWCs, Sub Centers across the country to appoint more doctors, the NHM Meghalaya has appointed 18 more Medical Officers and Specialists in the District Hospitals to ensure that the Health care will reach the patients in the most remote areas at no cost.
At the same time it is interesting to know that our ancestors may have been the founders of the Indus Valley Civilization.
The number of cases on board the Japanese ship has risen to
Speaking to media, Samla Everjoy Nongpluh said that as a party that stands for the welfare of the people, it is filled with a spirit of sorrow and the reason is that the party has found They have their own eyes on the deterioration of the road from Bhoirymbong to Khyndewso and from Nongthymmai to Mawbsein.
He also warned that the Board will take penalties if the schools fail to comply with this guideline.
The Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Charles Marngar, who is also the MDC of Mawhati constituency, said that in the last four and a half years, while sitting in the opposition, all the CEMs who have left but no one took the initiative to go down to the border to listen to the complaints of the people.
All the seized items, including cigarettes and kyiad worth T.35,92,800, were handed over to the Custom Preventive Force Champhai for further investigation.
In a statement issued by the President, Samla Dibishon Malai, the party strongly condemns the silence of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma on the demand of the party to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in in the State of Meghalaya.
Ummulong (2014-2015).
New Delhi, March 25 : The National Council for Educational Research (NCERT) has decided to replace the name 'India' with 'Bharat' in all textbooks in schools in the country.
Therefore, the question of whether there is budlum or not does not arise because it depends on the voters who decide that we should have only 6 MLAs. Meghalaya to have only one party leading the government while criticizing the performance of the MDA government in the past five years.
Shillong, July: The NSS unit of William Carey University, Meghalaya on the 10th of this month conducted a medical camp as part of the special program of the NSS in Mawblang and Jongksha villages. This is located in Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr Mukul Sangma expressed his satisfaction to see the support of the people by taking part in the rally even though it is the time of many festivals like Bihu. and others.
Along with the training, the government needs to provide financial assistance to enable the people to have access to adequate toilets to avoid going to the wrong places.
This season, Bayern Munich, who have won the tournament many times, have dropped to third place after losing 4-2 at Hoffenheim in the first leg. the latter, which again allowed Stuttgart to move up to second place.
Our leaders, because they are not intelligent, should not talk about the level of education because many of them are lacking in that regard.
The Synod, as usual every year, awards the Rolinson Award 2015 to the students who have passed well in various examinations. Donboklang Kharsyntiew, from Mawiambei Church, Ri Bhoi District.
“In the past, no one has dared to raise this issue until the MDA government came to power and decided to take action. to resolve this issue and to resolve the conflict with the people living in one state"
Life is short and it is very difficult to experience and understand all the pleasures by oneself, but it is only through books that one can expand the experiences and understanding of human life.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the dropout rate is high at all Primary and Secondary levels, which has put at risk the progress and development of the region. take the necessary steps to find the root causes and remove them.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Lahkmen, Minister of State and MLA of Amlarem Constituency, announced that the government has appointed three more teachers at Nongtalang College through the People's College. Waiter.
Regarding this increasing power outage, the union asks the authorities in charge of electricity, why the power outage in Ri Bhoi and which has caused suffering to the people, because “When it rains and wind slightly, it means that the electricity has gone out and the people have to wait for many hours,” said the FKJGP leader in Ri Bhoi.
When it comes to education, we need higher education institutions to provide training in various fields of education so that our youngsters don't have to go abroad to study.
O51 hectares of land.
On the following day, on the 19th July 2023, a workshop on the topic “Thung dieng” was held. Explain how to start the seeds, how to start the seeds and propagate using plastic (polybags) seedbeds until they are ready to plant. The participants gave their opinions on what they understood and asked questions on what they didn't know. After the discussion, they had the opportunity to visit the places in the near Daistong village, those who do not have trees to take and demonstrate how to plant trees and protect themselves from cattle damage and avoid fire during the rainy season and practical examples of tree maintenance .
In the streets, on the streets, inside the home, in the workplace and on social media, the discrimination against women is increasing, despite the laws that can punish perpetrators of violence against women. .
Meanwhile, Aibandaplin Lyngdoh Nonglait from the VPP said that the government should provide services to those who have the authority to serve.
There are 38 species of these birds, and the Forest Department has also provided protection to these birds.
“The Central Government has allocated this fund for the implementation of the PHE Civil Sub Division in Mawsynram,” said Prof Laloo.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the past years has launched a project to clean up the Umkhrah River worth Rs 1.3 crore but there has been no change in the appearance of the river.
The East Jaintia Hills District Police Station has appealed to all drivers passing through the National Highway in Narpuh to be careful and disciplined, not to drive too fast. .
When I got there, there was no motorcycle parked, they told me to get on the motorcycle, I got on but some of them, who wanted to go with me, got on,” he said.
When asked about invitations from other countries if there are any meetings or programmes, Bah Paul said that some of these foreign visits may be about invitations, such as meetings. and so on for different programs.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has withdrawn from the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) over the BJP government's plan to implement the Citizenship Act. The Amendment Bill, 2019 (CAB) has been passed in Parliament.
He said that what the Prime Minister has explained is enough.
“The KHADC should close down these NHAI revenue gates because they have been operating illegally without a trading license and the bill department should also take action,” he said.
According to a statement sent by some Volunteer State Fighters, they said that if the HSPDP does not replace its leader immediately, the party will immediately withdraw its flag. The volunteers urged the incumbent president to step down immediately and allow the party to appoint a new president so that the party can maintain its strong foundations. Hoping together with these volunteers who have laid the foundation will be held once again.
He said they will prepare for the implementation of this soon.
Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, on Saturday launched the ambulance donated by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia, Amlarem.
The incident happened at midnight on Saturday and the bodies of these men were found this morning at 8:30 pm.
In this new initiative, vehicles will not be allowed to enter from Lad Mission Hospital, Moosalyngka to Saphlang JN, Iawmusiang. you shall not be allowed to drive.
According to information and sources, in other states, the loss of many ration cards was in the district of Uttar Pradesh, Mainpuri.
Politics has a powerful influence on all activities.
You must first notify those who wish to move to the area where there is no Redzone.
She said that the cold storages at Mawiong and Garobada have not been operational at all and the report says that it is not right to rebuild them.
The total number of cases has now reached 121 and 45 have recovered.
However, I have heard wrongly that the village has quarantined me for 14 days just because I didn't come from Nongstoin like those who came from abroad.
Most of the people who come to buy shana from this man is because he knows how to clean and also he is a man who is loved by the people because of his beautiful appearance and bright face. It was also found that the buyers of shana used to stand in line to buy shana from Tbn Kor at Umkiang market.
Why don't you support the Rangbah Shnong.
Foreigners and foreigners cannot accept them.
At present, these two ADCs have not been able to pay the salaries of their employees.
Before that, however, he brought about many changes in Ri Khasi, especially in Sohra.
The time has come to bring about change, Because we have reached 50 years; And we have 20 Prime Ministers, We don't want to stay the same.
The inability to generate more electricity is due to the inability of the Government to build power plants due to the opposition of the people.
The decision was taken after the Harijan Panchayat Committee rejected the proposal of the state government to move from the Shillong Municipal Board.
The subsidy is up to 75%.
Bah Nongrum was charged in the High Court after he spoke out against the decision of the High Court on Rangbah Shnong in November last year which appeared in the media.
Every district should have a school to teach traditional music and dance and to promote them,” he said.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, Chairman of the High Level Committee, said that the government plans to build 12 multi-storey houses for these 342 households. ban valid.
The 44th edition of the Chess Olympiad has been awarded by the World Chess Federation (FIDE) to the All India Chess Federation and will be held at Mahabalipuram, Tamil Nadu from 28th to 9th November. April 15, 2022.
When inquired from the police, they said that they cannot do anything against the vehicles carrying over the border because it is up to the authorities and their job is to ensure the smooth running of the vehicles. from the rest of the car.
The protest was organized by Mizo Zirlai Pawl (MZP), a group of university students in the state, who burnt down the map of Mizoram alleging that the map does not include the borders. around as it should be.
They were no longer able to devote themselves to this work.
The incident has sparked a fire of violence after the destruction of several temples in Cumilla of Chittagong division and other riots in Cumilla, Chandpur, Chattogram, Cox's Bazar, Bandarban, Moulvi Bazar, Gazipur, Chapainawabganj, Feni and other districts.
Therefore, the union has submitted to the DC that according to the Office Memorandum No.PER.272/72/5
He said that the Garo people living in the Garo villages on the border of these two states have been living in peace since ancient times and have never been disturbed on the border issue by arresting or detaining them. they.
According to the village leaders, the main reason for the delay in getting these playgrounds is because they have to get permission from the central government before building any development works in these areas. They are cantonments and military bases.
The Apostle Paul reminds Timothy and all believers to be vigilant in those last days – which are now.
The Government of Meghalaya should monitor the supply of goods to the state and ensure that there will be no excessive price increase that will affect the budget of the poor.
The EC led by Ardent M Basaiawmoit was not appointed as EM but he was appointed as EM by Mawlai MDC PT Sawkmie.
A team of Meghalaya Police on Saturday evening had to flee after a sudden attack by Karbi people to attack a place in Lapangap village known as Pynthor. The Karbi threw stones and shot with a jri and this has frightened the Meghalaya police.
On the day, when Bah Sunshine Makri and his supporters joined the UDP, it was seen that many other prominent people in Umsning Constituency followed him to join the UDP. The UDP has been pleased with the UDP leaders in the state and in Ri Bhoi as well.
You say how there is nothing to stay for a year and I can guarantee you how many days you will stay near the uranium tanks.
At a public meeting in East Midnapore, Mamata said that in her life, she has never respected her husband.
Thus, there are difficulties in developing new knowledge and finding missing names.
Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord.
Police have registered a case under section 91(11)18 U/S 420/379/34 IPC and the investigation is ongoing. go ahead.
The meeting and visit of the members of the Public Undertaking Committee to Athiabari was held after the MLA of the area, Bah KP Pangniang, lodged a complaint before the committee regarding the lack of electricity supply from Umsohpieng. to Malangkona Area, Unshek Area, Aradonga Area and Tynghor Area.
According to a statement from the HYC, the HYC found that in one of the toilets, the septic tank had leaked outside and there were smells coming out of the septic tank. The septic tank has been drained of all the garbage from the market.
Many of these are published once a week, once a fortnight, once a month and once a month.
Dr (Mrs) Mebada WL Nongbri, YWCA Member opened the prayer and Diana E. Kharshiing, YWCA Member read and prayed.
On the other hand, the residents do not know whether the driver and the follower of the truck are still alive or not.
In this market, the sohniamtra is sold directly to the buyers without any middleman.
At the time of the announcement to end the strike, Ardent's wife, Palma, served food in front of the crowd.
JOWAI: The General Assembly of the Jaintia Circle will be held on the 18th January 2020 at Psiar Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
Even after these two incidents, Heprit Everbloom Nongrum, did not tell his family and it was until he became ill, from the entry of wastewater into his body, until he reached the hospital. Tell your mother and your sister about this brave deed.
Finally, they were sent for treatment outside the State.
Even after the Budget Session brought by the CM, you are still thinking like that, I don't think I have any problems anywhere and wherever we go we have seen the development.
Man gets his food by eating animals or plants.
The presence of these pharmacies nearby which can also supply medicines makes it easier for the vendors and doctors to get the necessary medicines at the right time, said Ms Taring. that it may serve better for the benefit of many churches.
He said that in fact the copies are the same but the schools have taken advantage by setting a lower price by putting stickers of the names of the schools.
He said that due to the drought, the weather has caused a lot of problems and if it continues like this without rain, even the power plant in Umïam will face problems because the water level has dropped a lot.
The 7th will be played against Caroline on the 29th of this month.
Shillong, March 2: Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) have left for Lum Garo on 29th and 30th July to campaign for the MDC elections. The MDC election will be held on 12th March,
Meghalaya lost all wickets for 53 runs.
Specially Dkhar (30), also known as Bah Spel, has been missing since 26th November
The second quarter final will be played today (21st November) between Rymbai Shkenshynriah FC and Mihmyntdu FC. The third match will be played tomorrow (22nd) between Mukhla. The fourth match on the 23rd will be between Mynsngat FC and Salaroh FC at 2 pm.
However, speaking on the UDP, Bah Metbah said that the party itself hopes that all the candidates will reach the goal.
He said that the union has sought information from all the offices implementing this scheme that there is a delay in the payment of food as many people with disabilities have complained to the union that they do not receive food. of the year
Therefore, Bah Sniawbhalang said that they expect that this year, all the works of the project will be completed within 80 percent.
According to Bah Shanpru, the Executive Committee (EC) has rejected the Tenancy Bill because it is too weak.
“Also on the extortion of money by the HNLC, Nongrang said, the HNLC leaders themselves have clarified that they are not involved in this case, and a thorough investigation into this is ongoing whether they are really involved in this case. or others taking advantage in the name of this organization.
Bah Shanbor's house is not long... Why?
“We have already mentioned the expectations of the people of Tura, the people of Tura have been neglected for years, but now we have been able to fulfill the expectations of the people.
He said that he has been the Sirdar of Warmawsaw-Umsohbar Raidland since 2013 and it was during the reign of Syiem Patrick Syiemiong that in 2015, he removed this raid land and They were forced to give them the title of Sordar of two villages, Warmawsaw-Umsohbar, which the Raid Land Dorbar immediately rejected.
The MPYC has decided not to respond to this demand, saying that the heads should fall from the day the dome collapsed.
Broswell Tyrsa, one of the youth leaders of the village, said that although the road constructed under the MNREGS scheme already exists.
“The CM has implemented the Ujwala Scheme by promising to provide gas.
In this regard, I would like to tell you a story from Ri Lyngngam.
In the second half of the match which was played in Kolkata, both the teams played strongly from the start and had several chances.
Tracy Rympei scored the first goal for Laikor SC in the 46th minute and finally scored the second goal in the 60th minute.
The new office bearers are President- Bah Powell Sohkhlet (Ri Khasi Channel) Vice President- Bah Bhabok Laloo (PCN) Secretary- Bah Martin Nongkhlaw (PCN) Asst. Secretary- Bah Mebanker Lapang (Batesi TV) Organizing Secretary- Bah Aporlet Shabong (t7) Treasurer- Let Savio Dominic Killed (t7).
The incident happened at 7 pm near a petrol pump opposite USTM, where the dumper carrying stone was heading to Guwahati. The scooty was heading towards Killing and the dumper fell into Nala.
“The reservation policy should be based on the number of residents, because if we have 50% while other ethnic groups have 30%, it is not right to divide the reservation 40-40′′. " said Mr. Ardent.
Speaking to reporters before the elections, she said that she enjoyed reading, but while she was in class ix, her father died and after that, she gave birth. She continued to go to school, but when she reached class xi, her husband became ill and she had to stop going to school.
“We have been waiting for 17 years, but now we understand that if we want peace, we have to fight first,” said Saiñkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, HNLC. The government's weakness and blindness regarding the SOPs of Covid-19 in the state has begun to appear.
The Assam Type house is the residence of the Assistant Director of the Assam Type VL Chhuanawmi, police said.
But after careful digging and gathering of facts.
The training will be held from 28th to 30th November 2017 and then from 18th to 20th July
"Bak came back to the kitchen to look for food and followed Panah and Rida.
Speaking in the House, Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal also criticized the bill by admitting that it will not bring about change for the farmers. this law has no advantage compared to the previous one.
“If you don't believe, go to the people and ask them and you will understand,” said Dr Mukul.
“We have seen that the state government has never been able to resolve issues like the border dispute with Assam even after 43 years.
However, Sunil Chettri and the Indian players did not hesitate to qualify as the second team in the group, but played well to qualify as the top team.
In the afternoon, the Holy Sacrament was conducted by Fr. Alfred Lyngdoh Nongbri of St. Xavier's Minor Seminary Upper Shillong.
During the raid, Chahlang Police and SF 10 Police seized an Insas Rifle, an AK 47 rifle, a hand granite bomb, KG of Gelatine Stick, 10 unused SBBL rounds, 86 unused AK 47 rounds, one magazine pouch, one comoflage.
Fenella said that the court has not yet ordered the land owners, coal owners or traders to stop mining coal and there is still a way to appeal.
I have completed the small task that I have been doing all along and now I am confident that I can continue and complete the bigger task,” he said. The UDP North Shillong will be held in Mawkhar.
Guwahati: The Kamrup District authorities have decided to give a holiday tomorrow and the next day to the students of Guwahati. government schools or private schools, according to the report.
Referring to the Insurance Committee, he said that if the AD Rules are approved, the EC will consider.
These areas include Muriap in East Jaintia Hills, Mukroh and Tiwieh in West Jaintia Hills, Rani (Jirang) in Ri Bhoi and Umwali, Lejadubi and Langpih in West Khasi Hills.
The message that Rgh Teibor wants to share with the parakur kur parakha who hold fast to their traditional religion is like the word that says the highest right, which as the Sengbah wants this. The goal should be achieved in one's own and not to forget one's own origins because here lies righteousness.
Two of the seriously injured were taken to NEIGRIHMS from Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong, while nine others were admitted to Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang and Ialong.
(i) John 4:1-42 about the repentance of the Samaritan woman, who was excluded from the community of her sisters in the city of Sychar.
“We direct that the court should hold the elections for the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly before 30th November, 2023 and bring back the position of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly as soon as possible.
“If we don't implement the dam, the dam will become worse.
The group immediately held a meeting with Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of Sports at his residence on Tuesday to discuss the issue and especially after the IOA's statement. The All Jaintia Sports and Games Forum (AJSGF) has been formed by various sports federations today because Jaintia Hills has not been included in the 2022 National Games.
They were brought back to Mawkhar in the evening by walking along Weiking Square.
The 45-year-old man, who worked as a security guard at the bank, died of his injuries at the hospital.
“At the same time, the Minister also expressed his gratitude to all those leaders and groups who have come forward to express their views to the government regarding this Act.
Khliehriat, March 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Wapung Unit has announced that it will hold the 4th Annual U Woh Tep Kyndiat Memorial Academic Award 21st of this month at the Community Hall at Wapung Shnong and the program will start at 10 pm.
The Syiem of Sohra could not prove his claim. The Syiem of Sohra signed his name in the Rymmei Memorial Book of the Sohra Market and confirmed that Mawspong is the Ri Seng-Shnong of Mawphu. I leave only this to the wisdom of the Syiem and the Executive on this matter without affecting the Dulir belonging to the Phanwanjah clan.
Shillong, July 21: The pastors of the Presbyterian Church, have been in doubt whether they will be able to register their marriages from now on.
Maybe one or two might have.
All three teams have won once each.
According to Shekhawat, what has impressed and encouraged other states is the implementation of the JJM Scheme by the state government. “Only Meghalaya has reached the target of Performance Incentive Grant under JJM for the next two years.
God says, “This is Jerusalem: I have set her in the midst of the nations, and the countries round about her. about her" Ezekiel 5:5.
