All the survivors of the earthquake accepted the advice of the Sahep and left Nongbaw and settled in Keniong.
“Through this youth centre, they will produce IAS and IPS officers for the benefit of the people.
Shillong: The Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) on Tuesday held a rally in Shillong, Meghalaya.
I am sorry that the government says that Covid-19 is a serious disease! However, the disease without medicine can also be cured, I confirm this according to my own experience, when we did the RT-PCR test at Neigrihms and three members of my family reported that we Only my brother who didn't pay 600 spah tyngka for his ration card is positive, while we two who paid 600 tyngka are not positive. report negative I got a negative report after a day and my brother got a positive report after a day.
According to information received, there are two land plots donated free of charge including one in Patarim Usmning and one in Lumumpih which have been donated by the owner of the land. The Umsning C&RD Block office has been rejected due to the presence of hyper tension lines which could endanger the people.
LG Nongsiej ex MDC and others will be welcomed at the meeting.
Members of the BJP, including the Mahila Morcha Presidents from Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland and other Northeast states, met with Sylbi Passah, the recipient of the Padmashree Award at her residence.
The two houses belong to Helibon Sajem and April Lamin Gadew.
Not only that, the department should take action by calling another tender for the construction so that the people of five or seven villages can get what they have longed for. Sir.
“It is not easy but we have the hope to overcome the challenges and we will do our best,” he said.
“If the mediators or those involved in the talks are harassed and arrested by the police, which of the groups involved will trust this process or the government if the HNLC return to peace talks,?" He asked a question.
“I will look to the government especially the PWD to expedite the construction of this road, which serves the people of East Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills,” said Beyond.
“If we are cooperative and vigilant, there will be no crime in the society,” he said.
Inside the house you are clean.
The patient receives a lot of help, encouragement and praise, in which everyone shakes hands when they meet the corona patient and gives enough food and drink to the patient and even to those who are sick. in the house of thy soul; but the strong ones have become increasingly deprived and that is that they have to buy food at low prices, they have to travel at low prices, they have to pay taxes which have become lower and higher and the government shall provide only food; while the price of fish, beef, vegetables is increasing every day.
The construction of the road from Umshyrpi to Tamabil may take many years, although the government's intention (perhaps) is to complete it before the 2023 MLA elections; But until we have completed less than 2 years, there is a need for an urgent and temporary solution and efforts, as they have tried other solutions in the city and maybe this will be the way. to encourage the visitors.
After receiving a tip, BSF troops of Pyrton 193Bn and Meghalaya Police seized two Bolero Pickups near the Gumaghat border.
Those who attended the opening ceremony of the scheme were Bah Eugene Lamare, SE PHE Nongpoh Division, Bah Eugene Lamare, SE PHE Nongpoh Division, Bah DD Umdor, SE PHE Shillong and many others.
According to the President, since the recognition of the college as a government college in 2011, the appointment of Principal has been unrecognized and now it has been postponed within 10 or 12 months. The College had to run without a Principal for 2 or 3 months and after being re-appointed and transferred, this continues until today.
According to her, the Government of Meghalaya has so far taken appropriate and equitable steps to fill this shortage of specialist doctors.
The KHADC Budget will be held from 25th to 28th October.
The UHM leaders said that after the request of the village leaders of the area, they have taken the responsibility to carry the burden and said that the Sub Center also provides services to 13 villages, which He is also under the supervision of Markasa PHC.
Remember to cover them for at least 10 — 15 minutes.
Many of our youth who want to become teachers have completed the MTET and the results have already been announced.
James said that Dr Mukul Sangma is the oldest MLA in the House, but he speaks two languages.
All these things show that these groups will take 15-20 years to eradicate them and thus these years will become more and more confusing. and the question is, who else can cleanse these things? asked Dr Mukul.
One man, Jiten Nath, was arrested after a complaint by Prasanta Payeng, who is also the owner of the church.
We had no intention of harming civilians or loose souls, so we took precautions to avoid.
At a meeting held at HK Singh School, Jowai, the DC of West Jaintia Hills Hills District congratulated the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) for helping and supporting the SHGs. the goods that are produced by themselves.
Shillong: The Cabinet of Ministers of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MLA-II) Government on Tuesday decided to increase the grant in aid to more than 710 primary schools. in the state.
Meanwhile, the main leader accused of being the instigator, Selseng R Marak, who has been dismissed from the police department, is still on the run from the police.
“Furthermore, the union has demanded that the MDA government should complete all the pending projects in Jowai especially Iawmusiang and Umngot Water Supply.
“Dr Mukul is one of the few politicians who has never had anything to do with the opposition parties.
These are precious times that we have to think about while the disease has not yet reached this state.
Other office bearers of the Executive Committee of the village include Assistant Waheh Shnong Niwanki Ksih, Secretary Carmelo Laloo Lakiang, Assistant Secretary Stevenson Suchiang, Treasurer Phil Siangshai, 12 members and 2 auditors.
Therefore, these are the problems that if the Himalayas do not fall quickly and such an incident, it will not be long.
Of these, 126 youths received their appointment letters today in Meghalaya.
All the MLAs of the MDA government should be removed from their positions, because all of them did not support but they turned away even the UDP turned away because only one constituency won and even from Shella lost the constituency. Jowai: The Sein Raij Tuber, Women Wing has warned against those who take advantage of the opportunity to collect money in the name of the Thyndai Child Care Institute Cum Counseling Center (Children Home) at Tuber Kmai Shnong.
Many people have expressed their distrust after the police announced that they have arrested three persons involved in the shooting of two persons in Khyndailad.
The KSU will start distributing the forms which can be downloaded from the website www.khastudentsunion.com and the information including the rules and regulations are explained in detail on the form.
There will be some matters necessary for the Khongbuh Kur which will be brought on that day.
The incident happened on Saturday night at 8:30-9 PM on the Dawki-Amlarem highway in Jowai on the road to Darrang.
Therefore, the union has struggled as much as possible to find ways to solve these problems of the children and students who are still stranded in Shillong.
The Shillong Sports Association will hold the Women's Football League Tournament 2023 next month.
124 people have died in the past 48 hours and 171 in the past few days.
Shillong, November 19: The State Government has decided to remove the term 'backward classes' from the Meghalaya Public Service Commission Regulations.
The new policies of the Government which violate the rights and interests of the workers have become increasingly widespread and the laws which prohibit and prevent the workers from striking and fighting will lead to slavery.
Several doctors will be present at the training centre.
David is the son of Hunlang Swer and Kerlinda Kharchandy, and wife of Diana Nicol Kharchandy.
He is also a strong candidate, who was defeated in the 2018 MLA election by 622 votes by Bah Samlin Malngiang.
The Director General of Police (DGP) has issued a show cause notice to the 10 SPs to reply within 24 hours why they could not stop the incident. illegal coal mining in the state.
She was a wicked woman, and only a few months after she got married, her beloved husband, in a heavy rainstorm, was carried away by her. Myntdu River while trying to take the Myntdu River from his farm to his house.
The suspect is a daju and is said to be mentally retarded. The investigation is ongoing.
He said that compared to last year, the blackout is very low this year, because last year at this time, the blackout reached 7-8 hours.
Receiving the award, Dr. Rani Pathak Das said, “The honor and praise goes to all the staff within USTM, Meghalaya and receiving this award will also It will not succeed without the support of colleagues in various aspects of the development of education through USTM Meghalaya”.
“In the rural areas, if they don't elect an MLA and as soon as they see the MLA, they run away, especially the village headmen.
Shillong: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of East Khasi Hills has arrested two drug traffickers from Shillong and seized a large quantity of heroin, a homemade pistol and T. lakh and 5 vehicles including 2 Mahindra Thar.
The Thangskai Dorbar Shnong strongly condemns Ayush's fraud and expects the government to take immediate punitive measures in this regard.
Out of the 11 MLAs, the NPP has given two seats to the UDP, while the HSPDP, which has only two MLAs, has won one, and the BJP has won one. while the PDF has not received any seats.
Stay at least 6 feet away from each other as much as possible, especially from strangers.
To be a successful team writer, you don't have to be a brilliant team mathematician, or to match, match or match numbers with what you see in a dream, for example, when you see three 36 or 63 men, you say, and tomorrow you will be 36 or
However, when it comes to development specifically in health, it still lags behind.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The HSPDP Nongkrem has accepted the invitation of Bah HS Shylla to hold a meeting at Smit Square. Hubert Riang, General Secretary, HSPDP, Nongkrem.
On the other hand, coach Bah Bobby L.Nongbet expressed his hope that the team will play well as they have shown their skills in the last two games.
The Senior Manager (SM) of Reliance Trends Limited, expressed his gratitude to the AIM Meghalaya team for being quick to come up with ideas to protect many churches. Reliance Trends Limited, Shillong for the employees, is through a decision issued by the Head Office Bangalore.
Ma S Quotient is a former writer, journalist and editor of Jaintia Hills and has contributed greatly to the society in various ways.
According to Bah Y.Laloo, EE, PWD, Nongpoh, the government has already allocated T.4.5 crore for the construction of the road. Contractor to clean and the cleaning work will start soon.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: Members of the HNYF, Northern Region, on Tuesday night, seized 100 grams of illegal liquor shops in Nongpoh. hundreds of liters of water in Nongpoh.
Gino Sangma scored 43 runs from 41 balls and Eugene Kharsyntiew scored 23 runs from 25 balls.
The State Government on Tuesday through the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs has come forward to honor the young men and women, who have been able to shine and win medals in competitions. games that were played in the 2017-18 season.
On the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) by the Sengbhalang, the Prime Minister said that the protection of the people is the most important.
“Besides, the robbers are also involved with others by using the names of Central Government agencies like Customs, CBI, NCB, and others to inform the illegal people that they are “The money should be returned to the account claiming that it is for RBI Clearance,” said the SP (City).
These land owners including Aniyan Phawa, Adala Shadap from Mowkaiaw and Marbires Lyngdoh from Kyrwen village were attacked by the residents of Mowkaiaw village. in Kyrgyzstan.
The injured were identified as Johnson Lynshing, Driamizaca Shadap and Kyrshanborlang Mynsong.
“I don't know where the word 'jyrsieh' comes from, it's exactly like a word that tries to change everything.
In a letter to the OC, they said that they had told him that they would not climb the weight bridge of the Transport Department at Tamabil-Dawki, but the OC did not listen. and they have to apply for legal bail to release the vehicles.
Others who attended the meeting included TMC candidate from Dadengre constituency, Rupa M Marak, along with other leading TMC leaders, Ismail R Sangma, Jenga Jilenga Marak, Mikel G Momin, Boaz Marak, Grenilin M Marak, Theresa M Sangma, Levastone T Sangma and Agustine D Marak were also present on the occasion.
All of them have been arrested and a thorough investigation will be conducted against them including the investigation into their terrorist activities.
On the same day, Bah PT Sawkmie also inaugurated the ground which he has allocated from the MLA scheme of 4 lakh tyngka for the improvement of the ground at Umling Umjathang.
Five others of his followers are currently in custody under the National Security Act and are being held in Dibrugarh.
A reporter who passed through the Shillong-Guwahati highway saw that many of the vehicles passing through the area turned their heads as soon as they reached Marten and many of them turned their heads outside. and those who pray.
However, Paduh kidnapped and drugged them, took them to Kharsati Park with their school uniforms and there he drugged them until they lost consciousness.
Before discussing that, you need to answer whether it is a company that is a friendly company or whether it is a publicly announced company and if it is publicly announced, you have to know in which newspaper. and when it was published and then, comes another issue and that is, whether it is necessary or not, in order to go to these villages to collect firewood to call a Dkhar from Orissa and the Khasi, who are from Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat, Mawphlang, Balat, can do this and when we think about it, we feel that the Khasi is faster, because he knows his own villages and towns and it is more difficult and heavier to walk in the hills of the Riwar area.
For example, the D.C. order regarding the sale of cattle in the market is a mistake.
The award was presented to the Rangbah Shnong of Moolamylliang by the Consul General of the Kingdom of the Netherlands Bart De Jong and the President of ISWMAW Sadhan Ghosh in the presence of dignitaries.
Superintendent of Fisheries, Hameka Papang, Assistant Food and Safety Commissioner, DBS Mukhim, in the presence of SP East Khasi Hills, Bah S Nongtnger and others. others.
MM Keeravani, Raveena Tandon and Sudha Murthy were awarded the Padma Awards by the President at Rashtrapati Bhawan, New Delhi on Tuesday.
The funeral service will be held on 3.11.2023 at Seinraij Muthlong at 10 pm.
JOWAI: The Dorbar Shnong of Panaliar has postponed the Jowai Winter Carnival which was scheduled to be held on the 13th-14th of this month following the failure to pass the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2019 in the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) on Monday ordered the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to hand over the documents to the police regarding the teacher's recruitment case. of the state Department of Education.
The UDP is the only party in the government led by the NPP, BJP, HSPDP, NCP and other MLAs.
Furthermore, Sohra, which has been the capital, is still in darkness in this regard, because even though they can watch satellite channels from all over the world through DTH, the channels in the language are not available. of them cannot be seen.
He said that he has already spoken to the Minister of India for the fertilizer and has received it.
On this occasion, the Congress party has given tickets to those candidates who lost their tickets in the last MLA elections, while in Mawkynrew, the tickets have been given to Bah Banteidor. Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang) and Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang from Rambrai Jyrngam, both of whom have contested the MLA election 2013 as independent candidates.
In Eastern West Khasi Hills, the turnout reached 90.25% in both Mairang and Mawthadraishan constituencies.
The National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma on July 30 said that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is against the status of India as a country of many. diverse and rich in culture and language.
Speaking to media, Bah Hek, who is also the Minister of Veterinary Affairs, said that other parties in the state have already announced their candidates for the MP election. of Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seat.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, who attended a meeting of all political parties on the situation in Manipur in New Delhi on Saturday, urged the central government to take all necessary measures. ways to restore peace and stability in the state which has been affected by the bloodshed and to strengthen the need for relief.
EKH has 190 active cases, 6 EGH, 6 WKH, 4 EJH, 4 WGH, 3 RBD, 2 WJH and 1 SGH.
Shillong, Nailar 12: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that the government is waiting for a reply from the Central Government on the allocation of MBBS courses to the youth of the state according to the Central. Paul.
From the opening ceremony of the NEOG-22 at the SAI ground at NEHU until the end at the same venue, the programs were held smoothly.
It may be recalled that in the incident, the police had shot and lathi-charged the women and children without forgiveness, after being threatened and assaulted by two employees of Topcem. as evidenced by videos circulating on social media.
At the end of the race, the winners were awarded prizes by Bah DP Wahlang IAS, Chief Secretary with the assistance of other officers at the Old Legislative Assembly Hall, Khyndailad, Shillong.
Nongpoh, Nailur 02: For the safety of the public and also to enforce the provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act, the Transport Department through the office of the District Transport Officer, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the office will hold a The inspection of vehicles from public vehicles to private vehicles as part of the prevention of any tragic incidents due to violation of traffic rules.
Nongbri's goal came from a free-kick, which shocked the fans who came to cheer on their team, but the United goalkeeper couldn't score. I didn't do anything but watch the ball go into the goal.
Uranium mining in Domiasiat in 1989-90 by the Dept.
Jaintia Truck Drivers Association invites to meeting on 20th November 2023: The Jaintia Truck Drivers Association will hold a meeting on 20th November 2023 at 11 am at the office of the association at Pale Palace Loom. Soo-Ung New Hills, Jowai.
Returning to his career with various clubs, Ozil has shown and excelled in his outstanding career which has helped him to move from the Bundesliga to the Premier League. Jose Mourinho played for Real Madrid in the Spanish La Liga in 2010 and helped the team win their 32nd league trophy in
Shillong, Naiwieng 30: The Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC) has issued an order that youths who apply for any job will be suspended from the examination for up to five years if they send assistance to any job. government officials.
To encourage the students, the school has also organized various competitions including drawing-painting, recitation, poetry writing and others.
The Emergency Operation Center (EOC) has provided equipment for the incident.
A little bit about the Rt.
The Karbi Students' Association (KSA) and the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) have set up a committee to restore peace and order in the border villages of Khanduli. work together.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday urged the residents of both the states, to refrain from any cause of trouble, so that the governments of Assam and Meghalaya can the boundary can be fixed.
Not only that, but there were also Rangbah Shnongs and these included Bah HP Offlyne Dohling Rangbah Shnong Malki, Bah RL Blah General Secretary of the Association of Rangbah Shnongs and others who were present.
If it is, it should be for all, if it is not, it should not be for all, otherwise it will only divide the nation.
They understand that they are considered as 'riewkhlaw' and ignorant,” said Bah Sokon.
The complaints of the villagers are often exactly like the voice from Ri Kynjah, no one listens, no one believes and no one takes care but for development in the cities the implementation is endless.
At 6.39 pm, Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the new cases are from Hojai, Kamrup, Nagaon, Morigaon, Nalbari, Goalpara, Golaghat, Jorhat and Dhubri district.
Not only that, even if she has the right to arrest or punish for her poor deeds, but until the enemy destroys her house and burns her property; thus it showed that it was a stone age, when there was no longer the right to judgment by the laws of the government.
Some of the essential tips to maintain good oral health are as follows:1.
On the departure of Ardent Basaiawmoit, Renikton said he could not say anything as it was a personal matter and the will of the person.
After the first innings, East Khasi Hills District managed to score only 31 runs for the loss of six wickets.
He said it was the government that allowed illegal mining.
Throughout the hours of this dance, each of the male and female dancers, have combined their dance style with the nine skits or nine surs of the ksiang ka tang muri, which has made the people happy. and they shall rejoice and be glad.
We pray that God will be with you and comfort you at this time of darkness.
However, before they do so, we request them to read the policy carefully and understand the implicit meaning of its provisions.
“We need to strengthen the SHGs, because there are many employees but they don't have the opportunity, banks don't give loans to women but very few do it, like MLAs. We should watch and ask why they don't give because people are now unemployed and need banks to give loans.
Even the proposal to set up outposts in Psiar and Khatkasla, if the people do not oppose them, we will not be able to accept that Psiar and Khatkasla are the territories of Meghalaya.
Collaboration is essential to rat out pollution.
Police sources said that the rebel groups involved in the peace talks and those who have surrendered have sold their weapons to Garo rebel groups such as GNLA, ASAK, UALA. In 2013, the state police seized 59 rounds of ammunition, 1152 rounds of ammunition, 11 hand grenades and other explosives from the GNLA.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 22: Last year, the government had promised to build the road from Nonglang to Mawrok, but no sign has been seen yet, said Bah Phransis Wanniang, one of the elders of Kyndongei. .
He said that besides the fast payment process, it also ensures a clean payment process as it is sent directly to the bank accounts of the ASHAs. district and also in the state to ensure that the payment is on time.
He is also involved in 40 different crimes against him.
Welcoming the scheme, Nongkrem MLA Bah Lambor Malngiang laid the foundation stone at a meeting held at Madanryting on Thursday.
All of them promised to strengthen the MDA shatri until the end of the five-year term.
Besides the Waheh Village Council, Satellite Lapasam was elected as the Secretary Village Council.
This means that the students have to stay at home, cook and read.
Supporting the recommendation of the Amicus Curiae, the Court said that in tourist attractions, sign boards should be placed explaining what to do and what not to do. to appoint villagers to ensure compliance with the rules and to appoint helplines in case of any complaints.
The Seng also understands that the closure of the Transport Department may be on grounds related to the laws and regulations of the state, said a statement sent by the General Secretary of the Seng, Donald V. Thabah.
In his 19th Interim Report to the High Court, Justice Katakey said, “The DC's claim that the coal found outside Don Bosco College is part of the The coal count since 2018 is unacceptable on these grounds.
This is a scam and a part of corruption which should not happen or continue in the future like these public schemes, but the schemes should be fair and square or clear and accurate. reading.
In another incident, a police station was set on fire at Yatimkhana in Kanpur and a stone throwing incident injured several people. message.
The population at that time was very small and there was no Seinduli village.
Basumatary took a wicket through stumping and was named Player of the Match for her ability to play well in terms of runs and wickets.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya United Christian Forum (MUCF) has requested the State Government to postpone the date of the festival to other days in respect of the feelings of thousands of Christians living in the state. Meghalaya has declared Sunday as a holy day.
Mukhim, who is the Principal, said, “It is important to remember that we must look for lessons in our mistakes so that we do not do the same again.
Also present at the distribution were the Minister in charge of IT, Ampareen Lyngdoh, Government officials including Commissioner Bah DP Wahang and others.
On the setting up of a police station in Psiar or Moluber, the Minister of Home Affairs said that they cannot set up a police station in these two places, because they have to respect the status quo signed between the two sides. The state government, but the union urges the minister to put it in Khatkasla so that it can relieve the border people when there is any problem.
Thanks to the efforts of the Executive Magistrates and Police, on the 16th and 17th November 2022, a raid was conducted on these illegal coal mining factories and up to 57 of them were closed down.
In the second leg, Nongshiliang Pdengshakap beat Rymbai Pompyrthad SC 2:0
“In the eastern part of India, the Khasi language is very old which started with the British Government and has come forward than other languages ​​in the eastern part of the country but it was not until add to government jobs," he said.
Mairang, Naiweing, 11: Police of Eastern West Khasi Hills District on receiving a tip from intelligence agencies have arrested a 26-year-old man with drugs.
It is also right for us to sing, because the first verse speaks of the love of our country when it says, “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi- I love you- The country that loves the old and the old we shall not see them again. Their memory shall never perish.
“There are so many things downside.
Throughout the day, these leaders and members of UHM, also visited the Power Grid warehouse at Umsohphria village, in order to see how the services are provided to the UHM. Khasi youth, in which they found that the employment of Khasi youth, has been mismanaged by the management of the Power Grid.
Shillong, July 6: U Conrad K Sangma, the newly elected MP from Tura Parliamentary Constituency 20, has said that the NPP will form a government in 2018 and will also defeat the Congress.
U Bah Kynta said that if the BJP introduces policies that are against the ownership of land and policies that affect the people, he will bring to the party to abolish the policies that affect the people.
Jammal's family members claimed that he was shot dead because his family members went to vote and that he was shot dead five times because five members of his family went to vote.
In the men's Indian Round (Team Event), South West Khasi Hills District won the gold medal after beating East Khasi Hills District.
“Earlier this month, the US government received information about a terrorist attack in Moscow, which may take place in public places, and Washington has shared this with the authorities. Russian government,” said National Security Council spokeswoman Adrienne Watson.
Assistant Education Secretary CEC today met with the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma at his office. you are in the Secretariat.
Earlier, the government had invited them to meet with the Commissioner and Secretary of Education but the teachers refused to meet because they wanted to meet with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
“We have decided to sit on strike on Tuesday 13th June after the government has not released the President of the KSU as demanded by the KSU,” said FKJGP President Bah Joe Marwein. after the meeting on Monday.
These nine members who have left the UDP are under the leadership of Bah Khrang Lyngkhoi, President of the UDP who has been with the party for many years. These nine members are the office bearers of the UDP, Langrin including the Adviser of the party, Bah Lastborn Pariong.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Prof. RC Laloo, President of GSU, wrote, “There are Khasi and Jaintia teachers in government colleges in Garo Hills. “It's not like Garo Government College is the gateway to recruitment,” said the GSU. The GSU said that many of them have been transferred to Kiang Nangbah College. “Why are Garo teachers not appointed to other parts of the state but only inside the country? Lum Garo hi,” said the President of the GSU who added that there are many Garo teachers who have passed the NET. The government should also employ Garo teachers.
We will take a proper decision on whether the party has the right to call for talks,” he said in reply to a question on the budget session in the House on Tuesday.
According to the EM, once received from the government, it will be considered again before being submitted to the dorbar for approval.
In parts of the Jowai By-Pass, the damage has been severe and has affected the vehicles due to the overcrowding of the wells and the flooding of the wells.
Bahnah replied, “Why should I stand on the road?
“I feel that such events which allow young women will help them in the future because through this event it will help them to be brave,” said Bah. Creation.
### Should we blame the mother who earns and supports her family with kiad or should we accept that kiad is illegal to sell because it is a new drug that destroys society?
Samuel said the court has divided the judgment between Assam, Tripura and NESO which leads the entire Northeast along with other states. of India.
“Those who demand are the non-government schools, while the government is doing what it can.
Also present on the occasion were the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MP of the Rajya Sabha, Dr. WR Kharlukhi and others.
Lum Wahniai was declared the cleanest village in Pynursla Block by the BDO of Pynursla, Bah PS Tynsong on 14th July,
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) North Khasi Hills District Unit (KSU) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner should conduct a thorough investigation into the lack of proper teachers in 15 Lower Primary Schools. different villages within the District.
At the end of the day, East Jaintia were 36/2, 145 runs behind Ri Bhoi.
He said that regarding this road, he has met with the government officials in Shillong to inform and request them to do something and the government officials have listened.
Shillong, Nailar 30: Meghalaya Trinamool Congress President Charles Pyngrope has urged the state government to look into the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, alleging that the policy will destroy the education of the people of Meghalaya. young man after in bud.
The Executive Committee of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District on Friday unanimously decided to condemn the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, as this certificate has affected even the education sector. doctor of the children of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The Word of God clearly says – “Rejoice in the Lord; and he shall give thee the desires of thine heart" Psalm 37:4
How sad to see this Wah Umkhen now.
On the other hand, it was said that the government cannot interfere with the prices of agricultural products and the prices of agricultural products are controlled by the kharkaia.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The employees of the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited Employees Union (MCLEU) have been forced to flee from the Secretariat after the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma did not come to meet them after the scheduled meeting. long today at 3:30 pm.
“This drug dealer is the same person who appeared in a video on GS Road near Bimola which has spread through social media and caused concern about the free sale of drugs in the morning,” he said. police chief who said that the search for other drug dealers in the area is ongoing.
If he had to give a flying kiss, he would give it to these young girls and why should he give it to a 50-year-old woman like Smriti Irani.
“In the last MLA election, the NPP won only 8 MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia Hills and 18 MLAs from Garo Hills.
All the 11 persons who have been arrested will remain under police custody for two days, said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M.Kharkrang.
Guwahati: A young post graduate student at Guwahati Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has tested positive for COVID-1
The NCC of Nongstoin College was led by Babu Rubenker Nongrum, Associate NCC Officer of Nongstoin College. we have received many benefits especially for the NCCs of the college.
Speaking at the meeting, the DC of EKH said that the Block Mawphlang is very fortunate to have this house as only 3 such houses have been allowed to be built in the district. Three blocks and Mawphlang is the last to be named , other blocks which have received the house are Mylliem and Pynursla , said the DC. to , to take care of for their own benefit.
No one saw where the Paro came from, but the hundreds of people in the square looked up and Bah Ardent, who was speaking at that time, stopped speaking and looked. sha can you Paro.
When asked about the demand of the group to upgrade from Adhoc Upper Primary to Deficit System and to increase the salaries of teachers, Bah Shadap said he believes that if the State Education Commission works, The State Education Commission has accepted the proposal of the State Education Commission. All the problems of teachers will be resolved and teachers will no longer have to take to the streets to demand and protest for their salaries. but it will increase every year and they will receive a good salary.
I see that even here these children are talking only about the internet.
They are rarely seen on site and even the SDOs are not seen challenging the MRs and themselves.
There has also been a prestigious Award for Arts and Literature in the name of Tirot Singh.
“Is it to use the officers and employees of KHADC in this way, to work without rules and procedures? When the CEM did this, is the District Council of Khasi Hills still a constitutional institution or has it become a private institution of Bah PN Syiem? Do the EMs and MDCs agree with this price hike by the CEM? I don't have anything to say to the villages that have received the Work Orders, when they have received them, they should start working. I will go to all the villages which have received the work orders and those who have not yet received the work orders as well. I and the Rangbah Shnongs of any village in Nongkrem Constituency, I will not fall into its trap, because he who traps others will trap himself, he who traps others will trap himself. “No one can escape from this law,” said Bah Shylla, who promised to take action against the CEM for violating the rules of KHADC. “If you have spent thousands of years, it is difficult not to do the same thing, how much will the Jyrsieh spend T.133 crore?” Now what is needed is that the people should know exactly how this T.133.12 crore has been distributed, in which constituency has received the least and which has received the most, because many constituencies have 3 (lai) crore, but there are more than that from another source (Council Assets) which is 133.12 crore. The Executive Committee of Nongkrem Constituency has been appointed by Bah PN Syiem.
It may be recalled that three candidates from East Khasi Hills constituency have filed their nomination papers. So far, three candidates from Nongkrem constituency have filed their nomination papers, said Bah HS Shylla of the UDP. Lambor Nongrum of the Congress and Hubert Riang of the HSPDP. From Laban Mawprem, Banrikupar Wahlang of the HSPDP and Alious Dohtdong of the HSPDP have won two candidates. So far, 7 candidates from EKH have registered their nomination papers.
Baniar Kharjanoh scored the goals for Umphyrnai in the 28th and 50th minutes.
The winner will receive a cash prize of T.30,000 and the runner-up T.15,000 along with trophies and medals.
He said that when the youth ask for jobs, he as an MLA cannot give them but to show them the way he is ready to help as it is today that he has decided to bring in foreigners. The Constituency shall not be a training provider or a resource person.
The Dorbar Shnong through Ma R Ryngkhlem, has also urged the district authorities to take action against the loss of money collected from the gate.
KSU, FKJGP, Seng Samla Saitsohpen, Sumo Drivers Association have expressed their deep sorrow and demanded that the police chief should be punished. Many Sumo drivers were arrested on the day of the checking and threatened that if the government does not do anything, they will take other measures.
He said, “We believe that a clean environment not only leads to a better quality of life but also strengthens the security activities of the country.
Ribok Hynniewta took two wickets in seven overs, Teimi Passah took two wickets in seven overs and Heimonlang Lyngdoh took two wickets in seven overs.
At the same time, these are also helpful to relieve the appearance of inflammation, blood clots.
Walseng registered his name before the Returning Officer of Rongjeng Constituency, Reuben Momin at his DC office in Williamnagar.
Put the water in a plastic bottle and leave it for about 6 hours a day to make the water safer to drink.
When many residents wanted to express to the government that they don't have safety and security in their areas, the MDA government has ignored and ignored the peace and security. of the state.
Does the government have any responsibility for this behavior of the Warkaris?” The Warkaris, who took part in the march from Alandi to Vithal Temple in Pandharpur, started religious service on July 11th.
Other programs included traditional songs by groups led by Kong Larihun Mawlong and Bah EW Kharsahnoh who attracted the attention of the participants.
Speaking to reporters, she said that after Lyngkhoi did not come home anymore, she demanded that he provide her with food and drink and her necessities but most of the time she said that he did not come home. He also sent an SMS to her and she informed the East Jaintia Police Station about the incident so that she could walk safely.
Look at the election, You will ask for our support; But if you don't listen to us, We won't help you either.
Therefore, man needs to know the truths of the Bible, the Word of God, because it has power and truth.
According to a statement sent by Commander Shangpliang, President of the Joint Action Committee of All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JACAMFU), the organization demands that the government should introduce and implement a policy on agriculture. He said that the party is pleased to see Bah PN Syiem who has expressed and spoken on the issues of the farmers.
He welcomed all the elders who attended the meeting and also all the elders of the District and the State.
Speaking to Rupang.com, Jalal Uddin said that he has just arrived and is now at home, where he and others at home are in good health. good.
Shillong, June 24 : The NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang on Monday clarified that the rumors spread on social media that he has spoken against church leaders are baseless.
I don't blame or blame; Everything is just my opinion, Please forgive me.
The Meghalaya Kayak Festival (MKF) is an international canoe competition.
“There are five issues that will be submitted to the Expert Committee headed by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh and before doing so, we have brought them before the CEC of you party.
Meanwhile, Bah Overlin Imïong, the VPP candidate from Ranikor Constituency, said that the reason why he will contest the election is because he sees that the Ranikor Constituency is still in poverty. after that.
Speaking to Mawphor, the President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah KS Suchiang said, “Since the earthquake, the collapse of hills and rocks on the national highways in Narpuh area, , which has been going on for more than 15 days, the traffic has not been smooth, where only one side of the road is running and traffic jams are still happening in these areas from Tongseng to onwards. Malidor and this is still causing problems to the passengers passing through this road. Most of the vehicles especially small vehicles have been stopped and faced problems due to the snowfall, this snowfall is very severe at Tongseng Bridge and also in other places in the area. Narpuh.
However, he assured that the government will not turn back to revive the soskular that has already been signed.
He recalled the words of God, 'As I have loved you, so you should love one another,' by citing the example of the 'Special Angels of God,' who are servants of Mother Teresa, who follow these commandments, by which they gather the outcasts, to give them life, throughout the world.
He said the government has also taken steps to encourage the people to use solar energy, natural fertilizers to help MeECL to relieve the burden of this. distribution to the public.
Condemning the working methods of the Police under the supervision of Prestone Tynsong, Dr Myrboh said the VPP party strongly condemns those policemen involved in the use of force against The incident which happened on the 4th of this month, during the march of the HITO party, which caused a lot of trouble to the people who were involved in the violence of the police. They were bombed with tear gas.
Nongstoiñ, November 13: The Nongstoiñ Hima today held a commemoration on the 58th death anniversary of Paiem Sibsing Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima.
Every election, political parties have published their election manifestos and many of them have been distributed to the public for reading.
The Principal Secretary, Social Welfare, Sampath Kumar said that the problems that need to be addressed start from the Anganwadi Centers as there are 6 lakh children in the state and there are 273 Anganwadi Centres. existed with over 2000 requiring upgrading.
Shillong, July 23: The MPCC has released the names of the MDC candidates for the KHADC and JHADC elections to be held on 24th June. – Victor Ranee, Nongpoh - Augustine Wahlang, Mawhati -.
According to the husband of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the house belongs to their son.
This was discovered by the HYC Diengiei Circle together with the office bearers of the HYC Krang Unit who visited the road from Mawmaram, Nongthliew, Mawmih Diengiei, Mawlyndep to Umsaw Road. which does the work.
The total number of cases has risen to 14,130 and the death toll has risen to
The goal of the RSS is that all the people of India should follow the Hindu culture and language.
Referring to the recruitment of more staff (non-teaching) in office jobs, he said they had done this even before he joined the university.
“The people are happy with the schemes provided by the central government and as of now the feeling of the people towards the BJP party has changed a lot, so we have to find a party that can bring about development,” he said. , she added.
“The CEM has appreciated the measures taken by the HITO and soon the Executive Committee of the District Council will issue a notice that the NoC can be issued only by the Dorbar Shnong of Rynjah, not by the Dorbar Shnong of Rynjah. Society,” said Bah Donbok in reply to a question from the media.
Shillong: The PWD department through the Chief Engineer (Building) Bah F.Marbaniang has condemned the collapse of the roof of the Jowai Public School and said that it is not due to the fault of the department but the He said that the collapse of the wall was due to the negligence of the school authorities.
Dozens of youths, elders and women came out to participate in the cleanliness drive in the village and roads.
Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Balang, Bah Stephen Wanniang, said that this is the day when they were surprised to see the MLA and others who came to visit for the construction of the well.
The loss is to the small coal miners,” said Bah Rymbai.
Latest reports said that there has been a landslide in several places, Pyrtakuna, Kuliang where the employees of the National Highway Authority of India are still struggling to clear the road. Vehicles are still allowed to travel only on one side of the road. This traffic jam on both sides of the road has caused traffic jam in many places on the road in the Narpuh area.
Ferlin was accompanied by Speaker Timothy D Shira, Chief Whip Marcuise N Marak, former MLA Martin M Danggo and others.
Shillong: Police have arrested Bah Jyllud from Madanryting.
There are 28 MRs of states in India and two Union Territories – Delhi and Puducherry – which also have MRs. yet.
Referring to the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution, the Chief Minister said that the Khasi and Garo languages ​​have reached that stage. recognition as one of the official languages ​​of the country.
It is to be recalled that the KSU has taken action against the government regarding the lack of teachers in the school after the lack of teachers in the subject Science for 10 years.
Shillong, July 24 : The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Government will take a decision based on the recommendations of the Search Committee and the applications. of the private sector to be appointed as the new Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW).
In an accident which happened on 13th June at 10 pm on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi and Saiden village, a man named Ricky Kharmawlong and A Grand i10 (ML 10 B 6966) was seriously injured when the vehicle collided with a Bolero Pick-up (ML 10 B 6966). ML 10 C 0948 and was driven by Tanborlang Kharsiang of Mawiong.
The Minister spent about 15 to 20 minutes inside the ward and also met with the patients who are admitted to the hospital.
The vehicle has been parked in the ground floor of the office of the District Transport Officer, Lachumiere, Shillong.
The HYC said that in June 2022, the road from Khliehriat East to the Deputy Commissioner's Quarter has been left open.
Those people with this disorder are often afraid of social rejection and criticism which is a major problem that can lead to suicidal thoughts and use to the kinds of intoxicants.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the MDA Government in 2021 will work hard to implement the outstanding issues and complete all the development works in the state.
Yami Gautam, who is the star of the film, will leave for China to co-market with Hrithik before the release of the film on July 5,
When asked why the Government does not provide the same benefits as given under the Industrial Policy to the farmers, the Minister said, “The reason is that the farmers are the farmers and the factories. It is a factory according to the definitions of the laws and regulations and therefore, it cannot be discriminated against”.
In the women's category, Soaring Eagles SC beat Wonder Phonix SC 1-0
She said that BJP Mahila Mandal President Vijaya Rahatkar and Secretary Pooja Kapil Misra will visit Shillong on the 22nd of June to prepare for the elections in the state. matters for discussion relating to the plight of women.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Superintendent of Police (City), Bah Vivek Syiem, said that the department from time to time conducts checks on vehicles in urban and suburban areas as part of the to stop the driving of the vehicle.
Noting that many women have voted for the BJP, she said, “When you have seen that women have voted for you, why do you delay, why don't you do it immediately.
“The ISBT will soon be opened at Mawiong Rim and many shops, residential buildings (if any) and other activities will be closed.
The first bloodshed was held in Ïalong, while the Chaad Pastieh ceremony was being held, when the government police came to seize the weapons, according to the law; This is why the Pnar are not killed.
The arrest of these illegal coal traders was made by the EJH Police after conducting a daily raid for the full implementation of the order issued by the NGT. Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has clarified that the Chairperson of the KHADC, Teilinia S Thangkhiew, has not committed any wrongdoing but it is the mistake of the office.
Police have also blocked the road leading to Malo Orasje and Dubona villages as part of the crackdown on the suspect if he tries to leave the area.
Kejriwal told the court that he will not take bail at all because it is a political charge, but he said he would agree to go to court in any case. case, that they need.
However, if the fuel price drops, you too should increase it, so that we the passengers can form another Passenger and Traveler Association.
There are many ways in which the Bank can help the people to improve their economic development.
The MOSONiE Socio-Economic Foundation, while opening the Resource Centre, said that it is part of the celebration of the 8th Anniversary of the Resource Centre. The book of the residents of Umtyrnga.
But that is just a myth to say that all the leaders of religions-Christianity, Islam, Judaism, Sikhism...will go to heaven and sit next to God.
The investigation was led by August Shangpliang, a retired officer of the Council.
Kishan Tibrewalla (MPHF) Assistant Governor as the chief guest. The meeting was divided into two parts.
We have cleaned only the Umkaliar River near Nongmynsong-Demseiniong.
Chapter 6.4 – the Diengdoh family and the Marngar family.
Besides, Torry Dkhar said that from time to time, Tapas and Saijul used to talk loudly and threatened to fire her, just because she was working hard.
But only those who have experienced it understand that it is so, that that is the joy of the soul in the midst of many sufferings of this world.
Shanlang Warjri, MLA candidate from Mairang and Kherup Sing Thabah, Working President of Mairang Circle, have been expelled from the party in a letter sent by the party's State Executive Committee.
By the grace of the Creator, I hope it will be of help to many.
It was also informed that these training programs will focus on training especially for children aged 8 to 15 years.
The order was issued by Noor Ain Khan, Special Judge (POCSO), East Khasi Hills District-Shillong. The case was registered at Rynjah PS. to pay compensation of T.2 lakh to the victim.
Anthony Kharwar top scored with 29 runs from 23 balls and Richard Collin Diengdoh scored 3/13 in 4 overs.
Referring to the government's goal to implement the Tenancy Act, the union said that there is no problem in including the Tenancy Act under the ILP, and if the Tenancy Act is included in the ILP it would be better. , but the ILP may have lost someone's vote bank, said the statement.
Without a doubt, the market vendors and residents of Salonsar have the skills and knowledge to organize, clean, beautify and manage the city of Shillong.
At the same time, Bah Pangñiang recalled that in 2013, there was a proposal to have a Block in Rambrai where one of the landowners donated the land for the C&RD Block. He and other government officials visited the Block Office and provided all the necessary facilities.
Let us wait for this first election in Nongkrem Constituency, which will be held by a majority of people who are different in intelligence, who have never elected more than twice before.
Kong IR Dan, as one of the alumni of this college, explained in detail and clearly the importance of having a strong and honest spirit in personal life and especially in the efforts to build the society as a whole. other.
He said that the government will have to rely on NEIGRIHMS which can test only 30 samples per day for Covid testing but now the state government has set up two bio safety laboratories one at Tura Civil Hospital and one at Pasture Institute Shillong have conducted 52,804 RTPCR tests so far.
Inspector General of Police (R) Shillong.
He said that the allegations by Coming that he is involved in all the work is groundless.
Interestingly, the participation of traders from other ethnic groups has increased the opportunities for trade.
He said the Cooperation Department has done a lot of work under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to promote cooperatives.
Furthermore, it was proposed to create another Assembly constituency in West Karbi Anglong district; to increase the number of Assembly constituencies in Bodoland from 16 to 19, to upgrade Diphu and Kokrajhar Lok Sabha constituencies as Scheduled Tribe constituencies, to continue to make Lakhimpur Lok Sabha constituency as a constituency that does not include any ethnic groups (Unreserved).
He said that this shows that it is the parties in the MDA coalition government that are now starting to stir up trouble before the elections.
During the investigation, Abbasalilu confessed to the media that he was involved in the attacks of these groups in some parts of the country.
Although at that time, no one was walking or standing on the road because it was in the morning, but if it happened at that time, if there were people leaving their homes to go to the road, It was observed that most of these stunts were done in the Laitumkhrah road area.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by Ms NM Momin, Chief Judicial Magistrate cum Secretary DLSA, Khliehriat.
2) Reduce the risk of selfishness:- This issue is especially relevant to the youth, whether they are in the political parties or not.
Therefore, the road has been transferred to Assam.
Speaking to media after the Indigo team completed their walk to visit the Heritage Site through the My City My Heritage programme, he said that the Indio has taken the initiative to announce it by putting it on the front cover of the magazine on the plane with the words Welcome to Shillong for 10 months.
The source said that talks are ongoing to arrange for UDP President and Mairang MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh to return as Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
“We have seen in the past years that these projects are very difficult to complete because of many rules.
The quake could be heard from Lahore, Islamabad, Rawalpindi, Quetta, Peshwa, Kohat, Lakki Marwat and other parts of Pakistan.
It is also impossible to deny the fact that many Khasi have traveled from Dhaka to Kolkata under the guidance of the French and Dykhars.
The story is based on a true incident that happened in Pyrdiwah in 2002 and the director of the play, Bah Raphael Warjri has named it “Hala Kut Shadem” to show the reality of the area in terms of human rights.
Furthermore, there are those who have lost their uniqueness, in which even the language of the thylliej to talk about the story at home, is spoken in a foreign language, so that it is no longer pleasant to speak it. of the language, because in schools or colleges the subject of the Khasi language has been rejected or completely removed from the requirement and it is not allowed to continue studying it.
The BJP said the people knew what Pala was doing as a government minister and Faleiro's request to the people to re-elect him was a lie.
“I feel that the Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare has taken this issue seriously.
Isn't D.C. here ? On the other hand, the District Council, through its Resolutions, can express its views as a Durbar that leads the people of the country in the city and in the countryside.
The death toll has risen to 1,290, according to the state government, with 1,290 deaths in Wuhan, the city with the highest number of deaths.
On the other hand, he said that he believes that Bah AL Hek is his son.
India has also proposed measures on climate-health nexus, given the impact of climate change on public health, and measures to have better preparedness measures for plague.
Regarding the Meghalaya government, is the establishment of the State University only for the purpose of allowing students to sit for the CUET? What kind of idea does the government have? I was shocked to even think about it.
Applications will be accepted until 12th November 2021, please send your application on whatsapp
On the other hand, the reporter has spoken to several women, men and youths who sell land in Laitumkhrah and 9 Lad, where they expressed their They also expressed their anger at their own lives, saying that the time has come for them to leave their homes. house without income and that they should wait for death to take away.
Now this tree in Israel has been standing for about 78 years (70 AD-2021 AD).
The film will feature the song 'Rock On' Ho Kiw Chalo Chalo' sung by Usha Uthup and Bah Shangpliang in Khasi.
This region is still backward in all aspects.
“There are some Adhoc schools which have not been able to appoint new teachers for a year due to the lack of MTET qualified candidates who have applied.
The Court also warned the media that they should comply with the previous order.
Goals from Giorgos Giakoumakis and Giorgos Masouras in the first half helped Greece to move up to second place in Group B from the Netherlands. They have qualified for Euro 2024 with a victory against Austria.
The keys were deposited at the State Bank of India, Ladthadlaboh Branch.
As the audience came to support the film at Bijou Cinema, as a sign of happiness, the actors and actresses were able to dance the song 'Love Story' which has just been released on Youtube.
Pynursla Police Station was immediately informed and came to take the body at about 4 pm from the scene for further investigation.
“Will the UDP-HSPDP alliance open the way for the BJP to take over the households in the state?” he asked.
He also alleged that the Punjab IG has violated the rules of the Lahore High Court (LHC).
Shillong, Nailar 12: “The youth of the Church should be more active, should not be too quick to run to the newspapers when there is any misunderstanding that remains within the organization of the Church,” said Pastor NS Phawa. , on the appearance of two youths, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang and Bah Rickey Cooper to speak to the media on the allegation against the MS and AO of Dr.H Gordon Robert Hospital.
During the election campaign, Pynshngaiñ strongly criticized the Congress party which is leading the government on many issues including the powers of Rangbah Shnong.
The bomb blast on Saturday at Williamnagar market is a terrible act of the party and should be strongly condemned.
Shillong: U Bah Omar T Shangpliang, Commandant of the Border Wing, Mawdiangdiang, Shillong, on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Police that on the 5th of this month at 9:30 pm, four persons were arrested at 9:30 pm. A vehicle (ML-10A-9577) went to the Civil Defense & Home Guard Complex and parked their vehicle outside the gate.
“ “The people of the State have given their decision in the Assembly elections and on this basis the government has been formed, so I think they will have to do their job.
Speaking at the meeting in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong and the people, Das expressed his happiness that he was able to visit this village which has gained a reputation for its cleanliness.
KHNAM demands that the government should do something to ensure that the Khasi community living in Nahar Punji of Srimangal Upazila in Moulvibazar should not be discriminated against and allowed to live a peaceful life without any problems. what is the danger.
I Kong Maya hasn't been drinking for 10 months because of the pain of what happened in her house. Rida hasn't been going to school for 10 months because of the grief of the loss of her father. who can who iai.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting held on 19th July 2024 at the Secretariat, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the Cabinet meeting has approved the The State Anthem will be released on the occasion of the Meghalaya Day on the 20th July 2024 in Tura.
Tura, July 26: Trinamool Congress leaders Lazarus Sangma and Cherak W. Momin have visited the refugees affected by the natural disasters in Garo Hills.
The office bearers confirmed at the meeting include President Diningroy Marwein, Vice President Sanborn Jungai and Kinstar Momin, General Secretary Sainbor John Lyngdoh, Joint Secretary Deviana Syiem, Evangeline Niangti and Senendro R. Marak, Finance Secretary. R. Sparland Khardewsaw, Organizing Secretary Rapborson Kharsynteng and Biarson Marak, Publicity Secretary EG War, Auditors Evansius Marwein and David Lyngkhoi.
The Minister visited this area as part of the Government's initiative to improve the income of the people through the cultivation of siej and planting of Agar trees which has been announced across the state since last year.
I'm not a government official, I'm not a public authority.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said the meeting was held today between the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Trinamool Congress (TMC), the Congress party, the HSPDP and the People's Democratic Front. (PDF) and the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) to discuss and consider the decision as the people have and as MLAs who have responsibility for the country and the nation as a whole.
“The urgent need now is for drinking water, not only Mawlai or other villages in the city or townships are in need of water, Laitumkhrah is one of the most populous villages. “It's been registered but the number of people coming and going is very high,” said the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Andrew.
Furthermore, the JSU has warned against the trucks carrying coal over the border especially the trucks carrying coal from a factory at Wah Deinling.
Replying to the request of the Union Government to turn to solar, wind and thermal power generation, Meghalaya Electricity Minister AT Mondal said that he has informed the Union Minister. Meghalaya has been working hard to turn to solar, wind and thermal power generation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: College students have protested against the Tenancy Bill of the Government in front of the State Central Library, Shillong today. government.
The Wapungskur Congress Unit was formed on 7th Nov, 2020 at the ground floor of the house of Ma Shitlang Pale (MLA) in Dkhiah East.
He said that climate change has become a threat to future generations where people will face many problems especially in the water shortage and the time will come when water will become more expensive than rice and food.
Furthermore, for those who come in the afternoon, there are food shops near the village provided by the Tista Hotel Khliehriat.
I remember that we tried to resolve this issue through an understanding between the Dorbar Shnong and the Society.
The most intense protests we can remember were in 1979, 1987, 1992, 2013, 2014 and 2019 among other years.
He said that today Bah Paul Lyngdoh has invited the UDP leaders who are close to him for a dinner and the dinner was scheduled to be held at Pinewood Hotel at 4 pm. in the evening but later it was moved to the meeting place at the Assembly.
The fastest and brightest of these applications is that of the light in the sky.
However, if we can produce only 100 tons per acre in Dkhar (India) on average, then we in Khasi-Jaintia can produce half a million tyngka. and pan.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 6: The Syiem of Nongstoin Hima has issued NOC to Maheshwari Mining Pvt.
This vision refers to this false Christ who is also the beast who will dwell in the third temple.
Heroin was also seized from the buyer of Kaster Jasa and a large amount of heroin was seized from the house of Kaster Jasa worth T.2.90 lakh and weighing about 29 grams.
At that time, he said that the Hima does not want to interfere, even if the work goes smoothly but if there are any problems, the Hima will not hesitate to interfere.
“All revenue collections will be subject to the GST which will remove the weaknesses in the previous revenue collection system and will remove the impact of inflation,” he said.
In this age, we worship God inside beautifully built churches while the environment outside the church has been destroyed.
He said that this is the time for the people to understand clearly to elect leaders who can do the job because if we make a mistake again to elect leaders it will be a disaster for the people and we will face problems again. Now that the people cannot even meet the MLA but have to meet other people whom he has sent.
Shillong, July 22: After being rejected from the Congress party, Bah Rangphlang Khongwet, who is also known as Bah Rang, has decided to contest the 2014 MDC election from Sohra Constituency. you're shimet.
No one was injured in the incident as the owners of the house were not at home.
However, according to the JBCC officials, although Bah Lapang has received the full support of former MDC William Mynsong, Bah Snomik Kalwing MLA/MDC. They alleged that the ticket was intended to be given to a member of Jirang MLA Bah Victor Rani who is not a member of the party. The Congress also alleged that Bah Victor is a member of the Lambok Mylliem MLA from Jirang.
All the students who took part in the drawing competition are requested to come and collect their prizes on that day at Lumshnong, according to a statement sent. KSU Narpuh Circle Education Secretary Chanmi Syrti.
She said TUR and others will hold another meeting to consider the demands, which have already been submitted to the government.
Rev BK Shangpliang, Vice Principal of Lyngngam Presbyterian College and Secretary to the Governing Body, said that the receipt of this scheme from the NEC has been a blessing to the college especially to the college. The college is founded and run by the Ri Lyngngam Presbytery and it is very difficult to build its own building.
Although she has not yet announced, it has been learned that the candidate has been announced and all that remains is for her to announce in the coming days.
The announcement that these two PDF MLAs will join the NPP is due to the fact that the NPP leaders have informed the NPP office bearers in these two constituencies to hold a meeting. Reports said that the office bearers from the constituencies were surprised to hear the news, but they had to accept if the leaders the NPP has been elected.
If the government does so, the employees in the agriculture offices should no longer sit idle in the offices, but should start going to the villages to train the people how to farm according to this new era.
In a statement issued from Aizawl on Thursday, the Peace Accord MNF Returnees' Association (PAMRA) said that the situation has deteriorated and it is no longer safe for the Meitei people to remain in the country. Mizoram has been arrested for allegedly committing crimes committed by robbers in Manipur.
During the investigation, the suspect confessed that the foreign gold was still with him and the Custom Officers seized 14 pieces of gold packed in two plastic bags. .
The mining and lymmuh of mineral resources is also a major cause of water shortage and at the same time polluting the waters of the rivers, until the death of fish and shrimp. refuse to drink the water that has become poisonous especially near coal mines and mining and dewbilat factories.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the State has always focused on reducing the Maternal Mortality Rate (MMR) and the death of newborns. or the Infant Mortality Rate (IMR).
But when he was young he knew that he was not an Egyptian, he was a Hebrew (Israelite) but he fled to Midian from Pharaoh, and in Midian he married Zipporah.
The program was conducted by IM Nongsiej and the song from the KHB No 526 song book “Ah Trai to called I'u paitbah ba bun” was sung. to read from the Word of God and pray by Mrs. F.Lyngdoh Nongpiur.
New Delhi: The Indian Newspaper Society (INS) has written to the Government of India to abolish the 10 percent tax on newspapers. Thank you very much to the publishers.
No decision has been taken on the alliance, a BJP Meghalaya source said.
There are others who understand, but they are influenced by their own scientific methods.
Of course, there is a reason to make him sad, and that sadness is that the wall of Jerusalem is broken down.
Another reason why Kong Ampareen has decided to contest the MDC election is after Bah James Lyngwa, who was elected earlier as a candidate, withdrew due to illness. you phad.
Nephinton Laloo Memorial Secondary School, Wahiajer came first, Lissi Pearl Secondary School came second and Mookyndur Secondary School came third. Face.
At present, if the President of India does not convene a joint parliamentary session, the Citizenship Amendment Bill will lapse as the term of the Lok Sabha has expired.
This will also be accompanied by the struggle for the inclusion of Garo and Khasi languages ​​in the Eight Schedule of the Constituency of India where the Government as well as various NGOs have joined hands to put forward this demand from the Government of India. .
According to the youth, he has already completed all the requirements and when the police feel that he is old, they should have explained or spoken at the time of his death. to fill out the application forms, but not to take advantage of the applicants or to waste time, to run, to prepare applications with others, because this action by the police department is a bad thing. Therefore, although the age of applicants is sufficient at the time of application, the increase in age is due to the delay of the police department in issuing the results.
There were 10 teams participating in the tournament.
Speaking on Organic Farming, which is another method of farming that has been encouraged in the State, the Minister said that at present, up to 32,000 hectares of land has been under this method of farming. The Government plans to add another 50,000 hectares by
He said that this allegation by the National Party leaders shows that they do not know the history of the state.
Parents are the natural guardians of their children.
The AIM met with the Principal of the College on a complaint from the students to the AIM group regarding the forced expulsion of students by the management of the College. They should wear masks to protect themselves from Covid-19, they should not be given Covid vaccine when they enter the school and so they will not be allowed to enter the college.
He said that the municipal should immediately do its duty to prevent injuries and injuries to children. to the community.
Training was given to the farmers by ICAR scientists including a speech and explanation by Dr.VK Verma, Scientist (Horticulture) who explained on the topic “Challenges in the cultivation of Dr. Ramkrushna GI, Scientist (Agronomy) gave an explanation on how to cultivate Riewhadem and how to improve the soil. fertilizer and also how to conserve water.
Speaking to media, Kharlyngdoh said that besides the demand from the state government, the voice of the people of Mawlai has also elected the Khasi MLAs to ask for their support. On the 31st of November, they distributed a letter to the Mawlai people.
This comes after the state signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Province of Alberta, Canada on 12th July
The state will participate in four sports including Football, Athletics, Boxing, Judo and Shooting.
All the MLAs, Chairman, Deputy Chairman, CEM, Deputy CEM of District Council, State President Women's Wing and President Youth Wing will be the Executive Members while Babeth K Sangma and Nihim D Shira will be the Executive Members. that Adviser you party.
This is the first time that the 44th edition of the FIDE Chess Olympiad will be held in India, which is also the first country to launch the FIDE Chess Olympiad. for the first time since the event was first held in 1927.
“After the elections, I tried to meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma.
The reason for the amendment is because the words Enty and Exit are only in the rules but not in the Original Act”.
Bah Kharbani said that when the foreigners are more paid, they start to use force because even now that they are less paid, they have used force to shoot the Khasi youth. They will demand their rights and Meghalaya will be like Manipur.
The Waheh Shnong of Khanduli said that the residents of Khanduli have decided to hold a night watch because they are afraid that the Karbi may attack Khanduli at night.
According to information, 10 percent of the income is invested in the manufacture of four wheelers.
Speaking on 8th October, on the NPP's winning only two MLAs from East Khasi Hills, she said, “In East Khasi Hills, this time there is a conflict among the people to elect their leaders and This has affected the support of various parties”.
“10 percent of the collection fee, we will invest for the construction,” he said.
It is learned that when the police went to search for the body, the two bodies were inside the thwei.
Among the 19 contestants from across the state, Stella Khongsngi has won the title of Miss Meghalaya 2023 with a cash prize of T.1 lakh.
All residents of Thadmynri Khanduli and other villages bordering Assam have been banned from farming in parts of Assam at this time, even though the district has extended the curfew. for the farmers, but at this time they should farm first in the areas within the district, to avoid the spread of this coronavirus.
He invited her to travel with him.
Many of the teachers especially those in the deficit system do not get all the rights like other govt teachers but the compensation is the same.
According to him, a social agreement has been signed between the Home (Jail) Department and the Urban Affairs Department to relocate the Shillong District Jail to New Shillong Township.
She also urged the farmers to improve their cattle breeding so that they can meet the needs of the villagers.
It is a great loss to the states and the country as a whole if all the skilled and intelligent people leave their own state or leave the country completely, just because of the lack of training here. .
Ma Andrew alleged that the money was distributed between the CEM and some MDCs close to him only for their own personal gain, without thinking about the future of the council and treating the employees unfairly. They have lost their salaries and have been struggling to provide for their needs in their homes for 6 months.
He said that the support of the VPP from the people is strong and therefore the government should not take stingy on this demand of the party.
Ampareen Lyngdoh told reporters that the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Besides Bah Sounder S.Cajee, the officials of MCSEPAC and the football fans were also present.
Therefore, it is necessary to change from the tunnel method.
, in which they were directed to cooperate and comply with engineering standards and to ensure to reduce traffic jam in the area.
The current Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, 2016 seeks to release foreigners who have smuggled in without proper documents.
Tej said he no longer talks well to his wife, Aishwarya, who is the daughter of Chandrika Rai, the former transport minister in Bihar.
This is according to a statement issued by the Secretary.
The agreement of Niakha and her children about their child was decided to be fulfilled on that very day.
I believe that this work will soon be done in Khasi-Jaintia as well.
While on the part of the Seng, we are still sleeping on this issue which affects our state, these others are in a state of shock; They have announced to the world that they are ready for the NEP without witnessing their readiness.
Lammida O Dkhar (30), Heiminmiki Dkhar (34), Banshan Lytan (46) and Meroily Lytan (57) scored the four goals.
This day is also a day to commemorate the Digital and 4.0 Industry in the North East which will open up many opportunities and opportunities in the field of Digital for the youth in the coming days. to come.
Through his hard work, he was able to publish this book which informs about the border of Meghalaya.
It is said that when he fell dead, his body did not fall to the ground and remained lying on the sword and summed like speh diengkhied.
Mawkyrwat, November 17 : The All Meghalaya Trinamool Congress (AMTC) of Mawkyrwat Block Riwar Zone today opened the tournament. The 1st Rowell Lyngdoh Memorial Volleyball Tournament 2022 was held at Tynnai Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
There have been 93 recoveries today and one of them is from East Khasi Hills and one from the Armed Forces.
“When I open a project in Khasi Hills, there is a question from Garo Hills, where I ask, how about Garo Hills, when I open a project in Garo Hills, The question arises, how about the Jaintia Hills and I make it clear that this MDA government does not discriminate against any ethnic group, race or religion and we do not discriminate between Khasi, Garo. or Jaintia Hills, but when there is a need for development, we take the decision to bring about development,” he said.
He said that the people who come to taste these soh from Meghalaya cannot help but bring or buy them, because they say that if they taste this soh it is tasty and different from others. you don't have to go around the state.
The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam will meet again at a meeting in Assam on Saturday to continue the talks on the second round of border settlement.
Shillong, July 25: The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday criticized the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) for failing to promise in its election manifesto to support T.10,0 Farmers through the Farmers' Assistance for Rural Meghalaya (FARM) Scheme once a year.
In the second half, Mawsawrit SC played well and scored a goal.
The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sports Association (RMSW&SA) is one of the oldest associations in the Riwar Mihngi.
Among the many species of flowers, the poet names only two species of flowers which are more common in the hills of Sohra and they are the sohkhah tree and the pawang hill tree.
The match will be played at 2 PM. Shillong Lajong and East Bengal played 2-2 last year on 5th October in Shillong.
Volunteers can come to the Civil Defense Office at Umlyngkdait near DC Bungalow in Nongpoh during working hours on 5th June,
Shillong: The KSU Lawbah Border Area Circle under the leadership of Samborlang Shabong, President of the KSU today visited the CHC at Mawsynram.
Sumitra said that she did not accept that her daughter died in a car accident.
Everyone has complained about the deterioration of the road from Shillong to Dawki, but, about a few months ago, I went, without killing anyone, to Kongwang village and before reaching the village, I went outside. conditions of the highway; However, as soon as the juti was in the niut along the road, the stem covered the whole patlun, because it was covered with pump suda and the jam on the road, it turned color and dirty, the patlun and The juti, until, had to be washed thoroughly with water, to go to the village of the people.
We will decide at the meeting what is best to do to get the Governor's approval,” said Shylla.
The team of West Jaintia Police was led by Additional SP DrVD Sangahiwot Rymbai and the team of referees was led by Kermi Pasi.
Others who have been elected include Donborlang Kurbah Vice President, Balbiangty Thabah Asst.Secretary, Charles Khyriem Finance Secretary, Edmund Kurbah Social Secretary, Khlain Synshar Sun Organizing Secretary, Albert Kurbah Asst. Organizing Secretary, Wealthy Born Field Sun Publicity Secretary and Bah Glamor Malngiang as Asst.Publicity Secretary, along with Executive Members.
Shillong, Naitung 7: Three children who escaped from the Juvenile Home in Cleve Colony have been recovered yesterday.
:U Bah Lakmen Rymbui, Chief Adviser Government of Meghalaya and MLA of Amlarem Constituency in the presence of Bah Pius Marweiñ MLA of Ranikor Constituency today cut the ribbon and opened the ceremony. Deputy Commissioner SWKHD, Avin Warbah, BADO, C&RD Block Ranikor, GD Kharwanlang, Superintendent of Police, Ranikor were also present at the ceremony. SWKHD and other government officials.
Shillong, March 11: Various political parties in Jaintia Hills District will hold a meeting on the 14th of this month at 3 pm at Paradiso Conference Hall, Iawmusiang, Jowai, on the delimitation of new constituencies. of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
Therefore, it is necessary to cut down the root, it is not useful to cut off only the branches.
The bus has the number ML
Although human morality has declined in many aspects of society, it should not lead to despair, but ways and means should be sought to improve and reinstill in people the spirit of self-confidence so that that they may return to the days when good manners among the nation were still standing.
Furthermore, at the beginning of the independent state, the candidates were steadfast and intelligent in serving the people and in the exercise of power; but now there is a marmon which has become too widespread for the chiefs and the wicked who have deceived and hidden themselves in the nationalism.
In the hearing, a bench comprising Chief Justice Uma Singh and Justice TN Singh ordered the CEM to appear in person in the court on Monday. Speaking after leaving the court, the CEM's lawyer, Bah GS Massar, said that the court has ordered the CEM to leave. appeared in person in court on Monday to hold another hearing.
The incident occurred when the residents of these two villages received information on the 10th July morning when someone went to the area and found the landslide and the disappearance of the house. and as soon as they saw it, they sent word to the village.
Such a thing has never happened in Meghalaya until there are those who have gone to the police station to demand the truth.
Shillong, Lber 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the state government is still in doubt whether the central government will allocate funds for the proposal to build a new airport in the state.
 Santa, they say, comes from Atoskhana at a time when you don't know.
He said that the Act clearly states that the Act will not apply to the areas under the jurisdiction of the District Council without the consent of the District Council. 1973 and urged the CEM to issue a notice through the Executive Committee to implement these two laws. Establishment of Town Committeewe) Act 1960 and The United Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (Establishment of Town Committee) Act 1962.
Those who witnessed the rally included Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the symbud chief guest, Bah Victor Rani MDC Jirang, Bah Balajied. Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Paiem H Wahlang Syiem of Jirang Hima, AMKA leaders including Senior Adviser, Robert Jones Ronghang President, Albinus Timung, Bistocan Timung and many others.
Many petitions have been lodged with the government on the state of education and the government has accepted them after careful examination, he said.
These include 4 cases from Khasi-Jaintia Hills and one from Garo Hills.
Jowai, Naiwieng 09: The continuation of the Office Order under Section 144 Cr PC, No.179/Pt V/CA/MU/NGT/131, Dt.7/08/2 The District Magistrate of Meghalaya has ordered the District Magistrate to renew the order of the Meghalaya High Court in accordance with the Order of PIL No. Jowai District, Jowai has re-issued Section 144 Cr.
Every Lord's Day morning, Revelation School students (except Cradle Roll) read aloud Bible verses and portions of the History of Jesus Christ, the books of Acts and Leader.
It is through the availability of special subjects that as a nation, we can continue to produce more heroes, swordsmen and intellectuals who will fight for the preservation and preservation of our unique identity. as a nation.
cases from West Khasi Hills, 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 193 cases from Ribhoi, including 189 civilians, 72 cases from West Jaintia Hills, 18 cases from West Garo Hills and 55 cases from East Garo Hills.
The Seng has also witnessed that in many places where there are troops, there have been riots even to the point of force and injuries have caused problems to our fellow citizens who live nearby in those areas.
God created the world and all mankind, they are under the power of His own order.
“We’re at war, it’s not really, a terrorist raid.
“Such incidents have happened from time to time when teachers have been in trouble but it was only since October 2015 that teachers have had to demand their rights until they receive their salaries,” he said. and Kharmujai.
At the end of the first half, a check of T.2 lakh was distributed to the associations affiliated with the MFA to hold football tournaments in their areas as part of the initiative. MFA and the state government to provide sports facilities in all districts of the state.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, Bah L Kharbani, President of HANM, said that the meeting with the DC was on the high price of food items in these days. In this meeting, the union has made it clear that if nothing can be done to reduce the price within 10 days, the union will hold a strike.
In a statement signed by UDP General Secretary Allan F Dkhar, the High Court on 7th July 2013 has issued an order to allow the Central Bureau of Investigation to appeal. “We feel that in order for the investigation to go smoothly and to be holy it is right for a person holding a high position in the public service to step down to let the law do its thing without any intimidation or without any bias if The statement also released to the media said that corruption in the education department cannot be done anything because the same minister has not. “It is your duty to remove her from the Cabinet,” the letter said.
“The residents of Laskeiñ Block need this hospital which has helped and served them a lot, especially the patients who don't have to go to the hospital. It has been very convenient even for the residents of Block 1 because it is close to them to come for treatment here.
Shillong, Jymmang : Mawlai MDC Teiborlang Pathaw together with the Village Authorities of Mawlai Motsyiar have met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong for the road to connect Mawlai Umjaiur.
He said that the central government has approved this initiative of the state government.
When police arrived at the residence, they found Eric, a student of Florida International University, lying dead on the ground with bullet wounds.
At the meeting, the Prime Minister informed that the police are conducting investigation to arrest another NSCN-IM leader who is still on the run.
This is our decision,” he said.
The challan is 9 tons.
The Minister agreed to reply by saying that the reply of the Minister of PWD is not sufficient and he should reply tomorrow.
The Hima Nonglang Sirdarship has taken action to bring 25 residents of Malchapara village under the Hima Nonglang who have been arrested and searched by the Assam Police to the Headquarters. and the kingdom shall send them away, that they may flee into the wilderness.
In Kuliang village, the earthquake has been severe and at any time it could collapse due to the landslide.
Bah Synjri said that tourists don't stop coming to Nongjrong every day and the youth have to take advantage of this tourism industry.
Speaking at the meeting conducted by the Rangbah Shnong, Hamewan Laloo, the Chief Guest, Guest of Honour, Andrew and the Rangbah Shnong of the village in the construction of this dorbar hall or Yung-walieh.
Members and office bearers of the Mahila Nongstoin Block Congress (WBC) Ditina Marwein, President of the Mahila Nongstoin Block Congress, led the meeting with the DC. The Committee was accompanied by Bah Gabriel Wahlang, Congress candidate who lost the last election, Bah N Nongdkhar, former MDC of the constituency and others. Many of the leaders of the Congress party.
Now I have joined ULFA (I) because I am worried about the future of Assam”.
There will also be a cash prize for the winner.
In the first leg, Wahsder FC beat Lelad FC 4-0. In the second leg, Khlieh Ummynnang FC beat Shlaiñ FC 2-0 Members and office bearers of Iongkaluh Social and Cultural Sport Club, village members and others.
Bah Apmon said that in his village, the use of plastic bags is no longer allowed and even the kwai is covered with leaves and not packed in plastic bags.
They inform that these factory owners are now on the run from the law.
Benedic War scored the second goal in the 4th minute and Ibamonhi Suting in the 34th minute.
“I would also like to urge the youth not to fall into evil deeds that will lead them to evil deeds.
Success will not come without hard work", he added.
She said that after they fled, she prayed that if he was at home, she was afraid that they would do the same to Bah Cheris.
According to the State Sports Council (SSC), the government has allocated funds to improve football grounds across the country.
This permission of the State Government does not allow all the coal workers to transport their coal products according to their ability or needs.
Shillong, July 03: Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie has admitted that it is not the responsibility of the Congress party to elect the CEM of KHADC. MDC doesn't want to fight.
Remember the words blab blab or lap lah does not bring good, the elders say, "take care of the thylliej", that's why bah sanbor you remember or forgot that you said to pass If the CAA is implemented, how else? change the language, Don't be lymbit.
Shillong, Naitung 29 : The Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Om Biral today inaugurated the 20th Annual Conference of the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association (CPA). III for two days in Shillong.
All the office bearers of the Meghalaya Professional Boxing Council including Ricky Cooper Pathaw (President), Bah Phrangbhalang L Mawnai (Working President), Kampherki Thangkhiew (Genera Secretary) and others were present on the occasion. The KSU Upper Shillong has invited Bah Hopefulmoon L Mawnai, Finance Secretary KSU Upper Shillong as the chief guest and Bah Shngaiñlang Sohkhlet President KSU Upper Shillong as the symbud chief guest.
We don't know exactly how much the state government has to spend for these types of officers.
Ms. Susana Khongwir explained to the students how to understand when choosing higher education by implementing SWOT Analysis.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, in reply to a question in the House during the Question Hour and in reply to a Supplementary Question by Zenith Sangma, He said that the state government will soon implement the Sport Policy in the coming months. The Sport Policy of the state was released on 12th November
The Sky walk project has been proposed as part of the measures to reduce traffic congestion in the city.
The award is not to encourage but to encourage the police department to work to build closer and better relationships with the people in all parts of the state.
The union hopes that the government will take action on the demands of the union and implement them before the Civil Subdivision celebrates its 50th anniversary, said a statement from Samla E Langstang, Publicity Secretary WJSU. Shillong: The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, today said that the department is aware of the decline in the price of synsar in the state.
He said that the KHADC will consider to meet with the JHADC and GHADC to take the same view when they go to the Supreme Court to insist on the land acquisition. All three District Councils are equal and are covered by the 6th Schedule.
Speaking after a meeting with the MDCs of the party, the Congress Parliamentary Party (CPP) leader in KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, said that the party will sit in the opposition and does not expect to lead. to the executive committee.
The JSU led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and General Secretary Kerrydiam Lamin has met with the Commandant of BSF, Dawki BOP UP Kumar to request him to strengthen border security especially in unsafe areas and prevent criminals from committing crimes.
Cleanse the body of waste and the enzymes in the heart work properly in cleansing many of the tissues inside the body and thus protect the body's immune system from any harm. .
Question : The three Immoral Laws are adopted as a law that prioritizes the safety of Women and Children above all other matters.
Shall I give an example of how the Khasi family can lose its longtrai on the land? As the demand and expenditure on basic necessities, such as school fees and health care, increases, hundreds of Khasi families will lose their livelihood and live without land.
“You have seen the large number of people at this meeting, I urge the candidates to leave and come and support us, because no matter what you do, it will not happen. three more.
Shillong: U North Shillong MLA, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, today demanded that the government should appoint an independent judicial inquiry into the incident. and at the new Legislative Assembly building in Mawdiangdiang.
In this regard, it was observed that the officer did not mention any rule that the Principal had violated until she was summoned to explain or appear.
Mamata also accused many soldiers of dying in Chhattisarh, but Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah are still busy creating ethnic tensions in Bengal. “I will not allow the Gujaratis to rule Bengal, because Bengal should be ruled by the Bengalis, not the Gujaratis,” she said.
Those who attended the groundbreaking ceremony included Bah BW Phira, Superintendent Engineer, PWD (Roads), Jowai Circle Bah RD Pakyntein, Executive Engineer, PWD (Roads), South Jowai Division.
The SELCO Foundation also aims to make all health facilities in the North East equipped with solar power by
Meanwhile, the Deputy Commissioner of Sylhet said they discussed how to make the border area between Meghalaya and Bangladesh safe and free from crime and illegal activities.
This is something that really affects our families living here in Meghalaya, because we are suffering especially those families who still have children who are studying in various universities.
The audition will be held on the 7th November 2019 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar from 10:00 am.
Daryl, who was the Congress candidate in the 2014 MP election, was defeated by PA Sangma by about 40,000 votes.
The State Government should strengthen the law to curb drug users”.
The district authorities of Nashik said that the snow had filled the ground floor of the hospital and the ground was whitened by the snow.
In connection with this incident, the Rangbah Dong of Nongkya, Bah K.Marbaniang, today the MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, has donated a donation to the family. He donated money to this woman for her urgent needs at his office in Nongpdeng.
The Shillong City Youth Conference on Tuesday expressed its concern over the increase in crime in the state especially against women and children.
In the afternoon, prizes were awarded to all the winners and a list of prizes was announced by all those who came to witness this wonderful tournament.
The greatest threat to any nation in this world is the forgetfulness or ignorance of the ancestors of the sword, the heroes who fought to save their nation from the attacks. foreign rule and at the same time from eternal slavery.
Nongpoh, Lber 23: The Umsning Town Dorbar of Ri-Bhoi District will hold a Carnival and three-day fete from 24-26 October
Phuhlin Talang I gave her words of gratitude to the teachers who have brought such a program to be introduced in schools.
The government should have turned its attention to these farmers who have been debt-ridden, so that the farmers will be more strong-minded.
The election in Sohiong constituency had to be postponed after the death of the candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh who had filed his nomination papers to contest as the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
The question arises again here.
On the other hand, he said that the police are investigating the members of the Sengbhalang and they will continue to protest. what happened.
Dr Mawthoh said the Coordination Committee of these two parties has a desire to join hands as the people want in one umbrella of ethnic parties in the state.
He also mentioned the need to provide a good environment for judges, lawyers, court staff to ensure smooth running and speed of delivery of justice.
This is the first time that Zoramthanga has submitted his resignation letter as President of the MNF despite the fact that the party has won elections in 1989, 1993, 2008 and
It is only an expression of anger against the State Government and the Police Department to provide security to the people living in the border villages,” he said.
In addition, from now on, the cleanliness drive should be conducted twice a month to clean up the morning of all the villages.
The match between Jarain SCC and Man Ibha ended with a draw in the Super Division Football League organized by Amlarem SCC on Tuesday.
“It’s safe.
“With the 30-year lease, the MTDC will generate revenue of more than T.100 crore and this will make the MTDC strong in terms of funds.
The Government should not force or force that Adhar depends on the freedom of thought of each and every citizen of the area.
As soon as the MDA government took over in 2018 under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma of the NPP, it started to stir up strict rules against non-government teachers.
The BJP in this constituency has been encouraged by the support of Dr. Donkupar Roy from Shilliang Wah Umrew who also spoke at the meeting and these include Bah Larbha Mawkon from Mawkliaw. -Kemrang, Baklai from Nongjri, Phelin Rynjah, former Sordar of Nongjri, Nanglamlad Khongshah, former Sordar of Umniuh-Tmar, came to support Grace Mary Khapuri. Grace announced that she will no longer contest from Shella constituency.
Noting that the incidence of drug abuse has increased with the passing of the days, Bah Basaïawmoit said that this evil has spread even to the rural areas of the State especially in Khasi-Jaintia Hills. .
The money was withdrawn and deposited into three bank accounts allegedly belonging to Rhea, her brother and her mother.
Shillong, November 11: U Congress MLA from Pynthor, Bah Alexander L Hek, has expressed doubts whether he will contest again from the party this time. the decision of the sponsors.
They see that the philosophy of the HNLC is that it stands firmly with the spirit of patriotism (Hynïewtrep Nationalism) whether it is in politics, education or society.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Rangbah Shnong of Lumrit, Bah Orktbest Kharumnuid said, “We the residents of the villages including the nine villages will not accept to recognize the temporary Rangbah Shnong. The Rangbah Shnong has welcomed Bah Lamjingmut Nongspung as the Rangbah Shnong.
Members of the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Thursday staged a sudden stand at the Main Secretariat with slogans and placards demanding the implementation of the Inner Liner Permit (ILP). at the same time to oppose the Government's plan to build a railway line in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
On this occasion, KSU Mawlai Circle through its president Samla Biangbor Paliar expressed its gratitude to the academy as part of the development of the academy. They are the ones who have the skills to play football, and especially when we look at these times that many young people have become addicted to alcohol and it is through the presence of such educational institutions. it will help young people to avoid the habit of drinking alcoholic beverages.
They first met with the CEM of KHADC and after that, they met with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and who expressed their opposition to the KHADC. This group is paid Garo.
Also present on the occasion were Chief Secretary Rowell Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs Roshan Warjri, DGP SK Jain, Principal Secretary Arts and Culture, PW Ingty and Director of Arts and Culture, Kong. Matsiewdor W.Nongbri at a meeting organized by the Department of Arts and Culture.
There will also be vaccination for frontline workers (FLW), the elderly aged 60 years and above who are not ill and who have completed 2 vaccinations and at least 9 months from the date of they take the tika for the second time.
Ed through NIOS. This has also been extended from time to time where those who have completed the D.El.
Therefore, it is necessary for the JHADC and JMB to act according to the agreement to resolve this issue immediately.
In this regard, the union questions the government that besides the lack of electricity, the electricity bill is still increasing. The union demands that the government through MeECL should clarify on this issue and the government should not. don't just turn off the board without any reason.
Sharma was the top scorer with 3/3
The debit card and website were launched by MA Challam, Extra Assistant Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District at a meeting chaired by Bah TW Blah.
When asked, the KSU WKH leader said that he does not know how much money has been collected in the last two months but he will inform soon after the KSU has completed the arrangements.
But how can we see that longing within our souls? I used to ask myself and I hope you too can ask the same question that I ask from time to time and that is, what makes a country grow in terms of income and another to remain in poverty and misery? And what answer can we give to the problems we face in society? In my research, I have found that many countries where the Word of God (the Bible) has taken root or rules are indeed the countries that have received blessings through the coming of the Gospel in their countries.
On other issues raised by the farmers, he said the union has already discussed with the government.
Besides, he also asked the government how far the entry and exit points have been set up in Ri Bhoi to check the entry of foreigners.
The Dorbar Shnong Sabahmuswang has organized this festival to raise funds for the construction of the Community Hall of the village.
When he confesses that he is involved in the murder, he must tell who is involved, otherwise he must say that he is the one who killed his children and not that he is involved in the murder.
The four arrested were identified as Uma Shankar Rai, 25, Ramji Rai, 50, Suraj Rai, 32 and Lallu Rai,
Since the beginning of the lockdown we have seen that all the village authorities and volunteers have been working hard day and night in their respective villages to educate the villagers to follow the rules and regulations as directed. by the government.
The Chief Minister said that the government has not taken light from the NTPC, which is surprising how it can stop the supply of electricity to the state, because the remaining money is not new.
It doesn't matter if it takes a few months to reach an agreement so that it will be for the benefit of both nations, not only for our children but especially for the benefit of both nations. to the longdien that shall not come.
The curfew has been called as a sign to show the government that it has not been able to clean up the garbage in Jowai after the DS within three days through an application to the Deputy Commissioner to take the necessary action.
Damascus, the capital of Syria, will be destroyed by American bullets, and Israel's eastern cities (Aroer) will become a desert.
The final day of the Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the office of the District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District has been closed. T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, was also present.
The compensation was released on Tuesday after the families of the four deceased sent a new petition to the court against the Assam government for delaying the payment. according to not ordered by the court.
On the other hand, the leaders of the team said that this is an example to many of the youth in the state who have various talents as well as sports skills that they should not waste their time but to improve and minute. thop, so that they can reach higher levels which is the pride of the family, the community and the state as a whole.
Furthermore, the RBYF leader urged the vehicles to use the road from Umdu to Umling instead of using the road. heavy vehicles and which is also a road that is not used by the public for transportation.
In some municipalities, that is, the big towns, in this country of India, they have done the same even to the land.
Now the people of Gujarat are very sad because your leaders are not willing to go to the people.
Furthermore, the authorities were urged to repair the traffic lights and complete the construction of footpaths and guard walls for the safety and benefit of the people.
Hamlet won his first MLA election in 2018 from Mylliem Constituency and became a Minister in the Government.
He added that the UGC rules state, “as part of our work, it is our duty to teach and enforce responsibility,” “Only after the publication of the Service Book by the Government. Meghalaya, the state has taken over from Assam which does not ban teachers but it is only within a few years that the State Government has introduced a law ban ban teachers from participating in politics,” he said. added.
We have held many meetings with officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government, and the State Government as well.
The Gehlot government has denied on Pilot's testimony that there has been any implementation.
Furthermore, a talent show of the youth and a competition of the best girls and boys of Mawkyrwat Village were also held.
Maitshaphrang through Bah Michael N.Syiem Convenor recalls that in collaboration with the Jaiaw Laitdom Youth Association, the Street Play has been staged; “The Drama of Phan Nonglait” was performed in many parts of Shillong and Nongkhlaw in 1994 and 1995 to tell about the heroic deeds of Phan Nonglait to the nation and the world as a whole.
At the same time, he wished them to continue to work hard so that they can be an example to other youths of the community and the nation as a whole.
Nongpoh: Members of FKJGP Umsning Circle together with members of KSU Umsning Circle recently arrested Muslim foreigners from a Traveler Force vehicle number UP11 AT At 11:30pm, members of the union conducted an investigation into these mynder after it was found that these mynder had parked their vehicle near the petrol pump and there were also Some of these mynder were sleeping on the ground of the petrol pump while others were trying to sleep inside the vehicle.
According to the land title dated Umwali 14/6/2018, the name of the house is Ranabumlon and the surrounding boundaries are as follows: Trinly Thongni's house and Umwali village road.
Ladthadlaboh didn't play well in this match and didn't convert some of the golden opportunities they had.
He said that officers and engineers have inspected the ground and the target has been set to complete the cleaning of the plastic before December this year.
The EJHDFA has announced that the Under-16 Football Tournament will start from next month, on the 28th of July.
With the passing of the days, tens of thousands of youths have applied for vacancies in various departments of the State Government.
Once they have received those figures, they should check through the Right to Information (RTI) Act, 2005 whether the funds allocated to them have been used properly. They should also visit the villages to verify whether the government has built roads, schools, health centers and other necessities.
“We know that Bah Andrew will leave the party and what Bah Andrew takes is mostly on the advice of Dr RC Laloo and I don't think we should take any punishment against him because he is a man who has lived a good political life,” said Bah Pala.
In the second leg of the second leg, Umlyngsha FT and Lakadong Ummat SCC beat Natbor FT and Lama YSC 2-0 MDC Sutnga Narwan Constituency on Thursday inaugurated the Extension Community Hall of the Sutnga Dorbar Shnong.
The Judicial Committee headed by Justice (retd) BP Katakey has convened a meeting to collect information and replies from the Government after directing the Government to ensure the implementation of the rules. of the Supreme Court and the National Green Tribunal (NGT) banning the illegal mining and transportation of coal.
Now when the winner has become the Nongmihkhmat, they don't count people anymore and you can't move anymore, because they are enslaved by threatening not to give schemes anymore, if you run away.
The vehicle has a 200kWh battery and will cover a distance of 620 meters per charge.
According to the minister, according to the rules of the education department, one teacher should teach 30 students.
It is this ability to produce films on Youtube that has opened the door for talented filmmakers.
In the U-14 boys category, KB Memorial Secondary School from East Jaintia Hills will play against HK. In the U-17 boys category, the final will be between Assam Rifle Public School of East Khasi Hills and Rymbai Presbyterian Hr.Sec.School of East Jaintia Hills. In the U-17 women's category, the two schools that reached the final were Saiden Secondary School from Ri Bhoi against Iewrynghep Secondary School from East Khasi Hills.
On the passing away of Simon Siangshai, the Seng Kur Phawa Siangshai sends its condolences to his children, wife and brothers.
Sharma said the filing of the case since 2019 is to change the discussion on the Adani scandal and the relationship between the Prime Minister and to Gautam Adani.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 28: UDP candidate from Jirang Constituency and his entourage escaped injuries after their vehicle was stoned by robbers from Assam. The incident took place at Jorobat, on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
Shillong, July 08: The VPP MLA from North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on Tuesday suggested to the State Government to send an inspection team to the engineers and Experts have visited the old nar bridge adjacent to the Umïam Bridge to examine whether it is still neem which can only allow vehicles to pass through this nar bridge.
The palm oil industry is the commercial production and export of oil from palm trees.
India's richness in culture was also demonstrated through the month-long 'Kashi Tamil Sangamam' held in Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh with the aim of preserving, strengthening and restoring the historical relations between Tamil Nadu and Kashi – the two ancient centers of the country associated with education.
Others, the Pharisees, Sadducees, and scribes, did not like what Jesus did.
Expressing the shortage of electricity in the state, he said that until now most of the electricity has to be bought from abroad, so he appealed to the people to be careful and disciplined in the use of electricity.
In this small state, it is not necessary to count the number of Khasi women who marry Dkhar men compared to the number of Khasi men who marry Dkhar women.
This comes after one person who was admitted to Robert Hospital and another person who was admitted to NEIGRIMHS Hospital tested positive today.
However, he said that only on the 14th they saw on social media that he had been criticized and his name had also appeared as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Police who raided near Byrnihat Out Post immediately arrested Naba Singh.
The UDP has eight MDCs in KHADC. “We hope to form an EC in KHADC,” said Pius after taking oath.
At that time there were state and non-state states which were not ruled by the kings and which were not ruled by the French,” he added.
The semi final was held in Shillong on the 5th.
He said that the Government has set a target to complete all the projects in the state.
The match today will be between Moosalyngkat FC and Wahiajer FC at 12 noon.
States/UTs shall establish independent State School Standards Authorities (SSSAs).
ER Ryngkhlem swore in and confirmed the leaders of the Forum including Helping Phawa as Chairman, Satly Ryngkhlem and Dunno Nongpluh as Vice Chairman and Justine Dkhar former MLA as Spoke Person. , Thomas Nongtdu as Finance Officer and Kermi Ksoo as Legal Adviser.
Eventually, the respondent became like a self-righteous priest.
Athletes shall be allowed to participate in the Games only if they have no affiliation or connection with the Russian Federation or the Republic of Belarus, their national federations or the National Olympic Committee. Committee of the two countries.
Building roads and especially widening roads required a lot of land.
On the same day, a meeting was held at RLSSCO Community Hall, Bishnupur Shillong, at 2 pm and sports equipment was distributed to 100 teams including schools, colleges, clubs, youth organizations and other groups from that constituency.
These farmers, complained about the increase in the tax in Iewduh, which if you count the Syiem's ​​fee, transportation fee, vehicle fee and others, it reaches T.30 per 25 kilos.
He said the meeting today is one example of ensuring cooperation between the Central Government and the State Governments for the holistic development of the North East.
The program was conducted by the Vice President of the Society, Bah H.Bang.
The Dorbar Shnongs should protect the community if they really have the spirit to improve the society because without the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs the government authorities will find it difficult to maintain it. and peace shall be in all the lands.
Therefore, classes were suspended on Tuesday at the school.
What we want to say here is that it is necessary to seek information about astronomy and astronomy.
In the match, although PSG drew 1-1 with Strasbourg, they were ready to win the title.
I as one of the citizens of India (Hindustan) cannot help but express my feelings according to the provisions of the Constitution of India.
Many of the educated youth who have completed various levels of education do not stay in the village because of the lack of employment opportunities for the youth and other income generation activities. The most sad thing is that especially the young girls who have to look after the household of their parents, but have to go to work to earn a living away from their parents. Therefore, there is no way to get a job.
The curfew was announced by various political parties in the opposition including the Congress, Trinamool Congress, BSP and others.
This happened in all the shops in East Jaintia Hills District including local shops and foreign shops.
Welcome speeches were delivered by DP Kharsati MCS, ADC, Jowai, DP Marak, Addl SP East Jaintia Hills District, SC Laloo MCS, DFO Social Forestry, JM Pohsngap, DFO Social Forestry. Officer Club Jowai.
“On the 1st of April, we will start our strike by staying at your residence, we will bring together our relatives and children, who have suffered from the loss of jobs. of you"he added.
Look at what happened on Saturday after a fire in a stone house in Khyndailad.
BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin has requested the HNLC not to continue the peace talks with the State Government or the Central Government.
They were accompanied by the General Secretary of the Local Taxi Welfare Association, Wandonbok Jyrwa and the Adviser of the Taxi Association, Disparsing Rani.
On the other hand, the two government officials who visited the area admitted that the water shortage in the area is very severe especially during the dry season during the rainy season. He also expressed the urgent need to find ways and means to prevent this problem.
If we look at the livelihood of the rural people, it is very difficult, they know only about the backward life and they know only about agriculture.
Sarkar said this while addressing a public meeting of the CITU in Agartala on 16 key issues on demands, including wages, salary, employment, food, recall of registered workers, wage incentives and to end the exploitation of workers.
Before the 18 players started their journey, they had a special meeting with Bah Joe Marweiñ, President of the MSA, and Ian A Lyngdoh, Secretary of the MSA. .
On the other hand, the Sohra Legislator, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, said that in the past, there was no fund to improve the buildings of the BDO offices but the present Government has listened to the demands of the people and allocated funds. for this work.
Heroin weighing 268.71 grams, T6,87,150,7 mobile phones, 60 injection needles and empty boxes were seized from the house.
Such investments promote cognitive capacity, which encompasses all the skills that affect people’s skills – which will lead to inclusive economic growth.
At the same time, he urged the Minister to urge the mobile companies to improve their services as now even their applications under the NREGA scheme have to be registered online. “I request you to allocate some money for public awareness on the Aadhar linkage and to complete it before 31st November, 2023 otherwise they will lose all the benefits," he said.
Police have conducted and strengthened patrols in all parts of Shillong and the entrance gate of the State Central Library especially for the members of the party, who entered the meeting.
The injured family members were identified as Samborlangki Dkhar, 20, his wife Erinsha Langlein, 19, and their young son. The scooty (ML 04 D 6364) was heading towards Ummulong when the accident occurred.
In the sub junior category, the winners were Kerry Wahlang, Kevin Lyngdoh and Sharai Jyrwa while in the women's category, Balasiewdor Wahlang, Darihun Sohshang and Daphibansiewdor Lyngkhoi.
Three cases were reported in Pune, three in Mumbai, two in Nagpur, one in Kolhapur and one in Nashik.
“Bah Nongrum has used his talent properly without taking advantage to make money or increase his income, but he has taken the path of helping the farmers,” said Bah Shylla.
According to Bah Shylla, the issues that Bah Shylla wants to discuss with the public are the issues related to the powers and authority of the Rangbah Shnongs which has been discussed a lot these days. Article 244(2) to strengthen the District Autonomous Council and not to introduce Article 371 (A) and (G) as Nagas and Mizos. MUDA to the rural areas, the fourth is to repeal the Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012, the fourth is that the MLA scheme is the right of the people to receive without being restricted in any way. There is also a rule that the beneficiaries of the MLA scheme are free from all these.
Therefore, we need to heed the phrase 'Love yourself first and honor others' and take action before it is too late.
Under-13 Haka is
It is to be recalled that Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew was shot dead at his residence in Mawlai Kynton Massar on the morning of 13th July.
For many days he stayed on the hill and for this reason, perhaps, no one could see his full body.
One of the success stories of these trainings is that of Kong Merida Bareh from Mynkre, who from a day job, has become a skilled Office Assistant in one field through participation in the programme. CSL. Digital literacy, preparedness and job skills have not only improved her career but have improved her family.
KSU-SWKHDU President Forwardman Nongrem said, “We have submitted a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Police Department, Bah Prestone Tynsong. BSF troops have harassed traders and tourists living in border villages of South West Khasi Hills District.
These 10 parents and children had gone fishing and crossed the river in a boat with two family members, but the strong water of the boat turned into a thwei known as lad lad ( rapid).
These memorial awards are expected to start from their first anniversary to announce their outstanding contributions to society.
Those invited are VIPs, rich, respected by society, but they are busy people, who have wealth, land, high income and pleasure seekers. of the flesh.
Another interesting thing is that the group led by Conrad K. Sangma also visited the jail in Dhaka and laid flowers here, as a sign of remembrance of Syiem Tirot Singh who died. died at this place May 17, 1835.
See paragraph 12 below.
This reporter visited Laitumkhrah and Motphran areas and saw that police have lined up in many places especially in places where there are many foreigners.
Meanwhile, in Shillong, the Union Minister of State for Micro Small and Medium Enterprises (MSME), Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma took part in the Rozgar Mela held at the Headquarters of the Directorate General of MSME. Assam Rifles at Laitkor, Shillong where 218 newly appointed personnel received their appointment letters at The 8th part of the Rozgar Mela was held in Shillong today.
She said that the doctors and sisters have also conducted all the necessary tests, as all the sisters have completed training and it was found that at about 7 pm on the 1st of June, There is a difference in the baby and I need oxygen because the baby is getting sicker.
On the other hand, Bah Process recalled that during his tenure as Minister of Sports, he built the Indoor Sport Hall at Mawlai Iewrynghep, built roads in places where vehicles cannot pass. , footpaths and more.
South African troops have deployed to patrol the highways following the riots in the country over the imprisonment of former President Jacob Zuma.
However, if they do not receive proper support, we should not expect the farmers to grow because even those who do not have them will leave and look for other jobs.
He claimed that today under the Narendra Modi Government there is peace and development in the region.
Because it is impossible for him to lie (Heb 6:18), we know that when we read the Bible today, it is the Lord who speaks and reveals his will to us.
The family is the first home of a person.
The shape of the tree is not beautiful, but the bniat is not beautiful, but the head is not beautiful.
The goals were scored by Glennys G. Lynrah and Badonlang Rapsang in the 13th and 36th minutes.
“Every Thursday, Saturday and Sunday, this hostel is like a place to come and commit all kinds of crimes,” said an employee in charge of the hostel.
The blood comes only to those who want it, not to those who refuse it, but as it is now, the Khasi accept and accept the sin, they are afraid of the blood.
The union also reminded that the delay is due to the fact that many of the employees of NHAI have been imprisoned for corruption and fraud which is a complaint against corruption. (fraud and corruption case)," said the statement.
At least 14 people have been killed and 102 others, including 22 soldiers, are still missing after a heavy rainfall flooded the Lhonak Lake in North Sikkim. which has caused flooding in the Teesta river, police officials said yesterday.
In fact, the MLA of North Shillong wanted the House to take a decision on this issue but after the Prime Minister explained, he refused to take a decision.
“The Tura MP said she congratulates the central government for listening to the voices of the leaders from the North East and demanding the release of the CAB from all over Meghalaya and the North East. , said Conrad.
Two types of COVID-19 vaccines have been delivered today.
Jaintia SS beat Mihmyntdu SS 1-0
The reply was submitted by the AAG of the government and he said that even Bah Iangrai is still asking for time to provide the documents from the investigation team.
When Luda had put the younger ones to sleep, she invited her brother and Ksan's father to sit down with them to arrange for Bhalang's stay at his house.
It is understood that the GSI staff wanted to know more about this fish and they will visit and study more about this amazing fish caught from Wah Umiam.
Speaking on the resignation of Bah Manbhalang, Bah Sainkupar said, “Their foundations will remain unchanged regardless of the changes in the party. leaders".
Nongpoh Ïaiong 01: This is a good news and happiness for a poor family in Myrdon village who is facing difficulties not only to build a house but thanks to the generosity of the leaders of FKJGP Myrdon Circle. The joy of getting a house to live in after the organization has built a house.
Justice Ajay Lamba and Justice Sanjay Harkauli fined them Rs 5,0
The President of India has appointed 3 Dkhars as Nominated MLAs. The names of the winning Constituencies and MLAs are: –According to the list above, the number of MLAs from the Jaidbynriew Since 1937 during the Assam period and until the Meghalaya election 2013-17, there have been hundreds of Khasi and Hynniewtrep MLAs.
“I will be like David to fight against the two Goliaths,” said Damewanhi.
They also decided to appeal to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Meghalaya government to hand over these villages to Assam without consulting them.
The deadline for submission of application forms will be on 16th October and the application forms should also be submitted at the above mentioned shops.
Shillong, March 27: U Bobby Nongrum, son of Bah Loriwel Buhsan and Betsiliana Nongrum, from Sohra Laitryngew village, Lumsainar district.
" He expressed his gratitude to the AVENUES team for implementing the program from start to finish.
For rabbits, the fee is 2600 tyngka in Khasi Hills and 2850 tyngka in Garo Hills.
He said that there is a need for relief agencies to search for those who are still missing in the country due to the resumption of the earthquake in which they have to hide in safer places.
In the second innings of 31/5, Arunachal Pradesh were bowled out for 110 runs.
The HITO Umden Area on Thursday raided and checked the documents such as labor license at Umden-Umroi village in Umroi, Ri-Bhoi district.
The teams that reach the final will receive cash prizes, trophies and certificates.
She said that the selection of blocks for the construction of Residential Schools is based on the backwardness which means that those who are more backward will get first.
Shillong, Nailar 23: A 60-year-old woman, Mi ri Turu, has been shot dead at Santipur village near Umtru village in Byrnihat area on the road to Santipur village. Shillong.
Biggestson Lyngdoh won the election as Sordar of Raid Shabong with 1,682 votes, 495 votes behind the second candidate, Kaleptor Khongdup.
The last wicket was taken by Thakuria (1/2 off 2.4 overs) while Paisal Ali (1/22 off 4 overs).
Tynsong has responded to the allegation by the Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma, who sent a letter to the Prime Minister yesterday, demanding the appointment of a committee of inquiry into the implementation of the “We have already appointed an inquiry committee and the retired judge who is the chairman of this committee has already fulfilled his duty,” he said. you are Tynsong.
Churches were destroyed, our people were beaten and arrested.
When they raised the issue and didn't listen to my answer and later again after I answered they raised the issue again, so I don't know where to answer this question,” he said.
If you have any complaints regarding the distribution of rice according to the price, please contact the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of East Jaintia Hills District or call The toll free number is 1697 and they can also appeal to the District Grievance Officer.
Not only that, perhaps there may be even Sengbhalang groups who live on daily basis, on commission from these foreigners who will spread and encourage the foreigners to such an extent.
The Minister said that when there is a dorbar, the members of the House will have the opportunity to speak on this issue.
It is learned that the issue within the MPCC has not come to an end but has ended amid a misunderstanding.
The injured firefighter collapsed and was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Shillong: The 6th Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 ended yesterday, 28th June 2021 with 17 out of 25 shooters winning medals in the 10M Air Rifle Championship. Men (NR), 10M Air Rifle Women (NR), 50M Rifle Prone Men Individual (NR), 10M Mixed Team Air Rifle, 10M Air Pistol Men Individual (NR), 10M Air Pistol Women Individual (NR), 25M Pistol Championship Women Individual (NR), 25M Pistol Championship Women Individual (NR), 10M Air Pistol Youth.
New Delhi: Congress leader Sonia Gandhi has told those close to her that she will soon step down from the post of interim president of the party.
However, the number of visitors to Lum Kyllang, which is only 13 km from Mairang, the district headquarters of Eastern West Khasi Hills, is still very low.
If you can't cut it from the bottom, it doesn't make sense to cut it from the top because once in a while they will wither and sprout again.
Shillong: There have been 244 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 418 recoveries, 12 deaths and 10 unvaccinated cases.
He said that the Social Welfare Department has supplied rice from the Food Corporation of India (FCI) which has been sent to Delhi and has also supplied vitamins and minerals to improve the health of the people. which after testing is brought back into the state and distributed through ICDS Centres.
He said that Block-I and Khanduli have nothing to do with each other and have their own part.
“We have not yet announced whether to give tickets to anyone, anyone can apply for tickets and the decision will be taken by the election committee of the party,” said Bah Shibun.
The Minister urged the management of the hotel to strive to use biscuits made by the Self Help Groups or any other items so that the guests can stay at the hotel. memory.
Commenting on the statement, “How can we say that the ILP is the best?” Mukul Sangma said the state government intends to implement the Foreigners and Tenants Bill Regulation Act, which has been handed over to the Chief Secretary. , to complete the task and this is to detain foreigners, who come to stay in different houses in the State.
Beeta Rani, Rekha Marai and Joti Marai said that their husband was admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment and died in the evening. because of the severe pain he suffered from the disease.
The team has also seized 50 trucks carrying illegal rnga since July
Many people have been forced to evacuate to protect their lives.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) today decided to set up a core committee to consider the vacant post of Chief Minister Dr Donkupar Roy.
The Committee also recommends to the Government through this report that the Government should appoint an independent or expert committee to investigate the radiation in the uranium deposit.
I believe that even if I am a politician or a doctor, it is not a subject I know well.
Therefore, the tie breaker was played in which Shangpung won 5-3
When asked about Bah Titosstarwell Chyne's statement that his colleagues have turned away, Bah Metbah said that in the arrangement that the party has had since the beginning of the EC, there is an understanding between the MDCs. but the introduction of the no confidence motion has surprised the party because it does not have any information.
According to information, the coin is said to have been around for about 3000 years now.
These shops were immediately fined and the fine amounted to 1550 tyngka.
Those groups that are smart enough to seek such information should also investigate whether those who receive these development schemes from the Chief Minister are really entitled to receive them or whether they are the relatives of the officials. village that thaw.
At the same time, the group has been able to sell jhur without pesticides to the neighboring villages through the Farm on Wheel scheme.
Taking this inspiration from the various cities’ art styles, design styles, and cultural heritage, these 150 decorations are placed throughout the restaurant.
Therefore, school children and students of the nation, don't be afraid or ashamed to learn and know your own stories of the heroes and heroes. In the free time, take the books and read carefully about them, and later you will find and find the kinds of symbols of thought that are like stones that will become the treasures of every life. day is yours.
According to the Superintendent of Police, the two suspects were identified as Ngia Bareh (36) who is also a member of the HNLC and Pynbiang Lyngdoh (20) who admitted to being the only one. the followers of this Bareh.
Once we have completed the repair of this bridge, it will be safe for the people to travel in the next 25 years, as they have been able to strengthen all the damaged parts of the bridge. and mainly because of the pressure of the water in this dam.
On the other hand, the Chief Superintendent of Police said that the arrested robber was taken to court after being arrested by the police.
Shillong, Naitung 22: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr Krishan Kant Paul, on Monday directed the State Government to examine the feasibility of the Bill to divide the constituencies of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). this is the council.
Before concluding, as one of the people, I would like to make two requests, firstly as the people we should know our rights and secondly as MLAs it is time to make laws. policy for the welfare of the citizens in the state should not be thought that the introduction of the MLA Scheme is enough, because the MLA Scheme is only a report or progress report of the MLAs once a year. to 5 years.
This ability to trust oneself comes and goes, it can be said, from the training that a child has been raised from an early age to become a RANGBAH. but it is the maturity, the ability to keep one's word even to death and the search for the truth that man has been made a Rangbah.
Those who attended the function included Bah Devan Warjri, President Umsning Circle, Bah Andrew Nongneng, Finance Secretary Bah Gershom Lymphuid and others.
Nongpoh, Nailur 03: A Khasi girl (anonymous) who works at a petrol pump in Ribhoi District has alleged that the foreign manager of the petrol pump has tried to rob her. an.
He said that the Speaker of the House has already decided to provide training to the members of the House related to the work of the House.
Until now, we have not been able to clear many areas so that rainwater does not flow into Bangladesh and Assam, and many areas are hilly and it will be very difficult to clear them.
There he fed the sheep of his flock.
Therefore, let us turn to the theme “The Mother Tongue Saves the Country of the Nation”.
“The state government is preparing the mechanisms to implement various projects to increase the generation of electricity as the state has sufficient environmental conditions in terms of electricity generation,” he said.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Stanlywiss, recalled that the Block Congress from Umroi, had supported him last time, but the work started to change as soon as he arrived. in the District, during the tenure of Mr. PW Muktieh as President.
The Women's Day was celebrated as part of the commemoration of the 175th anniversary of the conversion of the first woman from Khasi Jaintia, Nabon Sawian in
What is surprising is that the people of this state have tolerated what this government company has done and ended up in suffering.
Lydia Khonglam won the Gold Medal in the MSc (Statistics) NEHU Examination
They also expressed their dissatisfaction with the behavior of the residents to take the law into their own hands.
At the time of receiving this statement, it was reported that the government authorities have launched an investigation into the incident.
In connection with this incident, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs has set up a team of inquiry.
Inner Manipur: Shri Moirangthem Okendro
This was announced in a statement by Bah Finely L. Pariat, Organizing Secretary and General Secretary of the Meghalaya Athletics Association.
The findings also suggest that recent alcohol consumption and not lifetime alcohol consumption is a strong predictor of alcoholic cirrhosis.
Tongsoh was the most beautiful woman among all the Lyngngam women in ancient times.
The meeting was held at Phramer Village Council Hall under the chairmanship of Michael Sayoo, Adviser UDP West Jaintia Hills.
It is worth mentioning that the KJBWA has stopped cutting cow meat since the 7th of this month and it has been going on for more than two months.
Shillong: Tura Lok Sabha MP Agatha Sangma has admitted that the Citizenship Amendment Bill is not true. In Meghalaya, the Sixth Schedule has been released, while the opposition parties have started to confuse the voters in Garo Hills.
The robbery came after they received a tip that there was a lot of money but in the morning the manager went to deposit it at the bank.
Kharkutta, Nailur, 23: As part of the efforts to strengthen development works in the urban areas, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today distributed assistance to farmers, market operators groups and mar, and he was born in Khartoum, North Garo Hills.
Fear also causes us to believe foolishly.
The reason why our children cannot compete with others is because we appoint teachers who pass themselves without understanding.
The KAAC leader said that this is the first time that he has visited the Mawlasnai Stadium and expressed his gratitude to the management and people of Mawlasnai area who have invited him to visit. to this lympung.
“The Cabinet has also amended the OM issued in 1974 regarding the posts allocated to the Garo, whereby from now on, the posts reserved for the Garo will be filled by candidates. in Garo state.
The beach at Surfside Beach is about 60 miles long and is located south of Houston.
He said that the addiction to these types of beverages has a serious impact on human beings.
The vehicle was handed over to the Dorbar Shnong in the presence of the Sordar of Smit, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim in the presence of the residents of Smit and also the father of Bah Dasakhiat, Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, his mother. and others which were held at Smit Square.
The department also informed that on October 31, the curfew will be in force for only seven hours, from 8 am to 2 pm.
Many of the residents who lost their homes have turned to the relevant authorities to provide temporary shelter for them due to the damage to their homes.
Handilson Majaw is also one of the oldest referees in Shillong and outside Shillong.
Other sources said that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will hold a meeting on Tuesday at 5 pm to discuss the candidate for the election. The Lok Sabha elections 2018, in which the UDP wants to contest Shillong, with the support of all the parties in the MDA government and Tura, will be given to the NPP, with the support of all of them are from the MDA government.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, has presented the budget for the year 2020-2
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MAFA) and the All India Football Federation (MFA) will hold an online training session for the Golden Baby Leagues in Meghalaya.
Kyrsoi Pyrtuh has posted on social media that the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma and his government should demand from the Central Government to send Governors who can speak. in a language understood by the people of the state.
Sa iwi leh, the rim is still good, you have the right to buy it.
I don't want to talk about that but I want to say that any nation that has lost its land will remain only in stories and writings if someone still remembers and writes about them.
The students who were convicted in the investigation were expelled from the hostel and banned from attending school for 10 years.
After being informed to the Election Commission, the inspectors arrived at the scene and found the Congress leaders in a house and left there until they had finished dinner.
In the video, the woman admitted that there has been an increase in violence against Hindus in the state and especially since the emergence of the KSU and FKJGP. it is the rebel group.
He said that banning anyone as a member of the dorbar cannot solve the problem, therefore, he directed the Shella Dorbar Shnong to allow Bah Ksanlah to take part in the immediate need.
Therefore, the leaders of the Seng Samla Nongpoh Pyllun, have also issued a strong warning to those owners of houses and land owners within the boundary of Nongpoh, not to give openly to anyone. Persons who are suspected of being foreigners or authorities without proof of residence.
The tournament is for boys under 15 years and under 17 years for girls.
The government has already prepared 108 vehicles for such.
As one of the citizens of Bri u Hynniewtrep who comes from a family that has been raised and has the opportunity to get an education through the hard work of the family in agriculture, we have a great understanding of the process. The farmers' journey shows how much they are worried if the price of agricultural products falls and how happy they are if they rise again.
Nongpoh: A Night Super bus (AR-16-A-5022) has collided with another vehicle on the NH-6 in Nongpoh at 7 pm this morning. The truck (NL-01-AA-8595) was parked on the road from Shillong to Guwahati.
Let us also remember their scientific knowledge to improve and enhance our rights and thoughts that have been destroyed by unnecessary actions, but to provide for them in all aspects. lynshop and pashop us, as well as our beloved Mei-ri-lung-risan.
The FKJGP said that besides throwing garbage, the truck drivers have polluted the area by throwing garbage in the area.
They then reported that they were stabbed with sharp objects, which they believed may have been a knife or a rod, from the parts of her body near her vagina and the snier came out, but they didn't. it is said that while they were finding it, they heard that her blood pressure was beating; They took her back to her residence and immediately informed the village authorities and the village authorities immediately informed the police and the police took her to the Civil Hospital, Shillong. When she arrived at the hospital, doctors said she died before being taken to the hospital.
She said the government is ready to discuss the matter with those people who have been affected by the lockdown, provided they do not violate the law.
Medals and certificates were awarded to the winners in various categories.
So far, 13 people have died from the disease.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “There has been a shortage of coal in the country. Coal India Limited (CIL) has announced to increase the price of coal mines. the price of coal and that is what we want.
Nongpoh, Nailar 17: After about 40 years of facing difficulties in commuting due to the deterioration of the road and waiting for a new road, the residents of Mawhati area have been waiting for a new road. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today visited Mawhati to lay the foundation stone for the cleaning of the Umsning-Jagi Road.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Special Director General of Police (Training & Armed Police) of Assam, Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi IPS has been appointed as the new Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya.
He said that the audition has been held for more than two months and the beautiful girls have been selected who have completed the training in speaking and walking on the catwalk. among other aspects related to this competition.
Wherever he went, he destroyed the crops of the people and killed the animals.
Whatever they want or need, they issue new amendments or orders as they wish for their own safety.
The share received from the State Government along with the revenue was paid to the employees of the Council, the loan of the Civil Work Department and other expenses of the office.
Nongpoh: To ban the passage of heavy vehicles through two bridges in Ri Bhoi, including the Damsite Bridge (Umiam) and the Dwarksuid Bridge, the District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh The Dwarskuid Bridge at Umroi Nongrah has been prohibited for vehicles carrying more than 40 tonnes to pass through the Dwarskuid Bridge. the Cross, whether it be for those who ascend or for those who descend.
She said that the dress code should be followed according to the work.
Nongpoh, July 27: The District Administration of Ri Bhoi District today took part in the celebration of the 75th Republic Day of India. NSCA Mini Stadium, Pahamsyiem Nongpoh.
“As I promised you, I have fulfilled my promise that I will not leave this place until a notification is issued by the Government,” he said.
It was seen that a large sign board was placed in front of the bridge which said that it is not allowed to carry more than 9 tonnes, but Bah Lyngdoh said that the trucks did not believe and the shiphew shaka trucks were also running smoothly.
They also have to spend years and invest lakhs of rupees just to get a degree and become skilled in various fields.
Seeing this, this reporter went down to talk and ask questions from these people who sell along the road at the Sohtrun market.
The daily wage of the workers in the village and the area is only T.300 per day for the married men and T.200/- for the women but there is a shortage of workers.
Many of them have expressed that they have been shocked and shocked by this festival but now, when this festival comes, these are the same people who have been cleaning up in front of their candidate.
He said that the KHADC has decided to strongly oppose this but it has not yet stopped and has called together the rulers of the Khasi Hills and they have decided to oppose this UCC and also the JHADC and GHADC which have decided to oppose this. Government of India has agreed to strongly oppose this Act.
The 22 recoveries include 14 cases from East Khasi Hills, 6 cases from West Garo Hills and 1 case each from Ri Bhoi and West Jaintia Hills.
“We have increased the number of hours of power outage, taking into account the increasing water level at Umïam Dam and also to ensure the availability of water according to the needs during the rainy season and until the return of water. next season," he said.
The seminar was concluded on the 25th with the presence of Ummulong MDC Laitsing Shylla as the chief guest and Kmenlang Shylla Rangbah Shnong of Wahkajer as the symbud chief guest.
He said the party has suggested that all the groups involved should be invited to meet and reach an agreement before taking such a decision.
Before the government proceeds with the construction of the railway line, they demanded that it should first ensure that all the measures to prevent people from entering and leaving the state should be fully implemented and then Shillong, July 23: Shillong, July 23: Due to the complaints of many residents of Shillong about the pollution of drinking water. The State Development Reforms Commission (SDRC) on the 21st of this month inspected the GSWSS Dam at Mawphlang. Mawphlang and 4 miles, Upper Shillong.
Shillong: U Bah Dlas Rani, a Khasi herbalist, is ready to open his own clinic in his village, Mawryngkneng, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : The Meghalaya government should immediately talk to the Assam government from today not to discriminate against the Khasi Pnars in Cachar Hills and other places. Therefore, I would like to ask you to take action against Assam and if you do not reach the border, you will not be responsible.
However, we don't have it yet, and we don't want to have it because we are afraid of the invasion of the majority ethnic groups who are Indians.
I went to Jail Road and found that there were many teachers, I went to Oakland, I went to Jaiaw, Mawkhar, Nongmali.
According to the police, Saleng did not stop during the search but after the incident he stopped and during the search of his vehicle. , nothing was detected.
For more information please contact Ibaiahun Kurbah on
The father in the complaint alleged that Nurul Islam had threatened to kill both the brothers and also to charge them with crimes if they informed anyone about what he had done.
Shillong, July 20: The KHNAM has reversed its decision after the CEM, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, brought a resolution in the House. The Assam-Meghalaya Autonomous District Council (ADC) Rule 128 to prohibit foreigners from voting in the District Council elections.
The winners will receive a cash prize and trophies.
“The Coordination Committee of the MDA will take a final decision on this,” said Bah Lambor, Chairman of the MSPB.
However, the Congress, although it has lost 12 seats, does not mean that the party will lose in all the constituencies.
The young woman is 5 feet tall, has a long hair, has straight teeth, weighs about 50 kg, and the clothes she wears are unknown.
hillong, Nailar 12: The Enforcement Police of KHADC and journalists, in the past few days on the 25th of November, when the Police of KHADC raided the shops of Be The District Council and the people of Hynniewtrep have been witnessing a meeting held today at RB Store which was attended by foreigners. hundreds of people from all over the villages and areas and witnessed through the many letters of condolence that the newspapers have received in these days.
As a sign of spreading peace, Kong Roshan and Naba Bhatterjee threw a white parrot but these parrots did not fly and fell near where they were sitting.
The scheme has received more than 3.50 lakh registrations so far.
Suddenly, an Assam bus was seen passing by the area which had lost its front door due to the stone throwing by the people at Rhino.
Afterwards, Bah T. Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, led the reading of the Voters Pledge and at the same time also distributed the award and certificate to one of the artists with disabilities. Goldenstar Thongni, PwDs Youth Icon SVEEP Partner.
In this age of rongphong, many of the youth have forgotten their lives, because they have fallen into the rongphong, but if there are those leaders to guide them, it will be a blessing to them. they know how to walk in the path they should walk to reach the goal.
The statement said that the landowners who have donated the land for the construction of the Sub Center have also signed an agreement with the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. In 1992, it was also signed that any posts other than the post of Chowkidar should be appointed by the owners of the land without being registered with the District Selection Committee (DSC). The land owners have decided to close down the Sub Centre.
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 22: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, Bah T Lyngwa on Tuesday inaugurated the 7th District Level Industrial Exhibition & Aqua Fest organized by the office of the General Manager District Commerce. & Industries Center in collaboration with the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries, South West Khasi Hills District at the parking lot of P Syiemlieh at Mawkyrwat Market.
Nongpoh, July 03: As part of the New Year celebration and also to celebrate various programs for the youth of Patharkhmah, the Patharkhmah Youth Club on the 2nd July The Youth Festival has been opened on the 9th July
Preparations in the health services were checked in terms of availability of essential medicines, intravenous fluids, ice packs, ORS and drinking water.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The UDP Nongkrem Circle, in its meeting held on the 3rd of this month, strongly condemned the silence of Bah PN Syiem CEM of the Khasi District Council, on the allocation of Rs 3 crore. , which belongs to the 8th Nongkrem Constituency, which has been allocated to other constituencies.
He said that 430 vehicles have been deployed at the BSF Meghalaya Border.
Speaking to reporters, SP West Khasi Hills District S.Nongtnger said that police have recovered the child from the residence of Bikram Jamatia at Paragatal village, Gomati district. Agartala.
Mukul Sangma, MLA Pynursla constituency, is afraid that after the 2018 MLA elections, he will be replaced by Prestone Tynsong, MLA Pynursla constituency. He said that he has started planning how to block Prestone in the 2018 MLA elections.
The people hope that the VPP will continue to fight to the end and will not rest until it has reaped the fruits of victory.
For this race in Goa, she has tried to get assistance from the government but she has not been sure to get it despite meeting with the director of sports.
Shillong: The public is invited to come and throw away their garbage on the 28th and 29th of this month at the State Central Library. Some of the missing parts are electronic devices.
In fact, the YFC should have completed the road as it had agreed to complete it and it should have completed it within the stipulated time, so that it will help the the passenger public.
He said that there is a distribution of money by people to others under the supervision of those who run the illegal trade in coal.
This is after the counting of voters from all the constituencies.
India, who won the bronze medal in 2019, this time ended the tournament by going home empty-handed.
He said that what they will have to accept is only if those government officials travel abroad to receive any awards for the Meghalaya government.
Issuing the order, Justice SR Sen said that a reply has been sent to the accused why this complaint should not be accepted or any order should not be passed as found appropriate and suit.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82162 out of which 79468 have recovered and 1413 have died.
Speaking to media, Ao said, “Our target is to get 400 seats this time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rowel expressed his confidence that those who have completed the training according to the skills and knowledge of today, will be able to serve better the department where they are and especially from the part for the benefit of society and the environment.
This is a truly unique gift to the country and the world at large.
“Don't take the flag as a jaiñ but take the image of the BOM which will improve the Ranikor Constituency,” said Bah Paul. in any case, he should know his own duty to serve the people.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 96 new cases and 1373 active cases in the State.
Shillong: The Shillong Chamber Choir will perform the Vande Mataram tomorrow at 11.30 pm.
He was awarded the Ambassador of Peace Award in 2019 by the International Human Rights Council.
He was on the list to score a hat-trick after beating two Arunachal batsmen.
He also welcomed and congratulated all those who attended the programme.
You have a lot of experience as a leader.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that with the BJP coming to power, it can spread to other parts of the state. states to overthrow the Congress government.
I used to have BC but now I have AD (Anno Domini) or in the year of the Lord.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Lower Bakur village has been suffering from power outage for two months due to transformer failure in the workplace especially for Xerox machines, readers and various necessities.
In East Khasi Hills District, 117 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces and 116 cases from civilians, 37 cases from Ri Bhoi District, 5 cases including 4 cases from Armed Forces and 1 case from West Garo Hills. There are 5 cases in North Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Nailar 29: According to a report by the Nokma of Oragitok village, Tura Police, together with CN Sangma, MCS, ADC, Tura, have raided the village and found Three bodies, in which the hands of the deceased were tied and there were bullet marks on all three bodies.
Shillong, Lber 23: Earlier, Ma Vincent Pala was the richest candidate among all the candidates who filed their nomination papers. Denis Shingshai is the independent candidate of Shillong Seat. Siangshai is the richest candidate followed by Vincent Pala.
A copy of the complaint has been sent to the MDC of the area and other MDCs. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Garod LSN Dykes said that up to T.20 lakh has been allocated for those affected. Fire broke out in Amlarem Block and Thadlaskeiñ Block.
The leader of the contract teachers, Bah Birbor Rangtem, today sent a message to the Chief Minister in Garo language to urge him to reconsider the reservation policy.
Also Read: Coronavirus: Health dept advise closure of schools in Meghalaya.
“They informed that their group has an agreement with a large employment group from Kathmandu, Nepal who have already established relationships with the car manufacturing factory, where they have the opportunity to get these jobs if job seekers have the right skills or qualifications.
The pearl garlic or solo garlic is also native to Yunnan Province of China.
Bryan MacMillan Marbaniang alone tied for 27 runs while Khrawkupar Kharumnuid took two wickets in four overs for 11 runs.
There was also a collapse of the television station and the mobile tower of the Reliance Company in Nongryngkoh.
To date, there are more than 50 ethnic groups on the list of the Presidential Order 1950 which is also in force in Meghalaya as it was taken from Assam at that time.
The MLA also expressed his regret over the failure to implement the Inner Line Party (ILP), although the House has already passed a resolution in this regard.
In fact, these shops should have been sold only to the locals even if they pay a lower price and this will help the locals and also prevent foreigners from entering the country. This is the land of Hynniewtrep.
“Our visit is not only to wake up the state government but also to other political parties to speak out on this Reservation Policy as they have protested and spoken from time to time. We hope that it will encourage them to come forward to speak on the Reservation Policy especially those in the government because they have the opportunity to force the government.
One waste bin is for those waste that can be decomposed and composted while the other is for those waste that cannot be decomposed and converted into compost such as plastic, bottles, tins and others. and they shall be gathered twice a day.
“Our demand for equal development is because only we know the problems faced by teachers and we want equal development for all,” he added.
According to police sources, this happened when the Bolero Pick-Up came from the Governor House area and when it reached the Governor House, The driver of the Bolero collided with the oncoming Scooty on the road in front of the Main Secretariat.
Thus, when we examine the Word of God, we see that what happened to the Jews in Israel, also happens to the Gentiles, that is, to the kingdoms of the whole world.
Hamlet said the Minister has spoken to the Executive Engineer of the National Highway, Rilang and ordered him to immediately repair the road at Lummawbah. .
When the police saw this, they let them go.
However, on the other hand, it was learned that some Congress MLAs who are against Dr Mukul Sangma have been offered high positions by Dr Mukul Sangma to give their support to him.
If the head of the household is a woman (longkmie) she has to take part in the dorbar shnong.
Unfortunately, there are few of our students who appear in such important examinations.
Based on this census, the share of SCs has been increased from 12.5% ​​to 15% and the share of STs from 5% to 7.5%.
He said that in fact in the DPR of the School of Technology of NEHU, it has set a target to expand the engineering course in the Second Phase at the university by starting other courses. Civil Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Mining Engineering, Industrial Engineering and Rural Engineering but this is still pending.
If anyone is wise enough to think carefully, he will find out why he does this.
Shillong, November 11 : The Supreme Leader of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) will arrive in Shillong on Monday evening for her first two-day visit to Meghalaya.
“Equipment such as wires and tower machines were installed in the area and all the equipment inside the area was destroyed,” said the manager in charge of the area.
Another variety of rice grown in Assam is called rice boro.
He also explained about the problems faced by the youth job seekers these days especially in West Khasi Hills, due to the bias and bias of the government.
The Sordars or Rangbah Shnongs themselves make wise decisions in secret and are afraid that the people will know for their own benefit.
The final part of the Behdeiñkhlam festival will be held at Aitnar where the villagers who will take part in the festival will come with their rot and colors decorated in various ways as a sign of flourishing. to promote the religious dance in Aitnar and also to showcase the talents of the children of the ñiamtre through the making of rot ki colors in various shapes and styles which can also give a message in front of many churches from near and far. they shall not witness the feast in the night.
The arrested include Kancha, Hinen and Limbu.
The raids by the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) in many places and the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HITO) in some areas show the danger of drugs.
Speaking to reporters, the Secretary said that in fact, Bah Gabriel Wahlang as the Chief Minister should have spoken in the Legislative Assembly on the most important issue that the jaidbynriew is fighting for. This is about the change in the Reservation Policy.
Temperature is an important factor for plants.
These are the Hynniewtrep people and the Khasi people.
Chairman of JHADC Dr. Sankey Shangpung has continued to distribute electricity and generators received under the SAG scheme for the years 2019-20 and 2020-21 to the villages in Bataw area. Lakadong MDC. Today the villages which have benefited from this scheme include Deinshalalu and Lumshken.
“The NCERT books are in Science, English and Mathematics subjects and will be included with subjects related to the State to help the children understand,” Rakkam said.
Shillong Lajong will play against Nongrim on the 1st of November.
The population of the districts of Khasi, Jaintia and Ri-Bhoi is about 14 lakh (2011 census) in which there are 7 districts and 36 Assembly constituencies.
These tree seedlings were handed over on 22/7/2023 at the Community Hall of the village.
Artificial Intelligence (AI) is the one that will completely transform the way we live and work around the world.
The meeting was attended by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, HSPDP President KP Pangniang, Government Minister Shakliar Warjri, Minister Paul Lyngdoh, General Secretary UDP. Jemino Mawthoh, Leader of the Opposition in KHADC Titos Starwell Chyne, MLA Lahkmen Rymbui and others.
The SSA Teachers Union has also decided to send a demand to all the 7 MLAs of West & South West to raise the issue of SSA teachers in the Assembly as well as to all 3 MLAs. MPs to raise the issue in the Legislative Assembly and at the same time she has sent a letter to the HRD Ministry of Education New Delhi to know how the SSA works in Meghalaya.
They are knowledgeable and polite not only in words but also in deeds.
This is one of the areas that affects the rapid growth of development projects in the district but if this transfer is not yet time it will continue in the future the union will take strong measures and will reveal the names of If the union finds any authorities involved in the dismissal of the officers.
Hope is what we have.
Nongpoh: The delay and lack of attention between the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the exact border has not only angered or concerned the political parties from Meghalaya, but also other political parties from Meghalaya. Assam has expressed the same feeling.
“The reply of the Prime Minister is only a letter to mislead the people, it is a letter sent since April,” said Bah Blah.
Rida said, “If it happens as you say, what will I do?” She looked at him. “Rida don't worry about that.
After this, Thomas Jones tried to introduce the 12-character Roman script, which was the first to write the Khasi book, the Lord's Prayer, the Tikir book and others.
Thus, those who were taken captive were forced to accept the god of those Conquerors.
Earlier, supporting the decision to implement the ILP in the state, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that there are three types of people in this world, one is those who do, one is those who watch and the other is those who don't know how to act and hope that the MLAs will not fall into the category of mere observers.
The party congratulates Madam JU Kharpuri who has worked hard for the welfare of the people while being compassionate in all their needs, said a statement sent by the General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang.
Shillong: The results of the HSSLC examination (Arts) will be released on the 13th of this month, according to a statement issued by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), Tura.
These five MLAs have been suspended from the party and the Congress now has no MLAs in Meghalaya.
“We will release the second list in the first week of July.
Helen said that she has gone through the Khasi music, and it is not easy to advocate for its inclusion in schools and after advocating many times, she has been able to achieve this goal.
However, the DC said that the area is newly mined and there is no coal at all and an inquiry has been sent whether it is true or not that it is a coal mine.
At present, the cleanliness of the Lukha River remains clean and clean, due to the closure of these factories.
Paruid, what are you doing?
“We get development works from Meghalaya but the land doesn't fall.
He also informed about the state government's desire to investigate the incident by the central investigating agency like the CBI or the NIA. The meeting was also attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong.
This means that the money should go toward work that improves communities; in the construction or maintenance of roads; in bringing water to all the houses; in paying salaries to teachers and ensuring that schools and colleges meet all their needs.
The deposit of funds into the accounts of the students will start soon through the PFMS, said a statement from Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie said that even after 50 years of independence, Meghalaya will not have a university, no medical university, no policy for teachers who have to come forward to demand their rights. of right.
“Therefore, I urge to expedite the work before a complaint is filed lest we lose this new department which pays revenue to the Council.
Dundee said that the union suspects that all this has happened because the foreign company has shown favoritism to those in charge of the budget at the Secretariat. & Meghalaya Legislative Assembly which has allowed Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd to operate and do as it pleases.
The 32 candidates announced by the UDP came after the State Election Committee of the UDP approved them to receive the ticket to contest the 2023 elections.
“Not only the Mawten Primary Unit but also the other Primary Units are still supporting the HSPDP,” said KD Wanniang.
Furthermore, the casting of Hilarious (you remember the movie “Jeff”) as the chief of police is a timely step on the part of State of Mind Productions.
The BJP meeting held in Shillong on Saturday said that since the creation of Meghalaya, the BJP has demanded to search, remove and repatriate all illegal immigrants.
He said that the problem that India is facing today is because of the presence of people who have a selfish spirit, who feel that only getting themselves is enough and not knowing others. pat that long how.
There are other times when the price increases to 50 to 70 per kilo.
And this peace of the Kingdom of God which is in the heart, no one can destroy, not even Satan can destroy.
He said that in fact he wants to be in Parliament to raise many issues related to the state.
There will be a specially built stage to climb to the old Legislative Assembly and there will also be a well prepared stage for musicians and spectators who wish to perform. .
Nongstoiñ: After heavy rains in the past few days, West Khasi Hills District has also experienced floods and landslides in many places and roads.
The Youth Congress Umsning Constituency under the leadership of Aibor Shadap as President, Robert Nongrum as Vice President and Rishanbor Makri as Working President handed over these jackets to the families of Umdihar. The area includes Pahamdmu, Rongmasek, Langpadon, Umnget, Umsawnongkharai, Rongpharkong and Pahamrnai villages.
Rekha Sharma, head of the NCW, said that they had received many complaints in July and had sent them to the state government to do its duty. but the state government has not done anything.
“Besides, my request is to the residents to follow the Building Bye Laws of the Council as there have been cases where incidents have occurred which have caused deaths from the collapse of houses and There are also cases where the construction of houses has blocked the path of others from the road. In many villages, if there is a fire, vehicles cannot enter because the houses do not follow the Building Code. “I am clear that they have confusion if they have any confusion about the Bye Laws of MUDA and the Bye Laws of the District Council.
The CPCB has launched a Grievance Redressal App to empower the residents to address the issue of plastic.
With 18 points from seven games and five points more than Mawlai, Rangdajied have come first in the round robin stage of the SPL-2 24.
Shortly after, the former Speaker, Charles Pyngrope, urged the members to refrain from tied miej or using rude words as it affects the dignity of the House.
He said that this notification of the state government is a violation of human rights as this right is recognized by the Constitution of India.
When attempts were made to call the officer in the area, Bah Kharbuki did not answer his phone, and later called the higher authorities to report the fire. Upper Shillong has been hit by a fire for several hours.
“It is the last resort that makes me as a mother to appeal to all those who have the opportunity to contribute because I as a mother I don't have the strength anymore and if we don't get help we don't have any other way to complete the project. My daughter to take part in the competition which will start on the 14th of March and will last for about two months,” said Kong Sherita.
“I am pleased to learn that Umlyngka VEC has completed 100 days to work through MGNREGS this year.
“While the Khasi actress, Ibañiewkor Lyngdoh Mawnai, spoke a little about the film “Ka Juk Return” and said, “The central theme of this film is the end of the road. to man, it is a new beginning in life, that is the central theme of this film.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to allow contractors to import highly skilled workers from abroad. but the contractors will have to seek permission from the offices of the Deputy Commissioners of each district of the state and other government departments like PWD, PHE and others.
“To other MPs and MLAs who are not members of the party, the Prime Minister has not made any request not to take subsidy but it will be their own understanding because this scheme is intended for those who do not belong to the party. “It's poor and less income,” said the President of the BJP Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Chief Executive Member (CEM) Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said the meeting has decided to change the PDF to the People's Democratic Forum (PDF). Democratic Alliance ( PDA).
Pahambir SC, the winner, received a cash prize of T.20,000 and a trophy, while Lymkya SC, the runner-up, received a cash prize of T.1 thousand with the Trophy.
Meanwhile, in Himachal Pradesh, the people have elected and revived the Congress party this time which has started to spread across India.
Members of the party also raised the issue of the appointment of Aman Sinha as a lawyer by the Meghalaya High Court as this does not comply with the rules of the High Court.
The candidate said that as religious leaders, we should not believe or be misled by these rumors spread on social media which are trying to mislead him in this election.
What caused the police to go to the house of this Rangbah early in the morning when they could have gone to his house at any time, because according to his relatives and acquaintances, that he is always at home and comes in and goes out and walks and stands when people see him.
Those are the scars that await our state," he argued.
On the other hand, the Union of Commercial Vehicle Drivers congratulated the KSU Jaintia Hills for supporting them with food items during this time of crisis.
The minister said she could not say anything on this as she was still sending a report from the hospital authorities on the incident.
The hospital was destroyed by fire on June 2, 2001, but this has not stopped the hospital from growing and continuing to provide services to the patients with the contribution of the brothers and sisters. The Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly and the people from all over the country have been able to rebuild the new building.
It cannot be denied that the cleaning of vehicles not only brings or loses benefits, but also makes the vehicles used by themselves more beautiful.
However, the Government of Meghalaya has created the Khanduli and Psiar Sectors in the Regional Committee of West Jaintia Hills and decided to visit and resolve the boundary between Khanduli and Psiar Sector. Block-1 will be resolved later,” the Forum said.
Vivek Syiem, IPS, Shillong has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Inspector General of Police (L&D), Shillong to fill the vacancy.
Regarding this, the state police have already lodged two complaints with the Cyber ​​Crime PS and are conducting investigation to find out who is involved.
"The film "NONGSHUN" although it is only a short film which these two young men plan to screen at film festivals, such as the Kelvin Cinema Festival, (which will be held from 9th to 11th October Naiwieng 2023) is an example of the depth of thought when creating and preparing the film, “NONGSHUN.” At the beginning of the film, we see two couples, Rick (Elizer Bareh) and Divya ( Eva Mary Swer) who are waiting for their baby to come into this world.
He said that the MCS examination is held once every 11 years and most of the time due to the age limit, talented youth have lost their way.
“There have been schools which have been established for more than 15-20 years but have not received any assistance from the Government and the Education Department of the State Government,” said the petition. .
He said the new design has been reviewed by IIT Roorkee and IIT Guwahati, and added that the construction of the building will proceed.
Noting that there are many types of projects to be established according to the projects, the Minister said, “Projects less than T.1 crore will be approved by the Committee headed by the Deputy Commissioners and the projects. The Committee headed by the Chief Secretary will approve the project between T.1 crore and T.10 crore while the project worth more than T.10 crore will be sent to the Investment Meghalaya Authority (IMA), headed by the Chief Secretary. the Chief Minister of the State".
The polling for the 90 members of the Haryana Assembly will be held on 21st March and the recount of votes will be held on 24th March
He said that marketing is very important whether it is within the state or to help the fish farmers to deliver the fish to the buyers especially when there is a high demand.
Shangpliang received a phone call from Agartala (Tripura) to receive thermogenic methane (LPG) gas.
Due to the incident, the DC has imposed a curfew from 7 pm in parts of Tura and other surrounding areas.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday set up a new office at Pynurbka village in East Jaintia Hills District.
The Lonar Lake, located in Maharashtra, has turned red in the past few days.
Shillong: After a case was lodged with the police over the protest in Khyndailad, the FKJGP has said that the government has not enforced Section 144CrPC at all and therefore the three organizations have not violated the law.
MPCC Working President Shri Jame Lyngdoh and MPCC General Secretary W Kyndiah were also present on the occasion.
Dr Mukul urged the government to wake up from sleep and work hard to provide the necessary facilities to fight against COVID-19 and prevent the third outbreak.
From now on, if we find that such an incident happens, we will do whatever is necessary and we will not allow these foreigners to use violence in this beloved country of ours”.
Bajop Pyngrope in his speech said that if it were not for the efforts of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, the state would not have escaped from the CAA. “The Prime Minister, other parties will take advantage of this issue,” he said.
At the recent Decent Worker Day (DWD) programme, the domestic workers said that those who want certified workers demand a lot of work and low pay, while the domestic workers have to spend a lot of money. during curfews due to lack of public transportation.
Not only to the people here, but also to those News Channels and Companies who conduct the Exit Poll after the vote, because all the News Channels and Companies have set the VPP to win between 0 and
“His (Himanta’s) statement is a criticism of the Miya community and it is a misleading statement.
Preparations to appeal to the Supreme Court are in full swing”.
On the other hand, the Principal of Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Ms A. Tariang, said that in the case of students of class IX to XII, the attendance of the students will be according to the permission of the parents. , but according to the response from the parents, many parents agreed to hold classes as usual.
Shillong, July 25: The Jaintia People's Movement (JPM) Central Body has urged the state government to implement the Lokayukta Bill as soon as possible in the state so that it can bring about equality between the rich and the poor. the rich and the poor who live in the state.
Guwahati: The Chief Minister's Office (CMO) has spent Rs 34.13 crore in 2023 on helicopter and other aircraft fares alone.
When asked about the quality of the products, they said that the best products are from Garo Hills and in Khasi Hills they are from Pnar Hills and from villages beyond Smit.
To increase the medical expenses from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh through Ayushman Bharat.
