He said that the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam has not been resolved yet and these areas include the areas within the border of KHADC nearby and the areas of KHADC. KAAC Block II. He said that this failure to resolve the border issue has caused many problems to the people living on the border since the past until now and it seems to have worsened as it goes along. that day.
Aaryaman, a debutant singer from Assam, has impressed the audience with his songs which he has composed and sung at the fashion show.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Teinwel said that during his tenure as Chief Executive Member of KHADC, he had gathered all the Hima to order that all those who do not have a law, should build one. they will work and stay in operation.
The total number of recoveries is 8,345 and the death toll is
The Khasi Student Union, Jowai Circle on Tuesday sent out all its employees and closed down the office of Mahader Gudar, which is the revenue collection group. Walk through the Toll Plaza at Pasyih Ïalong, West Jaintia Hills District for about 2 hours.
The total amount of money is T.72,47,0
The percentage of voter turnout was 67.4%, which the Commission has taken as a target to improve.
The IDF claimed that two senior Hamas leaders were killed in the bombing.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,021 with Eat Khasi Hills having 746 cases, West Khasi Hills 25 cases, South West Khasi Hills 7 cases, Ribhoi District 85, West Jaintia Hills 116 cases, East Jaintia Hills 22 cases and West Garo Hills having 746 cases. hills, East Garo and North Garo hills.
Shillong, Nailur 14: A group of dancers, singers and musicians in the state under the leadership of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA) on Tuesday held a short protest to demand that the government should implement the The demand of AMDA since 2003 to provide financial support to the poor and to set up institutes for them and not to remember dancers and singers only during elections.
COCOMI has banned the remaining bodies of the Kuki-Zo ethnic groups, who are traffickers in alcoholic beverages and forests, from being buried at the sericulture Turbung Bangla of Bishnupur district. in the border of Churachanpur district.
Through this statement, the Army said that it continues to conduct such raids along the border areas to curb smuggling and other illegal activities.
Thus she had one child by one father, the second by one father.
Shillong: On the evening of July 12, 2021, the KSU Kynshi Circle, under the leadership of Samla Wankula Samkmie, President of the Circle, has arrested 28 mynder in Kynshi village.
Vajpayee passed away at 5.05 pm on Friday, 16th July 2018, a statement from AIIMS said.
However, surprisingly, even after the reopening of the markets after the decline in the number of cases of Covid-19, the MDA Government has not taken action to reopen the market.
In these times, even our Ministers are more happy and excited to open all the functions or to cut the ribbons of various projects to make them happier.
The District Legal Services Authority, West Jaintia Hills District (under the aegis of NALSA) has launched a Campaign on the theme “Opening Doors for Education to Children”. and on the Rights of Children for the Free and Compulsory Education Act, 2009, on 12th June at Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District.
The meeting also presented a report on the activities of the branch from the previous office bearers and most importantly the report on the census which has been collected about 668 Kur Warjri households in the Pyndenumiong branch.
Pandey said that through the Aadhar number, one can withdraw more than T.50,000 without using the PAN. payment of more than T.50,000 and PAN is also required if you buy land or house worth more than T.10 lakh.
Doctors after investigation suspected that it was food poisoning according to the residents and the health department of Ri Bhoi District is on its way to the scene to conduct a food poisoning. Investigation to find out the root cause and also to take samples from the public for testing abroad.
Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai beat Umrynjah Presbyterian Secondary School, Umrynjah 2-0 in the final to win the title of the IX Inter. School Knock Out Football Tournament 2023" was organized by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), Mawlai Circle on Thursday 15th November,
That is why God commanded Noah to bring into the ark two and two of every kind of unclean animal, male and female, so that they would not be destroyed when He brought a flood on the earth (Gen.7:2). .
On the other hand, the Tribunal has granted bail to four persons, because it was during their tenure, that 15 people died, on 6th November, 2012 in South Garo Hills district. to appear in the next hearing on 19th June.
According to the MRSSA, foreigners have to fill up Form IV only at the Facilitation Centers where they will be placed at the Entry & Exit Points (EEPs) and will be given only an Acknowledgment but nothing. ei how long you can stay.
With Kyrshan Dkhar.
The Rangbah Shnong of Panaliar, Bah Rana Lakiang, said that this action of the health department has left the village in darkness. The Civil Hospital has been moved to Ialong without consulting the village authorities.
There is also an old age pension which can be obtained from the Block Offices of the department, as well as an award to any person who has reached the age of 100 years.
In this regard, the union strongly opposes the opening of the market and at the same time, the union has decided to hold a mass protest on the 9th of this month at Tamabil Dawki.
This happened at Weipyllun Lyngiong on the Mawphlang-Tyrsad road.
Shillong, Nailur 21 : Up to 1520 persons have been arrested and 50 others have been convicted in connection with drug trafficking so far, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong. The bill was passed in the Legislative Assembly on Friday.
However, he was urged to focus first to ensure that trucks should not be harassed and should not be forced to load the same goods three times and to avoid being taxed three times for the same goods. Enrico D Pasi, General Secretary Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association, said in a statement.
After the inspection, the union expressed its regret that the residents of many villages have to walk every day on rough roads even in this new and technological age, where many villages have received roads. who are perfect.
To encourage the youth to take part, the office has also prepared prizes in which the first place winners will receive a cash prize of T.7000, the second place winners will receive a T.7000 cash prize. T.5000 and the third place winners will receive T.3
"I'm glad you came here, son," said Niakha. Rida laughed.
He said that MeECL is currently in short supply of funds and needs the assistance of the government in many areas.
Similarly, Government officials from the Soil Department have come to try to plant trees in this village but the villagers have not been allowed to put up the sign board of the Department because they are afraid that the time will come when the villagers will not. You cannot enter, leave or set foot in these Forests.
He said that in these days, Bah HM Shangpliang and Bah Alvin Sawkmie have already met with the office bearers of the BJP and the office bearers of the NPP Mawsynram Block.
He said he chose to join the NPP because he saw the work that the incumbent MLA has done for the community and also for the poor.
Shillong, Nailur 27: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) today held a meeting with 29 Congress MLAs at the residence of CLP Leader Dr. Mukul Sangma. The state has decided not to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) as demanded by 10 political parties with the support of other political parties.
At the time of writing, no tragic incident has occurred in Jaintia Hills.
The handover of the tins of houses to Kong Snaitang was also attended by the elders and neighbours.
The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) has rejected the statement of the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of the state to the people on the violation of Covid protocol during the mid-term elections.
On the other hand, Conrad K Sangma, who went to the Lok Sabha in June 2016, after the death of PA Sangma, showed that he went to the Lok Sabha with 48 percent votes and then took part in the Lok Sabha. He has asked 16 questions and has not brought any Private Members Bills during his short term in the Lok Sabha.
In the second half and second half, Golden Lion FC and Siliguri United FC played a draw and no one could score.
The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) has now staged a protest to demand Garoland and will also hold a protest in Shillong on November
The group alleged that a video circulated today shows that the Meitei mob has taken two Kuki-Zo women to a field where they have been raped by many. after.
“As the party and as the political party leaders from this region, we will stand together to strongly oppose this bill,” he said.
If this happens to those curoiler or broiler farmers in the village, they should not be allowed but should look for places far away from the villages.
Shillong: The State Government through the Electricity Department has prepared to rehabilitate the Umiam Bridge, as it is used by thousands of heavy and small vehicles a day.
Suddenly, the Rangbah Shnong was invited to inspect the construction of the school building.
The BJP, which leads the government in Assam and the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) which was formed for the purpose of working together to bring about development in the region, has expressed its surprise. , now you have started to show yourself to me.
All three prominent parties, including the BJP, Congress and JD(S) had the opportunity to rally the support of the people for the election.
There are some MDCs who disagree with the contract for the Labor License, as the Council does not have its own policemen who are paid monthly, and another issue they disagree with is the issuance of Labor Licence. In the private sector, there may be a widespread issuance of licenses only to collect a lot of commission and this will affect many Khasi who will lose their jobs if foreigners are allowed to stand at will.
Introducing the Bill, Bah Adelbert said that the State Reservation Policy has affected the youth due to its bias and after the implementation of the Roster System by the Court. and she became more and more angry with the young men.
When asked about the VPP's claim that the Reservation Policy was done by the former leaders without thinking, Bah Titos said that for him personally, to blame the former leaders is not right, but It is impossible to say that the Reservation Policy is sufficient, because it has been implemented.
It also strengthens our tribal identity.
Shillong, July 17: The President of the BHE&IA, Bah Nikistar Nongrang, on Tuesday said that the permission of the Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Pynursla Civil Sub Division to implement the Quarry Slip has been approved. The price of Challan for quarrying has increased from T.2200 thousand to T.4000 per tonne.
She taught the children about mental health and how to strengthen prevention measures.
He said that in the past few days, the police and the SRT team have come to search, but only for 10 or 12 days because of the high water level, it has not been searched. and they were afflicted, and went away.
The areas they will visit during these days are Amjalong, Muktapur, Amsku, Nongkhen, Raijalong, Tamabil and Dawki.
Kyrmen Shylla may be in charge of Social Welfare and Excise, Marcuise N Marak may be in charge of Agriculture and Rakkam A Sangma may be in charge of Sports. and lift up the young men.
Some examples will be given to teach us all:-Through this message, may God help us, that we may understand and understand by ourselves.
Seven persons have been arrested for attempting to instigate violence by demanding money in the name of militant groups, the Assam police chief said.
The District South West Khasi Hills District is one of the districts which produces and trains prominent athletes especially in the field of running. Donbester Syiemlieh, a wrestler from Meghalaya, has won the title of the Delhi Open MMA Championship 2023 in the Fly Weight Division. He defeated three Indian wrestlers and won the gold medal.
All that remains is to file a charge sheet and charge him under strict rules of law so that the court can decide and give him a strict punishment.
He denied that there is any division within the party just because they don't discuss or disagree with the decisions that affect the people.
India has set up a center in Jeddah for the deportation of Indians and Home Minister V Muraleedharan has inspected the procedures for the repatriation of Indians. from the capital of Saudi Arabia.
Six months later, she went back and there too, he raped her again and when the woman refused, Baba warned her to keep quiet, because he had high officials. those who are close to him.
Guwahati: The internet ban in Assam has been in place for more than a month.
We have seen from time to time, that this celebration has become a worldwide phenomenon.
In a letter sent to DD Lapang, Khan has explained his reasons why he left the party which can be said to be the party with which he has become a blood relative. .
Shillong, March 19: The Shillong Archdiocese Catholic Youth Movement (SACYM) on Tuesday held a special prayer for the religious leaders who have disrupted the meeting. of the Catholic Youth Church of Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh (MP).
The program was also attended by the Rangbah Shnong, the youth and especially the women of the area.
Latiplang, who is also the Vice Chairman of the Kharkongor Kur Dorbar, said that he will soon start from the Kharkongor Kur.
Guwahati: Police of Charaideo District together with Sapekhati Army COB of 244 Fd.
On this occasion, Latiplang said that the Syiem has been given time to give a clear answer and within a few days the Executive Committee will decide.
Some say that Anita and Pema used to talk about going to Guwahati and then going to Jammu and Kashmir.
It is not known whether the owner of the film will release the film in other places.
RG said that his return to politics through the Congress party was after seeing the situation in the state because of the injustice and suffering of the people. .
We must understand that an elder cannot understand the plight of those who have given birth and who are going through a heavy burden like mothers who have been abandoned by their husbands.
The development of such seeds to supply the billions of farmers in the world, India and Meghalaya will take years. that many years.
He bought the animal from abroad and according to the interview, Angad said that the animal is legal to keep for humans, as it is not a species native to India, but from Mexico. , the continent of Africa.
The actions we take, whether good or bad, all come from the thoughts and the heartbeat.
The visit showed that the government is concerned about these developments.
The Deputy CEM of JHADC, Bah Lasky Rymbai as the chief guest, stressed that blood donation is essential for a healthy body.
Even after he had committed the crime, the Rangbah, who was known as Teibor Mawlong, continued to rob the Heprit. one place to another and not knowing what else he would have planned to do.
They gathered together to think together before deciding on anything.
The Union of Village Authorities of Upper Shillong (UVL) has put forward a number of demands before the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh. Residents have to pay for Occupancy Certificate and Labor Cess for those who have just built new houses.
Shillong: A Class 10 student of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya (JNV) in William Nagar has been seriously injured after being beaten up by the students of the school. .
This error is said to be due to the misspelling of the name of the person.
Pohkseh played well from the start and scored the first goal in the 5th minute through Reinjoywell Wartde.
I am a 60-year-old man who has gone through many difficult times.
He also announced that the price of home delivery has been increased from T.17 tyngka to T.20 tyngka, and the price of LPG to home delivery has been increased to T.446 tyngka.
Jowai, Naitung 01: The Seiñraij Jowai today inaugurated the 'Soo Langdoh' of Jowai, Tuber, Ïalong and Kongwasan Chyrmang at a meeting held at Jowai District. This is the square that is located in Dulong, Jowai.
The way a smart meter works is (i) smart usage, where consumers see how much electricity they use and when they use it and can reduce their consumption. you don't need power.
Angela said that not only the bill will not become a law, but even the existing Khasi Social Customs and Lineage Act, 2005 will die.
Sohra, Nailur 15 : The Borsing Syiem Children's Home in Mawsmai on Thursday received a vehicle from the MDC of Nongshken, Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri. of the Prime Minister known as the Chief Minister Rural Development Fund (CMRDF).
The Union said that the Khadar administration in the Malai Sohmat Hima has been arranged according to the customs and traditions during the time when the ARPA was in power. The ARPA has removed the Syiem Paialas Iawrod and appointed Francis without the knowledge of the Hima.
What is the job of the ASHAs??When the ASHAs are protesting against the government's failure to pay their salaries and benefits, Rupang asked the ASHAs what they have to do. .
Speaking to reporters, the Senior Vice President of the FKJGP, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, said that the reason why the FKJGP has taken action on this issue is to provide land for the FKJGP. This has affected the cleanliness of the area and the health of the people. Many of the garbage has been dumped in public places especially on the roads since the beginning of the year. Khanapara in Byrnihat.
Both the meetings were attended by the Congress leaders of these two Block Committees.
He also suggested that it would be better if the Government compared the performance of the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills before taking a final decision to form a Joint Venture.
“There is no space to build over bridges in Shillong and for this reason the government has not been able to solve these problems in terms of traffic,” he added.
The suspect was identified as Tangaraju Suppiah, 46, and was detained at Changi Prison Complex.
Besides Dr. Evalyneda BB Laloo, doctors and nurses of MCH Panaliar, Jowai also attended the function.
Dr. Ampareen said that the Cancer Wing of the Civil Hospital Shillong has implemented the MHIS scheme well to assist those who come for treatment at the hospital. Patients who come for treatment do not have to pay because the government has paid through the MHIS Card.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: KHNAM has decided to support Conrad K Sangma in the mid-term MP elections from Tura to be held on the 16th of this month. moon.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbai on Tuesday said that the quit notice of the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jowai to the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia and the villages against the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai is unacceptable. .
The bank will be closed for five days because 40 of its employees have tested positive for the corona virus.
HSS vs. Trangblang Govt. UP & RMSA at 2 pm and Police Public School vs. Jowai Govt.
Shillong: The AYWO Garo Hills District has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to express his dissatisfaction with the decision taken by the Cabinet recently to allow the to open the rural markets which used to be held once a day especially in the border areas without any preparation. come to the market.
The Chooh Thyndai must be completed before the Longdoh and the Wasan Raij can drive out the disease.
The Heads of Governors shall look together and join hands for the good.
Bah Nongrum was taken to Shillong District Jail until 9.30 pm for delay in issuing the order.
The main reason why these Assamese have left is because they are afraid to board a boat at Wah Umngot, where many of them have stopped at Dawki and some have gone to Nongpdeng. .
Shillong, November 1: From tomorrow, 2nd November, the market vendors will start showing their strength to the government authorities by going to those places where they are selling and carrying pla cards. They shall write down their names, the goods they sell and how long they have been in these shops.
The meeting was attended by government officials from Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
According to the Prime Minister, the Select Committee headed by the Prime Minister has completed its work and will soon announce the rules.
Jesus came to Israel from the Jewish nation, but they did not accept him even though God wanted to choose this Jewish nation to send His Son into this world. he.
To implement this demand, the meeting has set up the National Law School, Demand Committee, Jaintia Hills.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said, “My father, PA Sangma, used to express his concern for the Ranikor Constituency and said that if there is an opportunity, we should do something for them. I am very proud that we now have the opportunity to do something for Ranikor”.
He did not live in space or on planets or anywhere else.
There will be 14-15 candidates from the state and a total of 50 candidates including 8 women.
Sanatomba Bamon, General Secretary KSU Narpuh Circle, said, “We have witnessed the lights going out due to the heavy rain and snow in these few days. just lips.
Tinsukia: Members of the Bajrang Dal, yesterday, marched in Tinsukia town, carrying swords, spears and weapons.
“The BJP is very concerned about this and the people should not accept this because the reason is the lack of attention of the state government to implement the schemes that the central government has allocated to clean up the city,” he said. Shillong, which has been competed by the state government in the Cleanliness Competition, has reached the 276th position out of 500 cities in the country. ranking shows that it is an extremely polluted city.
Shillong: The Rama Krishna Mission Ashrama Sohra has expressed its gratitude and special congratulations to the Rama Krishna Mission Ashrama Sohra for providing assistance to the poor families in Sohphoh on the 19th July. 2021.
Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School Sangshong on 3rd November 2022 celebrated the International Day for Persons with Disabilities. at the program held at the ground floor of the school in Sangshong.
Employees should contribute 0.75% and employers should contribute 3.25% of salary to ESI. It applies across India not only in central government offices, state governments, but all types of private sector jobs such as factories, hotels, schools, shops, cinemas, farms, forest workers, contractors, health centers and so on (once there are more than 10 employees (20 ka depending on the job), employers have to register their employees in that office).
Shillong, Lber, 7: An elderly man from Assam has died inside a hotel room in Shillong on Friday.
According to my research, many of the most beautiful and clean tourist spots in India and even in Meghalaya are those that have their own caretakers in charge of the tourist spots.
On the other hand, u Bah Rymbui said that he has just received information that some of the political parties have come out to carry banners around Shillong, but he has not received a full report on this.
Food is essential, but what is surprising is that the food department has only rice and a few months and no other items to offer.
We know that many people have their own vehicles to go to and from school at any time.
The district administration has sent a magistrate to investigate according to the requirements of the law.
“I will do my best to support their election with all my might and I will work hard in all my work.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 57,000 out of which 51,981 have recovered and 939 have died.
Shillong: There have been 558 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, while the death toll has risen to
It is worth mentioning that there is a market between Bangladeshis and Indians and in this market the goods are sold only from across the border which is covered with a shi line. pan price and he threw his hands on either side of the tyllai.
Shylla said that since the formation of the MDA government in the UDP party, there has been no arrangement to replace ministers and if there is such an intention to replace ministers within the UDP. “If the party and the president of the party need to change ministers, we will talk to each other,” he said.
In fact, the blessing of the new church was scheduled for 18th June, 2021 but due to the lockdown in Bangladesh on those dates, it was postponed.
One of the reasons is that due to the weather conditions, the flowering of these flowers is not exact every year because last year it flowered in the last month of April while this year it flowered in November. .
He said that he has taken this decision to contest the election after hundreds of people have come every day since he retired from the government. he shall not contest the election.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Shillong on 14th November 2023 has enforced Section 144 Cr PC which allows only commercial buses and light motor vehicles (LMVs) to pass through the Damsite Bridge. and Umiam bridge is currently under repair.
In another report, it was learned that about 80 percent of Garo residents in Assam have not been included in the NRC. Most of those who have not been included are men living in Hatighopa village. This is located in Balijana Development Block.
“We hope that this policy will help our state to fight against many issues related to mental illness and how to get rid of this discrimination against those who have such mental illness. difficulty.
The number of cases has risen sharply this month, with 35,000 cases reported this month.
He informed that the Directorate will fall under the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Hering Shangpliang, coach of Langsning Football Club and Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh, coach of Mawlai Sports Club, said that the Meghalaya State League has been successful in conducting the tournament. To move forward in Shillong, Jowai, Mawkyrwat and Tura is not enough.
“Dr Arwin expressed his gratitude to the members of the HYC who have come forward to work with them especially during the lockdown.
The donation was handed over to the Rangbah Shnongs at a meeting held today at the Ladthadlaboh Hall, Jowai. The meeting was chaired by the Rangbah Shnong of Ladthadlaboh, LD Lakiang. Local MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, MDC Octowot Lamin and Rangbah Shnong.
In this regard, the party said that there is a strong suspicion that it is a political act by bringing in one's own person only for the benefit of the upcoming elections.
This Easter message teaches us all to prepare for the second coming of the Lord Jesus.
JKPRRS invites all those who cannot attend this service.
Furthermore, the people who were able to tyndep in the maïa of the thlen were called Lang-thoh-khlieh and this is a story about the thlen how he showed respect for the name of human beings like goats. write white from the shyllang.
Bah Shangpliang also complained that the 1917 vehicles are not working at all, because the farmers do not receive any assistance from these vehicles. , they didn't find these cars, because they were busy in other places.
Speaking to reporters, Rowel said the government has already sent a letter to the central government to appoint another judge in the High Court in the state.
Furthermore, the meeting also selected teachers to teach chess to children and youth and set a goal to conduct training online and offline in the coming days.
After this, the college has been included in the Rashtriya Uchchatar Education Abhiyan (RUSA) 1.0 and the purpose of RUSA is to provide assistance to colleges in their areas. Nongtalang College who has taken over the post of President of the College so that these benefits of the College can be achieved with his assistance as a Minister of State.
According to information received, the President of KSU Mawshbuit Unit and Nongthymmai Circle has been admitted to the Civil Hospital. go and demand that the gate be opened.
The fish researchers from the Zoological Survey of India, Shillong said that this fish is found in the Amazon and the eastern rivers of the United States.
Don't wait until you have passed Graduate or Post Graduate, get information in advance, so that you can set a goal to take these important examinations,” said Bah Spencer Mylliem.
Meghalaya Deputy Chief Minister and National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has strongly criticized those who use social media to write and create false pictures of him, Conrad K Sangma and others. Sñiawbhalang Dhar on various social media platforms and urged them to change their minds while there is still time.
The election for the Legislative Assembly of the State has just ended and in about 10 years, the people will have to come out again to elect the Leaders for the District Councils.
The statement said that what is more shocking is that the Government has taken advantage of their surrender in the name of peace and the HNLC has raised the question, “Who is the founder of the GNLA? “We all know that Sohan D Shira is a fighter who was killed when he was the Area Commander of the ANVC and his twice flight to the forest to form the GNLA is twice as terrible as the ANVC. The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) will release the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) and Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) Examinations, 2018 (Arts Stream) on 25th January.
Shillong: U Bah L.Kharkongor, Inspector, Legal Metrology, East Jaintia Hills District, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 27th of July at 10 pm, he and the police arrested seven mining workers. coal while mining coal in Nongjri (East Jaintia Hills).
Superintendent of Police Rituraj Ravi said that Luikham committed suicide at 7:30 pm.
On the same day, the Chief Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, laid the foundation stone and inaugurated the C&RD Block at Bhoirymbong. , the Bhoirymbong Pyllun Youth Association, have held a placard rally at Lumsohpieng Village, which is only 10 km from Bhoirymbong.
The death toll has risen to 154 in the past 24 hours, the health ministry said.
The Government has spent more than T.6 crore through 6500 Village Health Councils to strengthen health facilities in the villages in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs.
Bah CB Syiem is also a resident of Umbuda village in Nongpoh, but the reason why he turned to Mawhati is because of the backwardness of this constituency compared to others. He wants to bring about change if the people are able and support him to contest this upcoming election as they are also an area where he has a close relationship with the people because his beloved mothers and fathers are from Mawhati and he doesn't have any difference because he is one of the oldest people who has worked in Ri-Bhoi.
With regard to us Khasi Pnar here in our own country, we dare to say that the worst is still waiting for us.
Because of the lack of jobs, I had to run away from home to places where there is no network from Mawsynram to talk about my jobs through the phone.
New Delhi: A group of students of Jamia Millia, have come outside this morning to cold in front of the university, without wearing any clothes, to protest against the attack on the students. police arrested these students last night.
The Indian Red Cross Society and the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts Guides, West Jaintia Hills District as part of their collaboration with the government in preventing the spread of Covid-19 in the district have taken steps to build and install These hand washing points were inaugurated by S Tariang, District Commissioner Guides, West. W. Lyngdoh, Chairman IRCS, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Scout Masters, Guides Captains, Rovers and Rangers.
During these meetings, the rules to be followed, such as wearing masks, social distancing, proper hand washing and thermal scanning, were allowed.
The best types of soil for growing rice are those which I have called in previous chapters “loam”, that is, a soil that is half clay and half clay.
Besides, he said the EC will take care of the problems of the people in the border area whether in Block-II and other areas.
He said that through the initiative of the MDA government, Ranikor Constituency has received 7 schools while Mawkyrwat Constituency has already received 7 schools. 5 pieces.
Shillong, June 18 : Up to 1010 households will benefit from the Jal Jeevan Mission scheme worth Rs 8.60 crore in Mawlynrei.
He said that after a thorough investigation, these youths said that some people had brought them and at first they were very close to make friends.
Mizoram is deeply saddened by the deaths and injuries on both sides and wishes them recovery.
Ravindra Puri, Secretary Niranjani Akhara, said, “Due to the rapid increase in the number of cases, Haridwar is not in a beautiful appearance. They will leave on the 17th of June, after the ritual of leit sum in the Ganga.
“This misuse of power and production will cost the Corporation which will have to be paid by the people.
Miss.
Other speakers included JHADC Dy CEM Lasky Rymbai, Finlyness Bareh MDC Rymbai, former MLA Justine Dkhar and others.
Shillong, Lber 15 : Meghalaya has become increasingly prominent in the field of sports, due to the skills and proper use of the talents of the athletes in various sports.
Arjun Ram Meghwal – Minister of State in the Ministry of Parliamentary Affairs; and Minister of State in the Ministry of Heavy Industries and Public Enterprises4.
“Since we upgraded the school to Secondary Level, the school has recorded a record 100 percent pass percentage, except in two years,” said Bah S.Laloo.
He also made it clear that he would form a government in America, with his ideas, through the film, Black Panther, which is a film, produced in Africa.
In Eastern West Khasi Hills, up to 695 houses have been damaged by the landslide in Mawthadaraishan area on 17th and 18th June.
This Plan provides double income, risk cover and market income.
From the market, Motphran, Umsohsun area to Khyndailat, to other townships and villages in Shillong to Laitumkhrah Rynjah and other villages, there was a flood of land vendors.
He said the state government's intention to pass a law on the post of village administration and not to allow government employees to hold village posts is because some Rangbah Shnongs are too biased because of all this. They have been misled by the CEM of KHADC, which has turned away from other Rangbah Shnongs who have the spirit to do the right thing in the village.
Bengaluru FC, the winners of the tournament, have fallen into Group C along with Gokulam Kerala FC, Indian Air Force Football Team and Kerala Blasters FC. Mumbai City FC, the champions of the Indian Super League, have been placed in Group B along with Indian Navy Football Team. Jamshedpur FC, Mohammedan SC and Group D includes Bodoland FC, Army Red Football Team, Odisha FC and Rajasthan United FC. I'm going to the quarterfinals.
Shillong, March 30: The MLA and MDC of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Lambor Malngiang, on Tuesday said that the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Rules, 2021 should be repealed immediately. temporarily kill the laws and they will be in force again in six months.
Not only that, the wildfire also destroys the soil, because when the rain comes, the water carries away the fertilizer which has turned into fire and in the hot sun the soil dries up and the plants. They take a long time to grow and gradually disappear.
In June 2022, the Church gathered political party leaders (the first of its kind) to urge them to form a clean and transparent government. in the year 2023.
Any qualification recognized by the competent authority is sufficient for the appropriate job and within the given time frame, according to the ruling.
He explained that he does not treat Madanriting with contempt.
What happened in Jerusalem? After a few years of Jesus' words being fulfilled, the Temple in Jerusalem was attacked and destroyed until the soldiers did not leave a stone upon a stone. under the leadership of Emperor Titus in 70 AD It was exactly like that Pharisee story he told his disciples, that the Jews did not want him to be their King, God said and it happened.
In another development, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) against the Assam police over the incident.
Shillong, July 22: The Village Diengkynthong Laitryngew in collaboration with the Seng Samla has organized the '11th Sapksiar Rynsan' from 6th to 16th July 2017 in which various games were held. such as fairy tales, songs, costumes, dramas, dances and other special and interesting games.
She also criticized the president of the VPP for being a man who wants employment to be from home, work for money and a man who wants to deprive the share and opportunity. to the Garo people.
In Sohra, too, a member of the KSU took to the streets to stand with a sign demanding ILP during the visit of the Minister of Home Affairs.
Nongsiang said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah apparently did not want to talk to the teachers and had insulted them by sending them to talk to the Commissioner and Secretary IR Sangma who is only a servant of government ministers.
Therefore, it is difficult for them to contest the upcoming LS elections.
Regarding the One Time Settlement Scheme (OTSS), the UDP Youth in Ri Bhoi, have asked how many poor and middle class families have benefited or is it only the industrial areas and companies that have benefited? , he asked the President of the NPP Youth Wing.
Because of the threat that if they do not pay, they will be shot dead by their husbands, they have convened the Dorbar Kur of the Ar-kur and will hold the meeting tomorrow morning. It is to find ways how to raise money to rescue these two.
Lyngdoh joined the United Democratic Party (UDP) last year and has also received the ticket from the party to be its candidate in the upcoming elections.
Shillong: U BP Katakey, head of the NGT committee to oversee the sale of remaining coal, on Tuesday said that the sale of coal will take place only after the draft policy has been prepared and approved by the government. Meghalaya.
Therefore, the Union also requests other members of the Sengbhalang, men and women who are concerned about the life and death of the jaitbynriew, to attend this public meeting at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 3: “The HSPDP has been criticized in the past years, especially in the year of the passing away of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh. Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, his niece, said that she was buried at the cemetery in Mawkyllei, but it didn't happen,” said Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait, her niece. Khasi Hills is still there.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma while speaking at the opening ceremony of the Midterm Conference of the Indian Association of Surgical Oncology (IASO) held in Shillong from 25th to 27th of this month. .
Shillong, Jymmang 7: The state has been facing a shortage of electricity in these days which is allegedly due to the flooding of the Wah Umiam, Rupang has spoken to report. and some of the magicians whom he had seen in the past few days had been able to do their miracles.
Bengaluru will be one of the cities to host the Subroto Cup International Football Tournament, which will start from 19th to 23rd March at three venues.
I'm not worried, I'm going to Sylhet, Shilot.
The Community Hall was constructed under the Special Rural Work Program (SPWP) Scheme for the year 2019-2020 at a cost of 4,50,000 tyngka.
New Delhi: The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi today inaugurated the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital and Research Center in Mohali, Punjab.
The Syiem and the dorbar urged the elders and village officials of the Hima Myriaw not to attend the dorbar convened by HF Marngar which is against the customs and traditions of the Hima.
Hebrews 11:29 “By faith also Sara herself received strength to conceive seed, and was delivered of a child when she was past age, because she judged him faithful who had promised.
The football tournament was attended by the Ummulong District Youth Assembly, Church Committee Members, Ummulong Presbyterian Youth Assembly, Maskut, Mookyndur and Madur Youth Assembly. .
On the 7th of November, 1906, a flag with the words 'Bande Mataram' was raised at Parsee Bagan Square, Green Park, Calcutta.
They are afraid that their village will also be filled with the polluted air from Marten.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has announced that all government offices and schools in the 26 Shella Constituency will be closed on the 21st of this month due to the mid-term elections.
The Sordar also urged the owners to come and take care of it, otherwise the village will not be responsible if anything happens, because if anything happens or injures the people, it will be a pity.
The KSU said that the appointment of these two foreign leaders to a high position is like the government giving a buskit to the enemies of the jaitbynriew and this will encourage the authorities to come forward and iuhroit. and violate the rights of the Khasi people.
The competition was organized by the Cham Cham Dorbar Shnong and the Cham Cham Tourism Promotion Society at the Rynji & Sahksaw Festival 2022 on Thursday and Saturday last month.
The money was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes today at the office of the Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong. .
The Mawkyrwat District Cycling Association (MDCA) has expressed its pride and responsibility to one of its members before he leaves for the UCI Mountain Bike (MTB) Eliminator World Championships. Cup 2022 held a ceremony to award them with words of congratulations at the office of the association.
We would like to inform you here that those dreams of building flyovers and skywalks existed even before Conrad entered politics.
Explaining on the number of drug addicts, Dr. LR Bishnoi said that 74 percent of the drug addicts are youth. Therefore, as a country that needs young people, it does not want young people to get involved in drug abuse, therefore it needs everyone to take action together, so that drug abuse can be eradicated.
S.Tariang, Vice President, MBS&G-West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest and DE Pariat, Principal Lissi Pearl Secondary School Mukhla. Rosie Bang, DOC (G) and Carefully Gassah, DOC (S) were the chief guests.
He said that in the past when there were no tourists, he went to work in another job and that was to carry shyiap. while ai that people.
The order states that Municipal areas, Cantonment areas, Mawlai C&RD Block including Census Towns, Mawpat C&RD Block including Census Towns, Mylliem C&RD Block including Umshyrpi Bridge to 7th Mile, Upper Shillong, including Madanring, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkesh, Umlyngka and Lawsohtun.
The Mawphor Office and YouTube Channel once again take this opportunity to wish you all a Happy New Year especially to the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills who have supported, helped and encouraged us. us in many areas that we cannot fully understand.
On the other hand, the Chairman of COMSO, Bah Robertjune Kharjarin, has strongly condemned some of the opportunists who have tried to disrupt the rally. There has been a lot of pressure from the public and the police.
The No-Entry Point from Wahingdoh to Hima Mylliem will be a no-entry point.
Tynsong said that to avoid crowding at the vaccination centres, the department has arranged to inform through mobile phone the date and time to those who have already registered to get vaccination.
“Furthermore, Bah AL Hek strongly criticized by saying, “These rules should be stopped when the Chief Minister does not follow the rules.
The PDF was founded in 2017 by Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem who was the CEM of KHADC in those years and Bah Ivanlum Marbaniang was the first President.
There were 160 participants from 16 states of the country and 10 countries of the world but many tourists flocked to Meghalaya.
It is true and has happened in nature or in man that power corrupts.
He said that the illegal residents have applied to convert the land into a residential area and to build guest houses and other buildings for their own use.
Shallang is a famous village, The famous market of Ri Lyngngam, Mynder covers every day, Your wealth will be taken by them.
“This morning, the MeECL department has sent back some of the documents requested by the ED,” he said.
Rida replied. Rida didn't say anything else and just sat down and did her job to help the customers who came to buy from the shop.
These three persons include one of the PWD employees, Tidle Warjri from Ladthadlaboh, Humi Kynjing from Ladthadlaboh and Timi Ryng from Demthring who lives in Ladthadlaboh.
“There are 342 households and they have not been filled and we have decided to allocate another 1.4 acres of land against the previously allocated 2.14 acres and the total will be about 3.6 acres more.
Other speakers on the occasion were RAFA President Michael Lyngdoh, Apualus D. Sangma and Romoland. Paliar with the witness of the farmers of Nongnah and Photkroh.
On the other hand, the SP East Khasi Hills and the DGP have held immediate talks with the SP of Patna and the SP (City) of East Patna regarding the incident.
The deceased were aged between 26 and 40 years, police said.
He said that at the last ARPA meeting, Bah Ardent had admitted that he may have made a mistake in his humanity and he was ready to correct that mistake.
Therefore, we urge the government to expedite the development and implementation of a proper sports policy for the benefit of the youth.
At 1 pm, a special sermon was held by the members of the Union by visiting the homes of the brothers and sisters who are weak in the faith to encourage them to become true Christians. .
Police have recovered an Ak 56 rifle and Chinese-made bullets from the scene of the shooting.
We have to work so that the state can fill its own shortcomings in Meghalaya,” he said.
Nongpoh: Officials of the Byrnihat Market Management Committee, on Thursday, visited the Byrnihat Market, one of the markets in Ri Bhoi on the Meghalaya-Assam border. The Committee has found that some foreigners have illegally stayed in the market and also found that some have started to cross the boundary of the market.
“The Managing Directors of MTC who work well, have been dismissed and this shows that the corruption in MTC is very terrible,” she said. that's right,".
In terms of agriculture, nearly 100/100 of the Nongmukroh live on agriculture: the most important agriculture is rice, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, sorghum, soybeans, soybeans, jhur, Phandieng, Shriew and planting trees to grow forests because the soil in this Pnar area is fertile and the forests are growing quickly. Assam and earlier the KNV and UPDS killed six Nongmukroh about 20 years ago on the forest road.
The seven families who have been evacuated are Rosemary Paliar, Tarling Paliar, Friska Paliar, Taksis Thongni, Melchisius Thongni, Cicilia Paliar and Shermelinda Paliar.
The eLearning Center and Turmeric Processing Unit were implemented by the Society for Action on Community Health (SACH) through the HRDP Project and funded by HDFC Bank. good in the state.
Their visit was to visit the preparations for the Assembly elections.
“It is a personal statement of Bah Pynshngain as it appeared in the media and it is not from the party,” said the NPP MDCs. Because there is no money that is more precious than health, they say that if you are sick or in a bad body, even the mountains will not fall.
The Bangladesh Federation needs to agree with Leicester City to allow Hamza to take part in the FIFA World Cup qualifiers in October.
At 34/4, TDCA were in real trouble but Prasad and Agatchu Chetai K Marak (14), the only other batter to reach double figures, put on 54 runs for the fifth wicket.
Before the election, we also remember the sound of the NPP's intention to make Prestone Tyngsong Chief Minister if he comes to power.
In this regard, he urged the Dorbar Shnongs and Municipal officers to work together to see which areas need to install these solar street lights so that criminals will not be able to commit crimes.
The forum also requests the central and state governments to end those violators and to come up with other measures to end this issue which seriously affects the problems of those who have violated the law. the inhabitant of the village.
The result of the match on Monday will decide who will come second to qualify for the semifinals.
He said the Central Government will assist the state in terms of road works.
It is therefore announced that the market day will be held on 28/02/2023 instead of 27/02/2
Besides planting trees in the grounds of the school, they also planted pyllon seeds or seed balls donated by the government to the areas where there are no siej trees within the boundary of the village in collaboration with the Village Council.
Yahshua/Jesus Lord, I have decided to accept you as my personal Saviour.
In the incident, a group of journalists, who were sitting in a vehicle, were arrested at the scene. vehicle license plates, license and others.
Police recovered 2.70 lakh Bangla rupees, two Bangladeshi SIM cards, four Indian SIM cards, one from Kashmir and a mobile phone.
“During the night, a party was seen moving in parts of the sea waters for a distance of 340 kilometers near the coast of Okha.
LP School) in a statement through Bah D.Rani, General Secretary, expressed its gratitude and special congratulations to the MDA Government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma for appointing the Primary School. On the 26th of this month, the Government School Teachers who teach in Govt LP Schools have been confirmed.
It is surprising to see that nobody has done anything against those people who are accustomed to committing crimes through these social media platforms, but it has been seen that many members of the society are angry. but to those who do such things, they are unclean.
He said that in JHADC and GHADC, the opposition MDCs receive less schemes but it all depends on the EC. said Bah Pynshngain and added that a copy of the work order has been sent to the MDCs from the constituency.
He said that the Governor was at Raj Bhavan all day, but he did not take even two minutes to meet them.
The awards were presented by Dr (Mrs) V.Kharmawphlang, Principal, Shillong College and KD Roy, Vice Principal, Shillong College.
The children of Mei-Sin, men and women – young, old and those who have seen the sun and moon, are requested to take their time to attend the Fourth Dorbar Pyllun, said a statement from Bah Edward Kurbah, General. Secretary of the Party.
This is the second large number of such children being rescued by the BBA team in the city within 10 days.
After the visit, the Minister also held a review meeting with the district government officials from the education department and also talked to the primary school teachers at the conference hall at the office of the Deputy Commissioner in Khliehriat.
Punjab lost three wickets in the 18th and 19th overs but managed to reach the target in 26.3 overs.
“She always had a smiling face and made everyone who was with her happy and was so enthusiastic about her work; it will not kill itself.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Legal Affairs, Bah Rowell Lyngdoh, on Saturday said that although Meghalaya has proceeded to implement its own laws, it will examine the laws of the state government. complies with federal law.
They are called the five foolish virgins.
The death toll was highest in Maharashtra with 123, followed by Odisha with
Shillong, March 22: The Minister of Rural Development, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state government has a plan to build a cinema hall to help Khasi films to grow in this industry.
On the other hand, the Vice President of the HNLC, Bah Manbhalang Jyrwa, said that the HNLC will collect all the names of the members who have cases against them.
The winners are requested to collect their prizes within 30 days from the date of announcement.
This is the Shillong Municipal Act in the Metor area, the Polo area up to 4 feet.
In the 2011 World Cup, India faced Pakistan in the semi-finals and the team led by MS Dhoni won by 29 runs.
Dr. Phervision Nongtdu, Principal, Jaintia Eastern College, congratulated and wished the awarded students and said that they should continue to work hard in their studies.
Furthermore, the village leaders said that as the village they have not received any information or authorization and said that this is part of the violation of their rights.
The Government of India has recognized the environment as a major contributor to the future economic development of the country.
The teachers of the Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) West Jaintia Hills District have also given their full support to the teachers' meeting in Garo Hills. Shullai President MUPSTA- West Jaintia Hills District Unit.
They said that in fact they were willing to provide the land free of charge by the government for the benefit of the people and especially the youth who are trained in various fields through the establishment of the Polytechnic, but It is unfortunate that the government has not been able to complete the project and the contractor has left alone that the allocation of the land is meaningless.
You don't have to worry anymore.
During the meeting, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem also pointed out the shortage of land owners in Khanapara who currently have only 23 households in Khanapara, but the rest are non-nationals.
The Jowai Municipal Board has also approved to change the time of garbage collection and the Union of Waheh Shnongs, Jowai has approved to designate two or three places for garbage collection. They are the city of Jowai.
It was also seen that in the middle of the lymbub, the SP City, Bah Vivek Syiem, shook hands with Bah Ardent from behind not to allow him to play chess. “Let's see if you dare to shake hands with the leader of the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Then there was a battle, who would run first or who would release first.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lyngdoh confirmed that he hopes to get the ticket from the party this time.
The opposition MLAs have fulfilled their duty by advocating for the rights of the people and bringing them before the government.
“We are waiting for their decision to discuss what they have scheduled to inform us on the 4th July, 2018,” said Bah W Umsong.
He said that there are more than 300 traders within the FTCCM, but so far the district authorities have allowed only 12-15 traders to trade with Bangladesh and this has created difficulties for the traders of the state to provide The demand for buyers from Bangladesh.
After eight days of strike by the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the State Government today decided to hold a meeting with all the political parties. to discuss the Reservation Policy in the State.
On the other hand, the Basketball Association of West Khasi Hills District has also awarded a special honor to Alfred Marbaniang who is the first National Referee (B Panel) from West Khasi Hills District.
However, for Social Science II (Geography and Economics), he/she has introduced a system of asking questions that is completely different from the existing system.
According to a government announcement issued on 16th June 2024, Lamriche Kharmon MCS has been appointed as the Block Development Officer of Lumshnong Block.
“We have changed the rules and it is necessary for those who buy to pay in advance, they will have to pay tax when they buy liquor from companies,” he said.
This is the first selection for the 6th Asian Indoor Martial Arts & Games Bangkok Chonburi, which will be held from 10 to 20 October 2022 and then the World Kickboxing Championship in April in Italy.
The Meghalaya government has recently collected revenue of Rs 6 crore from liquor shops which have been opened since 4th July
“It's enough, I see that both of them are enough, whether it's in the form of a tree or in the language of the thylliej.
The Men's Team consisted of Kiefer W Shullait, Ritu Raj Nag, Naresh Asher, Basankupar Kharbuki, Faizan Ahmed, Ratul Rabha, Pynehboklang Rynjah, Rishan Rueben M Syiem, Porsuram Joshi, Ailadlang Rynjah, Subadonbor Pyngrope. Crocodile Marwein.
The plane has been missing since October 8 on an overnight flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
One of the most dangerous ways of making money is the commodification of human souls.
Some ‘bills’ are left in tea shops and never properly delivered to the consumers.
The dorbar dong also announced that if the 9 parties do not lift the night curfew as requested by the dorbar dong, they will not support the 9 parties during the curfew. further support is needed.
Jowai Lber 06: Mukroh village is one of the largest and most backward villages in the Border Block-I of Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya and Karbi Anglong District. Lamin is one of the residents of Mukroh who is currently the Acting Vice Chancellor of NEHU. from Block-I, he took the responsibility to start a school called Shlem to improve education and he started a school called “Ka Christ School” at Mukroh and The school was inaugurated today (06/03/2023) amidst the joy and happiness of the residents of Mukroh and surrounding villages.
Steven said that Tom Cruise has revived Hollywood and hopes that in the coming years the industry will grow again as it did in the past. that feature films will be made and produced.
She said that if the court issues an order ban ban coal mining, it will affect the rights of the indigenous people in the state as it is an indigenous area where the land and land are owned by the indigenous people. The shyiap is privately owned and the land owners have the right to appeal and only the state government can issue this order, she added.
Therefore, state governments have suspended or blocked the Internet during riots to prevent residents from spreading images or cartoons or writings that could cause fire.
The Chief Minister assured that the government will punish the CMJ University and also serve as a warning to other universities operating in the state to refrain from doing thumur.
Can Conrad Sangma answer why despite the allocation of funds, the construction in the state is so low?
Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, BS Sohliya, was present at the meeting and informed that the CEO of Meghalaya has taken the lead in implementing the SVEEP program of the Election Commission of India.
So the department after getting permission, we have to work only in the evening.
According to the complaint, two persons have been accused of involvement in the incident. They are Damut Bang and Palmon Sari of Lad Mukhla village.
When asked whether these are the reasons why the HSPDP has supported the PDF, the HSPDP leader said that this is the only reason why the MDCs of KHADC have supported the PDF. Tura, July 9: 16 doctors, who were appointed under the AYUSH scheme, have been dismissed because they did not have proper qualifications. I'm not sure if I'm going to be a doctor.
Water in food reduces the amount of energy (the amount of calories in weight) and increases the amount of food, which means that we feel hungry with these same calories.
When asked, the KSU leader said that the DC does not have an estimate of how many people are illegally staying in Maxwelton Estate and this will put the residents of KOR and Shillong at risk.
Conrad won with 8,421 votes while Bah Pius won with 2,896 votes.
He said that the allocation of land by the Sohra Hima to foreigners in Majai is not the only one but it is done from time to time.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: Police and relatives of an 11-year-old girl who went missing from Lad-Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills are in confusion. faithful to her.
Kimtera scored three fours in this innings and scored 90 off 68 balls.
Bible scholars say that although the letter to the Philippians was addressed to all believers in that city, its message was also directed especially to those in authority and position.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that by next Friday, the state will complete the reception of all those living in the North East to return to the state.
In the Under-14 Boys, Umpohliew Jingtip beat United Christian 5-4 by a tie-breaker after a draw. to score goals.
Earlier, it was reported that there was a complaint among the Congress MDCs against Bah PN Syiem as CEM, but after the meeting, Dr. Lapng, the Congress leader in the state, said: He said that there has been no complaint against Bah Pynshngain but it is only the information received.
The announcement of an emergency holiday by the government authorities has caused surprise and confusion not only to the school/college authorities but especially to the students and their parents.
At the same time, Rs 1 lakh was also distributed to Bomman and Bella who are the mahouts who raised and cared for the cubs after the death of their mother.
“To to tiewlang” agreed the mother.
Ribhalang Sangot, 38, of Mawlai, died at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Two young men, Steve Jyrwa (16) and Ashmit Gurung (18) have been arrested through the EDI Dance Academy at Dongkadiang, Nongmensong. years old) are currently appearing at the Indian Hip-Hop Competition in Mumbai which was broadcast on Amazon MiniTv.
However, it is not only that, the owners of these houses, these days, they drive out the tenants, like they drive out ksew and do not allow them to enter their houses, which they have already paid the rent and not only that. There are many residents who have returned to their villages and their houses are closed, but they have to pay the rent exactly and this is in the name of corona.
4-Mowkaiaw United scored 74 runs in 10.4 overs for the loss of two wickets.
Shillong: Residents of Shillong have phoned to report that there is a ksai which has spread around the village.
Shillong, July 10: The introduction of issues in the election campaigns by the political parties has not always been successful, especially in terms of the empowerment of women.
The memoirs and writings we read about Kiang Nangbah and the struggle were collected and written by the French and historians who praised the rule of the British kings.
“This single tribunal was announced in 2020 and after getting the tribunal or judge, all the cases have been transferred to it and even in the midst of Covid 19, 7 cases have been resolved. “The Act has been amended to provide for a 1st class Independent Magistrate to expedite the work and now we are waiting for the completion of the new amendment,” said the EM. There are many pending cases, but the 2nd Amendment to the Elaka Act besides the Magistrate, there is also a committee chaired by the EM, CEM and the higher authorities.
We the teachers who have just passed the MTET, we would like to thank the government for taking the initiative to expedite the advertisement of the posts of Assistant Teachers in Govt LP/UP Schools across the state. He expressed his surprise at the government's failure to issue advertisements for the posts of Asst Teachers in Upper Primary Govt Schools.
He passed the examination after completing his BA Economics (Honours) from St. Edmund's College, Shillong in
Pastor D.Tang said that when he looks at them standing on the ground, he sees them as soldiers to bring peace and happiness when you are in any work you do from now on.
The 26 students, who are students of Himalayan Pharmacy Institute and two of Sikkim, arrived at the Inter State Bus Terminal, Mawiongrim, Shillong on Saturday at about 6 pm. :45 pm after a 24-hour journey since they left Sikkim at 5 pm on Thursday.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Shillong, Naitung 19: The past 24 hours have been the heaviest rainfall in Shillong, with 83.8 millimetres of rainfall, according to the Meteorological Department. , by India Meteorological Department.
The certificate was issued on 28th June by the Asst.General Manager of NABARD, Bah.
This goal lasted until the end of the first half as Ryntih could not score.
Through this secret, they will gradually succeed in exterminating the Christians as they have started to do to the Muslims in Assam today.
If the Dkhars are banned from selling land, the reason is that the Khasi women claim to be the owners of shops, then I would like to suggest that if the women claim to be the owners, they should sit in those shops. The owners should not be allowed to employ Dkhars to sell land.
The collapse of the EC of the UDA within the KHADC has led to a beautiful battle where they have shown their own ideas or grounds to force their own grounds like the blind Hindustan of old.
The market has been covered with niut, ner, phlang and kynbat because it has remained so even after it was opened for a long time.
Shortly after the opening of the Children Recreation Park at Mawkdok, Bah Rowell visited the Children's Recreation Park at Wah Shari. After the opening ceremony, a meeting was held at the Hall of St. John Bosco, Maraikaphon, Sohra.
All those who came to see the performance were praised.
Speaking on the Trauma Center at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh, if it can be implemented, it will be of great benefit to the people of Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole.
Process T Sawkmie, Dy.CEM of KHADC, who is also a member of the Executive Committee, said that at the Executive Committee meeting, he strongly opposed the NOC. “It's a very important issue but many churches don't understand,” he said.
This also means that since 2013 they have been auditing from year to year,” he said, adding that there are also accounts that have not been submitted.
On the same day, all the Kmai Raij left Mynkoi Pyrdi to drop the Bhuri bomb, the tangmuri at Biar ka Blai and from there they left for Iawmusiang to take the Deiñkhlam from the forest.
Alcohol is a destroyer of people and a destroyer of the family especially the family.
On Tuesday, 7th June, the elders of the Wanñiang Kur, after taking part in the rally organized by the villages of Tiehsaw and Mawrusyiar, went to meet with the robber. Bikram D. Marak, Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, has requested the IPS to take action and punish Biangkupar Nongsiej according to the law.
He said that the decision of the House to demand the establishment of the Boundary Commission by the Central Government last year has not been successful due to the opposition of the Assam Government.
Therefore, because they were not skilled, and because they were stupid, they were expelled from school.
Regarding the traffic, on the 4th only vehicles with Rongstem Pass will be allowed to pass and on the following day vehicles with Sawjngum pass will be allowed to pass. change from day to day, until further notice.
They said that there are about 40 buses and these buses operate at two places, Smit and Mawdiangdiang.
According to the news, the first shock of the coal owners was when they were arrested by a shopkeeper while they were trying to pay for the coal. counterfeit money news , this news also spread to department stores where many of them received such money.
Shillong, November 1: The 75th Anniversary of St Marys' College, Shillong was closing ceremony on Saturday by the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul.
I would like to thank you for your permission to make this video which is a success as well.
It is worth mentioning that u Bah SK Sun today announced at a meeting in Mawphlang that he will contest the MLA election 2018 from Mawphlang after the people from all over the country urged him to contest only after 10 days. Although he has not yet decided which party to contest from, many people have wanted him to contest as an independent candidate.
Therefore, the union has worked with the OC of the ECB to ensure that the tournament will be attractive to the spectators with the expectation of full seats at the stadium. stadium for the first four days because the step taken is on the right track.
He also said that the Meghalaya government should not be blind to the border issues in the second phase, but before taking a decision, it should consider carefully. This is a benefit to the people on the border, where it can be said that many of the residents on the border especially in Ri Bhoi want to be in Meghalaya and do as they have done in Meghalaya. even the first without proper investigation or even sufficient evidence through documents or ownership of the land.
The lack of habit of driving long distances has caused them to fall asleep and rest their bodies.
After the House passed the VAB 2015, the KHADC sent the bill to the CA department under the supervision of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who was also an MDC at that time. The DCA has soon approved and sent the Bill to the Governor for approval to enact it, but till now the VAB 2015 has not been enacted. The Home Ministry of the Central Government.
Many of the shops were closed and the public places were closed, as many of the people had flocked to the polls. Station for voting.
On this occasion, NEHU has expressed its pride that Dr. Sahai has received this award – during his visit to the University of Pecs, Hungary. to improve his knowledge in the field of biomedical engineering.
The three councils will oppose and we will take a decision, through the dorbar in their respective councils, regarding this issue,” said Titostarwell Chyne.
From this hill flow up to three springs out of the nine springs of Lum Shyllong.
Broad has also scored 5/51 and 1/62 in both innings against Ireland, moving up two places to 10th position along with 744 rating points in the Ashes preparation; James Anderson came second with 850 points and Ollie Robinson came seventh with 777 points.
Maw U-tieng, who played their second game in the tournament, looked forward to winning the second leg, but although they played well, they didn't succeed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 02: The War Jaintia Youth Council (WJYC) Amlarem has congratulated the EE MeECL Jowai for demanding the repair and replacement of the electricity lines in Bakur village.
Regarding the photograph and the dress of the couple, Tufail Ahmad, a former BBC journalist, commented, “The saree has almost disappeared from India.
The death toll in India has risen to 480 with 28 deaths on Saturday and 500 new cases. The total number of cases in the country has risen to 14,378, according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In fact, the government has tried to introduce various programs to open up opportunities for young people who want to sit for the UPSC examination, but the most important thing is to improve the quality of education from schools, colleges. in the state.
However, it was in the 109th minute that Sailung Ïalong SC's Dauruhi Pale scored the first goal of the tournament.
In whose world else would we be looking for a peaceful, happy and hopeful life? What better place can we look for than this world that God has brought down by Himself? God has come, is coming and will continue to come to improve and rebuild the world from one generation to another.
Saudi Arabia and the United States have been fighting to supply medical supplies to Sudan since June when the fighting between the two groups began.
Now that it is publicly known that it is the virus-bym-don-dawai that has infected the MCCL, we have to ask and know whether it has appeared by chance or whether someone has created it.
“Listen, you have come to the room.
I want to say one subject and not this.
The LYWA leaders said that today they have sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to demand four issues and these four issues are that the government should to punish UCIL for calling tenders through public advertisements to carry out its various works in South West Khasi Hills.
And when he had thus spoken, he went before, ascending up to Jerusalem, unto Bethany, at the mount of Olives, and calling unto him two of his disciples, and straightway ye shall find a colt tied, whereon yet never man sat: loose him, and bring him hither: and if any man ask you, Why do ye this? Jesus saith unto them, The Lord hath need of him. And they went, and found as he had said unto them.
The new cases include 149 from East Khasi Hills, 133 from West Garo Hills, 20 from Ri Bhoi, 13 from South West Garo Hills, 10 from South West Khasi Hills, 8 from North Garo Hills and 10 from East Garo Hills. 6, South Garo Hills 5, Eastern West Khasi Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 3 and West Khasi Hills
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: U Minister of Road Construction, Meghalaya, Martin M Danggo today convened a meeting of government officials from the PWD department at Resubelpara in North Garo Hills. Find the condition of the roads in this District.
In addition, the current owners of the club, the Glazer's Family, have agreed to increase the value of the club to 6 billion pounds ($7.6 billion) and the Raine Group. has been purchased for the purpose of overseeing and managing the activities in relation to this section.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has congratulated the Speaker of the National Assembly. The Legislature of Meghalaya and the MDA-2 Government because they have finally understood that Meghalaya is not a Hindi speaking state.
“If a country has a stable government, that country can take tough decisions and those decisions change the course of the country," he said.
He said that under Apiculture Mission 2.0, the State Government has promoted the production and processing of fish.
Unemployment, lack of opportunities in their lives.
Meanwhile, Congress Leader and Opposition Chief Whip, Saleng Sangma, said that the Congress has been in power or in the coalition governments in Meghalaya but in the last five years it has been in power. in the Opposition, which the party has never experienced in previous years, but the party has gained experience and will return stronger as it continues to enjoy strong support from the workers of the organization and from the communities.
Vehicles are also prohibited from playing musical instruments by parking in any area under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Pammanik.
The UDP has Jemino Mawthoh, Titus Chyne, PT Sawkmie and Paul Lyngdoh in the Cabinet. too.
Sniewbok, after 10 hours, the money was taken back from his account.
The attack took place in parts of a market in the city and was also the cause of a power struggle between armed groups that want to rule the country.
Dr JV Basaiawmoit is a pioneer in the Ophthalmology Society and Medical Director of the Bansara Eye Care Centre. blindness of the eyes.
In this competition, the students took part actively to become the winners in various fields.
He said that while there is hope for those who criticize the NPP, it is only because they want to criticize.
On the other hand, Bah Ferdinand urged the PWD department to repair this road so that vehicles can pass through this road especially when there will be a Procession of the Catholic Church of Nongstoin Diocese in Mawthong Parish. on November 11, 2016.
He said that as soon as he won as MLA of the constituency, he worked hard and sent proposals to the government.
About 3,000 spectators attended the match, and TRAU entered the second round.
Williamnagar, Jymmang 14: Assam Police on Tuesday arrested the District Transport Officer (DTO) of East Garo Hills, Genekelly G Momin for allegedly issuing forged documents. to the car.
He said that the people of his constituency know that he never hesitates to serve my people with integrity and dedication, which has been evident from the development works that have taken place in the constituency.
According to information received from the media, most of these demon worshipers are from the outskirts of the city but they don't show their differences from the villagers, and they go straight to the city. Shillong every day like other busy people.
The author expresses his feelings of appreciation and warns that there should be no jealousy – or blasphemy against God, without the mind to change one's character.
The Sunfeast Cup 2023 was inaugurated by Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the chief guest in the presence of Dr. David Lyngdoh. President Mawleiñ Youth Sports Club, Bah T Makri Rangbah Shnong Mawleiñ and others.
Shillong: Justice Mahesh Mittal Kumar, Member of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC), has urged the public to inform the Commission in writing if there is any violation of human rights.
This was done to prevent the exploitation of the villagers who wanted to promote the unity of the village.
He said that according to the investigation report by the Senior Electrical Inspector, Bah Muktieh was found to be in the middle of the substation by the police on duty inside the main dam. ITD Cementation India Ltd. has immediately informed the relevant authorities.
Regarding the road, we have gone to complain before the NEC Engineer, Khliehriat and also before the MLA of the area, but we are surprised that our MLA has told us that 'There is no scheme. “The Rangbah Shnong of Pamrakmai, Lucas Shylla, said in a statement sent to the media.
“In 2014, they convened a public meeting with the EM incharge at Nongwah Mawtamur and confirmed this in the Hima Sohiong. It has convened a meeting in 2015 with the chiefs of these two Himas to sign to confirm the handover of this village to the Hima Jirang.
How can people be happy when 30% or 30 percent of the population are poor and needy?
Speech was also delivered by Bah Kynpham V Kharlyngdoh, Muktiar of the Supreme Court and the first President of Delhi who encouraged the youth who came to study and work in New Delhi and urged them to be united and Remember your identity as a nation.
This is done by drying the leaves in a well-ventilated room for about 18 to 20 hours at a temperature of about 85 to 90 degrees (Farenheit).
That is by connecting us with the author, the time and era of the story we are reading and we walk along with it.
A rudimentary red map, indicating the presence of ISIS and a white one, indicating their absence.
“I thank the Supreme Court for accepting many of my requests, especially in relation to the ownership of land and mineral resources and that the mining of coal should be done by the owners. and those who are the owners of the land,” said Ma Lber Laloo.
Meghalaya won the toss and elected to bat first, but their players lost for 49 runs with Luiza Tamang scoring 18 runs and Daiaka Warjri scoring 18 runs. They scored 13 runs, which are the only two players who have scored 13 runs or more.
The union also urged the Minister to take immediate action to ensure that within the next 2-3 months, these three books which are the books required according to the NECRT for the students of MBOSE, will be available. to be delivered immediately to the students.
In the evening, members of KSU Laban met with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Kong RM Kurbah who promised to write to the Municipal that no more cows should be allowed to be raised by the people living in the area. Maxwelton Estate and no garbage should be dumped into the rivers.
The most commonly found in Assam is the Gossypium arboreum variety.
Also present at the ceremony was the Governor of Assam Gulab Chand Kataria who is also the Visitor of Assam Don Bosco University. you are not involved in this program.
Luke 2:21.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle, on Tuesday, strongly criticized the state government for its silence against the violence of Assam in some of the villages in Raid Nongtung. villages located in the border areas between Meghalaya and Assam.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District today met with Prof JK Chauhan, Dean, College of Agricultural Science (CAU) ICAR Uniam; They said that they had received a complaint about the arrest of five Khasi youths who worked as security guards in the area.
We have not yet succeeded in the struggle to reduce or eliminate child mortality under the age of five and we have not been able to eliminate childhood malnutrition.
It can be said that the rule of the NPP-led MDA Government with Conrad Kongkal Sangma as Prime Minister has been very weak and has faced mass protests from the beginning.
“At present, if an MLA hopes to win by money, it will not work because the people of Tura will elect a leader and not a politician,” he said.
Lamphrang said some of the demands of the state and the people have been taken by the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as Chief Minister in The decision in the House to demand from the Central Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
These days are very interesting to think about nowadays because there are no such days except in the rural areas.
“When I was shot, the people at the scene immediately took me to the Civil Hospital, Jowai and from Jowai I was taken back to NEIGRIMS, Shillong. The next day, the former MLA of Sohra, who is the CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos Chyne, came to see me and gave me a “I have been able to buy medicines and injections and after this the government has given me T20500 and later it has helped me a little more, so I can buy medicines and injections,” she said. They didn't remove the bullet from her body and the bullet is still there. The reason is because the bullet is in a dangerous place and if it is removed, it can bleed until it is impossible. The doctors from NEIGRIMS have already ordered Rashiba to check up and leave. However, due to poverty, the woman has not been able to go to the hospital yet and said that she has to suffer when the illness comes and live in misery.
He said that the area where the video was recorded by the victims and broadcast on Chanel TV Time-8, is a deserted area and many of the vehicles fall into the road. more common is those drivers who have not yet arrived and those who drive fast.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Sadon Blah, Leader of the HNYF, said that members of the HNYF, went to inquire about an employee, who was injured in the past few months, in a shooting incident. and to talk to the police about the investigation into the incident.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 5 cases including 3 high risk cases, one health worker and one ILI case.
The law is or is the judgment that is equal to everyone.
“The curfew will be in force throughout the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and this curfew is against the two-day visit of the President to Hynniewtrep,” said a statement from HNLC Publicity Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw. .
On this occasion, Khuba met with all the senior officers of the district from various government departments at a meeting held at the conference hall of the DC's office to discuss the schemes of the central government.
Shillong: The husbands of three village leaders of Amlanai village in Amlarem Civil Dub Division, West Jaintia Hills want to send an inquiry to the CBI or SIT regarding the murder of their husbands in Amlarem Civil Dub Division, West Jaintia Hills. May 29, 2018.
Following the visit of the new Sordar of Raid Mawshun to the DC, Shillong, the district authorities led by Bah T Marwein, Assistant Commissioner, DC Shillong, today held a meeting with the DC. U Bah L Kharmon, BDO Pynursla together with the engineers of NHIDCL, have visited the forests of Mawshun village, to investigate whether these streams or wells really exist. and during the journey, which took less than 3 hours on foot, was witnessed by the residents, who found nine streams and wells, which were said to be clean. and he watered the city, and those who did not drink water, all the year round.
Police sources said that Kharkrang had already paid an advance of 3 lakh tyngka to the suspect and after that, u Bah Kharkrang had already taken the plain. 700 metric tonnes of coal worth T.21 lakh 70 thousand tyngka and the remaining amount of T.18 lakh 70 thousand tyngka. months but until now the person has not been able to pay.
To conclude this message, I would like to appeal to the Sengbhalang that when you read any article, read it many times, based on and understand the broad ideas of the journalist.
He said that the Longkmie did not own the land and she did this with the intention of cutting the road.
And because those who speak against write in Khasi, Facebook administrators cannot understand the language and if no one translates into English and sends a complaint to Facebook those words remain in cyber space lane. There are more and more people who don't applaud those who write criticism but few support those who are criticized without cause.
Due to the success of the first race last year and according to the information from those who registered online it is expected that this time the participation of runners from all over the country will increase to this second international race.
Don't be afraid.
An inseparable society and people live together and enjoy peace, happiness and freedom.
If you turn to Motphran or Khyndailad, people who come from other states or countries find it difficult to get a picture because of the large number of passengers.
Mission Compound-Iongpiah Road.
Therefore God had to send the plagues on Egypt, until that plague came to cover the countries of the world. Control this in your hands.
Hamas militants claimed to have fired at Israel in retaliation for the destruction of a 13-story building in Gaza last night.
Shillong, Nailar 14: Meghalaya will celebrate its 70th Independence Day tomorrow, 15th Nailar.
Jowai, Nailur 05 : The Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium. Southeast, Jowai.
The value of man is not only in hundreds of thousands or tens of thousands and so on.
No.Name of North – Latitude and East – LongtudeThese new water sources flow and flow through the water as follows:-.
The bank has improved its services by upgrading CBS to the bank's web base on the Cloud Platform and has also integrated with the PFMS of the Ministry of Finance which has helped depositors to do DBT. The bank has tried to keep up with the latest technology like other banks and is willing to use UPI, IMPS, Mobile Banking and Internet Banking.
Others who attended the function included Manoj Solanki, Farmers' Representative, ICAR Governing Body, Prof. PP Shastry, Retired Dean, College of Agriculture, Khandwa, Madhya Pradesh and Dr. VK Mishra. , Director, ICAR RC, NEH Region, Umiam, Meghalaya who took part as the guests of honour.
We should have got the 'lap bah' lap san, but now he is running away.
“This allocation is committed to strengthen the foundation stone of Viksit Bharat by
But as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to them that believe on his name" John 1:1
The complaint is also against HDIL, together with its managers, Sarang Wadhwan and Rakesh Wadhwan, who received loans from the bank.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Streamly S Niangti, Cherity Suja who witnessed the inauguration ceremony. as follows: President -Shri Merald Suting Vice President –Shri Welking Swer General Secretary –Shri Deihok Sumer Asst, General Secretary –Shri Johnlang Bamon Organizing Secretary –Shri Philip Rymbai Assistant, Organizing Secretary-Shri Andiwor Pala Information Wasistant Secretary, Shri Ampliri Information Secretary-Shri Op Nongtdu Sport Secretary-Shri Mathew Pajat Assistant Sport Secretary-Shri Hamkhia Siangshai Education Secretary-Shri Agrami Suchen Assistant, Education Secretary-Shri A Prosperity Rymbai Disciplinary Secretary-Shri As Baitculary Secretary- Disyrmang, Secretary Chyrmang Shri Pynlumlang Ksoo Assistant, Agriculture Secretary-Shri Omega Sumer Chief Adviser-Shri Alprins Dkhar Legal Adviser-Advocate Cyprian Dkhar.
About 28 people were injured in the lathi charge by the Assam police at Umwali, Langpih recently after a clash over the work of providing electricity to the poor households under the central government scheme in this bag.
This has delayed the conduct of the State Board Examination and in this regard, the students have faced difficulties in passing the CUET for admission to the Under Graduate universities in the state.
Child marriage especially at such times causes problems such as affecting the health of the woman who has to give birth, and affecting the mind because the children are not yet able to think like them. They are old and their bodies are not fit to carry many burdens.
Shillong, Nailar, 09: The State Youth Wing of the KHNAM has expressed its strong opposition to the strange rules of the State Government against the shops selling pork and beef, which are located along the border. shops in upper Shillong.
After the House of Sad had collapsed, Basan Swer and Basan Synrem proposed to become the Syiems of the Shillong Hima at a Dorbar held at Sadew (East Khasi Hills).
Many events have come , then gone and we have forgotten them and although those events have been like a seed or like a branch to spread for the welfare of the nation , they have spread and disappear like a fire as soon as the fire goes out, that many may see and remember only the back.
However, other risk factors such as obesity, high blood pressure and high cholesterol can be controlled by changing diet and lifestyle.
The ground remains the same.
The worst thing is that even the police chiefs have to come out to drive as seen at Barik Point, Rilbong Point, Dhankheti from time to time, which is the center of traffic jam. in the city.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla was the chief guest and Jowai Elaka Dolloi Puramon Kynjing was the chief guest.
They robbed him of all his money as well as his mobile phone number 8837478993, his jacket and other items in his bag.
They also discussed the need for a strong Volleyball Association in the State as it appears that there are many participants in this volleyball tournament.
They brought food, drink, bread, and everything else they needed.
The Seinraij Ialong has urged the people and any foreigners not to come to Behdeiñkhlam as they have to follow the government's directives to prevent and fight against COVID-1
So what they have spent they have to collect back.
“In fact, if they are arrested, they should be handed over to the court to decide whether they are guilty or not and if they are guilty, it is up to the court on what basis to prosecute them,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Similarly, young people who do not have a strong background or training from childhood will not be able to stand firm against the temptations that lead to destruction.
At the same time, he said that as religious leaders, all members of SAFF stand for peace and justice.
The distribution will last for 10 months and will be distributed to the households registered by the village through the Rangbah Dong of 7 Dong.
The search operation in the area continues, said Additional Director General of Police (ADGP) Kashmir Vijay Kumar.
According to the Bible calendar, there are 30 days in a month.
“Therefore, we feel the need to appoint skilled people who can liaise with the Ministries in Delhi so that various schemes can be implemented quickly, which have been stalled due to the inability to meet the requirements in Delhi. it's the right time," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: As usual, the candidates for the upcoming elections will have to register their nomination papers at the office of the Deputy Commissioner or at their sub-divisions tomorrow, the 5th of June. The registration of candidates for the MDC-2014 election will start at 11 am onwards.
The patients expressed their gratitude that they have benefited from the Ayushman Scheme which has been a blessing to those families who cannot afford to pay for hospitalization.
Look into the eyes of your children, brothers and sisters and young children and tell them that I have fought for them and if you have fulfilled your duty you will never be disappointed.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shibun said, “There are many candidates who have applied for tickets from the party for the mid-term MDC elections but it has not been announced yet. a few days".
The time of Israel's punishment and the time of God's reconciliation with the Gentiles is the longest time and is nearing its end.
There is also a map showing the roads that the Shibidi ancestors traveled around the country.
Khyriem was also the first candidate from Mawphlang constituency to file his nomination papers today.
About 30 members of the SHG took part in the training including seven employees of the KJP Assembly who are in charge of various departments of the church.
During the distribution of syrnod, the chairman gave a strong advice and also congratulated them to do their job well and to grow in their job so that through them they can employ other young people. country.
The company from time to time holds many events and competitions to attract employees and encourage them to bring friendship and at the same time to hold the [ 24]7.
The Serbian, who has also won the tournament twice, has been encouraged through his first two sets before facing the opponent. who has not played well even in the tie-breaker as well.
“At the first light of 'Amrit Kaal', this is 'Amrit Varsha' of victory," said a happy Modi.
The Government is already aware that since the National Green Tribunal has banned the mining and transportation of coal in the state, it has affected the people of East Jaintia Hills District. FKJGP-EJH President M Suting and KSU-KC General Secretary Cherity Suja said in a statement.
The city of Jowai has joined hands with the rest of the country to celebrate the 73rd Republic Day at Jerusalem Square, Chutwakhu, Jowai.
“Long, I don't want to talk anymore...” said my mother. “Yes... Only Rida can talk...” said KpaJnang.
Vehicles traveling on these days should keep a distance from people inside the vehicle.
Why do you affect us, because the whole Khasi food supply is in Khyndailad and Ïewduh,” said Bah Wandonbok.
“We need to surprise the people before it is too late, we must live to stand on the foundation of our customs and traditions which history has witnessed that Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem stood to fight for the independence. of the Khasi rule in these holy hills of ours, by deciding to die in prison in Dhaka rather than become a slave king,” said the statement.
Police have arrested the suspect, who is 28 years old.
According to the survey, Kerala Police said there were about 795 cases of visa fraud.
When asked whether these patients have received any medicine, Sabnam said, “I don't know whether any of them have been treated, but I doubt that if any of them have received treatment, treatment, how the disease, will continue for more than two years"
“I don't want to name but there are MLAs who think that through politics they can use it as a tool to increase their income by stealing and looting the state and the rights of the people,” said Dr Mukul. .
The same fungus can also cause disease only on the leaves.
“I urge this lawyer not to be too clever, because one day the law will work for him too,” said the North Shillong MLA.
As a nation that knows man and knows God, the State that we know as a Christian State, it is time for us to restore the lost glory of our ancestors and we must not destroy it.
As a nation, we are grateful to Sir Thomas Jones who pioneered the writing of the Khasi language.
The northern part of the Jaintiapur Hima is called the Jaintia Hills.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 9 new cases and 244 active cases in the State.
In this time of crisis and trial for families who are struggling to meet basic needs, we are witnessing the emergence of individuals, NGOs, religious groups, community leaders, government agencies, community leaders and others who have contributed to provide them with resources.
Shillong, June 27: As part of the preparations for the public awareness meeting on the Khasi language, on 5th June 2017, today, the leaders of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS) met with the leaders of The KAS leaders requested the support of the journalists to work together to make the meeting a success and to give their opinions. to promote and appreciate the writing in the Khasi language.
There are 43 battalions of CRPF personnel to patrol the state during the elections, which will be held on the 19th of this month.
In the first half, both teams failed to score but after the first half, Manipur, which had a better chance in the next minute, scored the first goal through Thiyam Chingkeinganba.
However, through the request of many, they decided to hold back these medals.
We have lost the songs of “Good Friday”, the messages of “Easter Sunday”, of course we will sing in our homes, we have lost the spiritual messages to grow us more and more spiritually, When I think of all this, it is a real spiritual loss.
They could join together to form a government in KHADC. As it is, it could lead to a coalition government between the UDP, NPP, PDF and HSPDP. However, the HSPDP is no longer as strong as before.
It opens the way for India to participate in the US-led Artemis program to the moon and other space destinations.
Hundreds of hectares of fields and farmland have been destroyed.
Similarly, strict measures have been taken regarding parking on roads at night time by owners who do not have adequate enclosures in their residential areas so that there is no interference with the relevant right bad road.
West has also made it clear that he will not release any more songs in the coming days until he is able to compose and release these songs himself.
They also seized the pick-up truck used to transport the money from Bah Rishan on the night of the robbery from Stand Jeep, Shillong.
Dohling said the state government has allocated about T.120 crore for the improvement and upgradation of about 40 block offices in the state.
The CM said there is a slight difference of opinion between the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC), the Assam government and us regarding the location of the toll gate.
On the other hand, the Phawa Kur and the Saba Village Leaders have decided that Nijanduh Phawa should leave the village voluntarily to avoid any blood injuries. her religion and customs related to Taro will be allowed to come to the village.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (STWA) will hold a march from Khyndailad from the State Bank of India office on the 2nd of November. at the same place, where the rally will start at 11 pm.
One of the passengers of the taxi 1862 was seriously injured and was taken to Super Care Hospital, while another local taxi driver, Erik Kharkongor, was seriously injured and was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong. .
Lambor, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, won the MLA election 2018 from Nongkrem constituency as an independent candidate, but in recent days reports have spread that he intends to join the UDP. Speaking to reporters at his office at the Secretariat, Lambor said that discussions are ongoing but before taking a final decision, he will have to gather them. his supporters to listen to their decision.
During the meeting, the company officials and after a thorough discussion, the discussion was fruitful in which the company officials agreed to do what the PWD officials, Rangbah Shnongs and the owner of the land wants.
It is to be recalled that the Nongstoiñ Town Committee has issued a rule to all residents to pay only 30 tyngka as a fee for collecting garbage from each household in the town area. You don't have to go to Mawsmai.
Jaida is a retired demonstrator from the Sericulture Department.
He said that the dkhoh will be treated first because it has signs of injury and will be released into the wild.
The union demands that the district authorities should allow only those people who have registered with the Shillong Municipal Board to sell land.
He reminded that the day laborers should be clean and praised the union for being willing to cooperate with the government.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 2: The HSPDP Mawshynrut candidate Methodios Dkharu has won by 6286 votes against the NPP sitting MLA Gigur Myrthong. The answer given by the people of Mawshynrut was 19368 votes for Bah Methodios Dkhar.
Paul tells the Christians in Corinth who doubted about Jesus' resurrection that more than 500 people saw Jesus really rise from the dead.
He also mentioned the need to build Police Outposts, Police Sattion, Police Chiefs' residences and others and discussed the need to strengthen the Cyber ​​Cell, the provision of vehicles. , providing for the needs of the police and others.
Ma Lammat O Laloo has been elected as the new Waheh Shnong of Loomkyrwiang Dorbar Chnong for the term of office 2024-2
“We should also focus on Technical Intelligence along with Human Intelligence,” said Shah. “This meeting will help young officers to learn about these issues related to you are not protecting the country.
Nagpur police have stepped up security at the residence of Union Minister Nitin Gadkari and also at his office after receiving several phone calls.
Besides, Bah KP Pangniang, as a former MLA of the constituency and president of the HSPDP, has not rested but has worked hard as much as he can to go to the people to ask for their support. election to come.
Speaking on the BJP ticket, Kharkrang said that if the BJP ticket for 17 North Shillong goes to him or Michael Kharsyntiew, it will not affect him. the BJP because the supporters belong to the party and not to the candidate.
“Because of such people, the future of the children is not bright even for the family.
This is one of the reasons for the differences between the Boro and Muslim communities in Bodoland, Assam.
Children today are in desperate need of associations.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has announced that the rice under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of May, 2022 has been released to all households under the NFSA ( AAY & PHH) from 5th May 2022 to 15th May
We as the owners of Raid Shabong, which is known as the daughter of Raid Shabong, in the presence of the Sordar of Raid Shabong, other Sordars from other Raids, together with the SDO of Pynursla Civil Sub-Division, “I would like to thank this ryngku for his service to the forests, waters and rivers in this forest,” said Bah Riban.
He said that the Khandong and Kupli Hydro Electric Projects are not working in other states.
The following paragraphs are among the paragraphs quoted from the judgment:-Para 111 – “The object of the Fifth and Sixth Schedule as seen earlier, is not only to prevent acquisition, holding or disposal of the land in schedule Areas for their economic empowerment, social status and dignity of their person ….
The program was held at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang, where Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of Mairang was the chief guest. Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang as the Chief Guest.
He said that the students should not expect too much only from government jobs but also from various company jobs which pay higher than government jobs.
“The government has not enforced Section 144 CrPC, we have not violated the law, we have not harassed the people, we have not blocked the roads,” said Education Secretary Kitboklang Nongphlang.
From the villages under the Nonglang Sirdarship to the Pilangkata-Khanapara and Raij Marwet areas, the residents are afraid of being forcibly deported to Assam and are now protesting.
Father began to think about what Mother had said.
Mr. Prestone said, “Where is that mawpud? The MOU, which was signed in the first phase, is only to sign the agreements on the land, villages to go to which state but to identify the boundary is through the survey. of India, as directed in the presence of officers from Assam and Meghalaya during the inspection”.
According to a source from Nongstoin Police Station, the incident happened on the morning of the 26th of this month, while the child was alone at home. The man came to the child's house and started raping her.
“May this Behdieñkhlam which is believed to drive away the disease and the evil of society succeed and eradicate the COVID-19 pandemic in this world.
Now, to return to this subject, I would like to mention here that Meghalaya has, so far this year, about 35 lakh heads of households and of these more than 27 lakh are from farming households.
On the other hand, Ms Dayoophi Iakai said that the purpose of setting up this group is to bring about the welfare of the society including the election campaign in the right manner, the implementation of the election. government schemes, crimes against youth and others.
At the same time, AMDA informed that the winners of the India Talent Fight will receive up to 17 benefits along with a contract with the company as celebrities of India.
According to the Sordar of Lenpdeng Shnong, the Mela venue falls under the jurisdiction of Lenpdeng Shnong and Lenmawtap, as the boundary has not been fixed yet. The Lenmawtap has not informed the Lenpdengshnong to hold the Mela, which he said requires NOC from both the Sordars to hold the Mela.
He said that such competitions are very important, especially in this age when getting government jobs has become increasingly difficult.
The collapse caused a major landslide and also affected the soccer field, the plaintiff said.
At that time, we published smaller newspapers and I published in Guwahati and Mawphor was published in Ri Khasi Press. Only the characters, but the headings, are printed in the letter press.
“However, these statements and promises have turned into nothing after it became clear that despite many opposition, the Government has not ignored the voice of many churches and has proceeded to grant permission to the three. people for the establishment of these playgrounds in our State.
Nongpoh, March 23: Thousands of Catholic Church members have assured that the results of the 2021-2022 election will be released before the MDC election. Zone-VII of Shillong Archdiocese today left for their homes to bring with them the symbols of thought like those Longkpa to have responsibility for the family, which is after The 9th tournament which was held for two days at Nongkhrah has ended on Tuesday.
We are afraid that in a moment we may die and disappear completely.
Kunwardhrub was named Player of the Match for the loss of wickets.
Conrad was accompanied by his mother Soradini K Sangma, sister Agatha K Sangma and brother James K Sangma. Hispreaching Son Shylla invited the HSPDP Nongkrem to come and rally at Smit Square on three issues that affect the people.
This writer has no intention of undermining the efforts of Governments to resolve the border issue.
The SMC Association has discussed the announcement which has been kept secret in the files of the Government without informing all the SMCs. policy that has been used all this time is appropriate.
“We on behalf of the Dorbar Shnong request the police who are the law enforcement agencies to take action and investigate and arrest those involved,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
The Commandant of the 1st MLP Battalion, Bah AR Mawthoh, said that he is still waiting for the government to approve the promotion of Kong Wansuk to the rank of Assistant Sub-Inspector.
He said that the union is deeply saddened by the felling of trees from the forest and will affect even the drinking water wells on the slopes of the hill. The union also alleged that the Forest Department has also destroyed the villages in the area.
Nongstoiñ, June 18: A strong earthquake has struck parts of West Khasi Hills on Saturday night and Friday 17th of this month from Rambrai, Phodumbah, Nongbodum, Nginiong to parts of the Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, it is wrong in society to force the faith on others who do not accept or accept it according to the feelings of those many churches.
These include 6 high risk contacts, 3 from outside the state, one from Happy Valley, 2 from Laban, 3 from Madanrting and one from Malki.
The office of the Executive Engineer PWD was the first to be affected by the incident at 12:45 pm.
Shillong, July 07: BJP Spokesperson Bah M Kharkrang on Saturday said that the TMC's attempt to recruit voters through the Mye Card which the TMC has promised to provide monthly 1000 tyngka to He said that the youth of the state will be like a violation of the freedom of the youth because they will rely on the mercy of the politicians. amount.
He explained that in their homes, they should start harvesting water from roof top water harvesting and when planting crops they should look at the availability of water and use it properly. the need for plants should not be overlooked.
With this victory, Friends United XI have qualified for the semi-finals of Pool B and Efty United XI Mynso have qualified for the semi-finals of Pool A. India's leading athlete Ankita Shrivastava in her current participation in the World Transplant Games 2023 in Perth, has won three medals since to represent the country in the tournament.
Dr. Dennis O Connor, Head of Canadian Delegation Sector practice Lead-Cleantech, Department of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development, Ottawa, Canada also led his team of 14 including Ballard Power Systems (Fuel cells); LM Technologies Canada Inc (Solar trackers/roof tops, waste to diesel, etc.); AGS Energy (Waste to Energy); Premier Tech Aqua (Water); Clearford (Waste water); Export Development Canada; Trade And Invest British Columbia.
It is easy to deceive and deceive the people.
“The robbers also shot Kurban Khan and Buran Ali, who worked in a nearby shop and after that, they forced them to shout Jai Shri Ram,” said Jakir Hussain, President. of the West Barpeta Traders' Association.
The incident happened at 11 pm this afternoon, inside a forest known as Lum-Umphning which is also the Lawkyntang under the jurisdiction of the Raid Nongkhrah.
Furthermore, these robbers damaged the property of the market vendors who live near the Iewrynghep market.
The words "shapeless and pure" are translated from the Hebrew "tahu wa bohu" and English commentators use the word "chaos nechaotic" when explaining the meaning of the Hebrew words and in The Khasi word means confusion, shapeless and clean.
He said that the 25th anniversary of the death of Bah Peter reflects the close relationship that the former MP had with his father, (L) PA Sangma who is also the President of the Former Speaker of the Lok Sabha.
Shillong, March 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Comnrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the government has worked hard to provide relief to the families affected by the Sitrang cyclone.
He said that India is known to be the second largest producer in the world, so it needs the farmers of this region to work harder. in order to improve their reputation as farmers and to be recognized by the world.
When Roy saw that his wife had escaped from the house, he ran away and hid himself in a tree near his house at Neng Gate, Pynursla. said the news.
The village invites and invites other civil society organizations to cooperate with the village authorities, in order to bring about economic development, income generation and peace and stability in the village. thaw the whole thing.
The meeting was organized by the Central Puja Committee and was attended by Christian, Muslim, Khasi and Sikh leaders at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong.
The film was made specifically to bring together young talented fashion designers.
Member of ALS and Achik Publisher Society, Seming D. Sangma, while congratulating the author, said that the writings come from the inspiration and thought and require the efforts of the author. author.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Tomorrow will be the first time in the history of the I-League that Shillong will play against Shillong Lajaong.
For the unity and compliance of citizens to the guidelines and instructions of the Health Department and the Government.
These are unfounded allegations,” said Neetu Singh.
Therefore, the HYC demands that the seat for Meghalaya should be increased from the last session.
The crowd also blocked the roads leading to the army headquarters in many places.
If 52% of the OBCs are allocated, the total reservation will reach 74.5%.
Rev.Fr.Roland Kharkrang, while telling the faithful about the history of the Sacrament after the end of the procession, said, “The Salesian Fathers held the first procession of Mary in This meeting was held on the 24th June, 1922 at Laitumkhrah Church at 6:30 pm and went upstairs to the Fire Brigade Ground.
Many witnesses have witnessed the fact that even the parents don't know where their young children are, they go because as soon as they get into the cars they don't know even if they are on the road outside the house.
For example, this year, the 31st International Cave Expedition under the slogan “Caving in the Abode of the Clouds” will be held between 6th and 24th June, 2023 at Muallian in East Jaintia Hills.
Das attended St Edmunds Higher Secondary School, Army School, Shillong and completed his degree in Biotechnology from Amity University.
It shows that man needs to gather together to bind together so that it will be one meaning from the Two Testaments, that it will be one word, meaning, and it is truth, because the word was written u God at different times and in different places.
Shillong, March 02: There is a saying, “Water is life”.
You are my soldiers and you are stronger than the government, the court and the parliament.
Many of them work overseas and in other states and they work well.
Shillong, Lber 06: U Leader of the Opposition Dr Donkupar Roy today slammed the state government for not fulfilling its promises to the people. the promises only in certain constituencies”.
It is now exactly 100 years old.
The Magistrates of both the states have also ordered that no traffic obstacles should be built in the area as this will be arranged at the level of the Deputy Commissioners of the two districts. Assam and Meghalaya are responsible for these areas.
Shillong: To commemorate the first anniversary of Crystal Gayle Kharnaior, who passed away 10 years ago in a tragic incident on 12th July, 2017 on the road near the Governor's Road. , the Riti Academy has established the award to recognize and promote the best youngsters in the fields of writing, dance, music and dance.
She said that the village had fined her for getting a husband and the fine was T.32,000 tyngka. She said that she could not pay and left.
In fact, KHNAM had already met with the Minister of Electricity last June but the lack of reply has prompted them to meet again today.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Squash Racket Association (MSRA) on Saturday held its 10-day World Squash Day tournament.
Sections 6 and 6 (a) of the Meghalaya Parliamentary Secretaries (Appointments, Salaries, Allowances and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance, 2016 have been amended. .
Mundhan had taken pictures and posted them on social media and there were pictures and audios he had taken in the morning before committing suicide and his girlfriend.
Those who have contracted the disease have been sent home and quarantined.
Tura: The former leader of the United Achik Liberation Army (UALA), one of the strongest insurgent groups in Garo Hills, Novembirthch Marak, has planned to kill the armed group. The candidate for the 2023 Assembly elections from Chokpot constituency in South Garo Hills district, led by Lazarus Sangma.
Regarding the election or non-election of the candidates from the 1-Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, we understand that the MP election is more difficult than the MLA or MDC election. Even if you choose to be selfish, it will not bring good in the future, and only evil will flow.
We have just passed the MLA election 2023 and in this election we have seen that some political parties have put forward the issue of dividing the state into two parts, Garo and Khasi Jaintia.
Speaking at the congratulatory speech on the election of CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, the senior MDC of KHADC, said that nothing can be done because it has been happening like this since time immemorial. sha you for.
Immoral and illegal activities are on the rise.
The water level rises and falls between the soil and the sky for reasons depending on the nature of the soil.
The Minister also informed that the cold storages at Mawïong and Garobada are no longer operational and the report submitted to the department has shown that they are no longer sufficient to revive them.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 8 cases including one from Jatah Cluster and 7 cases from Sohphoh Cluster.
Under Clause 19 of the FCO, the sale and manufacture of pesticides is strictly prohibited and if anyone violates these rules, severe punishment should be imposed on the violators even by imprisonment for up to years!!! Therefore, the sale of unclean drugs will be an illegal act of cheating and deception against the farmers.
Yumnam said that after joining the political race, he saw that only the NPP party has the goal of providing special services to the North East.
The hotel has 101 rooms and other facilities include a restaurant, coffee shop, bar, shop and banquet hall.
But as a government, what else is its responsibility? Will it end with the name, reputation and works of Kambell Chullai, is it right for Kambell at this time to receive more special recognition through the government or from others? Other groups have been blessed through the Eco-Friendly Crematorium.
The tournament will be held at the Indoor Hall of the Seiñraij Jowai, Tpeppale.
The cows were seized by the soldiers and handed over to the nearby police outposts.
Another village is Laitryngew, this village has been producing coal since ancient times, that is, in the year 1950, and so on.
Jowai, Naitung 20: Following the earthquake in Rattacherra, East Jaintia Hills District last month in which four people were killed, another earthquake has occurred in the area today. and the storm was not great.
Most of the drugs are imported from abroad and outside the state.
It is as if the same mother had many wives.
It feels that this is just a ploy to invade other religions in this country.
Minister Bah Kyrmen Shylla in his speech encouraged the awardees and said that he is proud to be part of them on such a special day.
“If MR doesn't read the report, call us to help him read it and we are ready to help him,” said the woman.
There is no ILP in the Sixth Schedule but the President and the Governor have passed 225 Acts to come into force in the UKJHADC in 1952 [Para 19(1)(b)(3)] The ILP (EBFR 1873) is the Governor's responsibility to implement the Notification at any time.
The order came after Inspector Bah N Khongthohrem, Officer in-charge of Laitumkhrah Police Station, requested the SP of CBI, Shillong to hand over the documents related to the appointment of teachers. In the hearing on July 4, the CBI lawyer refused to hand over the documents to the police.
“As the road is not enough, the water supply is not enough, the electricity is not enough and we have come to express our concerns, we also express our gratitude to our Symbud Myntri Rangbah who has taken care of the He has also promised to assist the church as much as possible so that the work will be speeded up for the preparation of us the church to host this Synod,” said the religious leaders.
The party leaders are currently in New Delhi to prepare to file an appeal against the High Court's decision on November 24,
The deceased were identified as Badondor Shabong, 21, and Darihun L Nongpiur,
“Today we have informed and shown this intention of the Government and they have asked us for time and they will meet after the puja and whether they accept or not will be known after the meeting. “Worship,” said Mr. Tynsong.
He said that the tournament is not only to promote the products but also as a gathering of local entrepreneurs, farmers, cooperative societies and self help groups so that they can expand their activities.
On the 3rd November 2020, we had the opportunity to witness another major change in Lumshyiap and it was the beginning of the transformation of our rural villages into another milestone.
The editor, DI Colourist is Batei Kharmyndai and the group congratulates Fernando Mylliempdah, Batriti Pyngrope, Bansumar Syiem, Gadial Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, Emidaka Syiem, Stephan Marsing and Badonbadme Nongpluh.
Speaking to reporters on the recruitment examination of this health centre, Prof. (Dr.) Nalin Mehta said, “There is an All India Examination. 'It has been held in many states including Assam and Meghalaya and has a center at the North Eastern Hills University.
Regarding his complaint, Khan said he was surprised to receive a letter from the Disciplinary Action Committee of the party. The letter, signed by Bah WHD Syngkon, Secretary of the committee, asked for clarification on why he is fighting against the party. I sent the reply on the 5th of July, 2013, and I sent the reply on the 2nd of July, 2013", “Until now I have left “I don't know what the Congress party has decided on my answer, I don't know how much it has taken my answer that it's been a long time since I resigned to answer,” said Bah Khan. He said that he had phoned PR Kyndiah, Chairman of the Disciplinary Action Committee, to ask for a reply. “I haven't received his phone yet, it just surprises me,” said Khan.
Recently, Himanta Biswa Sarma, who visited Shillong, met with Conrad Sangma for an hour to discuss the date of the meeting.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 02: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawshynrut Circle, on Tuesday, found that there has been misuse of the FOCUS scheme of the MDA Government in Mawshynrut. embedded in this scheme.
Ashley Kharpuri took first place in the rookie category with a time of 3:10:44, Zelesy Puro came second (3:14:56) and Banishan Sohtun came second. in the third place (3:16:28).
Roshan Warjri recently visited Motphran to beautify and rebuild the bridge after the demolition.
This is also done now with heavy equipment.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the Working President of the CoRP, Bah Pateng Myrsing, said that the party fully supports the MLA of Nongkrem, who has come out to speak on this issue. The issue is to improve not only the Khasi Jaintia but also the Paid Garo, because if the Roster system is implemented now, the roster system will be severely destroyed. They are more paid than Garo.
The road was completed through the initiative of the MDC to monitor until it is completed after the village leaders and the leaders of the Mawlai Parish Catholic Church expressed the urgent need and requested the MDC to help.
“You see what happened in Assam during the time of Tarun Gogoi, he brought the ULFA to the negotiating table and Assam has moved forward and is ready now.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : U Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, who is also the Secretary of the party, on Thursday recalled how they were deceived when they tried to form a non-NPP government. Speaking at the election campaign rally for the party candidate, Bah S Osborne Kharjana in Sohiong, Bah Charles said, “We are very happy after winning the election to form a government. I remember that on the 5th (October) the Congress MLAs were waiting for us at Pinewood but in the evening we learned that they had thanked us.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn has raised a question in the Legislative Assembly to find out how many factories have been set up in Byrni and Umïam in the past three years.
On the other hand, the farmers said that the government has decided to turn the Mawlong Market parking lot into a jhur market on the first floor and inside;  However, even here, it has not been done as decided by the Government today.
He said the state can form a coalition government and expressed confidence that the BJP will coalition with the parties that understand each other.
How:-1.
On the other hand, the Acting Sordar of the area, Bah Thom Wahlang, said that the landslide has been going on since 27th July
The arrested trucks include ML05J6284 owned by Hasar Dkhar and ML04A-5224 owned by Testlang Rymbai driven by Teibormi Lamare and Euringson Dkhar. to the police.
He said that the preservation of the environment is important to set an example to the people that they should take responsibility to preserve the environment and protect the wildlife as it is necessary to take care of the environment. The environment has begun to deteriorate from the enmity of the people.
The Rangbah Shnong of Upper Shillong also invited Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh to attend the meeting as an MLA of the area and not as a Minister of State. get no word on whether he will come or not while the others have confirmed they will.
Shillong: The Gumaghat Out-Post in South West Khasi Hills District has been temporarily closed after one of the employees of the police station tested positive for covid-1
Shillong: U Bah Titos W Chyne, Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today donated food items to two orphanages. by the KJP Assembly in Jaiaw and Mawphlang.
Both of them stressed the need to preserve, recognize and respect the mother tongue.
After suffering from difficulty in breathing, she stopped bleeding on 2nd March 2020 and although the hospital authorities performed CPR but it did not help her and she died on on the 2nd of March 2020 at 11:10 pm.
“Any vendors who violate will be punished according to the village laws,” said Edystone and urged the shopkeepers not to buy from the footpath and not to encourage the vendors to sit in the market areas. within the border of the city.
Through the encouragement of domestic manufacturing by the Modi Government, India has increased its urea production from 207.54 lakh metric tonnes (LMT) in 2014-15 to 283.74 LMT in 2022-2
We go to the meeting to listen to hear what the principle is.
After about 18 months, Richard covered his shoulders and raised his hand to propose to Dorothy, while they were having a good time with Dorothy's family.
At such a sad time, it is necessary for us to come forward as individuals and residents to give our support and condolences to those affected by this disaster,” said Conrad.
“When did you come...” said Daplin. “Yes... It's over...” Lanosha asked. “Where are you... I'm feeling tired... Where are you going today...” She asked again. Daplin “Where is it... I'm at home...” Lanosha said.
According to the survey, India has improved in terms of factories and employment.
Barabor was arrested from Police Bazaar and an ASOI-BH-5342 motorcycle used in the robbery of the pump was seized while Bhaijan was arrested from Mawkasiang. One Maruti Alto (ML10-C-5608) was arrested.
Not a single demand of the people of Meghalaya has been met.
“The flooding of the rice and sugarcane fields has been a huge loss because the crops are no longer suitable for long-term storage.
Shillong: Khliehmawlieh beat Mawlai SC 3-1 in the first leg of the second leg of the MSL. They will play at the SSA Stadium.
The FIFA Council Bureau has confirmed the decision after the Argentine Football Association (AFA) has sent its proposal and senior FIFA officials have visited the country. to inspect the stadiums in the country of the Southern United States.
Europe, Western countries and parts of Asia, Arabia and Africa have become increasingly fond of girls.
The benefit in the end will be ours and future generations, because the trees themselves give peace to the environment and absorb water vapor from the atmosphere and peace and fertilize the soil until that, in places where there are many trees, we get the water supply in the soil that we need most.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: Ka Seng HITO Umsning Area today sent a letter to the Officer Incharge of Umsning Police Outpost and a copy to the Deputy Commissioner and SP of Ri Bhoi District requesting him to appoint a police officer. Police have been deployed in the public areas of Umsning By-pass where there is a danger when people come and go to use this road.
(6) You will receive detailed information related to the drivers such as name, photograph, and details related to the motorbike.
The Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs recently allocated T.13,000 crore for the scheme to be provided to handicraft makers and traditional craftsmen from the budget of 2023-24 to 2027-2
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Paiem Dr Balajiedsing Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, Bah Ronnie Wahlang, BDO Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, leaders of these two VECs, village leaders and employees of the scheme together with the villagers.
Shillong, November 15: The Junior Christian Endeavor Society (JCES) Mawkhar Presbyterian Church will hold a Christmas Carol on the 19th November 2023 from 11 am starting from the ground floor of the church.
Before planting these shylluit near the thied, or the branches of the lung or the shylluit, the soil should be well plowed or lur, about two or three cents per lyngkor.
It is learned that the robbers were dressed as soldiers and came straight to the quarry and threw wooden sticks to intimidate the employees of the quarry. stone in which they stole up to T.80,000 after they managed to enter the cash counter of the quarry.
Today, more than 2.8 million or 27 lakh devotees have flocked to the Ganga River to celebrate the Shahi Snan festival. at Haridwar Kumbh.
Instead of just sitting there, perhaps it is better for you to read this message of mine.
The 'Messiahs', through their 'group', deceive and persecute thirty kinds of those whom they hate and destroy without foundation.
The match will also be broadcast live on the giant screen of DIPR at Rynjah Market.
Jowai, Nailar, 16: The Joint Action Committee (JACSL) Amlarem Sub Division on Tuesday celebrated the 77th Independence Day of India. Independence Day as well as other parts of the country.
This festival is held every year with the aim of promoting tourism not only in Sohra but in the State as a whole.
The death toll in Tarn Taran has risen to 63, 12 in Amritsar and 11 in Batala of Gurdaspur.
Shillong: Bah Shembhalang is from Mawlong village and graduated from Saint Anthony College.
There was no death at all.
The arrested were identified as Nedarabsuk Syntem, 27, Marleki Suchiang, Damonmei Bang, 25, Leaderson Dkhar and Bon Rymbai.
The question is, can the Indian government defeat the home government? Why don't you put this case in the courts? Only here, too, are the pollutants within this industry understood at all.
At the meeting, the Dorbar Shnong Pohkseh also condemned the mistake of a mother for driving a police vehicle to violate the lockdown.
Also present on the occasion were SSA President Eugeneson Lyngdoh, members of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) and newly elected President of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA), Bah Hamletson Dohling. The ambulance has been donated to the federation to be used in case of injury or injury to the players during the match.
It was Nehru, the first Prime Minister of independent India, who coined the phrase, that the unity in diversity in India. ).
“We make it clear that KHNAM is not a party that hates other ethnic groups but it is against those who have illegally entered the state and not those who have been living there since the past,” said Bah. Adelbert.
We can choose any religion or church.
The municipal department has ordered the shops and shops to leave after the construction of the temporary shelter until the renovation of the shelter.
On the other hand, the village leaders including various Sengbhalang have demanded that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance-2 government should ensure that all the 36 villages under Block-I should be returned to Meghalaya.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun said that what he has done in the last three years has been achieved thanks to the failure of the NPP-led MDA government. He said that if the people give him their support, he will do better in the years to come.
The program was attended by 30 participants including farmers and those who work in this field.
In order to reduce traffic jam in Tura from today, buses should stop at ISBT in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court to avoid any accident or danger to human life. .
Shillong, March 2: The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur in its emergency meeting recently strongly condemned the shooting death of two residents of Wapungskur by the police, Derestmon Siangshai and Setlang Phawa. Eight others were shot dead on the night of the 24th of this month at Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Even the time has come,The holy word he has not found,The empty life,One has fled in peace.
The search for information on how he landed on the moon is ongoing, the report said.
They were identified as Wanboklang Kharsyiemiong, 16, and Wondersing Sohphoh, 16, both from the same village.
Heavy vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat and Mawsynram will park at the Dymmiew Blah (Wah Rina) road which is only half a kilometer away while small vehicles will enter the parking lots near the church.
Shillong, July 29: Out of 331 job seekers who have passed the Grade IV examination, all of them have been employed except for 20 women. .
Bah Rani informed the Ing Dorbar about the sale of the land by Syiem Myrwet to a foreigner and demanded that he should be removed as Syiem immediately.
Shillong: The office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, today, 2nd June 2021, has issued guidelines on the opening of major shops, from 1st to 10th June,
Nongstoiñ: Seven young cricketers from West Khasi Hills District have been selected to join the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA). ) have been selected to represent the State in the upcoming Cricket Tournament in Guntur Andhra Pradesh.
Be strong and courageous” Joshua 1:5
She recalled that until now the government has not appointed a ksiang to speak although the 24th of July is the day when the party has signaled the government to appoint a ksiang.
On this occasion, eight rots arrived at the aitnar with the sound of bombs and the sound of tangmuri.
Psalm 3:27 says, "It is good for a man that he should bear the yoke in his youth" and Isaiah 46:4, "Even to one's old age ...and to one's gray-headedness I will carry you..." The Word God also teaches us that as we sow, so we shall reap.
All three of these accident victims are from Tuber Kmaishnong.
The issue of building a wall 1560 yards from the IB of the borders was also discussed.
However, any policy does not depend on the interests or opinions of anyone.
“I have not sent any letter to the Mawlai Block Congress saying that I want to join the party,” said Bah Process.
“Good roads become romantic roads and don't go for a honeymoon,” he said.
We have well-equipped schools, colleges and universities here because when we get jobs, we go there.
Female students blocked the vehicle of the Block Education Officer of Vaishali District in Bihar, Ahilya Kumar.
Sudan has experienced several incidents of violence since June this year amid a power struggle between the country's army, led by Gen.
The Minister said the government has postponed the International Trade Fair which was scheduled to be held at Iewrynghep Square because the people who will take part in the fair are from neighboring countries such as China. Thailand et al.
However, I would be wrong if I did not assume that when the Sikhs came, they received protection from the government, while the Hindus were not protected,” said the judgment.
“It's Bah,” said Marchborn. “It's Bah,” agreed the driver. “I often hear the merchants talking about this and that.
The salary of the Prime Minister has been increased from T.64,000/- to T.1,09,000/-. The salary of Ministers has been increased from T.63,600/- to T.1,07,5 children, Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T.63,200/- to T.1,07,000/-, Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T.62,750/- and Parliamentary Secretaries have been increased from T. T.62,750/- has been increased to T.1,06,0
Shillong: The Assistant Secretary of Shella Village Council, Johnstelin Youroin, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 20th of this month at noon while he and other elders were about to go to the dorbar hall to hold a meeting. Durbar, there were people who blocked them with threats and did not allow them to enter the dorbar hall.
Officials from the Revenue Department, Irrigation Department and the local police have been involved in the demolition, he said.
Union Minister in charge of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman has promised to increase private and government investment after the installation, including modern warehouses, roads delivery, manufacturing and marketing to ensure rapid development of agriculture and food production.
“We will try this first and we will see how it goes and we have not banned them from earning them around the city only from Kashari to Motphran. There is a parking lot and we will take care of this so that no one will die”.
The trials will be held at the MFA Third Ground, Polo, Shillong on the 30th and 31st of June followed by the Umsning Sports Cultural Club, Ri-Bhoi on the 1st and The final will be held on July 3 and 4 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has suspended the scheme from March to November as it is preparing to start a new one.
Wearing tight clothes can make you feel uncomfortable, especially if you are doing household chores.
When asked whether the PDF will withdraw its support to the MDA government if the government continues on this issue, Banteidor said that if the government continues to do so, it will hand over to the REC, the MeECL departments. , the PDF will hold an emergency meeting to take strong action.
He said that there are millions of Nepalese citizens who have worked as contractors in other countries especially in South Korea, Malaysia and the Middle East.
“The Sur u Paidbah of Hynniewtrep has not been silent while the relatives of Bah Cherish have not received a fair trial,” said Bah Kharlyngdoh. The Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) has demanded that the Government should punish the police involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherish.
“I would like to say that whatever is required in the entire constituency I have been able to fulfill everything whether it is small or big and especially I thank God that through you I have been able to become an MLA from this constituency without “It's a good idea to have a budget for the constituency and the state as a whole,” said Bah Adelbert.
The second match was between Tpep Pale and Mulang Ialong, Mulang Ialong won 4-2 goals.
The winners of Ms. Supermom will receive T.50,000 for the first, T.30,000 for the second and T.20,0
The talks between the CoRP and the owner have become a little more tense, as the village authorities of Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla have already lodged an Ejahar and there have been allegations that the village authorities have forced them. Speaking to reporters, CoRP Vice-President Karbius Lyngdoh said that the owner of the petrol pump has lodged an ejahar against the owner of the petrol pump. The organization does not want this minor incident to be exaggerated by human error.
Sanmer CC won by 49 runs and Elton Kharmuti (56 runs for two wickets) was named Player of the Match.
The Secretary of Nongspung Hima, Bah Michael Warjri, has also been accused of being involved in the approval of Assam.
The villages with less water supply are those that do not fall under the Municipal.
Shillong: There have been 450 new cases and 7 deaths today.
“The purpose of this meeting is to discuss the arrangements for the election of a joint candidate to contest against the NPP candidate from Ranikor,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Regarding the demand of the HNLC to drop all the cases filed against its leaders and members which is also the main demand of the HNLC, Bah Paul said, “Yes. they may be acceptable and depending on the seriousness of each case registered, but in fact it should be acceptable.
“After this, I also left, but later, I received information through another friend of mine who is at the hospital that the authorities have informed him that the thyrnia is gone, but don't “It's a good idea to send her to NEIGRIHMS for a test and she doesn't need to stay at the hospital,” he said.
There has been a spread of photographs and articles on social media that some people are selling sweets mixed with drugs in shops especially in school areas and it has been There was also the distribution of these food items to the school children who were also affected by the shrip.
The two foreigners were identified as Khirod Debnath and his wife Namita Nath, residents of Rynjah.
In addition, the Minister informed that in the border areas of the States, the Government has set up up to 7 border outposts.
When asked how many people are coming forward to contest and while the state is declining in many areas, Bah Samborlang said, “I am a businessman who has a strong sense of identity and that is what I am doing. I don't think the people have seen it,” he added.
They were scheduled to leave Delhi from 28th July but their train tickets have been canceled and they are still stuck at the Republic Day Camp and have not received any information when they will leave.
She said that when the union inquired, it was found that the 'dara' or 'pandal' was only a picture, but the public hearing was held inside the village hall or Community Hall.
The union said that it has also met with the Chief Secretary on 6th July to take action to appoint jobs in government departments except for the youth who have passed the DSC. The deadline for those who passed the examination in 2011 will end on 31st July 2015 and they urged the government to take action to recruit 21 unemployed youth who have passed the examination. DSC in 2011, said Kong P Thabah.
China's Foreign Ministry today denied that People's Liberation Army (PLA) troops have abducted a 17-year-old from Siang District of Arunachal Pradesh; However, the report said the PLA is guarding the road in the area and is blocking any illegal entry and exit.
Shillong, March 10: Police have arrested two members of the KSU Mawprem on suspicion of involvement in the burning of a shop owner in Motphran today.
Babu Wando Nongbet, Asst. Lecturer, Maharam Govt.
The BJP has admitted that there are about 38 political parties under the umbrella of the NDA. The BJP's rule under Modi has been in power for nearly 10 years.
Speaking to media, the President of the HNLC, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the HNLC as an armed party of the people has always spoken out for the cause of the people and has fought for the people. The ILP should be proposed as one of the issues in the peace talks because the jaidbynriew has long wanted to get this stieh to prevent the infiltration of high paid people from other parts of the country. you country.
“Because of this, there has been a border crossing and the area allocated to the Government has become smaller and smaller as the days go by,” he said. quickly the bag spirit.
The residents and the Dorbar Shnong have also strongly opposed the proposal of the Acting Waheh Shnong to appoint and confirm the leaders and members of the Executive Body of the Dorbar Shnong by electing their own people from home.
However, as the Forum, they fight in the way of righteousness and in the way of law, not by sword, gun or bloodshed.
SSA teachers not continue to strike. Governor directs Prime Minister to resolve the issue of teachers.
According to the video, the suspect was seen holding a gun in his hand and after shooting, he ran towards the police station. The vehicle was parked in the bar and he fled the scene.
Robert, from France, needs only a connection between his phone and another person's phone or computer, which has an Aadhar number, and that's enough to find it. facts on facts relating to the aadhar number of any person.
He said that the present leaders are looking for reasons, while the former leaders are helping those people who do not support.
The student from St. Margaret's Higher Secondary School, Shillong said that it is also necessary to remember God because without Him we cannot do anything.
Therefore, we cannot say that there is no sub-tribe among the Khasi.
The government has also decided to register a case of murder and has set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to conduct an investigation into the incident.
“The first step is to open a Traffic Branch and Traffic Control Room at all Police Stations in the city including the Women Police Station at Sadar PS. “They will take action against women and employees,” said SP East Khasi Hills District Mariahom Kharkrang.
July 20, 2020 — Semi-finals: Winner of Group A vs Runners-up Group B. July 23, 2020: FINAL.Shillong: Mawsawrit SC beat Phanniewlah Rum SC beat Phanniewlah Rum SC 3-0 in the TASA U-15 Football League on Saturday.
This means that the improvement of roads in the state under this scheme has exceeded Rs 2500 crore,” said Prestone.
The cost of these consultants is T.22.56 crore, and according to the reply given by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly on the last day of the synrai session on Thursday, these consultants consultants do not receive money from the State Government, but the money does not come at the time of implementation of the projects.
After a search, police recovered 18 soap boxes containing 177 grams of heroin.
Speaking to reporters, Sarma said Prateek Hajela, who conducted the NRC survey, had made a big mistake in the registration of the NRC. Hajela has been transferred to Madhya Pradesh.
Eagles member Randy Meisner, who was also involved in the formation of the band, has passed away.
The Namdong Laskeiñ Blocks Border Area Peace Committee (NLBBAPC), the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF) of Meghalaya and the All Party Hills Leaders Conference (APHLC) of Karbi Anglong held a meeting at Mookoilum. It has not yet been decided to lift the curfew and bring peace and stability in the area.
He said that this plant is one of the most important foods for mankind, especially for health as it helps a lot for those with diabetes, high blood pressure and others.
it was the first year I started the church ministry.
The Enforcement Directorate has fixed another date for Sonia Gandhi on July 23 in connection with the misuse of funds of the National Herald newspaper.
He said that as a parent who sends his children to study at Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, this is the first time for him to visit this college. They saw the beauty and dignity of this place which is called the “Temple of Education”.
The Border Security Force (BSF) Meghalaya on the 8th of this month seized 96 cows from the border areas of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills which were intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DC Ri Bhoi Pooja Pandey said that the land acquisition in the Umsning Bypass has almost been completed.
The Presbyterian, on the other hand, if he turned away from the church of God, was accused of being a religious leader by the Presbyterians.
The Constitution of India grants freedom of religion but the announcement to celebrate Digital India on the 14th cannot be accepted as it is a special day for Christians.
In flat areas where the water stays long, lights should be built at a distance of 35 or 40 feet from one light to another so that the water does not stay long at the foot of the trees.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Aibor Tynsong, Bah Steven, President of NPP Pynursla and others in the presence of the village elders, residents and school children.
Bah Kharbani said that the influx of foreigners into the state has not only affected the livelihood of the indigenous people but many crimes have also increased.
Ardent recalled that Meghalaya is a state where most of the citizens have become Christians and the Bible speaks against corruption.
Therefore, she invites such people to come forward to register to get recognition for these schemes.
We have failed from the beginning of the day & until now in the field of Town & Country Planning so that Shillong and its suburbs have grown and spread like this. the right one, that is, as big and as wide as the tumor.
Although the leaders of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) have returned to Bangladesh almost six months after coming to Meghalaya for peace talks, the government has not shown any signs.
If the MDA II government through Conrad Kongal Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, cannot convince Himata Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam, to resolve the border issue within this year, it will never be resolved. and all the areas that have been occupied by Assam, will remain as they are now and the suffering is for the Khasi people because there are many rebels and those who eat ar maloi.
Mawkyrwat, November 11: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of the HSPDP from Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, today launched the MLA Scheme for the year 2021- 2022 with a budget of T.3,39,02,605/- crore at a meeting held at the office of the Chief Minister.
Furthermore, the program also witnessed a spirit of support from the elders and residents of the area, which will also witness the future of this center as a place where the stories, the laughter and the agreement.
After the incident, police took him to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment but he died on arrival at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
According to the report, the man died at 4 pm and it is highly suspected that the death may have been due to a stroke.
Nilesh Kumar Agarwal, District Governor RID-3240, today visited Jowai to meet with the members of Rotary, on the occasion to discuss the good works done by Rotary from time to time. time and also about the working methods of Rotary International.
The union also questioned the contractor regarding the traffic signs, pavement markings and footpath as stipulated in the budget.
Referring to the ticket, Kharkrang said that two months before the elections is the best time to decide on the ticket. The party has decided whether to give the ticket or not, as there are two candidates and besides him, there is also Bah Michael Kharsyntiew.
The leaders of the MSOA should not leave...otherwise there will be no trust.
This can only happen if people are not surrounded by love in their lives and become enemies.
Dr. War said that the time will come when the names of those who signed the bond will be released and the names of those who did not respect the bond they signed will be released. lakh and the Health Department will not allow them to play with the bond, but they have been allowed to come to inform and appear within the month of April, but if they do not come, their names will be released. they don't want to work with the government, they have to pay the bond.
“Some organizations have met me in the past against the land swapping of the Indian and Bangladesh governments. I have told them that this does not fall under the state government.
There was only fear and trembling in those places.
Regarding the passing away of Bah Thabah, the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has sent his condolences to the family of Bah Lambok Thabah. Others expressed their condolences on the passing away of the journalist.
He continued, “We live in righteousness and the truth is the truth of God, we earn righteousness and we live in righteousness, while the khar u lyngkien doesn't want to earn by lies, where is it? to connect with us ?".
“It is true that the people have suggested that some areas should be improved, but the government has already explained. Why does the government have to take this decision when we cannot do whatever we want”.
People's Democratic Front (PDF) MLA Banteidor Lyngdoh said that no decision has been taken by the Central Executive Committee of the party to join any political party. and the National People's Party (NPP) or any other party.
Following the criticism of many on the lack of electricity supply in the State, the State Government has taken a loan of T.1345 crore from the Central Government. through the Atmanirbhar Bharat Scheme and through this money the debt of MeECL has been repaid to other companies.
Thus, the nature of Heaven is very different from the plains in the north.
These trees have been cut down for pyrnon,” said the BMC chief. Dhaval Shah, a resident of Andheri West and an inspector at the Civic Body, said, “The BMC had planned to complete the first phase of the bridge in January, but they were surprised to build the bridge until July when they understand that they needed to cut down the trees.
It will also reduce the number of recreational activities such as swimming, fishing and boating as the appearance of the trees and the beauty of the rivers and streams have been destroyed.
It may be recalled that the festival will start in the state from the 17th of November and end on the 19th of this month which falls on Sunday.
Shillong, Nailar 18: Four members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) arrested from Jaintia Hills were brought to Shillong on Thursday for trial. in Court.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has found that only two types of training are available at the District Commerce and Industries Centre, West Jaintia Hills.
He urged all those involved in the expenditure not only to earn money from this tournament, but to think for the development of sports in the state.
He said that he will ensure that the health centers will be adequate and efficient.
According to the Meteorological Department, the speed of the wind was 24 kilometers per hour.
Shillong, Lber 23: U Minister of State for Electricity, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar today informed the House that there are 524 defective transformers in the year 2016-17 alone across the state.
Jesus said (John 12:26) – If any man serve me, let him follow me;
At that time, the village held a meeting (I don't want to use the sacred words of the Dorbar) and at that meeting there were those who said, “Let us allow the Bapli to die on the hill. sha wah" but there are others who say, "Yes, you shouldn't be allowed to, because when they are old, they will turn you away.
The body and mind of the child were exposed only to unnecessary books, especially Khasi books.
Therefore, the VPP will educate the people to become wise and understanding.
He said that during the past 10 years, about 50 public awareness campaigns have been conducted across the state on Ayush treatment.
In a few days, the people of the State will have the opportunity to fulfill their duty as citizens to elect their own candidates and political parties of their choice. that is, on June 27, 2023.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The Riwar Mihngi Exporters and Importers Association (RMEIA) in collaboration with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday repaired the road from Wahkdait below Pynursla to Dawki. There is a lot of snowfall which has caused problems not only to the trucks carrying stone but especially to the passengers who use this road.
He said the state government has already written to the Railway Department of West Bengal, Maharashtra, Telengana, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Rajashthan, Andhra Pradesh, Uttarakhand, Punjab, Bihar, Haryana and Goa. , Pondicherry, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand to request them to provide special trains to bring the youth of the state to Guwahati.
We need our own strong home which we can claim as our true home like the Mizos, who have Mizoram,” he added.
Before its temporary disappearance, the band produced and released an American album in 2018 that attracted many listeners.
Why are our leaders getting smaller and smaller in rank over time? Isn't this due to the stupidity of the voters? I see that even in the urban and suburban areas, the people now expect only the daily wage on the day of voting, they don't think anymore for the glory of the voters. country and nation.
Turning to the Lord in prayer is a godly sorrow; God hears and delivers.
Do we still trust the police when we see that they carry guns and can shoot and kill anyone even when they carry Tari in their own homes? Bah Cheris and I demand that you be released immediately.
“He has violated my land by digging water inside my farm and polluting my rice field,” said Eporlang.
The UDP's resignation comes a few days after some MDCs have defected from the Congress to the NPP. the Seng.
Out of the 59 MLAs in the 1st Legislative Assembly, 17 have completed only Class 8, Class 10 or Class
We would like to urge all those who are good at publishing news themselves to be thoughtful when publishing any news.
When asked about the power outage, they said that the cause of the power outage was the first rainfall. electricity too.
Later, Dawki Police also arrived at the scene with water and fire trucks.
"Who taught the daughters of the land to dance in sackcloth?
Shillong: Congress MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang has slammed the MDA government for its failure to address the problems of drivers over the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
“Despite the best efforts of our medical team and medical staff, his condition worsened and he died at 6:30 pm on the same day," Spokesperson of Bethany Hospital, Shillong, Dr. Kyntiewlang Sanmiet said in a statement.
On 20th November 2019 at 9 pm, troops of 170 BN BSF seized 25 boxes of kyiad worth 65,916 tyngka from the border at Borsora village.
We don't know why it is difficult for the Manipur government to end the conflict because the longer it takes, the more it will suffer for the people of Manipur and neighboring states.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said that the government collects revenue from various departments known as Educational Cess and through this it is used for the maintenance of colleges, schools from Higher Secondary, Secondary to Lower Primary schools belonging to the government.
Before the end of the programme, the chairman welcomed the guest speaker, Bah H. Lamin (MDC).
“If this rumor is true, Sniawbhalang is a traitor and a seller of the NPP party,” said Ma Rymbai. “It's a good idea for Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, the owner of Sniawbhalang to win and make him MLA,” said Ma Madon.
On the other hand, u Bah Joe said that until now nothing can be criticized as it is a matter that has to be discussed together. He said that tomorrow there will be a meeting with the 13 organizations together with the Rangbah Shnongs. of various villages to discuss the anti-mynder laws and to discuss the creation of committees by Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Sec.School (West Khasi Hills) was defeated by a tie breaker at Saiden Secondary School (Ri-Bhoi).
Shillong, March 24 (PIB): The Indian Panorama, a special part of the International Film Festival of India (IFFI), today announced the selection of 25 feature films and 20 non-feature films.
However, the government has ordered that on Sunday, Sunday, it will start at 3 pm, after the service.
Earlier on 31st July 2018, the NGT had decided to continue the coal ban in the state and wanted a committee headed by a former judge of the Guwahati High Court to investigate the coal ban in the state. and to submit its report to the committee on 6th October
This is not the custom of the old tribe.
The search for the suspect will continue on Tuesday. Besides Mawsiangbah, other neighboring villages have also expressed their willingness to cooperate. look for this old man.
Bah Sumarlang Swer strongly criticized the Congress party by asking what the Congress party has done in relation to the issue of Inner Line Permit and The Them Metor issue, but it is the UDP under the MDA government that has been able to resolve those issues halfway.
After the victory, Cerundolo will have to face Daniel Evans; who defeated Karen Khachanov 6-3, 6-4
On the part of Dr. Nirmalya Bagchi, Director General, ASCI and Chairman, Steering Committee, CIPS, she invited all the States and UTs who wish to support in terms of training, research, policies and whatever else they need.
During the protest of the people of East Jaintia Hills against the Coke Factory, how many ministers were named.
The award ceremony will be held on 9th November 2022. Students of Jirang Constituency who are studying inside and outside the constituency are requested to submit their marksheets before 30th July 2022 to the Committee.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CPL) on Saturday demanded that the government should curb the increase in the price of beverages in Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister also congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Mawtharia for taking the responsibility to provide food items to the family after one of them was infected with the corona virus.
The belief in Sabka Saath Sabka Vikas has united us to lead the world with us,” he said.
Phramer SC beat Mookyndur SC 1-0 in the 2nd Division Football Tournament of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
Police sources said that these people left Goalpara in the early hours of the second day and their last phone conversation was at 6 pm. They were arrested on the Damra-Dainadubi-Wageasi road to Rongmil after reaching East Garo Hill.
According to an announcement from the office of the Director of Commerce and Industries, Shillong, the Applicants for this Award must have registered as Permanent Registration (PMT) or have received Entrepreneur's Memorandum Part II (EM Part-II) or Udhyog Aadhaar Memorandum (UAM)/Udyam Registration from the District Offices. of District Commerce and Industry Centers (DCICs).
The All Tamil Nadu Students' Association (ATSA) through its office bearers including Vishnuram P. (President), Rajarajacholan (Joint Secretary), Gideon Bala Singham (Treasurer) and Ragu (Advisor) came from Tamil Nadu to meet with KSU leaders in Shillong to discuss many issues affecting the indigenous people in the North East and South India.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Bawan blessed the players to bring glory to the nation as a whole and the KSU will continue to hold these kinds of games which will bring unity and opportunity. rise to the upper levels.
“There will be no transfers, but they will continue their studies after work and on weekends,” he said.
The progress of the APBS has been monitored and the joint payment of wages (NACH and ABPS) has been extended until 31st November 2023 or until further notice.
They think that those groups that came first will receive a greater reward while the church groups that came later will receive a smaller reward.
He said that Rule 36 Sub Rule 5 of the Assam Meghalaya District Council Rule allows the Executive Committee to request the Governor to convene a special session due to the urgency of the matter.
During the inspection, it was found that there are still some parts of the road that have not been completed according to the requirements of the government in the Detail Project Report.
The era of enslavement and enslavement of human beings may have ended, but the enslavement and exploitation of human beings has increased and become more terrible over the years.
And to use the sympathy tree in various situations of life.
Referring to the peace and order situation in the State, the Minister said, “In many cases, we have faced difficulties due to the riots but we have been able to overcome them.
This is evidence of the Government's determination to bring about change in the electricity distribution sector in the region.
You may also not plant a pai or leave a pai to grow for two or three years on the same tree.
:The new Khasi song, “Tang da kikhmat” has been released on the 3rd of November 2023 and is sung by Dame Syiem and Alvareen Kharphuli.
After meeting with the sordars of these two villages and requesting him and other sordars and the people to join in the protest, they took action because they understood that the The groundwater pollution is not good and can endanger the health not only of these two villages but of the people of the area as a whole.
Shillong, July 11 : The Government is ready to build up to 100 bridges whether vehicle or pedestrian at 100 places to connect the villages facing difficulties in coming and going in the country. during the rainy season because they have to walk straight through the rivers.
On the part of the office bearers of the Sport Club, they expressed their gratitude and blessings to the HANM under the leadership of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani for its progress in all aspects.
We are not talking about the loss of land, but how it has been used for our full benefit.
When asked about the implementation, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah promised that this work will be completed as soon as possible.
(Joel)“The disease has affected the poor.
He said that the farmers have not received any information about the government's ban on the use of urea fertilizers and due to the government's ban, it has become a commodity to be bought and sold illegally. land but the farmers could not buy it because of the need.
The NIT will take the necessary action and after that a decision will be taken on the condition of these houses. He said that the investigation will also investigate the time it took to extinguish the fire.
The funeral ceremony was restricted to 10 persons by informing the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
Regarding this, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA of the area, promised that he will take action to talk to the government and create the necessary mechanisms for the construction of the road. This is an encouragement to the residents and village leaders of Nongwah Mawtamur, which is under the border agreement between the Meghalaya and Assam governments.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Garo Students' Union (GSU-WZ) has expressed its dissatisfaction with the working methods of the German Technology Company which is constructing the National Highway in South Garo Hills. The union has demanded an inquiry into the implementation of the road.
Actor Vishnu Vishal reportedly trapped himself in the floods in Karapakkam and survived with the help of the fire and rescue department.
Shillong: Four organizations including the Khasi Students Union (KSU), the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP), the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and the Ri-bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) have written to the Minister. The Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Ma Lakmen Rymbui to address the issue of forcing schools and colleges to continue providing online education to students in the state.
“In a recent announcement, the Speaker AT Mondal has decided to go against the usual rules by appointing MLAs who are only from the ruling party to be members of various committees,” he said. said Paul.
This authorization to issue labor licenses to private individuals is not in accordance with the law, as even in Section 9(B) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation 1954 it is written that the Executive Committee can appoint only officers of the council for any matter relating to this.
“The NTA has promised to set up Centers in all the District Head Quarters of the State,” he said while urging the students who wish to study Under Graduate to apply for CUET through the website of the NTA. The NTA will be open to the public from 6th January.
When they arrived in Jowai, the owner of the vehicle and the contractor who carried the garbage dumped the garbage on Thomas Jones Road, Jowai.
The JSM urges the police of Khliehriat Police Station to take action against this incident, as the escape of such robbers is a threat to the residents of Nongsning and the district as a whole, concluded the statement. from this Seng.
There were 13 teams in the men's category and 4 teams in the women's category in the District Level Volleyball Tournament
It is true that as the days and years go by, the illegal immigrants who have been able to enter Meghalaya has brought great danger to our small nation. To prevent the illegal entry of other ethnic groups into our state is the Inner Line Permit Act.
The deceased was identified as Bah Koparsil Suting and the injured were identified as Parksiar Suting, Alberin Suting and one unidentified person.
However, Rathor was later crushed after being bowled for 47 runs.
Regarding the implementation of the 5th Pay Commission, Dr. Mukul Sangma said it has been handed over to the Finance Department of the government to look into the matter and they have been given ample time to complete it. but the government wants to implement it as soon as possible.
Therefore, these students have appealed to HITO Shillong city to help and on the 6th June 2024 the students together with HITO have met with the management of this health centre. .
Ardent Basaiawmoit asked whether the increase in price is due to extortion. The Minister said that the price increase is due to extortion.
“In the past, if we said that we are from Mawkhar Christian, even the students of schools like St Anthony's or St Edmund's were shocked because they knew that the students of this school were intelligent. and the strong in body," he said.
The areas affected by the fire were very old rooms covered with tin where all the papers, benches and chairs inside were burnt down.
“Today we have discussed the same issue and today it was a meeting where they informed us about the blueprint that they will send us and we will decide after the puja whether we will accept it or not. “It's a proposal from the State Government,” said Singh.
On the other hand, the village leaders from 22 villages have lost confidence in the Acting Syiem and his team including BK Syiem as the Adiviser and his people as the workers. house, because it is clear that there will be many corruption in the field of government.
Israel has grown and flourished as well today and has become one of the richest and most powerful countries in the world.
Before the election of the office bearers, speeches were delivered by these elders and women, who expressed their disappointment that the top office bearers of the HSPDP have not listened to the wishes of the HSPDP. I didn't give a ticket to Mr. Bobby.
Selukus Dhar (12), Emando Lalooh (23) and Rahul Pohtam (45) scored the goals.
The College of Teacher Education (PGT), Shillong today celebrated its 60th Diamond Jubilee at a function held at the auditorium of the college.
The BSF troops on receiving a tip informed the Meghalaya Police to raid a camp at the border of Silbari village, South Garo Hills and seized 22 muid.
Police have registered a case against the woman at Shillong Sadar police station under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Furthermore, Bah Gabriel urged the MDCs not to put the party behind them but to put the jaidbynriew first because the jaidbynriew is not because of the longtrai.
When asked how many places have been resolved by the Regional Committees, Bah Paul said he could not say how many places have been resolved as the discussions are ongoing.
Referring to the foundation stone laying ceremony, Dasakhiatbha Lamare said that the foundation stone laying ceremony was part of his dream to provide roads to those villages in need. Mawhati Constituency and who said that the roads to connect through the colored roads are essential and which is of great benefit to the people of many churches.
Perhaps that is why in my newspaper we have often seen false news such as the incident in Them Metor in 2018 and we have also published articles by those who used to steal from them. writings of others.
Fr Sngi, who is famous in Khasi Hills, is still called Bah. Why don't you call him Paieit?
He invited the Lyngdoh, the Longsan, the Rangbah Shnong Leaders and all the Rangbah Shnongs and Elders of the Raid to attend the Dorbar at 11 am on the 2nd December 2014, at Soso Tham Hall, State Central Library. , Shillong, for the purpose of informing, discussing and discussing the letters from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India and other departments of the Government of India, which is the continuation of the demand of the Hima Khasi States for the right to freedom of expression. the jurisdiction of the Trai Ri in accordance with the Agreement.
The winners of this competition will be able to represent the district in the tournament to be held soon by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Meghalaya, Shillong in the coming days.
To level the rights of all, the Supreme Court has allowed and legalized such activities.
The fourth species, which we call the mawshamok, is the most common in India, and is grown in Khasi-Jaintia.
The party urges the state government to speak and send to the Central Government to inform the special and great days in the state, as a sign of respect for the feelings of the people of the state.
His mother, Mina Marak, said that it doesn't matter what the police say, but the family members have seen signs that his death was due to torture.
There are also those who complain that there is discrimination, in Shillong (which is the Khasi-Jaintia constituency) they are not allowed, in Tura they are not allowed to do whatever they want and they are allowed to gather. The people of Meghalaya are not in the same state.
The same is true when they return from Guwahati.
He said the government should hand over to the CBI to investigate into corruption including ration corruption, corruption in the construction of the assembly, corruption in the social welfare department, smart meter corruption. and other corruption cases that have been exposed and said that it should punish those involved in corruption.
He said the government has worked to ensure that the benefits of various programs such as Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, National, Rural Health Mission, PMGSY, JNNURM, Total Sanitation Campaign and NREGA among others.
There are a few that I know of.
We will root out these problems so that they cannot spread in the society,” said Bah Wahlang.
“North Eastern West Khasi Hills should also get another block and Nongkhlaw is the right area to get it,” he said.
According to a photograph released by ISIS, ISIS members were seen cleaning the flower garden of the hotel, cleaning the grounds, and cleaning the doors. Two ISIS flags were erected in front of the hotel. In the media, ISIS planned to open the hotel on the night of the 1st and All Muslims are welcome to the hotel free of charge.
In West Garo Hills, there are six cases including five high risk contacts and one from Tikrikilla cluster.
Shillong, July 30: Employees of the Shillong Municipal Board have been stoned by robbers while they were on their way to demolish the Polo Market on the evening of the 28th July. SMB Shri Bijender Rai was seriously injured and was taken to NEIGRIHMS Mawdiangdiang. Police are investigating the incident.
The Chief Guest said that there are people in the society who look down on such blind people and often they act like they are stupid and stupid as if they don't want to get close to them.
Before climbing to the top of Sohpetbneng, Tymmen U San, had first placed a thank you at the gate opposite the Umiam Pond, where he had taken the rice, water and rice. to hold a thanksgiving prayer, as has been requested since the day of Shi Hat, Shi Taiew, for the completion of the rituals at Lum Dorbar Lawnongthroh, at Mei Mawbuh and at u Sohpetbneng, together with the king of Mawshun, to prepare the sharud shakiar for the soap, the sakai, the dani, the dai kot, the four-bniat, the four tyngam.
There is a lot of food in the area but there is no guidance on how to set up jobs such as Food Processing Units, because in fact if there is such a job, it is not only those who set up this job. “But even the farmers will earn well,” he said.
Ri Bhoi, as an Aspirational District, has a specific target to provide water to every household by October
On the other hand, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs, has expressed his deep sorrow over the insult to Tailin Lyngdoh at the Delhi Golf Club.
The meeting was attended by Government Officials including Project Director of DRDA, Bah Kharsati, BDO of Umling C&RD Block, Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, MLA of Umsning Constituency, Dr.C.Lyngdoh, elders and others. They included Mr. Min Makri, Chairman of Umling C&RD Block, Mr. Mayral Born Syiem, Mr. DD Lapang, Mr. Plielad Tiewsoh, Mr. BS Teron, Mr. Augustine Wahlang, Mr. Old men, women and young people.
This public meeting is scheduled to be held on 16.02.2023, at 7:00 p.
Shillong: The state government has seized the bank account of Asstt Inspector General of Police (IGP) GK Iangrai, who was arrested by the police in connection with the allegation of He was involved in the misuse of funds allocated for the construction of the NERSOSAPS facility at Sardar Complex.
The union strongly condemns the contractor in charge of this work for violating the Interstate Migrant Workers Act.
Is it because the father is happy or does he want to say something else?
On Tuesday, the High Court directed the State to submit a detailed report on the measures taken to address the shortage of electricity in the State.
Finally, the union will continue to oppose the proposal to implement the Aadhar number and NPR. At the same time, the union will take other measures if the district authorities continue to implement the Aadhar number. Aadhar and NPR in the district, he added.
This includes 7.5 kilograms of heroin in 2022, 16.3 kilograms in 2023 and nearly 1 kilogram of heroin seized in July-June
Greetings from Meghalaya.
In East Garo Hills, 2.9 hectares of farmland were damaged while others such as houses and other livestock were damaged.
"“Since 21st October, we have gathered teachers from all over Meghalaya and held a meeting at Malki and also held a sit-in in front of the MBoSE office for 10 months but the Government has not don't listen.
They informed that if anyone wants to donate to the school please telephone the Secretary of the school Ma Wadjingsuk Bïam through Mobile Number: teacher and school superintendent.
The NEIPF also re-elected Wellbirth Rani as Chairman of Shillong Chapter and Bipul Thangkhiew as Vice Chairman. FKJGP Asst General Secretary Kitboklang Nongphlang as Vice Chairman, HNYF President Sadon K Blah as General Secretary, FKJGP Vice President Eldie N Lyngdoh as Asst General Secretary and Augustin Sten as Vice Chairman. Dundee C Khongsit as the Speaker of the Forum, RBYF Leader Bah Wanpher Wahlang as Joint General Secretary and Bah Shanbor Rapsang.
However, she said that she has not received any information from the police about the incident.
Police said that the incident happened at about 8 pm when the body of u u was found by the residents of the village who tried to rescue u. He was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Nongpoh but was pronounced dead due to his injuries.
The Knock Out Football Tournament 2023 was opened today, July 15, 2023, organized by the Ri Khasi Social & Cultural Sports Club.
Whoever wins, they are the same no matter which party they belong to.
Nongpoh, June 19: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District today held a meeting to discuss the issues raised by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District. Notification of the KHADC prohibiting the Rangbah Shnongs from participating in political affairs.
“We urge the government to look into the decline in the market, we are now facing problems with the electricity bill,” said Bah Umlong.
“When they take any decision regarding the constituency, they don't have any information or consultation with me as an MLA,” she said.
NCB police have raided the vessel after receiving a tip-off that there was an intention to smuggle drugs into the vessel on Saturday evening. , where they found these people with various drugs from the ship.
Shim Kiri, the king of Khyrim, Sd.
Membership is done through Social Media.
Speaking to reporters, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that the rules of procedure related to the MTIP have not been in place since
