Then Bran led him from face to face...“Where is Pa...?” Rida asked again. “Ale...” He said again. Then Rida began to be afraid but she didn't dare to say anything because she had promised to go with him. he.
Why allow government employees to drive as they please? This traffic jam in Shillong has become a major task and everyone has to work together to improve the quality of the city.
In 2023, the championship teams for the Chief Minister's District Level Inter School Athletics Meet for boys will be won by Nativity HS School Mawkyrwat and for girls will be won by Nativity Higher Secondary School Mawkyrwat.
Although you have left, the seeds you have sown will continue to grow and shine in the fields of the tympan sur pring of the lyngwiar of love and soul of the Rympei Khasi"
Pala said that the introduction of the Prevention Act prohibiting public leaders from holding ar maloi is the Prime Minister's request to Pynshngaiñ. of Disqualification of MLA Amendment Act, 2015.
He said the central government will pass the Consumers Bill which will allow the public to lodge any complaints when they find or find goods from the market or shops.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the family members of the victim said that although the police have lodged a complaint, they have not done anything or investigate the case. They shall arrest the Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Dong.
The house of Kong Monlang Tangsang of Lumbyrhing was destroyed by the fire.
Nongpoh: A shocking incident has happened to a family in Umtrew Village in Ri Bhoi District.
The National People's Party (NPP) has strengthened its plan to form a government after four MLAs from other political parties came to give their full support to the formation of a new government. the state.
“I have also requested to meet the Defense Minister, Rajnath Singh regarding the proposed transfer of the Cantonment Board to the Municipal Board in the Civil Area. .
Speaking to the students, Conrad K Sangma said, “I can see the faces of your hard work and dedication and desire to do something and this is the most important thing in life. “The youth are the strength of the state and the country but there are still challenges to use the youth in various activities which are on the road to construction”.
Recently, the Voice of the People Party has also demanded that a special session be convened to discuss the roster system.
He has been invited by Welsh musician Gareth Bonello to perform with him at the Rajasthan International Folk Festival (RIFF) in Jodhpur (2022).
However, besides these, the beauty, cleanliness of the hills and rivers, the climate, the customs, is another part of the wealth of the Khasi country.
Nongpoh, July 04: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongpoh Circle has recently expressed its deep sorrow over the dumping of garbage in Nongpoh and in the garbage dumps. also to affect the health of the people.
Although the HNLC has remained silent, the government has not taken it stingy and has increased the traffic jams around the city especially at the entrances to Shillong.
“The meeting has decided to declare the market as a No Plastic Zone,” said Paul Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, Khroo L Pariat, Adviser of AJMM&WU (CEC) Jowai, urged all the day laborers to have unity to eradicate corruption. khwan self-interest.
There will be a training camp to prepare the team for the tournament, which will be held from 25th November to 3rd March in Shillong and the BCCI tournament in Gujarat. beginning April 8 to 16.
After a while, the victim was taken to Umsning CHC, but when he arrived at the hospital, the doctors at Umsning CHC, pronounced him dead.
On the same day, other programs such as Karol Competition, Food Fest, Awarding Ceremony for the winners in the fields of Social Work and Literacy were also held. Educator and Friend of Youth and Peace of the North Eastern Region organized by the Trust for the Advancement of Philosophy for Children of India and Christ International Senior School Nongsder, together with the Don Bosco Center for Indigenous Cultures, Don Bosco Museum, Shillong.
Even among ourselves, we feel that it is.
“During the examination period, the children have to get up early in the morning to get water and then they can prepare their books,” said a mother in the village.
We too as a nation strongly oppose this incident,” said Kong Snaitang.
The CM said that the MGMP will be an ongoing program and urged the singers and musicians to strive to improve the number of their fans and to spread the good news about them. social issues such as drug abuse, hygiene, environmental protection and others.
The story doesn't end there, the same man left early in the morning at about 6 pm to return to his family but unfortunately the traffic jam continues.
The CEM of KHADC said that he has submitted his resignation letter to the Prime Minister on 1st March.
Shillong, November 5: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has expressed its anger against the Governor of Meghalaya, V. Shanmuganathan, who has expressed his condolences on the death anniversary of RSS leader K. Suryanarayanathan in Tamil Nadu. There is no illegal immigration of Bangladeshis to Meghalaya.
Reminding the political parties like the Congress, TMC, HSPDP and UDP who are satisfied with the explanation shown at the meetings of the Government and all political parties, KHNAM said that these parties should Therefore, KHNAM requests the VPP to fight against the implementation of the Roster Reservation by turning back and its impact on those who There are many citizens who are looking for Government jobs in this State.
Sambor said he has five children.
Then, the JKMPHSSM beat Ten Set Secondary School, Sakwang 4-1 goals.
Regarding this damage to the farm of Kong Pyrtuh from time to time she has lodged a complaint with the department especially to the EE of PHE Electrical department to help do whatever is necessary but until now no In the past few years, the field of Kong Pyrtuh has been damaged because it is located in the riverbank of the dam.
We must know that if the Riti ka Dustur is violated as usual, it will undoubtedly affect the welfare, development and governance of the Hima as a whole.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA of Ranikor constituency has strongly criticized the two major parties including the Congress and the NPP. the National Party, because they have seen their evil in relation to the rule of law through their actions.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship (BSN) was held at the SAI Indoor Hall at NEHU on Saturday. bout from 13 competitive positions.
The UDP, HSPDP and NCP have not yet confirmed whether they will contest the bye election from the constituency.
Sadhu Sundar Singh was a pilgrim who longed for Righteousness, Truth and Perfect Peace.
Joshua D Kharkongor, who works for All India Radio, Shillong, lodged a complaint that on the 24th of this month, at 3.30 pm, police saw a drone flying around the All India office. Radio and they tried to drop it too, but they couldn't.
His latest film, Super 30, is one of the highest grossing films, having grossed Rs 140 crore so far.
Hadrian, in a statement today, said that the decision of the Syiem of Mylliem, was taken without any consultation with the Khasi District Council and it was the custom before the Syiem of Mylliem. take any decision.
Pynshngaiñ said the KHADC is now ready to appeal to the Supreme Court and its officers, Secretary, EM in charge of Finance Antonio War and Elaka EM Lamphrang Blah have been appointed. They have been in Delhi to prepare the documents and next month they will send the appeal to the Supreme Court.
The ceremony started today 23rd November 2019 with the “Sap Khoo Spah” followed by the knia ka khriam at the Langdoh's house.
In a letter to the Chief Secretary, KHNAM, Pyndapbor Saibon said that the party has sent the highest proposal for the inclusion of KHNAM members in the State Reservation Policy (SRP). you are enlightened.
Informing that the ECI has implemented the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) from October 16, 2024, the RO said the MCC has also imposed rules on political parties and candidates. political parties and candidates shall ensure that their supporters do not disrupt or disrupt the rallies or processions of other political parties”.
Therefore, this year, the theme 'facts, not fear', has encouraged us to think especially about the evidence of this case and not to spread false rumors or unfounded rumors. do not tell the people about this disease.
Thank you, Bah John F Kharshiing, Chairman, Adviser, Spokesperson, FORMLD, of the Federation of Khasi States.
The Hynniewtrep People Front of Ri Bhoi District through its President has strongly condemned the perpetrators of this crime and demanded that the police should arrest the perpetrators. and to punish according to law.
The letter said that as the government has agreed to implement the CUET from this year for those students who go to Under Graduate and Post Graduate, it should provide venues for the examination. , it is not that students have to take exams abroad.
No, it is the action of man through an evil tradition that can destroy a race.
“The striking teachers are free to meet me whenever I am available except if I am travelling abroad.
So far, there are 81,443 voters in Meghalaya aged 18 to 19 years.
During the visit, these groups who wanted to inspect the construction of the camp found that the gate of the camp was locked and they could not enter the camp. They started breaking down the gate and it was after talks with the police that these groups stopped and only held placards and showed signs against the casino in Ri-Bhoi.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 04: The increase in the price of copper rod, tin, prek and all copper products has affected the people especially in West Khasi Hills.
He also stressed that the government and the officers of the Civil Sub Division together with the people have to work together in order to improve the agriculture sector. Agriculture, Sports, Tourism and Education and if we can develop only these areas, the Patharkhmah area in Jirang will continue to develop in all aspects of human development. people, he added.
Shillong: Even after the signing of an agreement under the MOU signed on July 29, 2022 for the purpose of resolving the boundary of six disputed areas, one The village on the south side of Malidor wants to join the State of Meghalaya.
I don't think I'm going to take advantage of it because I'm poor.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that under Article 128, non-indigenous people have the right to elect leaders and even to contest the MDC elections. wants to ban foreigners by amending this rule.
Hubert Kharbuki said that the Eco Hatchery was implemented on the initiative of the NFDB, Hyderabad and has been given the technical specifications.
Shillong: There have been 75 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 28 recoveries have been made today.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that according to the information received by the police department, there are about 10 people from these two districts who have been involved in illegal activities to provide and distribute SIM cards to members of the SIM card. Pakistan's intelligence agency.
Wherever you go, you don't have anything, you live in the village and in the house.
TAFE – Tractors and Farm Equipment Limited, the world's fourth largest tractor manufacturer, has announced that it has appointed actor Akshay Kumar as the Brand Ambassador of Massey Ferguson Tractors.
S.Marngar said that he has received information that in the villages of Nongstoin Town Area alone, more than 20 pigs have died so far. .
The clashes between Bengali students and students from other states in the North East escalated when about 300 Bengali students attacked ICFAI Agartala on Tuesday. damaged residences and vehicles including a new Eco Sports and Jeep Compass of a student from Meghalaya and Mizoram.
This happened in the western part of Prachuap Khiri, Thailand at midnight, when the front of the bus was seen cut in two and destroyed after the collision. beat the tree that was on the road.
Ten others were injured and some of the survivors were seriously injured.
ai is a company that encourages people to become employees voluntarily or by choice, with the decision to open up opportunities to demonstrate their skills to work for 500 jobs. companies around the world by sitting down to work from home.
The elders of the village including Risen Lyngdoh Secretary Shnong, Khaiñborlang Jana, Overwell Rani and the women informed the reporter about the violence. They also showed evidence through documents and signs of his violence.
On Monday, 112 people have been confirmed with COVID-19, one has died, bringing the death toll to 1408 in the state.
The training on the first day included the training on the first day of the training. The training was conducted by Bah Donbok P.Shadap, Master Trainer & Field Coordinator-MSDS. The next day of the training was on Food Processing (Food Processing) by Kong Markynti Thangkhiew, Nano Entrepreneur, Art & Craft and Member of Lamlynti SHG, Jail Road, Shillong. Master Trainer Lifestyle – MSDS & President Iatyllilang SHG, Ri Bhoi District.
“Christmas and New Year is a time in Meghalaya for families to gather together to celebrate the birthday of Jesus Christ,” James said in a statement.
Look now in all aspects, while the income and employment has increased, the trade has decreased every day, while the paid trap and suffering has increased. There are thousands and thousands of people, but the 'eit Ksuid' (money) is still spreading only to a few people.
It has also been designed as one of the most beautiful tourist attractions, which has been named 'Mawkhongngoid Park cum view point'
The Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex has 3 floors and about 100 shops on each floor. If you count all the stalls, there are about 300 stalls. They have closed except for some of the open ones in the rooms of the complex, and at the top of the building there is also a parking lot which has been used only as a dustbin or garbage dump. toilet of the people which has also caused a terrible smell which can affect the health of the people.
However, on the spread of rumors that we will go here and there, we leave it to the supporters because all four MLAs have a close relationship with their supporters,” she added.
Mawkyrwat, July 16: The District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) of South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat today launched a special campaign to vaccinate children from birth to adulthood. T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
Jowai, Nailar 30 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held today at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
The Platinum Jubilee celebration was enriched by the children and youth of Khimusniang.
Darilin will be one of the leaders who will represent India among the five members from this country.
The farmers in these two days have suffered from unseasonal rainfall.
In 1991, according to the census, Meghalaya had 1,774,7
On this issue, the village leaders were also involved, who expressed their concern about the backwardness of this border area.
The Prime Minister has created a different development opportunity for the North East,” he said.
The most important need at this time is the unity of all without discrimination.
Large posters were also placed on the street corners, which read “The Duma will not only affect you alone, but it will affect everyone around you”.
The East Jaintia National Council (EJNC) has demanded that the law enforcement agencies should immediately investigate and arrest Vicky Dey who has allegedly used insulting words against the Khasi people and the residents of the state.
After the meeting, members of the RBDCA in the presence of the Vice President, Bah Kyrmenlang Uriah, General Secretary, newly appointed office bearers and executive members under the leadership of the President visited the area. The field is still under construction in Pahamsning.
Shillong: The JSU War Jaintia Hills District has arrested two foreigners who came to Nongtalang to smuggle weapons.
He said the Chief Ministers of four states including Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Delhi and Tamil Nadu have already decided to attend the meeting to be chaired by the Chief Minister of Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Delhi and Tamil Nadu. Nitish Kumar of Bihar.
He said the CEM had explained at the PDF meeting many of the schemes allocated for the construction of the Council such as the construction of the Kalong Bridge, the market, and other works of the Council.
However, the Assam police have forcibly arrested the two father and son and put them in a vehicle and taken them back to Boko for further investigation. Assam police in Boko.
The cause of death was Covid-19 pneumonia with ARDS and septic shock.
JOWAI: The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, who is the head of religion on Thursday morning, the second day of the Behdeiñkhlam of the Raij Jowai, performed the Knia Syiem Aitnar. It is believed that blessings will come to the village, raij and elaka as a whole.
The damage caused by the fire has reached T.10 lakh.
It is learned that Bah Michael Warjri will be buried on the 18th of October at 3 pm at Balakhwa village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that as the leader of War Jaintia, he is committed to improve the quality of education in these areas of Amlarem Sub-Division, so that it will benefit the poor and needy who really need assistance because they have times. that the students of the area are no longer able to study outside the District and also to other states of the country.
The HPC has admitted that the land in Them Ïew Mawlong does not belong to the state government, but to the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
He also praised the Meghalaya Early Childhood (ECD) Mission and said that the Government of Meghalaya has put forward this issue through a new vision.
The Vice-Principal respectfully informed them that it is a Christian school for the minorities and this demand cannot be made because the Constitution of the country has allowed the minorities of India to attend the school. right to establish and manage educational institutions at will and this right may not be exceeded.
The District Council has decided to appoint Bah Parlingdon Wanlah as the full Sordar of Mawsahew Elaka.
They are ready to apply for their own peace and leave the problems of the people behind for the sake of the nation.
“Thank you Lord for giving us a father like PA Sangma,” said Agatha while speaking at the funeral service for their father PA Sangma today at Dikki Pandi Stadium, Tura. Thousands of people from Garo Hills have been arrested.
The BJP MDC said the BJP has put in its election manifesto to set up a mini secretariat in Tura and wants the Government to implement the promises made to the people.
Nirbhay Sharma (retd.
The Elite Pathway Program (EPP) is also an important part of the STAR Programme, which was launched by the state government and implemented by the Edge10 Group, an Australian team together with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, to recruit and train to the riew donsap who are in the state.
He said that the state government has taken steps to find a place for the setting up of a waste treatment plant and also a place to dispose of these waste.
Of course it may be so but there will be many other evils that will grow after this camp has grown and developed and the time will come when as a nation that still knows the manners and dignity they will not be able to do so. ei ei more even if they are babe spirit.
On receiving the information, HS Shylla has written a letter to the Chief Electoral Officer, P Naik, saying that this is a violation of the order of the Supreme Court. whether the order of the Supreme Court applies to the department as well as to the officers and employees under his jurisdiction.
Your forgetfulness is not worth it, but you are proud.
I am sure that Mr. Francis voted.
“However, when there is a dispute, the chairman when there is a dispute, he does (to the opposition) and we win.
The youth, Aldrin Lyngdoh, wrote on his Facebook page that his owner did not help him during the 21-day lockdown.
Robert Wartde, the head of the family, has lost his father since 2017, leaving behind four children and his wife. The first child is 9 years old, the second child is 7 years old, the third child is 4 years old and the fourth child is 4 years old.
He said that the area has abundant resources of oil, natural gas, coal and oil as well as land used for agriculture.
It is impossible to know how big the give is and how small the take is for Meghalaya. Assam has started marking the new border by marking the trees falling within Meghalaya especially in many parts of the Nongspung Hima and elsewhere.
However, unfortunately, she forgot to tell and send food to the thlen, and gradually the thlen began to sprout and began to grow until it grew tall and later she demanded that the owners of the house they shall not offer human blood, but they shall eat it.
The same is true of Ri-Bhoi and the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Intelligence Police and Dog Squad from Shillong also arrived.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Chairman of the HPC, said he did not know anything about the relationship between IIT Guwahati and the two contractors.
There was a fig tree standing by the road where Jesus was walking.
However, the Commissioner & Secretary of the Sports Department, said that the stadium was constructed by Hindustan Steel Work Construction Ltd.
“Ka seng feels that as these are the jobs under the Government of Meghalaya, it should open first to the villagers of the State and not to all Indians and those from the North East. Eastern," he said.
Wilfredo Salvador, 62, suffered on the cross along with prayer, with a blue hair and a long beard.
First, T.13 lakh was seized from St. Edmund's College, T.1 lakh was seized from a vehicle from Mickey Dkhar from Khliehriat and T.1 lakh was seized from a vehicle. The money was seized from Nongthymmai and it was the money of Bah M.Wajri from Mawlai.
Speaking to Rupang, MDC of 1-Siju Constituency Kenedick S. Marak said that according to the wife of Boston Marak through a complaint, on the morning of 7th July 2020, two NPP MDCs were arrested. Benedict Marak, MLA and MDC, accompanied by Wagesik MDC Sengnal Sangma, came to their house and took him away.
Doctors could not confirm whether the patient had received the injection or not due to lack of documents although the relatives admitted that he had received the injection.
The film has grossed Rs 50 crore on its opening day and Rs 100 crore in three days of release and has now grossed Rs 200 crore.
They said that when they tried to ask, these foreigners did not give a clear answer where they were going.
manohi helped them rot.
They are fighting a chronic disease that we call cancer.
Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem on 9th October took over the throne as the full Syiem of Mylliem Hima in the presence of the three chiefs of the Hima.
These wild animals, including three adult elephants and two young elephants, were frightened after being chased away by residents from Bangladesh.
The Lamphang, who also saw that a government bus had stopped at the place as if blocking the road for vehicles, was very angry and urged the officers to take action. The driver and the bus for their rude behavior have affected the traffic.
Topcem Employees Association President D Malang and Assistant Secretary A Passah said they have sent a letter to the Senior President of Meghalaya Cements Ltd, Thangskai.
He said that the HYC is a group that prohibits its members from participating in politics, religious differences or beliefs especially the creation of regional differences among the children of Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : The High Court (DC) of Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the deterioration of the NH-6 which passes through parts of East Jaintia Hills District.
She said that she, together with the officers in charge of the Directorate of Dairy Development, together with the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher's Welfare Association, will visit the butcher's welfare association to find out the shortcomings. find out the facts whether the allegation of the village leaders is true.
Commissioner and Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, Dr D Vijay Kumar in the presence of District Sports Officer (DSO) Khroobok Passah, office bearers and members of WJDSA. EMH Passah, General Secretary Lammat Laloo and others.
“We have been very vigilant since the Sri Lankan attack.
Regarding the traffic, Mondal said, “At present, heavy vehicles will not be allowed to pass through the dam, as only small vehicles will be allowed to pass through this dam.
Shillong, July 10: The announcement of Bah Shibun Lyngdoh as President of the BJP in Meghalaya has caused a stir after the allegation that the BJP chief in Delhi, Nalin S. Kohli did not hold the election according to the party's rules to elect the President.
Dear Bal Lewis Pakma Network Rural Development Officer Apex Bank Meghalaya, JowaiKyndong TuberPIN
The Arya Samaj, who was specially invited by the hospital authorities, was also invited to hold the fire ceremony.
In this regard, the residents were urged to inform the village immediately if they find anyone selling and buying kyiad in the village by keeping their names anonymous and a buskit of up to 4,000 tyngka will be given.
The program was conducted by Kong S Iawphniaw in the presence of Kong VC War, District Social Welfare Officer, West Khasi Hills District. this is the program.
“The preparations for the 39th National Games have gone smoothly and there is no doubt about it,” he said.
Also present at the opening ceremony were Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin, Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA/MDC Mawshynrut, government officials, elders of the area and others. On this occasion, Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ Town Committee also handed over the garbage truck to the DC of WKHD who is also the Chairman of the Nongstoin Town Committee.
According to the opinion of many of the residents of the state, the graves and the introduction of the vacant camp is a threat to the families affected by it. called Tim.
It is true that in the countryside today, fertilizer is needed because of the poor environment.
Speaking at the 104th session of the Mann Ki Baat, the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on Tuesday praised Bah Brian D Kharpran Daly for his efforts to from Meghalaya for his contributions in the field of crematoria in Meghalaya.
Krishna Pandit scored the first goal in the 83rd minute from the penalty spot.
“BJP National President JP Nadda has been authorized to take a decision on this and in due course if this issue arises, that decision will be taken,” he said.
Teiñ said that not only these old MDCs are in trouble but even the current MDCs will one day become former MDCs because they don't know how long they will stay in their current place.
In Laitkroh C&RD Block, out of 31,176 registered residents, 3739 have registered which is 11.99%.
He said that the people of the North East have been very happy because before 1971, they gave land to the refugees from Bangladesh but before that year (1971), there was no land for them to accept. in the east because of the forced smuggling of Bangladeshis into the area.
The Jews had already rejected Jesus as their Messiah for more than 2000 years and now they had accepted another as Jesus said, "He (Jesus) came to his own (to the Jews), and and those who were his own did not receive him.
The Kur Lyngdoh Raij Raliang has inaugurated the hall with the assistance of the Forest Department on the 12th of November.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem has criticized the RTI reply of Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. Scheme from 2008-09 to 2014-15, Pynshngaiñ said that the RTI reply alleges that the work and money that the MLA has taken has not been done. fit perfectly.
This is indeed a barrier to the paradoh parasnam to get the opportunities to work, farm and trade.
The cause of the incident was due to the storm and the speeding, said a police source from East Jaintia Hills. The PWD Department and the Highway Department of the Government of India are responsible for the construction of the road.
The militants tried to take over the BSF vehicle but were prevented by the army and village authorities from opening fire.
The decision included the dressing of the daju Iewduh, the cleanliness of the market, the improvement and maintenance of the roads and others. About 10 MDCs attended the meeting. public in Motphran.
And Abraham took the ram of the ram which God had prepared for himself, and offered it for a burnt offering in the stead of Isaac.
New Delhi, June 21: The leader of the Islamic State (ISIS), who was seriously wounded in a US attack in October this year, has gained strength and has been able to survive. to continue his leadership within the group.
Dr Mukul said it is due to the lack of action by the central government that such incidents happen from time to time.
Besides, Bah Shangpliang said that the government will continue to work for the welfare of SSA teachers but the government also wants to see that education in SSA schools will improve in the coming years.
Mazizur Rahman Babhuyia, son of Mabasil Ali Barbhuyia, resident of Kachudaram Part-ii, was seized from the pla of a passenger. PS Sonai, Silchar, Cachar District, Assam.
Why do you count Khasi as your mother? A man who is a Khasi should recognize that his children will inherit their father's clan.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “The police investigation will continue and even if they suggest an independent investigation, the government will not refuse but will do whatever is necessary because there is no problem. to do what needs to be done.
The tourist taxi, driven by Bah Pyndapbiang Marwein, was on its way from Shillong to Guwahati when it was stopped by police. Police said that when they tried to search the vehicle, they found a lot of Ganja.
The Mawlynnong Run Safari 2023 held at Mawlynnong on the 16th (Saturday) was a lively and encouraging event due to the large number of participants from different districts as well as from the country. states of Jammu, Manipur, Assam, Chattisgarh and Bangladesh.
The first charge under Section 188 IPC is that they have disobeyed the rules and regulations imposed by the authorized government officials.
This song is sung by a riewtymmen without a chorus.
The Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, on Tuesday said that the Ministry of Sports and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) have launched a Lead Programme. selected and trained to prepare for international competitions and the Olympics.
Jyrwa said that the KSU has known since 2014 that the road to bring development in Wahkaji area is nothing but the intention to mine uranium. At that time, we went to preach around the area to explain to the people, but they alleged that the KSU is disrupting the development of the area but when they investigated later they found out that it is true. “Uranium mining road,” he said, adding that the tender in these days has clearly shown that it is uranium mining.
Shillong: A Night Super bus has caught fire at Ratacherra in East Jaintia Hills district this morning.
Pride goes before a fall.
Many think it is one of those newly designed cars with a Ferrari-like engine that is heard and seen in the city.
Hamlet Dohling, Minister of Urban Affairs, said that in July, there will be a meeting between the government officials of Meghalaya and Assam to discuss the border issue. and Sam.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) has informed the Mizoram Home Department, the source said.
The doctor was infected from a patient who was seriously ill at the Covid 19 Hospital and died after being shifted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Jha said in a letter that on 4th and 30th June 2013, the Governor's Office sought information related to the operation of the University without giving them enough time to respond. On 12th July 2013, he sent his approval to the State Government to close down the University.
On the other hand, the KSU has lodged a complaint with the police for the immediate arrest of these two foreigners involved in this incident. of work.
In a statement, Assistant General Secretary of GHSMC, Pamosh Ch.
“The Lyngdoh has asked for this money by claiming that this land belongs to the Hima, but the residents do not accept this because this land belongs to the Hima. In 2006, the land owners handed over the land to the village.
The Minister also stressed that the State Government is determined to address all the issues of the students and to urge the Central Government for them.
Based on this vision, the North Eastern Council, Ministry of DoNER has received 100% financial support to implement India's first 5G Training Labs and 5G Health Use Case Applications in all countries. five states in the North East.
There is no man or woman in the world.
If successful, it will open the door for other Premier League clubs such as Man Utd and Arsenal to sign Mbappe.
Denis Tynsiar is from Mawkhap.
The time came, “When the fullness of the time came, God sent forth his Son, born of a woman, born under the law,
If found guilty, the village will punish them according to the village rules and regulations and hand them over to the Government authorities.
“Corruption is an issue in which we have to go through one path and on this I have not been able to speak and I do not want to say anything.
She said that the guideline states that garbage, rubbish and lyngkhot lyngkhai cannot be thrown into the rivers but it is surprising that the guideline has been issued without specifying how far. from the edge of the Rivers buildable.
God visits in many ways, in storms, in thunderstorms, in floods, in earthquakes, in wars and pestilences.
Other speakers included Deputy CEM Remington Pyngrope, Executive Member Antonio War, Irin Lyngdoh, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Teilinia Thangkhiew and others.
It is the implementation of the largest farmers' scheme in Meghalaya, FOCUS.
However, there are only shortcomings because the MLAs do not work properly and do not raise questions which show the delays in the working of the government on many issues.
Deepak won the middleweight category 71-75kg while Lakshya won the light heavyweight category 75-80kg.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary of Raid Kongthong, Bah Stogent Lynrah and welcome speech was delivered by the Sordar.
Balkan Marak (Chipakkore) scored four goals in the 18th, 47th, 63rd and 65th minutes. Ranggira R Marak scored in the 80th and 90th minutes and Johnfield A Sangma in the 47th minute.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills on Tuesday issued an order that all shops across Shillong should not open after 10 pm.
He was the one who helped the farmers to market their produce at that time.
How sad it is that some families have to face many problems and do not change when their children become addicted to drugs.
Why does the MDA Government hide the reports of the Regional Committees and the Social Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) on the border issues with Assam? He also said that this Government is the only one who takes care of this issue and not others.
Speaking on the second day of the Budget Session, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that if the allegations of corruption against the government are false, “the government that the Prime Minister and the Union Minister should now respond strongly to the statements of the Prime Minister and the Union Minister, or by lodging a complaint against these two leaders for speaking against the something that affects the name and reputation of the state"
He said that out of these 18 pyrtons, the state has already received 3 pyrtons and these are now in the state.
According to the 2010 census, Meghalaya has the highest infant mortality rate in the region.
He said that the reason for his resignation is not because as a Khasi singer and filmmaker who has contributed to the Jaitbynriew he does not want to take part in any political party. and those who are sad about his resignation should not feel anything.
Shillong, Naitung 21 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday expressed his delight over the victory of the first indigenous woman Draupadi Murmu to assume the post of President of the country.
“Today we have done this and we will send it to the government to send it to the Governor,” said the CEM of JHADC. on this bill so that it becomes a law for local authorities.
The BJP and the HSPDP, which won only two MLAs in the 2018 elections, have now won two MLAs each.
It is learned that the incident of the collision was very shocking as even the face of the deceased could not be recognized.
He said that while he was in the Himalayas, he saw the damage to the environment caused by the heat of the sun from the global warming. shyiap and which also affects the cultivation of hills and agriculture.
The Army and Assam Rifles have released three Meitei youths after they were abducted by Kuki militants two days ago, a source said. .
Shillong, March 26: Retired IAS officer Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang today joined the Congress party and was welcomed by the Working President of the MPCC, James Lyngdoh. Referring to the Mawsynram MLA, Bah Shangpliang, he said, “In the last 40 years (the tenure of MLA Bah Pynshngain N Syiem) Mawsynram is just a snowstorm, you don't even see the MLA scheme,” said Bah Himalaya while speaking at the welcoming ceremony.
According to police, Ali was working under the GNLA Commander Philiport.
Those who are willing to donate in any way can send it to email: sainriti.2011@gmail.com or Whats App
The government wants the adhoc teachers to die as soon as they finish their teaching career.
Shillong, November 15: The state will receive assistance from Japan to improve the National Highway in the state, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today.
According to the wishes of the Sengbhalang, any person who comes to the state for work or other work or who comes to stay abroad must have proper documents which will be verified. that by the police.
What happened in 1972 when the employment quota was approved, no longer aligns with the realities on the ground in 2023.
In the morning, Kongthei Daplin came to Lanosha's house.
During his visit to the Orchid Water Sports Complex, the Minister inspected and discussed the needs of tourists and stressed the importance of cleanliness and then to take care of the river water.
Sidda, 76, does not carry a mobile phone when he travels and anyone who needs him finds it difficult to find out about his movements. and only those who know the number of his disciple can talk to Siddaramaiah.
In number shops in Shillong and elsewhere, it is like buying cigarettes or beer.
Speaking on the condition of the Mawphlang-Weiloi road, it has been very bad and according to the changing times, it has started to become congested and needs to be improved. Hundreds of vehicles pass through this road and it can reach thousands of vehicles not only from Weiloi but also from four constituencies.
“I came here not only for one day but it was extended because I want to go around the state to meet the youth to listen to their problems and aspirations.
He said that initially the Seng found that there were only three households who were still cultivating this plant in this village with the intention of feeding the pigs.
Furthermore, it is time for the school authorities in Khasi Jaintia Hills to introduce a more specialized education to the children, especially the subject of heroes, heroes and swordsmen. and poets like the nation have appeared, in which their bravery, the vision of the world and the words they have written in the voice of poetry, indeed not only touch the mind. When reading them, but it stirred from the bottom of my heart, to learn to love and correct one's own nation.
In Group-D, Bihar, Uttarakhand, Punjab and Mizoram are in the group.
Kunemiki Lato of Umshangiar Sports Club won the Man of the Match title.
We cannot just accept and make everything Meghalaya.
He said that even in the constituencies where the people did not think that the TMC would be strong, the party could nominate a candidate after listening to the report of those who entered the villages. .
Shillong, July 21: The North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA) has been appointed as the Convenor of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA). Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma on Saturday confirmed that the BJP will not join hands with other parties in the upcoming elections in the state.
MePDCL will continue to conduct surprise inspections in all villages especially at night and requested not only those who steal electricity to stop this illegal activity, but also those who misuse electricity meters to send for repair. .
“On the other hand, the policeman has given the reason that the police cannot register any complaints related to the illegal trade in coal because of the notification of the Mining Geological Department,” he said.
The National Test Agency (NTE) has decided that all students who wish to study BA, BSc, BCom in various colleges must take the Common University Entrance Test especially to enter central government universities. said Rinaldo Sangma, MDC of Rong Rong, North Garo Hills.
The Sordar Shnongs said that on the 12th of last month, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah D.Marweiñ MCS, had sent to the area to inspect the groundwater. The area from that area, to stop because it affects the water wells used by the villagers.
If this happens, the State will lag behind in the production of rice and fish farming.
A committee has also been set up to look into the expenditure and government departments have to follow the guidelines of the model code of conduct.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi on 23rd November, held a meeting to review the Covid-19 situation in the country, preparedness for work-related needs. treatment, the status of the vaccination campaign in the country and the emergence of new variants of Covid-19 and their impact on the health of the people in the country.
The approval of the name of Thangkhiew is in accordance with the recommendation of the former Chief Justice of Meghalaya.
After the Panel Discussion on the Reservation Policy, Dr. Batskhem Marboh, Spokesperson of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), wrote this article on his Facebook account. They came late on one side and too early on the other.
On the other hand, the two Rangbah Shnong and Secretary Shnong said that after meeting with the EE, they were happy because as it happened on that day, the EE came down at the same time. day to inspect this road.
At the same time, the JSM congratulates and calls upon the ADC of West Jaintia Hills District, MA Challam who is ready to come forward in any attack on the Jaintia people to stand up without thinking about their lives. yours.
The Israelites are now at peace, but they have sent their soldiers to attack.
The President of the Meghalaya Union (NSUI), Bah Bansharailang Pyngrope, has urged the relevant authorities to take action so that this does not happen again.
Shillong, Nailur 06: Although the BJP is not yet well received by the people of the state, it will be the party in North Shillong that will contest the 2023 MLA elections.
The CEM said there was no reason for the government to hold back the Bill which was passed nine months ago and should have been accepted.
It was also reported that teachers are also on duty to register youngsters who have reached the age of 18 years and above so that they can be registered on the Electoral Roll or to vote.
This is only for seven small areas with only 36 square kilometers between the seven.
Whether in Langpih, or in other parts of West Khasi Hills, Balakhwa or other parts of Ribhoi and Jaintia Hills, we see that they are acts of violence against the people. thousands of people, who are unarmed, but who are being killed from time to time, just because they don't own their land.
The Meghalaya government has immediately demanded an inquiry by the CBI or NIA into the incident and has informed the Assam government, which has agreed to cooperate.
The MPUF-EJHD, is pleased to say that if the state government is still requesting the Prime Minister of the country that the state still needs to extend the curfew, why has the government allowed vehicles now? Coal from Assam has been transported to cement factories in East Jaintia Hills.
“If you want the welfare of your sons, daughters and grandchildren, then vote for the BJP, not for other parties, which are run by families,” he said.
To mark the 50th Anniversary, the Director (Administration), Tura has announced programs including a PPL Presentation on the Milestone of MBoSE, release of a souvenir, information competition and other programmes. traditionally attended by children from different schools.
Along with the good intentions of protecting the people of India, there should also be a law against the authority of the Central Government to protect from the spirit of selfishness only from the country and to take care of the rural areas or even to the poor people throughout the land.
Many who have never visited the office hesitate to enter because they do not know whether it is a residential building or a government office.
Speaking to SP News Agency, he said that the Hima's decision to collect the tax in Iewduh is to free the people from being charged more than the price set by the Hima.
Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court and Patron In-Chief of MSLSA, Justice Sanjib Banerjee was the chief guest. High Court of Meghalaya & Chairman HCLSC, Justice W. Diengdoh, B. Mawrie, District & Session Judge cum Chairperson DLSA, Nongpoh, HC Lyndem, Director of Health Services (MI), Bah L. Lyngdoh, Director of Health Services (MI), Bah L. Lyngdoh, Deputy Director Social Welfare Department and other officers from various government departments of the state government.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has decided to close the dam from today due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid-1 Vinod Khemka, resident of B Khongwir, Dunhill Road, Harisabha Laban.
According to the ANVC map, the areas affected are those in West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi.
It is learned that the man robbed her from Amlarem and carried her in a car. At that time, he shot and bombed her until she sustained serious injuries to her body and body. The mother of the woman said that this happened on the 29th of November at 11 pm and a complaint has been lodged against the robber.
He said that the damage to this road has affected not only the people of the state but also the people of neighboring states like Assam, Mizoram and Tripura. He personally visited Lumshnong together with MLA Bah Shitlang Pale and held a meeting with the District Administration to resolve the problems faced by the people.
Regarding the recent order issued by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has strongly warned the village leaders not to participate in any political parties or to have anything to do with political parties. ), in which the Union feels that this understanding cannot be accepted at all and if so, it means that even the MDCs when they intend to contest MLA elections have to leave the They are like MDCs, because they work in the same job and also they are paid, but what about the village leaders, without salary but the District Council forbids them to participate in political activities.
Late Dr. Donkupar Roy, who was also the President of the UDP, won by 370 votes against Bah Leston Wanswet of the PDF.
When asked which party he will contest in 2018, Nehru replied that he has not yet said anything, as he is still in government, but on 15th November he will contest. “I don't want to say anything but on the 15th everything will be clear,” said Nehru. VRS and has already issued a notice that his service will end on the 15th.
“At present we cannot say whether the Secretariat will be closed or not,” said Bah Founder. He added that we will sit down to discuss this and we will call a meeting before the MDC elections. The Mawlai Secretariat, Bah Founder used to hold meetings to discuss the development of Mawlai and as a working place to meet and discuss public affairs.
Benedik War scored a hat-trick in the 40th, 43rd and 45th minutes.
These companies come from abroad and also bring in those skilled workers called skilled labour.
Other participants in the National Voters Day Run were Bah S.Marwein, MCS, BDO, Ranikor C&RD Block, Bah O.Passah, Superintendent of Fisheries, Ranikor C&RD Block, Bah S.Passah, Superintendent of Fisheries, A.Wanbah, Border Area Development Officer (BADO), Ranikor C&RD Block, Dr. WL Narry, Medical & Health Officer, Mawkyrwat Civil Hospital, and C.Ch.
In 2017, the Congress won the majority of seats in the 60-member Assembly with 28 seats and the BJP with 21 seats. The National People's Party (NPP), the Naga People's Front (NPF) and the Lok Janshakti Party (LJP) have supported him.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Polestar Nongsiej, candidate of the party, said that all the villages in the area are farmers and biscuits are the main crop of the party. ki, but when he arrives from time to time in the area, the biscuit farmers are shocked, because the market is not enough and they are overcharged by the buyers.
This is the plague of Egypt which God has sent and sympathized with in this age because the time has come for God to do so.
They also questioned whether the visit of Samlang Marbaniang to the area is for the purpose of construction of the road and if so, the relevant documents should be certified by the government. on this, because it was done without any consent of her and the landlord.
Shillong, July 19: The sudden announcement by the Union Government to recruit soldiers through the National Agnipath Scheme on July 14, 2013, has caused a lot of controversy among MPs, officials. retired soldiers or from those youth who intend to join the Indian Armed Forces full-time.
Jesus came to this world to bring truth and light to the dark world under sin and Satan, because born only once in the flesh they are still slaves of Satan and the truth is not in they.
“I passed the MPS examination and after passing I joined the police as DSP in 2004, I was finally promoted as Asstn.
Here we understand that Jesus is the one who is not in heaven with the Father (God).
Shillong: The Congress has done well in the Garo Hills District Council elections.
If you have a sign of syntu, you have to follow the religious customs of the village of Raij. If you have a sign of a khla, you have to see the Blai chiroop, you have to do the main pharang phalli, la mih. Then the heart of the king of Blai came to him.
“When they refused to sign the absence, they were warned by a person named Jebinstone Nongkrot who is a member of the VEC (Village Employment Council) that they will face problems in the coming days. They haven't been able to work since then,” said Kong Kharshiing.
It was then that Capt.
The MPSC shall notify the announcement of vacancies, review the applications, accept the applications, conduct the examination, call for the interview and that too depending on the availability of vacancies. pass.
Besides, as the leader of the area, she also met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong to urge them to take action on this issue.
Of course, I don't think I used the Jait Kmie, but now I don't support it anymore.
She said that the main goal is to reopen the Border Hat which is the heart of Riwar area and the source of income for many, to reopen the dewbilat factory and many other changes in Shella. Constituency.
In this case, the bill is based on Kilovolt Ampere Hour.
Ardent said that as far as we know, the fiscal year 2013-2014 is about to end on 30th October
However, at the time of writing, Ampareen has not yet arrived at the Circuit House.
He was wearing a blue shirt, a blue shirt, a white sweater with the words SPORT written on it and a blue pants.
The SP (City) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Vivek Syiem, has urged the hotel owners not to allow prostitution in their hotels despite the intention to promote tourism in the area. the state.
Isaiah, one of the greatest prophets, lived hundreds of years before the birth of Jesus to this world through Mary or Mary the Most Holy Virgin.
The National Action for Mechanized Sanitation Ecosystem (NAMASTE) aims to promote the use of machinery for the cleaning of drains and septic tanks and to protect the lives of those who work in these activities.
Recent research has shown that the combination of these organisms that control the spread of plant diseases is more effective against various diseases (such as fungus small in the soh pyut/mang-ka-riang/ksaiñ that looks like tall trees).
In addition, it is prohibited to use any propaganda and ceremonies by any political party or candidate near the polling station.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister assured the residents that the MDA government is taking steps to resolve the border issue and for this reason the government has already taken steps to move forward in this regard.
They were identified as Gopal Nath, Bisnu Das and Akash Thapa from Assam.
It was decided to set up Fair Price Shop Centers in each village rather than one village which causes problems to women, children and the elderly who eat ration to collect goods.
The FCI has invited for 19 Watchman posts in the office and in the resolution it has issued 57 candidates and out of these 57 candidates there is only one. Khasi youth at number 47 while all of them are foreigners from one Meena clan from Rajasthan. About 20 people have been named, besides Sharma, Kumar and Mondal. which angered the party.
Shillong, July 25 : The Edge 10 team in collaboration with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) has completed a live sports testing for athletes. 200 athletes, including nine from West Jaintia Hills District, have been selected for further training.
If anyone opposes the demand for justice and peace of the party, such people are no longer not only illiterate but also dark, prejudiced and hateful to the Khasi people.
Dubleen D Nengnong scored 33 runs from 55 balls but Rupabaiakmenlang L Mawlong scored 27 runs from 21 balls.
Four confirmed deaths have been reported in Delhi, Karnataka, Punjab and Maharashtra.
On the other hand, the Assistant General Manager of SBI, Garo Hills, Nixon Joseph, congratulated the Meghalaya Police for their efforts to release Kumar Manager of SBI. Huge.
He said what is needed now is to stop the fighting on both sides.
If any NGO makes a donation of money required to pass through the Prior Permission Category, it is prohibited to donate money to any NGO without the approval of the government.
In 2001, the Act was amended, allowing a Christian woman to divorce her husband if she has evidence of adultery.
Nongpoh: A young woman has died in a road accident on Umsning By-pass near Ladumpih village today, while two other women were in the same vehicle. , were seriously injured in the accident.
Argentina scored the second goal after Messi took the ball and sent it to Alvarez.
The KSU Umïam Circle today visited the factories in Umïam, and due to the presence of foreigners who come to work illegally without proper documents, the KSU It has received information that some foreign groups have come to work last night on Tuesday night. It has also conducted an inspection and found that there are many foreigners who have not They have proper documents and have not followed the rules by which they claim to be Indian citizens and can come to work in any part of India.
Jowai, Jymmang 29: The fourth round of the 7-Aside Knock Out Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Sports & Games Committee of Panaliar Village, Jowai, was closed today. A short meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong of Panaliar, Riquoma Rq.Laloo and a prayer was offered by Lamyooki Shullai. .
The group was led by Gagan Jain, a follower of Chintamani Malviya, BJP MP from Ujjain. Gagan claimed that the hospital had seized his land. , which is 4000 square feet.
NESO congratulates all the organizations under the umbrella of NESO who have worked hard and dedicated themselves to oppose this bill. NESO congratulates the various state governments of the states in the region. The North East who stood bravely against the Central Government especially the Meghalaya Government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma and the Mizoram Government under the leadership of Zoramthanga and various political parties, women's organizations and others.
They said that they did not want to break the cow into the river, because it was known that the cow was a cow from a distance and it was not possible to break it like that, because they did not know whether it was a cow. pain.
The rally will be called the Human Rights Day in Garo Hills.
When asked how he feels about the party's failure to form a party in the last elections, Bah Pangniang said, “Before we came out, we had two MLAs but they left the party and we didn't. “We have to start again without MLAs but we have got two MLAs. We will stand again now to strengthen the party and this is our duty,” he said.
I have seen the opportunity that the party has brought about the good and development of our state.
Please answer.
Mathew also congratulated the state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as Chief Minister for taking the initiative to hold this biggest tournament in the state which is also one of the opportunities for the youth. to showcase their talents in various sports.
Therefore, it is time to say that the wholesalers or the Supreme Court have more power and the Government should take action on this issue by choosing only friendly schools when providing MDMs and we the parents of We request the government to punish these distributors immediately so that this will not happen again.
Welcoming the HNLC's election and confidence in him, Sadon said, “I welcome the HNLC's proposal to appoint me to represent the HNLC in this peace talks. it is a very heavy work that has been done to me.
Due to the increasing demand for meat and meat products, the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department has successfully tried to breed HF breed cows at the Indo-Danish Project, Upper Shillong.
In terms of village administration, this area has not had a full-time Doloi since 1972 and at present there is only an Acting Doloi and this has created a big problem for the residents.
“This resignation of me and my team from the party is not a blind decision but on the right grounds because as one of the youths of Shella area who has a I am responsible for serving with a clean and pure spirit for many years. I have spent my time serving the area and the nation as a whole as one of the volunteers through the Seng Bhalang,” said Bah Bantyngshain Rynga.
The incident happened at 8.30 pm when the army heard the sound of a drone in the area and when they heard this they looked closely and shot down the drone flying in the area. border sections.
Furthermore, as estimated, from 2018 to 31st May, 2023, about 319 security personnel were killed.
Paul Lyngdoh said the party will select the best candidate from among the four or five candidates who have announced their names to contest the Lok Sabha seat.
Therefore, for this reason, they don't know how to use and abuse their rights as human beings and even the women who have become standard have forgotten this right of women. .
Phewse is not like that.
After receiving information from time to time to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare , Mirajune said that the ASHAs have also tried to meet with the Chief Minister and they have been scheduled twice However, before the meeting, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, was in trouble.
Ma Shyla said that the reasons for the failure of the factory have many reasons which cannot be blamed on one side, but both sides have to take responsibility.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: The Umsning Town Durbar today held a meeting to encourage the talented youth who have brought fame and glory to the community and the region through their great deeds. Samla Lapynshai Syiemlieh, who won the bronze medal at the World Championship Mauythai, was awarded the prize by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. International Federation Mauythai Association in Thailand which started on 4th June and ended on 13th June 2023 in Thailand.
The Dorbar unanimously approved the Elaka Customs and Regulations Act and suggested to amend the Elaka Customs Act so that it will not cause misunderstanding and this will be discussed in the current Executive Dorbar. They were sent to the District Council.
The meeting was conducted by the President of KJDSTA, Babu Kular Khongjirem in the presence of Khasi and English journalists among others.
The ceremony was held at Jowai, Nartiang, Dawki in West Jaintia Hills District and from East Jaintia Hills District, Durga was worshiped at Jalyiah from Khliehriat and Ladrymbai as well as at Umpleng and at the coal factories.
“On the UDP's demand to punish Bah Shullai, the BJP President said the party has not received any letter from the UDP on this matter.
Speaking on the border issue in the Legislative Assembly, Dr Don said, “Block I & II is in Meghalaya according to the declaration of the Assam government in
In his speech, the Governor included many of the issues of the government in 2023 as well as the issues that the government will continue to work on.
James said that the area at the RP Chest Hospital in Mawbah is very difficult, from the road to enter the area is narrow and which can cause problems later on. long, this place itself has become crowded which could affect the working methods of this college.
Nongpoh, July 16: The Union of Phra Shnongs of Pahamrioh Circle, has lodged a strong protest against the government for 10 months to take immediate action on the garbage dump at Umshangling.
In fact, there is a Mandal in Mawsynram and they should have passed through this Mandal.
These pigs were slaughtered near the church in the house of the believers near the church (the house of the late Erila, the house of Kong Kwes).
Expressing that through this festival, it will benefit the indigenous singers and musicians, Bah Paul said; “The musicians of the state will have the opportunity to participate alongside the world's leading groups.
The State Government today set up this committee and this was announced by the Chief Secretary Bah DP Wahlang through the Personnel & AR (B) Department of the State Government.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall has fallen in Sohra today, with 133.4mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm. , while yesterday, from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm, 194.9mm of rain fell.
These are the youngest children of the Government of Meghalaya from the Government of Cpt W.
Meanwhile, it was reported that the government has set up the Delimitation Commission after strong opposition from the people and political parties to the division of constituencies without following the rules.
Research by experts says that we should not believe in myths that are not true and they confirm through their research, they say that drinking water during the rainy season is very beneficial for the body such as headache, relieves body aches, cleanses the internal organs of the body, improves physical strength, and also protects against mental illness.
He said that the investigation into corruption will be the issues that the party will take up besides education, health and other issues that the party has promised to the people.
Shillong: A man from Chennai to Garo Hills has tested positive for Covid-19, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said on his Facebook page.
They seized trucks carrying sugarcane suspected to be coming from Guwahati for illegal smuggling to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The Joint Students' Movement (JSM) Central Body (JSM) has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District regarding the operation of the Assam Police Station at Pom Dkhar, Rtiang Sanphew, Saitsama. They said that this is the intention of Assam to seize land in parts of West Jaintia Hills.
Another beneficiary of the MIIS is Bah L Sungoh who said that there has been a delay from the District Transport Officer (DTO) office in Jowai to renew his vehicle licence.
The Chairman of the Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO), Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, said that the Minister of Home Affairs has betrayed the people of the state.
Prestone said the MDA government has also led MLAs to Delhi to meet the Union Home Minister to discuss the approval of the ILP in the state. and the allegation of Dr Mukul Sangma is baseless.
It is worth mentioning that the Rangbah said that their meeting with the Governor was on the grounds that many people have come to them to ask why they cannot pass or enact the Bill. VAB even today, it is on this basis that they come to ask for clarification and request from the Governor.
Pynthor opened the scoring through Chivalry Lipon in the 47th minute, but Nangbah Mooknor turned the tide through Heinidawan Thubru.
Shillong, November 13: The office of Rajya Sabha MP from Shillong, Kong Wansuk Syiem, has been robbed on Thursday.
Speaking to one of the relatives of the driver of the Alto, he said that he rushed to the scene after receiving information about the incident.
“Recently, the retired teachers have said that even though they have served for 30 years, they have not received their pension, but the MLAs who have been serving for only 2 years have received their pension,” he said. said.
The high content of sodium in milk and sugar can increase the amount of calcium in the body which can seriously affect the kidneys.
They have been in the city of Jerusalem for thousands of years.
At the meeting yesterday, there was a peace talk between the Assam Police and those Rangbah Khasi who were shot by the Assam Police. should receive medical benefits.
Before the meeting, the Chief Guest together with the leaders of the Dorbar also hoisted the flag and unveiled the memorial stone in front of the Iing Dorbar followed by the opening of the exhibition of old paintings and drawings in the seminar room. .
The purpose of the festival is to showcase the wealth of the state especially the discovery by scientists of the age of the stones in the state, since 3000 years, and they have also named this age of the world as the Meghalaya Age. Meghalayan Age from 3000 years ago to the present day.
We have put these in mind and we have taken many implementation measures that can reduce congestion and improve the beauty of Shillong,” said Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma while laying the foundation stone of the Wah Umkhrah Riverfront Development. Project at Polo, Shillong in the presence of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Snaiwbhalang Dhar and the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek.
kōje-re-kaei : which cannot be used to investigate.
Therefore, as the Khasi people, we need to preserve these, as God has given them to our children and ancestors.
Therefore, he urged the NEFA leaders to continue to hold such festivals every year, so that the people from different villages will be able to showcase their culture and traditions. naturalness.
The scheme is to be implemented in many areas of activity, from tourism, factories, agriculture, shops and others.
“We have plans on how to curb the entry of foreigners into the state, we will submit these issues to the government in the next two months,” said the general secretary of the HNYF, Bah. Sadon K Blah.
“According to the residents of Mailkhuli, the fish pond which was arranged to be handed over to Assam, is run by the Maikhuli villages themselves. “It's a bigger Lum Jingtep, because this Lum Jingtep in Maikhuli village is in a place that has already been registered by the village authorities of Meghalaya,” he said. u bah Basawiamoit.
In the 2nd Division, Kyrphei SC beat Perkseh SC 1-0 with Apbor Rynjah scoring the first goal in the 45th minute. .
“Although they have already appointed the President without consultation, but on my part, I have gone to request the President to resolve these issues in the party,” he said.
Human rights empower the people and these laws are enshrined in the UN Declaration for Human Rights and are still relevant today.
In a written statement, NESO Chairman Samuel Jyrwa said, “We have sent a request to the Supreme Court to intervene in the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, and requested the Supreme Court to issue an order to suspend the implementation of this Act.
The Meghalaya football team started its journey to the 37th National Games with a victory against Manipur on 31st March in Goa.
They were shown in the video that they had committed suicide by shooting themselves with a pistol in the head.
Shillong, Naitung 18 : Eastside Inn FT has won the title of the 2nd Lurshai Hynniewta Knock Out Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wapung Unit. The name of the king is Lurshai Hynniewta.
The school which received the rice is St. Xavier's Upper Primary School, Di Wah-Umoit.
Your statement makes me think.
In this match, SP Office won the toss and elected to tied first.
Contempt:- This we find in the Gospel of Luke 16:19-31, where Jesus taught us the parable of the rich man and Lazarus.
These posters were placed on wells, streets and vehicles around Jowai and Khliehriat.
These groups acknowledged that the introduction of the railway will lead to the illegal entry of foreigners and their demand is that the Government should implement the Inner Line Permit before starting this. you project.
Shillong, Naitung 29: People today gathered at the Soso Tham Auditorium to pay their condolences to the President of the People, Dr.APJ Abdul Kalam, who passed away on Monday evening in Shillong.
On the other hand, Ampareen's husband, Bah Fantin J Lakadong, who is also an MDC, said that it is not known how many people were involved.
The UDP also wrote on the post of MDC which the KHADC has approved for J. Reenborn while the GHADC has approved for Conrad Sangma and said that the government should accept the names of the candidates. in accordance with the AD Rules approved by the House.
U Bah Sawkmie said that at that time the forest was thick, but now it has become thick.
When the reporter had the opportunity to walk around the market, some of the traders said that the price of Khasi kwai has increased for about two months.
Furthermore, the AJYWO has requested the state government to implement the District Task Force in all districts of the state.
The football team of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mawlai has won the title of the 25th Anniversary Football Tournament of Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai after beating OM Roy Higher Secondary School, Mawlai. They won the tie breaker 5-3 in the final at the Mini Stadium, Phudmuri on Friday.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has sent a letter to the Chief Election Commissioner of India (CEC) to nominate the 18 MLAs of Meghalaya. Secretary.
Many of the houses built under the Pradhan Mantri Housing Yojana – Urban (PMAY) use electricity in a sustainable and efficient manner.
We live in an age of knowledge, an age of science and technology where knowledge has advanced tremendously, but man is still under superstition.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, on Tuesday said that the State Government will support the research, development and promotion of village languages ​​by providing financial assistance to researchers. writers and authors.
When asked where the Max vehicle of Jeskalur is and where the vehicle of the Prime Minister is, the SP said that the vehicle of Jeskalur is in the hands of the police while the vehicle of the Prime Minister has been seized. When asked where Jeskalur is, Kharkrang said he is under investigation by the Additional District Judge.
However, the BJP is still talking badly.
Kharpran said that there will be 13 weight categories for the tournament, and some of the winners include Amit Phangal, u Dipak and from this state, Bah Larry admitted that there are some of the best players who will compete in this competition.
Grace's remarks came after the strong opposition of the Hima Mylliem at the Dorbar of Ministers and Chiefs of the Hima Mylliem held yesterday at the office of the Hima Mylliem in Mawkhar, Shillong.
The bodies of the four workers were identified as Harkeshaar Boro, 35, Balen Borali, 42, Takeshwar Kumar, 22, Kanta Boro, 25 and Bulu. Boro, 32, from Baksa District, Assam.
Santa Mary Shylla, together with the party office bearers, encouraged the people not to be discouraged and not to lose hope, not to doubt and said that the party is still strong. as usual.
“We will think about how to move forward,” said Teinwel.
Shillong, June 20 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew and former Minister of Sports, on Tuesday said that the availability of football training centers for boys and girls under 12 years of age or Football Grassroot Centers in the area They have been a great help to the youth to get training and lead to major academies and clubs not only in the State but also in other states of India.
To promote tourism we must protect the environment and keep our villages clean”.
Then the people who used to eat pork bought pork and those who used to eat beef bought beef and those who used to eat cow meat and I don't know how they did it.
In Iewduh, too, there are only a few shops selling and the reason is that it is not available in these markets.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that the leaders of the GHSMC and the HSPDP party will work together to set up a Coordination Committee to move forward with this. demand from the federal government.
“As a leader of the people, we should be ready to serve in any position,” said the Mylliem MLA.
From the Kur Lamin came the houses and Kpoh such as the Amdep, Doloi, Dumai, Jat, Jui, Lang, Shnga, Sah, Dew, Dang, Dang. Ot, Lamb of Diat, Lamb of Hiah, Lamb of Luh, Lamb of Syi, Lamb of Kyrnuin, Lamb of Nong-Lamin, Lamb of Mohrmen, Lamb of Mesni, Lamb of Nongrim, Lamb of Mar-ria, Lamb of Nai, Lamb of Pohlynjar, Lamb of Pohduna, Lamb of Kyrnuin Pohchen, Pohsnem, Phup, Pyndang, Rhoh, Rymbui, Roman, Wanpiat, and others.
Bantei Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 58' and 65' and Hanson Pdang in the 70' for Diengshynrum.
He said that the intention of the teachers and the university as a whole is clear and they are ready in relation to the implementation of the NEP. The Vice Chancellor of the NEP, on the other hand, said that there is no misunderstanding or confusion as these have already been sent in writing.
Both the teams tried to play hard from the start.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : The Ministry of Finance today approved a number of measures related to the welfare of agents and employees of the Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC).
KHNAM has also made it clear that it wants candidates who are determined not to join the party when they are elected from the party.
In another match of the 3rd Division, Lamlynti beat Madanrting 1-0 with the goal scored by B Rapsang (51).
The three houses which burnt down include the house of Samuel Wanniang from Umwali, Sminglang Syiemlieh from Umbyrsit and Everless Kharsyiemlieh from Umbyrsit. Mawsikar village in Langpih district.
Maharashtra has reported 3,607 new cases and 152 deaths, bringing the total number of cases to 97,648 and deaths to 3,5
According to the view, this may also be due to the distribution or delivery of development schemes to the villages or households.
The nation needs more workers in different fields.
He said the NPP-led Government has taken steps to build a Block Office and a Civil Sub Division.
Christians are also called in the Bible saints (I Cor 1:2), brothers (Gal 6:1) or children of God (Gal 3:26).
Nongstoin, July 14: The number of employees in the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in Nongstoin has decreased significantly in the last three years.
To raise awareness among the public about the shortage of border troops, the Border Security Force Meghalaya has launched a program to assist the people living on the border between Meghalaya and Bangladesh, including the provision of treatment to the sick and you can take medicine ei.
He said that the office of FEDCO Ltd.
In Phulbari Constituency, Police recently conducted a Flag March after a clash between supporters of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) and the National People's Party (NPP) last night. 7th of this month at Charbatapara.
The group accepted the proposal of the Chief Secretary and agreed to monitor and meet after the elections before going back to other higher authorities.
In 2002, he received a scholarship from the Green Chimney's Children's Fund, a scholarship only for those under the age of 21 years. He was allowed to go to the United States and his scholarship expired as soon as he turned 21 years old.
Life, the soul, is the most precious thing in the world and in the Kingdom of God.
Shillong, Naitung 28 : The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) through its President Bah Lamphrang Kharbani has donated football jerseys to the Kut Sports Club.
“We told him to carry a mobile phone so that it would be easier to talk when he needed something at school but he didn't work,” said Bah Basaiawmoit, father of the youth.
The CSWO said that no photographs were taken in any way and the suspension of the two policemen was only a formality.
Shillong, March 20: The Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) has launched the Clean India Program in Shillong, Meghalaya as part of its 10-month Swachh Bharat campaign across the country.
In the old battle between David and Goliath on the battlefield, David said – “I come to you in the name of the Lord, the army of God, the army of Israel, whom you have blasphemed.
Rgh.Skor Jala as the leader of this group urged all the riewsieng, especially the leaders and youth organizations to come and attend this day.
He said that the surprising thing is that the Khasi in the area, if a fellow Khasi goes to farm in any land where no one has ever farmed before, there is a lot of conflict because of the ownership of the land.
The Special Operations Command of the US Air Force says eight US Airmen are missing after a CV-22B Osprey crashed outside Japan's Yokota Air Base on Friday. .
Wankit sent his resignation letter to the President/Secretary of the KSU Central Body.
Pynter, Siatbakon and Nongshyrngan are the new villages under Nongshken.
“Even though we have qualified for the MSL, we are not satisfied with the management of the MFA because we have played only five games.
Meanwhile, Anand Singh Chauhan, PD, NHAI Shillong, after accompanying Bah George B Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, during his inspection of the collapsed parts of the Dwarksuid Bridge, said: It will take up to 7 days to repair these collapsed parts of the bridge.
The EC led by Pyniaid Sing Syiem as CEM of the NPP, is ready to rearrange the constituencies to accommodate the large number of voters and to move them to the constituencies with the fewest voters.
This goal of the organization is to be achieved through the hard work of all in the organization.
In any part of Assam, no jhur exceeds 30 Tyngka per kilo.
Is this just an emotion, we cannot say that there are many such people, but there are others whom the Creator has touched their souls and especially the conscience has affect their thoughts.
The recruitment of students from the state except for Science and Mathematics books requires a close cooperation between the State Council and NCERT. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Dr. Shangpliang.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Shnong strongly condemns this misuse of the money of the people and demands that these quarters should be demolished. They have become the homes of criminals who commit crimes and they will also talk to the health department officials to look into these problems faced by the residents. .
She also honored two women runners who have brought glory to the community, the country and the nation as a whole, Kong Kmoiñ Wahlang from Shngimawlein and Kong Snora. Lyngkhoi is from the capital.
Shillong: The National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday welcomed Embhah Syiemlieh and his team to join the National People's Party (NPP). NPP candidate from Mawlai Constituency.
Where is the Jack Fruit Mission launched by Chief Minister Conrad Sangma 2 years ago? it is the time of harvest now.
“In fact, the ID card should be to identify the Waheh Shnong, but in this case it is the empowerment of the Waheh Shnong according to the The Jurisdiction of the Dolloi, Sirdar and Waheh Shnong Act, 2015 is void.
But after a while the old woman came to remember the appearance of her son and from the maia as a mother she remembered her own son.
The members of the Executive Committee include Dr. P Nongtdu, Principal, Jamphrang Lyngdoh, Deibormi Nongpoh, Gerald Max Phawa and Sevendar Dkhar.
Hezillina T Sangma, Head Teacher, Akkonggre Govt.
New Delhi, July 9: Shutosh, who is also the Managing Director of Hindi news channel IBN7, today announced that he has resigned from his post as a journalist.
Tuna is a fatty fish that appears to be low in fat and calories.
On the closing day of the programme, the journalists and the Parliamentary Secretaries of the Lok Sabha also received explanations on many issues required in the House in relation to various rules.
As purchased by Satnam Global Infra Ltd.
“In the Congress, besides receiving assistance and development projects, we need to think especially about the peace and stability of the country and the people.
Chopra took part in the same domestic event on 17th October 2021, where he won the gold medal in the 87.80 metres.
Thugs of Hindostan has grossed Rs 52.25 crore on its opening day.
The Basan of Raid Nongkseh and Hima leaders on Tuesday refused to discuss the matter with the Prime Minister after the Prime Minister said that they had not given any information. to meet him.
He said that as a candidate for Pynthorumkhrah, he puts forward the welfare of the poor and workers as well as the school children and to establish a college to provide services to the students who come from the homes of the people. you don't have to get a book.
The MHRC's request for clarification is based on Article 21 of the Constitution, which stipulates that every citizen has no right to deprive himself of his human rights, except not only the authorities, as stipulated in the laws.
One of the clearest examples of the slowdown in economic development in our state is the lack of air transportation.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,433, of which 945 are in East Khasi Hills alone and 764 are from the public.
This disaster which affects and upsets all the tourists also affects those who come from Ri Bhoi as soon as they reach Mawiong and Mawlai.
“This incident has caused the residents to be in shock, and this has also caused the residents to strongly condemn this act of violence by the BSF,” said the KSU leader. He said that the BSF's violent activities have also occurred through many acts of violence, including unfounded investigations, frequent searches of vehicles and intimidation of the villagers. and the people of the city were greatly afraid.
Many farmers who spoke at the meeting expressed their strong opposition to the government's plan to abolish the MRDS. Through the MRDS, the farmers will be able to learn more about other issues that the government is implementing.
The Minister of Domsohkhai Village said that the village headmen have already informed the wildlife department many times but this has not succeeded because they don't have a single officer to come and inspect. shondur land and households that have been destroyed to provide assistance, but the farmers do not want the money because they know that the government can not provide according to the destruction of crops and households.
The FKJGP has made this demand after a woman named Balari Lyngdoh, alleged that the Ganesh Das Hospital did not accept her on the grounds of lack of medical equipment, which happened on the night of the 2nd of this month. June.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Opposition today strongly criticized the State Police for their robbery and excessive use of force in connection with the protest at Thangskai on the 24th of this month. meeting with Seng HITO on the 4th of this month.
“The government wants the people to get clarity on this issue by appointing this independent commission of inquiry to get clarity so that there will be no more doubt and the government will. I don't know if you're going to be able to do that.
The High Court has also asked for a report to consider whether there is any issue with the release of garbage.
According to a statement from Dr. Marc Nongmaithem from NEIGRHIMS who leads the parents, the competition was held on the 14th of November at NEEPCO, Shillong. The winners will be eligible to compete in the drawing competition to be held on the 14th of this month in New Delhi.
By forgetting that there is no seed in the woman, she gives birth to African, Chinese and Saheb children.
Speaking to media, Bah Renikton said that at the first meeting of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills, these villages which were not included in the border talks with Assam came to inform about the issue. The committee has also discussed this.
England have been scheduled to play more Tests during the tournament, up to 21, while Australia have 19 and India with 19 matches to play in the next three days as scheduled.
Since 2004, it has been the oldest NOC in Jaintia Hills. Besides, NOCs have been issued in Sutnga District in 2008, 2018, 2019, 2020 and
Timothy said the NPP will contest again with Agatha for the MP seat in place of Conrad K Sangma.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The District Council Court, Shillong, in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority, has scheduled to hold a Lok Adalat at the Garikhana Shillong on the 21st of this month. 2015 (Saturday) starting at 10 pm.
(Moral) Mahatma Gandhi, as one of the great thinkers, said, "The goal of education is the development of a good life.
The competition was held at the Eastern College Hall.
Perhaps they will find other ways to do more for their husbands.
On this occasion, he said that this section of the road has caused heavy traffic jam in the area from Nongthymmai, Madanriting to Mawblei to Laitkor.
Regarding the death of a child born in a car and the death of a man in a car accident at Sohwanthiang, u Bah GNS Myrthong, one of the elders of Mawlangkhar village, said in a statement. The reporter said that these incidents have caused thought and concern not only to the elders but also to the residents.
“Whether it is corruption, corruption, discrimination, robbery or vote bank politics to undermine the development of the region, we work with dedication and right to eradicate all these evils, " he said.
In the first leg, Rising Mukhla beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 7-1. Rimi Pyrtuh scored the goals in the 30th minute, Phrangsngi Challam in the 35th minute and Rising Mukhla beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 7-1 Chembun Suna scored three goals in the 40th, 43rd and 46th minutes and D.Nongrum scored two goals in the 52nd and 56th minutes.
He said that this situation in Jowai has caused him to face severe criticism.
On the way home, his friends were surprised and impressed by the wisdom of Bah Shanbor.
L.P School Namdong.
On the other hand, HS Prannoy lost in the first men's singles match to Meiraba Luwang Maisnam 19-21 18-21 in the 55th minute.
The training program was conducted in collaboration with Kynshewlang Self Help Group, Sohiong.
On the 14th March, 2022, the State Government passed an Ordinance to repeal the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 after receiving strong opposition from the people.
However, making money and trying to attract billions of dollars to the film industry are some of the goals that many film producers and billionaires are looking forward to.
Shillong, Nailar 05 : The Village Leaders of Mawkynrew District, on Tuesday, 03rd Nailar, 2023, together with the MLA of Mawkynrew District, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, have decided to Mawkynrew Tourism Social Society (MTSS) to promote tourism in the area.
There are also some of the people who have been taken to the border area, but there are some people who don't know who they are, who have been forced to leave the border area by Assam.
The subjects taught by this school are books written by Khasi writers such as Babu Jeebon Roy, Babu Sib Charan Roy, Babu Radhon Singh Berry and others.
The Bharatiya Kisan Union was formed in 1987 during the farmers' protests against the Uttar Pradesh government at Karmukheri in Shamli district at a meeting of Mahendra Singh Tikait. , two farmers were killed in police firing.
NONGPOH: The Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) Central on Saturday honored 26 students who passed the SSLC examination in Ri Bhoi District.
The film will be produced by Daniel Film Production in collaboration with Shipara Film Entertainment and Namphang Art Entertainment.
Shillong, October 03: U Bah Kynsailin Kharphanbuh, resident of Lum Mawbah, Block-3, Upper Shillong, has gone missing on October , 2024 from 11:00 pm and has not returned home till today.
Arvind Kejriwal has been arrested on October 21 by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) on charges of misappropriation of wealth arising from corruption in the Excise Department. This prompted the court to remand him in custody until 15th June.
They are good for the health of the mouth because they not only fight against tooth decay but also help prevent tooth decay.
The first phase started on 15th June and ended on 29th June while the second phase started on 20th June and ended on 1st July.
In the complaint, Kong Agnes said that Bah Syendro Sawkmie, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngngia, Bah Jlandar Ryntathiang, Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngngia, have conspired to deceive the government and the people of Wahlyngngia. the number of residents and households in the village just to get more ration, wheat, sugar so that they can corrupt.
Whoever helps each other Wymtad hands tad kjat cha cumin tidiang.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 8: Several youths of Langshongthiang village, one of the villages in Jaïaw Shallang area of ​​West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's failure to provide The Sub Center has not been built in the village, even though it has promised in the past and the land has been allocated.
After this incident, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, in a meeting with Samla Vincent Makri, General Secretary, demanded that the district authorities as well as the KSU authorities should take action against the victims. (KHADC) to take immediate action against the destruction of houses and shops by the Assam police as admitted by the Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara that they are still within the border of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah BJ Kharshandi as the chief guest congratulated the Mawtneng Village for taking the initiative to build a village pond which can also be turned into one of the tourist attractions. ri dohkha and it is for this reason that the government has selected this village to receive this scheme through the Amrit Sarovar to improve and beautify this pond.
She said that the media has an important role to play in announcing and spreading the message on how to avoid this disease and to free the people from misunderstanding.
He said that during the visit of the Chief Minister of Assam and the CEM of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council to Shillong recently, they discussed this issue and it will be brought up again at the border talks to be held in April. to take a decision on how to proceed, and after that he will also meet with the people in the border area.
News published in the National Media on the Karnataka Medical Bill,
The mid-term MP election from Tura has been held after the death of Tura MP PA Sangma of the NPP on 4th June.
MPCC President DD Lapang said, “We may have differences as a big family but we are one”.
It's a political agenda.
Speaking at the meeting, the Sohra MLA stressed on the need to divide the East Khasi Hills District as it cannot be looked after by one authority as the population has increased from time to time. for.
Saleng said the work of the Congress-led government in Meghalaya has been slow and the government has not been able to maintain peace and order to protect the people.
Perhaps in a special field of literature, it can be used in a different way.
Their ceremony was completed without any interference and after that they left the venue in peace and order as witnessed by law enforcement personnel.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and short. so that the writing may be complete.
Rostar Marbaniang said that the two injured, who returned to the village, said that the truck, in which they were riding, should have overturned at Mawlangkhar, about 17 km away. It is located 10 kilometers from the village of Nginiong.
Tura, Naitung 15: The Garo Students Union (GSU) has expressed its strong opposition to the contest of non-tribals in the elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC). The party said that according to the Sixth Schedule, only ethnic groups can contest MDC elections and not other ethnic groups from abroad.
Not only that, it was also reported that Sail had signed 8 to 10 pages of kotsada, which was sent by Sameer Wankhede.
To keep Christmas in your heart, you have a place in your heart for the Son of God.
The commitment is that economic development will be inclusive and sustainable.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 28: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has received an RTI reply from the EE PWD office in Mairang on the construction of the 2 km Mairang Bye Pass road. RLT Construction, as the Seng has seen with its own eyes the condition of this road and as of now this road has started to collapse and collapse almost everywhere.
Abhay Choudhary, Executive Director, unfurled the tricolor flag at the office of the government department in Shillong.
The SP of West Garo Hills, Dr. MGR Kumar, said that the fire broke out in the house.
It is impossible to mention the appointment of heads of education departments or schools which are often seen by officiating from District offices to Sub divisions or heads of government schools.
To provide for a family does not require a person to be famous.
After that, the Expert Committee will receive proposals from all political parties and interested parties, KHNAM President Thomas Passah told reporters.
VO President S Ryngkhlem welcomed the members of the VO, the members of the SHGs and the members of the Shnong.
Despite these turmoil, the BJP leaders in Meghalaya have remained silent on the issue and have not taken the initiative to comment on the matter after attempts to get answers from the media.
He is 54 years old and is the son of L. Tamon Passah and Emilin Rymbai, and husband of Elmila Kynjing.
In Zone 2, Tura District CA will play against East Garo Hills.
Sharan in his post, said that not only at the school where Sumera is studying, but also in the whole village, the people have said that he will not reach anywhere when he Shillong, July 13 : Tushar passed IAS in 2012, after completing his BA and worked as a teacher before contesting the UPSC examination. Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on Monday said that he doesn't want to look back or even remember what happened before the 2018 elections which led to the fact that Bah Remington Pyngrope will have to leave the party. “I don't want to turn around why it happened, what has passed has passed, I don't want to remember it because I have a heart attack.
“If there is any sign against the community, the government will not hesitate to cancel the MOU with the KPC Company to build the Shillong Medical College, but now we still need to send the “Investigate to find out the truth about this charge,” he said.
The person is in isolation or quarantine, he said.
The ceremony was led by Prof. Annette R. Dorphang.
Kamrup (Metro and Rural) has 44 cases and the total number of cases so far has risen to
This property covers approximately 7 acres.
If a person dies but the memory goes with that spirit, because on the day of judgment, a person will remember the deeds he did while he was alive, good or bad, because of God. he will remind the memory of man who does not remember what he did while he was alive on earth because man will have to give an account on that day of judgment of Jesus Christ.
According to investigation, the mail was sent from Morguelol545@gmail.com and admitted, “I have already planted bombs inside the courts of all over India.
Guwahati: Assam MLA Akhil Gogoi today became a free man after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) dismissed the complaint against him. the second, which is against him.
To conduct skill training for youth for various jobs.
Dorothy Roy Tariang has completed her specialization in Human Resource Management.
Nongpoh, Naitung 29: One day after the Assam government through the Department of Transport (ASTC) suddenly destroyed the houses of the residents and also to block the public road by planting boundaries at Khanapara, today, the residents of Nepali Sahayogi School, with the support of the KSU Northern Border Area and KSU North Khasi Hills District, held a rally carrying placards and banners. , as a sign of strong protest against this attack by the Assam government.
“We the NPP MDCs have not opposed but we have decided not to go to the Court through the District Council because the Council does not have the documents but the Hima has them.
In a letter to the Syiem of Myllie Hima, the Jirang MLA said that he has received information that there are robbers in the areas including Umlathu, Umsen, Nepali Basti, Nagrabil, Pillungku A&B, Lalmati, Jyrmang, and other villages have sold the land of other owners to Deilang Shirup without the knowledge of the neighboring land owners. the land owners and the village as a whole and undoubtedly it will also affect the agricultural land of the villagers.
He said that many times the desire to steal our wealth to the destruction of the environment has led to the shortage of water supply. He also expressed his regret that 2 billion people do not have access to water. When will we humans understand the uniqueness of preserving the environment and if we only want the present and we destroy the environment how will their future survive and where will they get the sources of water that are which are not used.
Shillong, March 11: The Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong has won the title of Choir Competition organized by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE), Tura as part of the celebration. The 50th anniversary of the education and examination institution in the State.
The Round Table India (RTI), a youth organization, has identified 5377 classrooms in 2172 schools at a cost of T.180 crore and benefited them. 60lakh students.
Not that in other two hours, three hours and in the countryside five hours which is four or five times more than in the city.
It is surprising that the Home Minister, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, has tried to cover up the smuggling of coal by saying that the coal mines are located in Lawbah Lawsan where the police have to go. walk for 7-8 hours to find them.
Applications are invited from the candidates who are citizens of India for appearing in theto be conducted by DERT onThe candidate should not have crossed(candidates) as on the first day of the first month of the year in which the advertisement was made.
At the meeting, he also expressed his gratitude to the MIDC for completing the work in relation to the issuance of land titles in a very short period of time and without delay.
Dilip Mukerjee, a writer at the Buzan Centre, on education, said that many students are expelled from school and are not allowed to write examinations just because they do not have to pay. that school fees.
Shillong, Nailur 23: U Shri Rotish Ch Rabha, District Sericulture Handloom and Weaving Officer, has been seriously injured after being thrown by a stone from his neck at Khyndailad this evening.
He was re-elected in 1998, 2003 and
Pohsna said the people of War Jaintia support the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state as demanded by the political parties in the state. fulfill this wish of the people without delay.
Shillong, Lber, 7: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday handed over the appointment letters to 425 newly recruited doctors including Junior Specialists, Medical Officers and Dental Surgeons who serve in various health facilities in the State.
Gadkari said vehicles using ethanol, methanol, bio-fuel, electricity in buses, taxis and motorcycles will be exempt from the Permit Raj.
In 1976, the words 'Socialist Secular' were introduced through the 42nd Amendment to the Constitution, which clarifies that India is a country of democracy, peace and harmony. he believed also in the truth of Niam.
Even at the Sahitya Akademi, the demand has been made since 1974 when Prof. RS Lyngdoh, Prof. HW Sten, Dr. MP Lyngdoh and this writer were members; but it has remained in the struggle until now.
The world champion is also at the end of her 14-match winning streak in the tournament.
The purpose of this is to help the children who are the children of domestic workers to join hands with other children,” said Dr Sangma. others from this state.
“The neglect of the previous government especially during the rule of Dr Mukul Sangma has affected the Ranikor area,” said Bah Kitborlang.
The Petroleum Dealers Association of Meghalaya (PDAM) on Tuesday announced that the Association fully supports the arrest and arrest of some of those involved in the theft of petrol/diesel in the middle of the road. highway to the State.
Shillong, November 22 : Former MLA Process T Sawkmie on November 22, 2023 celebrated Advance Christmas with the residents of Umpling Umjathang, especially with the poor, elderly and disabled. village of Umpling Umjathang.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has urged the tourists to Chympe, Khatdum to avoid polluting the environment by cleaning up the area after eating.
The tax paid was also misused.
Last year, the government had cut up to 20 percent of the allocation from all government departments due to lack of funds.
Chyne admitted that Das was recently the Assistant Director of Sports and on the first day, he went to pick up a volunteer who had agreed to play in the Women's Inter University Football. which will be held in Odisha.
These groups also said that the number of drug addicts, especially in relation to students, has increased due to this Act.
They also explained the need for a Farmers ID or ID Card number.
“According to Article 25 of the Constitution, all citizens are given freedom to believe or worship, to spread our religious beliefs but this action of some in Bihar has violated the rights of they are two servants of God," said Mr. Robert.
There was also talk that the PDF's joining the NPP could be before the polling in Sohiong, before the 10th of June.
Basu also criticized the Congress government in the state for not being able to protect the people from insurgency in Garo Hills.
Jesus was crucified and executed in 30 AD, while Saul's conversion and apostleship took place between 31 and 36 AD. they are the first writings of the New Testament and it was Paul who first wrote about Jesus Christ.
However, they did not think that it was due to the earthquake in the area.
This happened because the trucks carrying mawshun were lined up on the road.
“The first question I have is how this quota has been implemented or managed in the same way as the Roster System because we know that the Roster System does not work for those who go to study, and this too has been implemented. The Prime Minister has informed the media,” said Bah Adelbert.
If they don't succeed, they can return to teaching or lose their children.
In another match, Mawlai and PFR won the tie break between Mawlai and PFR. The PFR played well but it was a strong performance against the PFR who showed their determination to reach the goal.
It is this road that has affected and transformed the history, political, social and religious structure of the nation.
On the occasion, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, in the presence of the MLAs and MDCs, also paid tribute to Purno Agitok Sangma by laying flowers in honor of him. The party aims to serve the welfare and development of the people in the state.
It is because the District Councils have not yet started functioning that the Governor takes his part under the above provision and his powers expire when the District Councils start functioning.
S.Tariang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar and greetings from Kong HD Lymba, Secretary Mawkhar Welfare Organization.
However, Jash Modi, one of the young players of Maharashtra PSPB, was able to fight against Manav.
In India, Dr Randeep Guelria, chief executive officer of AIIMS, said the new coronavirus, or Omicron, can mutate into up to 30 types in parts of the body that contain protein. Therefore, it is time for the experts who treat covid to look into the method of vaccination through injection.
Therefore, the government through the police department needs to pass stronger laws to prevent the violence against the innocent.
These players were at the forefront of the team to control the Arunachal bowlers.
“We urge you to punish trucks and small vehicles that drive improperly and take pass klumar on the highways to facilitate the movement of those who are sick and those who intend to go to hospital for treatment and the public. The JSU said that the government should take the Shillong-Jowai road as an important road and find ways and means to improve the Shillong road for the convenience of the people.
Pynshngaiñ yesterday removed Grace from the post of Executive Member and replaced her with Morningstar Mawsor.
Those who eat sohphan well are free from blood pressure (BP) because it helps those who have high or low BP. him.
The Mercy Home was established in 1973 under the supervision of the Sisters of Charity of St Bartholomew Capitanio and Vincenza Geroza.
The B20 Conference in Mizoram has encouraged the development of tourism in the state and will promote Mizoram as a tourist attraction.7) Better understanding and awareness of Yuva Tourism Clubs: Mizoram is one of the few states in India to start Yuva Tourism Clubs in schools and colleges.
Khliehriat, Nailar 24: Police today arrested a Bangladeshi snar, Misba Uddin, who was involved in the smuggling of Bangladeshis. A case has been registered against him at Umkiang Police Patrolling Post.
The purpose is especially for those in rural areas, women and households.
Shillong, November 15: The Assistant General Secretary of the Rashtriya Swayam Sevak Sangh (RSS) V. Bhagaiah on Tuesday said that the Ghar Wapsi is not a forced conversion of people but a conversion of those people to the country. religion after you have changed your religion.
Niawkor Sari scored the goals for Mukhla Umlangchor in the 49th and 51st minutes.
During the rainy season, for months we (have to) walk beyond the hand.
The total number of deaths from COVID-19 has risen to
Informing that the Department of Agriculture is the Nodal Department, he said that the district will set a target of 540 villages under this campaign. He also stressed the importance of linking Aadhar of all beneficiaries in order to receive the full benefits of welfare schemes.
When I think about it, I feel sorry for them.
Regarding child marriage, the Deputy Commissioner said that a woman under the age of 18 and a man under the age of 21 cannot marry, as this is illegal.
Shillong, July 22: The President of the VPP, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that the failure of the entire national party to stand on the foundation they have established and their quickness to compromise their foundation only To be on the side of the government has led the elders and intellectuals to find other ways and that is to create a new national party which will speak on the principles that these long-standing national parties have left behind. shrah no.
In the past years Marvel has made a lot of money from the ability to produce films like Avengers: End Game and others and if Marvel doesn't take action to produce beautiful films it will suffer a huge loss in years to come and other companies would usurp its reputation and status.
Shillong, Lber 26: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday said that if the Khasi can no longer hold the land, it is as if they are dead.
In the Under-18 Girls category, she won four gold and one bronze medals.
“Arunachal Pradesh is also beautiful but Meghalaya is the best state among all the states in India,” said Rijiju while opening the Integrated Check Post at Dawki today.
The defeat of the Congress in the last MP elections has forced a Congress leader to shake his head because he lost the election. Bapu Lal, a strong supporter of the Congress party, has promised Ram Babu Mandloi of the BJP that if Narendra Modi is re-elected, he will he shall cover his head.
I have done many things for the constituency and when I move forward, I will work for the development of the villages, in peace and I will focus especially on agriculture,” he said.
To decide the winner or loser, the referees played a tie breaker where Mawhiang B won by 7 – 6 goals against Mawhiang B. Mawhiang B won the title.
It should be remembered that the country does not grow in the cities but if the rural areas grow, the country grows and any plan and policy of the government to develop the country or state, should start from the ground up. sugar.
Therefore, I request you to register a case against the DGP under the proper rules and to prosecute him so that he can be punished for these crimes,” said the complaint. former AIG.
About 30 States and Union Territories together with Central Government groups such as Khadi Village & Industries Commission, TRIFED, Saras Ajeevika participated in the Crafts Bazaar.
“Bhalang has a good head,” said Kni and the tyngkan didn't want to tell him about the sarong.
The displacement of villages in Block-I and Block-II is due to the actions of the Assam Government.
Consult your doctor before taking vitamin B supplements and take them daily to reduce the risk of stroke.
U Bah Mehi Rymbai, also took part in the swearing-in ceremony of the new office bearers of the circle. He also urged the newly elected office bearers to work hard for the welfare of the nine villages in East Jaintia Hills District as well as for the country and the nation.
Shillong: Antistone Rani, 39, of Mawlai Nongpdeng, Shillong, has passed away today at NEIGRHIMS. The man was identified as Bah Antistone Rani, 39 years old. .
Therefore, I would like the PHE to implement it and the Dorbar Shnong Mawïong Umjapung to think carefully and welcome this scheme so that they can solve the problems of the people.
He said that those who died in the struggle for the country and the nation should be remembered in the highest manner, as a tribute to their sacrifice for the nation.
But contradictory stories emerged in connection with the incident.
Soon a market appeared in this area and continues to this day.
When asked whether the committee will invite other minority groups who demand 15 per cent reservation, she said that a meeting has already been held with the leaders in the past few months. which spoke to the members to send their letter of proposal.
Thus this group of slaves prepared themselves to leave Egypt, to seek and experience freedom, to grow and develop in a country that they would rule themselves.
Hundreds of ASHA workers took part in a march on Tuesday. “We have decided to hold a march and sit-in in front of the secretariat,” he said. the President of the Union, Marajone Myrsing.
The nations that gave birth to their fathers grew like the sand of the sea.
Shah said that in the last nine years, about T 25,000 crore of money of the country's poor has been diverted through Jan Aushadhi Kendras.
A case has been registered against him under Section 171 G of the Indian Penal Code (IPC), which relates to spreading false information in connection with the elections, he said.
Our focus is on adventure tourism because we have a beautiful nature”.
We have not received the full count from the 640 polling stations due to lack of communication facilities and road problems,” said the CEO. 75.60 percent of the voters cast their ballots.
The US decision comes at a time when Taiwan has exposed China's wrongdoing, as well as China's ownership of the island as its own territory.
However, besides doing those things which are against the rules of democracy, besides that we are still willing to proclaim that we love the country.
On the allegation that he is silent on the issue of reservation, Bah Lyngdoh said, “As a leader, it is not wise to reveal the strategies and ways how to achieve this demand. , but I work.
Among the borrowers are about 7 crore such entrepreneurs who started the business for the first time and have become new entrepreneurs.
If you have any questions, I will raise them in the Assembly.
Last month and next month are the months when the Raijs and villages celebrate the arrival of Pyrem in their various villages.
Hony General Secretary WJDSA, Ma Lammat Laloo, said that the tournament will be held in the form of a league and knock out tournament as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of WJDSA. T.2500 per group or club.
The fight against the disease in the state does not depend only on the compliance with the rules and regulations of the government authorities, but first of all on the responsibility of me and you first and foremost together with the cooperation. and government.
Abhishek scored two goals in the 22nd and 51st minutes and Selvam Karthi in the 24th and 51st minutes. 46 minutes of play and Harmanpreet Singh led the team to score once again after missing the first half to win their third consecutive victory. lymphoma.
“Waikhyrwi has killed fish from coal, and this allegation that fish died in Wah Lukha from Star Cement is unfounded, I know the truth from research because cement factories don't have waste to throw waste into streams.
“Many times we find that people walking and standing speak rudely and also park motor vehicles in dark places and drink alcohol and other intoxicants which causes fear to women and children walking and standing with the “It has also brought about the deterioration of the village,” said KF Mukhim Waheh Shnong.
The CEM said that Dr Don is very pleased with the National Highway from Umtyngar to Bholaganj, which he plans to implement.
Members of the AIADMK have protested against the distribution of water from the Cauvery River between Kartanataka and Tamil Nadu. in the middle of the house and shouted.
The HSPDP also said that the destruction of the SSA school in Sabuda is a sign of Assam's land grabbing.
We should start work next month or 40 days as given and hopefully the construction of footpaths and 'nala' will start in Ïewduh.
According to Bah Tokin, “the 'tieh їawbei' of the names їawbei and the 'tieh tympem' of the names tympem appear in the religion of death and life.
It is learned that it was on the same night that he was taken to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, but he fought back and it was at that time that he injured Dr Isaac Syiem. Dr Syiem, will not be able to see the patient until he recovers from the injury.
Ms Lyngdoh said that they will continue to hold this indefinite strike until the government promises to employ them all.
The Editors Guild of India (EI) has strongly criticized the decision of the Information and Broadcasting Ministry for publishing photographs and news reports on the incident in Pathankot on 2nd July They believe that this method of reporting is like providing information to the rebel groups.
The calculation of the fertilizer fee is only for the fertilizer, excluding the urea, labor and other expenses.
After that, the conflict was separated.
The owners of petrol pumps in the area have complained about the damage to their vehicles after they were filled with Umphniang. petrol and diesel.
Pakyntein inquired from the shop, but the owner of Meghalaya Metal House, Sri Ashim Kumar Banik, denied that the items were bought from his shop and replied that the cash memo was not from his shop. and there was no payment of money in his shop and he replied that the signature and initials on the cash memo were not written by him or his employees, but by himself. you bad thaw you people people.
Speaking to reporters , the Vice President of the Sein Raij , Bah H.Phawa , said that the Sein Raij includes East and West Jaintia Hills The Tuber Raij, which includes Moopyut, Khlieh Tyrshi and others.
They are rich in carbohydrates and improve the functioning of the body.
As it appears through the news on social media, the VPP has entered many villages to recruit members and not only that, the media has reported that the VPP has destroyed the strongholds of the other party.
This is expected to be completed within six months.
Speaking at a general meeting of the KHNAM Youth Wing in Shillong, Bah Nongrum said that these issues are under the jurisdiction of the Council but they have been taken over by the state government and the The Council will fight to bring it back into its hands.
Mulang Ialong, Mukhla Raij and Dulong have qualified for the semifinals of the Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
“The presence of weighbridges besides those which should be at the Entry and Exit Points is a big loss to the truck owners besides having to pay various taxes,” said Dkhar. The Seng also demands that the government should explain to the people where trucks should load their goods.
Besides, he said that not only this time they went to meet, but they have gone many times before.
In his speech, Yesso Naik said that Meghalaya is a beautiful state with many opportunities for tourism and that the ITM aims to open up dialogue between government agencies. and the people involved in this work.
Through this news, the union also accused the DC of trying to mislead by saying that he will rely only on the report of the investigation, by violating the Public Information Act.
Assam tyngshop and producer Chinthongkiri Bey and Alice Teronpi took part in the song.
Jesus said – And when ye stand praying, forgive, if ye have ought against any: that your Father also which is in heaven may forgive you your trespasses.
A case has been registered at Lumshnong PS and the search for the driver and owner of the vehicle is ongoing.
The HYC West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, as a sign of condolences and condolences to the tragic incident at Riangpoit Mayin, has destroyed the life of (L) Metilda Marshillong. On the evening of Tuesday, she held a memorial service at Nonbah Bridge.
The meeting was held as part of the consultation with the residents before allowing Meghalaya Cement Limited to increase the production of dewbilat from 2600 tonnes to 4,500 tonnes per day. .
“The Old Testament"“"The New Testament"Part: 1 – The birth of John was in the days of Zechariah the priest and Elizabeth his wife, who was barren because she was barren. for they were both righteous, and God was pleased with them.
Nongpoh: The news of the number of cases of COVID-19 in Assam has shocked the people of the state and especially those villages on the border with Meghalaya. and Assam, one of the clearest evidences is the restriction of the people of Patharkhmah, Warmawsaw, Umsohbar and others, where they have restricted the movement of foreigners and allowed them to enter the area without proper reasons and with the permission of the Government authorities.
To avoid all these, the UGC should conduct an immediate inspection of all the private universities in the State.
If the masses are not educated they are not understanding they are not enlightened, they cannot fight against what is wrong, they cannot fight against being deceived, against being deceived, that means that the expectation of getting the exchange would be a mere spectacle.
They were arrested for six months in 1970 from Mawthyllinag. They are Darlingstone Lyngdoh, Betstar Lyngdoh, Klandro Lyngdoh and Kingdarson Rani from Nongdiwah.
About 100 residents participated in the festival.
)14 Jymmang – vs Royal Challengers Bangalore (3:30 PM).
Christmas is a time of joy and we celebrate the incarnation of the Savior into the world.
The distance is 11 KM and more than 1200 runners came to take part in this race.
“But these people want to send me away, they want to tell me to sit down and say I shouldn't continue as President anymore, I leave completely, when I leave I don't tell anyone. I don't want to inform anyone, I don't want to incite anyone, but many of them say to come out, I tell them that I don't incite people. They came before me one after another, but it was not because I was young or because I was old,” he said.
“The Congress party will need the position of Mukul Sangma to survive in Garo Hills.
Lahkmen told the family that he had never received anything.
/ Leviticus 23:34.
“There are books that we read for only 10 months but there are other books that the more we read, the more we read,” said Prestone.
We cannot say, O my age, stop, that I may not soon reach the end of my age.
“I am considering lodging a complaint with the Privilege Committee against the Chief Secretary in charge of the administration and I have discussed the matter with the Speaker,” Clifford said.
Shillong: The deaths on Tuesday are Thrie Kharkongngor (64) from Mawpat, Aikmen Kynter (21) from Kenbah, Mawsynram, Dr Sanjay Kumar Barman (68) from Bhagyakul, Laitumkhrah. Jacinta Shabong, 58, of Upper Shillong, Frankie A Pariat, 56, of Mawlynrei, Jharna Acharjee, 67, of Laban, Phishalisroy Khongbuh, 50, of Laitlyngkot.
Besides, there is unemployment, drug addiction and violence against women.
Shillong: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Jaintia Hills District will soon hold a football and handball tournament for the youth of the district under 21 years of age.
It is a blessing in terms of travel and especially in times of illness but as it is now it is disappointing.
Police said the body of the man was recovered through a small hole, but he died due to shortness of breath.
By doing so, you will also have the opportunity to strengthen your relationship with your family and this will make you want to spend more time with them.
For more information, please call these numbers.
Speaking on the occasion, MFA President Bah Larsing Ming Sawyan said, “Now it has returned with a new vision to take football to another level.
They said that the KHADC under the leadership of their MDC Bah PN Syiem has deprived the people of the right to elect a Syiem, but has empowered only four ministers to elect a Syiem. The Syiem was elected only by the Malai tribe and the other tribes who used to be Syiems in the Malai Sohmat Hima were abolished.
The exhibition was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh in the presence of Niva Kalita Dipika Ingdo, Zonal Officer Weaving Shillong, Kong D. Lyngdoh, Zonal Officer, Textile Department, NSCA, DK Srivastava, Superintendent KVIC Shillong and others.
We have not named all the countries but we know and see in this scientific world that the countries and kingdoms in the world as a whole have declined gradually and the laws have become very weak.
The book written by Tymmen Basan was launched today at Sakwang Village in the presence of the family members of T.Bn.
Shillong: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that 1130 people have been tested positive for COVID-19 and 1048 people have tested negative and 70 people have not yet received their results.
The pharmacy building will be constructed at a cost of T.15.33 crore for the G+3 building of 1833 SqM. The cost is T.12.72 crore.
If the foundation of education is laid on a solid foundation, further education has gone smoothly.
Many Khasi women who do not belong to families who still hold on to their traditional customs and traditions, even if they have become Christians, do not obey their Dkhar husbands.
The fire at Ramakrishna Mission was first discovered by people inside Ramakrishna Mission at 7 pm after they saw smoke coming from the place.
“We will send a letter to the village headmen not to ignore this order and not to issue any residence permits to these people who have come to rest temporarily,” he said.
Shillong, Lber 19: In the past few days, the Minister of State has promised and assured these officials that an order will be issued to clean up the coal mined in Iypa and to allow them to work and transport the coal. Mawson.
It is better if we give our children the same father and mother so that they will respect them.
Dhar and his family members arrived at Bijou Cinema Shillong to watch the film Johkhe.com at 8:00 pm which ended at 11:00 pm.
Police are investigating into the incident.
Indeed, all these times what we should say is Modiji bhasan nahi, maafi maango,” said the President of the MPYC to several media outlets on July 9,
Speakers on the occasion from the wife of Bah Banteidor expressed their encouragement to the women to continue to work together for the sake of the community.
The Railway, together with the Government, Political Parties, Seng Bhalang, Hima, Raid, Dorbar Shnong should stand against without allowing them to start work, whether in Byrni or anywhere else, especially. The District Council under the leadership of CEM TW Chyne has refused to approve the land acquisition.
Shillong: U Jamil Ahmed, President of the Lok Janshakti Party (LOP) today paid tribute to the statue of Netaji Chandra Bose on the occasion of his 122nd birth anniversary.
I would like to ask Paheh how you feel about this song in relation to this project that we have come to Ranikor? “This project is a memorable project, the road is long,” said the interviewer, “From Sikkim you have to return to Ranikor”.
Indeed, money works hard in this age of wealth.
This issue came to light after a public hearing on the laws was held last weekend near Khliehriat where the villagers complained about the excessive deterioration of the road to Ratacherra. .
However, they don't have any feelings because it's just a fun game and not a game.
Currently, 10,478 people are still undergoing treatment while 27,832 people have recovered.
Wallambok said the SOT police came to his residence and asked for his name by accusing him of being involved in the fires in Laban and Lumparing.
“However, as I said, we have to keep in mind that our income and the people living in our state have not yet reached the level where they have increased in income and it will not be such large tax collections should not be implemented.
The previous O.M. dated 10.05.2022, does not clarify the meaning of the word “Cadre Strength.
In addition, the Deputy Commissioner has ordered that all vehicles must be marked with a Registration Plate in accordance with the Registration Certificate (RC), and the RC of the vehicle must be displayed at all times. bor you law that pan.
If the government wants peace, the HNLC cannot stop any of its activities until there is any agreement, we have not violated any social agreement until there is no such agreement.
Nongpoh: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday visited the Jal Jeevan Mission to learn about the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission. He visited the water treatment plants in Uyyambali WSS, Kodihalli WSS and Sathanur WSS. Tour, perhaps Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, said that the implementation of the JJM scheme in Meghalaya and Meghalaya is very different, because in Meghalaya, the method of pumping water and even They have been using pipes, while in the state, pipes have been used.
We understand that only from the number of people today.
Such soils are called residual soils.
Various programs were held in the city, including the march of the army, police, school children and others.
Police said the suspect was wearing a blue sweater and a blue shirt and had a round tattoo on his chest.
This census is the detailed information at the state level while the district wise census has not been received.
Sonny said that the ASHAs after taking over this job cannot go to work elsewhere and this makes it difficult for them to feed their families only with the salary they receive from the ASHA. they did not do it in their own villages.
Musk is now richer than Mark Zuckerberg, ranking third richest in the world with a fortune of $115billion (£86.4billion). .
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that the DC's order is not appropriate. .
Ignorance of our rights is the key, we will inevitably be deceived and misused.
How can we allow the BJP to mislead through Manjhi and blame me for that mistake? I have recorded the statements made by the BJP leaders against me for the wrongdoing of the Manjhi government.
The Shillong Traffic Police in collaboration with the Shillong Region Taxi Operators and Drivers Association (SHPA) has conducted a program which started from the Polo parking lot and went throughout Shillong to raise awareness among the people. the public the risk of accidents.
Within a few months, the government has been able to persuade the authorities in Delhi to provide military bases for the benefit of the people.
The EM of the Trade Department, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that the department will continue to issue licenses across the country as soon as the New Year begins, as the holidays have begun.
Therefore, the union cannot tolerate this, if the government does not do anything in these days, AMSSASTA will continue the strikes as it has announced for the safety of the 4th teachers. in the state as a whole.
He said that all the arrested persons are residents of Teporpara (Assam) village near the scene of the incident. He was arrested by the police in South Slamara district.
That the Hima Mylliem should convene a Hima Dorbar to consider the Metor area, land in Khanapara and many other issues and that this Dorbar should be a participatory Dorbar. and thousands of sons shall be king without any other.
It is learned that the angry truck drivers had broken down the gate and there was almost a clash between the trucks and the BSF troops but the incident was stopped by the arrival of the truck drivers. The SP of Ri-Bhoi District has been arrested.
Prestone was speaking at a meeting with the Chiefs of Police (SP/CO) held at the Police Headquarters, Shillong.
These officers play the role of looking after, thinking and other duties assigned to them and the appointment of such groups has also been a source of employment and employment for the people, he said. the Minister.
During the tenure of Bah Adelbert Nongrum as CEM of KHADC in the year 2014-2015 (08.10.2014 – 15.05.2015), KHNAM tried to bring about order during that period. and to relieve the people when they need to be able to carry their burdens.
“As a nation, we should show our unity when there is violence, we should not say that it doesn't happen here,” said the HYC leader. The government has condemned the violence of foreign companies who have even ordered the police to beat and bomb the people and even the women and children for their own benefit.
Shillong: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, today handed over a check of T.3.5 lakh to a child of SOS Children's Village Umiam for the treatment of his grandparents at NEIGRHIMS. The Governor handed over the child in the presence of Elizabeth Mawkhlieng, Senior Youth Co-Worker of SOS Children's Village.
Meghalaya will go to the polls in 2018, only 10 and a half years away and many Congress leaders are worried that the party may not win more because of the BJP leadership of the Prime Minister. Narendra Modi's country and the party's strength if they cannot control it.
The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) has announced that it will hold a one day Badminton Tournament on the 28th of this month at the Khliehtyrshi Dorbar Hall.
Pay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure plus other allowances.
Earlier, Fenela said that if the HSPDP feels that it is against the party, it should ask for clarification in what form it is against the party. The HSPDP-WKH has announced that it will leave the party.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the government has decided to implement a containment measure for three cities, namely Shillong, Jowai and Tura from 1 January to 10 January 2021.
“After the removal of Bah Bashemphang Thabah, we demand that the KHADC should expedite the election to elect the Lyngdoh of the Hima Sohiong so that the Khadar rule in the Hima Sohiong can run smoothly. play chess.
Finally, the money should not be wasted, but the best service should be provided for the people.
In the Under-14 Boys' match, Padu SS beat Don Bosco Mihmyntdu 10-0
The lyrics of this song are very beautiful and thought provoking and convey a love that is righteous and pure.
The three topics in which the students and teachers participated were Story Telling, Arts and Craft Competition and Teacher Learning Material (TLM) Exhibition Competition. The main purpose of this program is to encourage the students to develop and showcase their talents not only within the schools but also outside the schools. the teachers in the schools are the teachers.
Khliehriat, Lber 6 : Police of Umkiang Patrolling Post together with a team of ANTF under the command of DSP Crime B. Bhattacharjee MPS, today seized 75 gm of heroin. Raju Dkhar Alias ​​Precious, 39, of Suchen Lumjarain, Lamphrang Kyndiat, 42, of Lumjarain, and Lamphrang Kyndiat, 42, of Lumjarain. Sabah Muswang and Jop Siangshai, 45, of Ladrymbai, Datsympein.
The President of KHUBLEI Germany, Garhard Albert, was also present at the ceremony.
Nongpoh: Pahamsyiem Village, on Saturday, held a cleanliness drive, the residents of the village, came together to clean up all the garbage in the village.
Shillong, July 14: Two brothers, who have been raped by their son for two years, have not been able to tell anyone about the incident. you are their son.
Mawkyrwat, November 07: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on 05/09/2022 under the leadership of Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District, Jiedskhem Nongsiej, The General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (KSU) has visited the Ranikor area to inspect the Kynshi River as part of the follow-up on the failure of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board to release the report. This has caused the river to turn red and the annual death of fish especially in the months before the rain.
In a letter, the principal said, “Although our school is for a small number of Christians, it was originally meant only for Christians but our school has extended its services to all students without regardless of religion, status and to serve all citizens of India.
The second match was between Ksehsylle Ialong and Samaro FC, Ksehsylle Ialong won 2-0 goals, the goal was scored by Samaro FC. Deibor Bareh in the 33rd minute and Sunidonhi Rymbai in the 63rd minute.
As the match went on, Rangdajied started to play again and had chances.
mar 10, 000/-, M/s Meghalaya Minerals Rs.51,70,000/- , M/s Meghalaya Coke (Chimney-II), M/s Kamakhya Carbide Pvt.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said Ardent's statement may have been that he was only reading the heading of the newspaper.
“Boys and girls have their own separate bodies, so kids shouldn’t play with touching inappropriate bodies because it’s inappropriate, avoid playing with girls because it’s “They will be punished under the POCSO Act 2012 if they are wrong,” said Sohtun.
The cause of the explosion was after a fire broke out in one of the rooms and then the fire spread to the three rooms. These cylinders of gas will be used in a short period of time.
This is due to the water shortage, which is severe in Delhi these days.
On the other hand, Balen Thubru, Leader of the JAC and President of AJCCTA, said that according to the letter written to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, the dewbilat companies have been given until the 31st of this month. They have written to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to order these factories to implement the new price.
It may be recalled that this school is the most important for the indigenous people of the North East which is still continuing to provide services for this purpose.
However, while this is going on, we cannot refuse to accept foreign IAS and IPS officers to sit in the Secretariat and run the Khadar administration.
Even if they have become educated, not only do they despise and ignore their family and others, but 'as they increase in education, they decrease in their manners and dignity'
However, as I said, I cannot explain this because we don't understand the views of the HPC until we have held a meeting”.
Some of them are only one day and some are up to seven months.
Shillong, June 1: The Seng Longkmie and Seng Samla Shnong of Tynring Village, today exposed the corruption of the Sordar of Raid Tynring Branch, Bah CA Diengdoh, who has been suspended from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). 16 October, 2015.
On this basis, the Dorbar Shnong Lumshnong strongly condemns this violence by the authorities in charge of this matter.
The project for this purpose will cost about Rs 2 crore.
It is to be recalled that Ri Muliang is a backward area in all aspects and the nearest bank is in Seiñduli, which is about 35 to 45 kilometers away. go need to banks.
“The KSU through the Education Cell has been meeting with the management and teachers of this college for many years to discuss this issue but the reason is that the Government has not taken action,” said the Seng. .
Throughout the day, the leaders of these three organizations, urged the auto rickshaw drivers, not to carry over the border, as this area is close to Assam, so if you are not careful, It will pose a serious threat to the people living in the area, from the conflict between the people of Assam and Meghalaya.
There are 23,454 samples tested, 22,902 negative, 290 pending results and 21,496 people from outside the state.
Therefore, the destruction of the soil by the rainfall is something that the farmer of Khasi-Jaintia and every Khasi-Pnar who loves his country should think carefully.
In the second half, Lumsashram FC scored the first goal in the 79th minute through Thymmai Syrti jersey no.
Therefore, if anyone spells English for his own race, he takes the English race, he takes his mother's race, he takes his father's race, or he doesn't take his race; but if his appearance and character is Khasi, then he is a Khasi and the KHADC does not need to worry about this, because this is the nature and work of Sociology.
Furthermore, the match on this day was very successful as these teams are the teams that played on the opening day on 20-10-2023 where Dong Nongdom won by 2 – 0 goals against Dong Pyndenjathang and these same teams who arrived today.
In an interview with Pinkvilla, Kareena said that Saif first asked her during the shoot of Tashan in Greece.
He said that in Shillong, the waste has been collected and cleaned by the Municipal Department but this scheme aims to clean up the villages and this scheme will also help the villages in the rural areas to become clean and tidy.
Julie Nongkhlaw, Inspector of Police, Shillong and Augustine Lyngdoh, Armed Branch Constable, Police Reserve Shillong.
“If I am the Chief Minister of the state, I will first go and request the MRSSAB to implement it first, the ILP will come later,” he told reporters.
At the same time, the 108 vehicle sounded the siren and turned on the lights, but no one came out.
Shillong: The JSU Shillong Circle together with the JSU Mynso Unit today met with the BDO of Laskein Block, Shillong regarding the failure to distribute the 100 days scheme. The daily salary of jobcard holders through their bank account.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body led by General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem in the presence of Education Secretary Wellesly Lyngkhoi and Isaac Basaiamoit, Asst General Secretary, CEC, today met with the Secretary General Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem. Pro-VC, NEHU, Shillong Dr Henry Lamin on the demand for the appointment of indigenous people in various positions outside the University, Mawlai, Shillong.
She also alleged that the employees of the bank are selfish and arrogant and when the ignorant people come, they don't show or talk slowly but they just slap them with a knife.
“This time 'Mann Ki Baat' is more special.
Finally, we must understand that the work of khadar governance in a democratic country depends on the following of the people in the service delivery of those who have taken the responsibility to serve the people.
He is also ready to assist in teaching the shitara and saitara if there are any groups, schools, or organizations that want to revive the traditional identity of the Khasi people through music.
The news is cut off and spread out, Cut I Klam only in the la-ær.
These candidates also brought the leading leaders to address the people and at the same time, there was singing, dancing and rejoicing.
Sein Pynbhalang scored the only goal of the match through Paiabanteiskhem Bhoi in the 33rd minute.
Karge Kamki said that many people in the state, until now, there are still many people who do not understand the operation of Fastage and it is on this basis, which has led to the riots. NHAI's Toll Gate is located in the state.
The body of the woman was taken to hospital for post mortem and other legal requirements.
“My beloved father didn't leave this job anywhere, but he entrusted it to you the people of Nongstoin, so let you be the light and I will be the light for you,” said Fenella.
The arrested person was identified as Teibor Lyting, 46, resident of Kharmalki.
This will also reduce the traffic jam in Shillong.
The information also said that the Assembly has nothing to do with the sculpture and it is up to the government.
The competition was divided into two categories, the open category for men and women. The race started at 6 pm from Kiang Nangbah Stadium to Ladthadlaboh. Mynthong-Chutwakhu-Mission Compound-Iongpiah-Dulong-Tpep-Pale-Iawmusiang-Newhill-National Highway and ends at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
The match will be played between Lutituber Ialong and Sailung Ialong at 2:30 pm.
“As leaders we have already done our duty to pass the ILP resolution in the Legislative Assembly and now it is the duty of the MDA Government to implement the wishes of the people,” he said.
The house which was damaged by the collapse belongs to Rati Nongtdu.
Swell where I Prof.
The sample was sent to an NABL-accredited lab in Kolkata, where the identity of the producers and the batch number were kept confidential.
This larger national party should not be discouraged.
Until now, only a Khasi man has been accused.
The road from Sanmer to Lum Shyllong is also being prepared for construction.
He said that the WPD was first established by the UPU Congress held in Tokyo Japan in 1969 and since that year it has been celebrated until today.
In a major victory, Mizoram Police on 4th March seized a different type of methamphetamine, popularly known as Crystal Meth, at Lengpui Airport, Aizawl.
On the other hand, the HYC has decided to write a letter to the Chief Minister to demand that he should take action and ensure that the public money should not be wasted.
BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis met the Governor last night and suggested to the Governor to call for a power struggle as the Thackeray government is short of staff. .
Sidharth Malhotra has been appointed as the spokesperson for John Players, which will announce its Spring Summer 23 Collection this month.
The people today should not misunderstand that politics is money.
The meeting also discussed the delay in the construction of the Medical College on the site of the RP Chest Hospital due to the slow acquisition of land at Umsawli by the Urban Affairs Department.
The union also said that many of the officers who are agents of the Government give reasons and protect foreigners by violating the rules of the Election Commission of the country.
He said that this raid has also been beneficial to know and see with their own eyes that there are still many foreign shops which trade without permits and he has directed the officers to Notice should be sent to all foreign shops and given a day's notice to provide the documents otherwise they will be closed down.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has lodged a complaint with the Governor of Meghalaya not to accept Bah Pynshngain N Syiem as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC as he is one of the MDCs. I don't know what to do and I'm an MLA.
They are also prohibited from carrying guns and other weapons and refraining from causing any incidents such as intimidating or coercing voters and the public alike.
With this victory, the women's team of the state has gained more hope to qualify for the next round of the 73rd Senior National Basketball Championship held in Ludhiana (Punjab).
It is up to him and the team how to get more love and trust from the people of Mawlai in order to reach the goal.
Speaking on the occasion, Saini said that this event is to encourage entrepreneurs and to fill the vacancies and to make it one of the most successful in the country. whole.
The Seng has made it clear that if the government does not think about implementing the demands of the Seng before that date, a decision will be taken to continue the protest. Bah EG War Organizing Cum Publicity Secretary MUPSTA Central Body.
"# R.W.11.
These issues were launched by the party leader, Bah KP Pangniang in the presence of the party leaders, including the experienced leader and MDC, Bah Martle Mukhim, at the City Hut Dhaba, Shillong.
“The VPP is a new party, it doesn't have a base anywhere, only in East Khasi Hills.
They also seized a laptop and two mobile phones.
" (Genesis 2:15).
He said that at present there are farmers who are farmers only to get government schemes, but they have not found ways and means how to improve their agriculture.
Regarding the roads, the union has informed the EE of PWD (Road) to take action to improve the roads which have started to deteriorate. He also asked for your cooperation so that the work can go smoothly.
Nongpoh: A youth from Dong Downgate Nongpoh, who was arrested by the youths of Downgate Dong and later arrested by the police, on charges of involvement in drug trafficking, said He committed suicide at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
Shillong: U BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh has accepted the proposal of the UDP to have a joint candidate from the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. ha you decide you mother.
The incident occurred during Question Time on the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
We have to continue to cut down such things, which we human beings have sown.
Shahin scored 52 off 47 balls which included three 4s and five sixes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chandame said that the land belongs to Lapangap village and is owned by Iaidlang Pyrphet, Aemti Shylla, Neitina Lyngdoh and Pdiang Krem. , Ristill Lyngdoh, Bilian War and Tiewlity Timung.
During the meeting, it was discussed how to strengthen the AITC at the Grassroot Level and Polling Booth Level for the upcoming elections in
He said that it has been more than six months since they have been able to earn any money, and they only earn if they are reserved to travel and only then they get a bill and then they have to stay without earning.
"“It is a matter of shame that despite the orders of the Supreme Court, without fail, this Government has brought about a confusing operation by ignoring these orders and helping in the illegal mining of coal and the operation of unlicensed Coke factories in the State.
“The HSPDP's policy is to encourage the RDA to work with all the ethnic parties especially with the UDP after the 2023 MLA elections to strengthen as ethnic parties,” said HSPDP President KP Pangniang.
People, especially the elderly and the disabled are excluded from Aadhaar registration centers and do not know what to do to get an Aadhaar number.
Ardent said that no political party since the independence of the state has been able to fulfill the promises made during the elections, but the VPP has fulfilled the promises made during the elections. Although the union has won half of the demand, the expert committee set up by the government has not yet been appointed. government will put time.
the Christian and patriotic spirit has been buried in the money and the heart of sorrow has been darkened.
Therefore, if the central government is slow to release the salaries, the state government will also suffer.
This promotes access to specific products and services without requiring new entrants to invest in new user relationships and thus leads to innovation and competition.
The Principal of the school, IJ Chullai, gave the welcome speech.
By the end of the match, India had won 4-0 and qualified for the second round of the Olympic qualifiers.
Shillong, Lber 18: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, today said that the government has set a target to eradicate all poverty by 2022, which is also the 50th anniversary of the independence of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, July 25: As part of the efforts to encourage the people who have reached the age of 18 years and above to understand the value of electing leaders, the Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division today celebrated the National Voter's Day. Walkathon at Government Higher Secondary School, Patharkhmah.
There is no such difference and discussion because the Khasi and Garo are Meghalayans.
Technology in educationThe National Educational Technology Forum (NETF) will be established to provide a platform for the sharing of ideas on the use of technology to improve education, evaluation, design, guidance.
“It is surprising that many of these quarries and quarrying factories are named after the children of ministers, Rangbah Shnongs and local leaders,” he said. The CoRP also found that the workers in these quarries and factories do not have labor licenses issued by the KHADC like other workers.
In order to revive and promote Khasi drama across various stages including in other states of the country and abroad as well as by translating drama into other languages The SBUK in collaboration with the Fraternity Art Cine Entertainment Shillong (FACES) on 2nd July 2023, agreed to collaborate and promote this Khasi theatre.
Jesse Karmazin, a scientist who started the clinic, said that so far, the signs have been promising.
Besides Nongthymmai, the HYC Malki Circle under the leadership of Franky Kharumnuid has raided foreign workers in Malki village and arrested 20 foreign workers. with a warning if they will still come back.
“If you look at us as leaders, don't ask which candidate we will contest and don't give reasons why you don't like that candidate but win the VPP and we promise that you won't be disappointed if you win us,” he said. added.
The Ministry of Tourism, on July 30, launched 16 vehicles under the first phase of the Prime Tourism Vehicles project.
After the incident, he lodged a complaint at Rongram police station and was taken to Tura Civil Hospital for treatment,” said SP West Garo Hills Mukesh Singh.
One of the reasons for the introduction of this Act is because the governments are sitting idle only because MLAs/MPs want to become ministers and party members move from one party to another just to be appointed ministers.
“The BJP is now in power in 18 states in the country and the Union Government is also ruled by the BJP. states outside the region.
And these positions require people who are more intellectually mature and who know the basics of the customs and traditions of the nation and understand according to the present day.
The decision to call for the protest was taken after the death of BJP supporter Mrityunjay Burman at Radhikapur near Kaliaganj in North Dinajpur district.
Thank God that through the Internet the churches have been able to spread the word of God to the believers.
She said that the trainees should join many schemes and programmes, whether it is with the Government or anyone who provides financial assistance to set up businesses such as banks and others.
Speak in such a way that you can express your feelings and get ideas from them.
The two day training was held on the 11th and 12th of this month at the Dorbar Shnong Kynshi Mawria where about 40 members of SHGs attended the training. two days they learned how to make and produce salt too.
Animal proteins such as milk, eggs, chicken, pork, beef, and fish contain all the essential amino acids.
It is learned that Samla Kitbok had met with Father Kharbani, but at that time Father Kharbani said that it is only the way to do it but the job will be given to him and he gave his opinion. also that you should apply for this job.
Shillong: The Legislative Assembly today passed the 126th Amendment Bill 2019 to extend the allocation of Schedule Tribes and Schedule Castes in Parliament and Assembly.
The meeting was conducted by Chemhok Kyrweng, President of Labang Nangphyllut Circle Salbius Myrten and opened by General Secretary Rajesh Tamaha.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Angela Ryngad, one of the leaders of the NGOs, said that they have suspended the protest today because they are still holding a meeting and also because they are still too busy to prepare for the protest. FIR to be lodged, which has not been received yet.
In case of untimely rainfall during the harvesting season, it is recommended to spray with 5% salt water to prevent the harvested rice from sprouting.
During the investigation, the suspects revealed that the drugs were smuggled from Manipur and the intention was to deliver them to a drug trafficking group in Shillong.
There are those who cannot speak out and there are those who have to sit and listen because they don't have the understanding or strength to understand the laws and regulations that should and should not apply in the state or the country. .
Hearing the case, the court said that the state government has informed that the proposal and blueprint have been submitted to the HPC for the relocation from 30th November
In Mawkynrew, there is a ticket race between Bah Lam Kharpuri (Bah Khan) and Dr. Lynshiang, while in Laban, there is a race between Bah Moon (who withdrew from the mid-term MDC election) and Bah President of Youth Congress 19th Shillong South.
Anxiety is different from sadness, of course, sadness is the path to anxiety.
Secretary of the Education Committee of the MFA, Bah D.Ryntathiang, who is also the Secretary of the Education Committee of the Union, said that the reason why the MFA has taken this opportunity is to translate these two courses into Khasi. , is on the basis that it will be easier for the youth as well as the retired players, to make it easier for them to learn and also to understand better their subjects. course.
His brother Rev JJM Nichols Roy was the first Khasi to become a member of the Legislative Assembly and twice a Minister.
The Seng strongly condemns the MDA Government which is the head of the Government of India on this issue.
On the initiative of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of District Council Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, he has convened a meeting of the Autonomous District Councils to discuss and think carefully on the issues that may affect the District Council Affairs Department. state in different villages of 12 districts of the state.
Patna Police are investigating the incident and have started searching for the perpetrators.
Hun Shylla, 58, of Ummulong, Sher Bahadur Bhujel, 38, of Garampani, Assam and Rishailin Wahlang, 36, of Dongbir, Mairang, were arrested. The body of the deceased was taken to Tirot Singh Memorial Hospital, Mairang on 4th November
The former Mylliem MLA said that in November 2019, all 60 MLAs had passed a resolution against the CAB but when the Home Minister, Amit Shah introduced the CAB in Parliament, , the NPP MP from Tura, who is the sister of the Chief Minister, has given her full support to the CAB. Conrad Sangma said that the support given by his sister is with the knowledge of the NPP. Therefore, we want the people to know that if we are overthrown in our own country tomorrow, we should blame the parties. nation," he added.
His father didn't want his son to learn to read or write English or even to send him to school, but he wanted to make him a priest because he would receive training in the house of God.
Vivek said Deibor was arrested in the evening and will be brought before the court in the evening.
The SWSRJ has requested the SP West Jaintia to fight hard to curb and arrest the drug users and sellers of drugs, marijuana, kyiad and other intoxicants. good for society.
The Presbyterian Church Rymbai in a statement sent by Rev SB Lyngdoh and Tbn HM Thoo, said that the church has arranged the following traffic rules:- The church has arranged that no one will be allowed to sell on Sunday. U Blei 1 km around from the place of worship because the church has already prepared lunch and dinner for the Christians and others to all the Christian households within the church.
Foolish Christians Jesus spoke the parable of the 10 virgins – 5 wise and 5 foolish – recorded in the Gospel of Matt.25:1-1
The MJA has conducted this competition as part of the selection of 32 talented athletes to represent the state in the 2nd North East Olympic Games which has been postponed to 10-16 November. 2022.
Behdieñkhlam is an annual festival and is believed to ward off diseases in the society which can come in the form of diseases, illnesses, natural disasters and any evils in the society. and to pray unto the gods of the kings for good grain, and for prosperity.
“The EC has taken action after receiving a complaint from a group of people who used to work in this field, and has met with Dy.CM Bah Prestone Tynsong to allow those who dig with shniah or “It's not for those who clear the hills with machines,” said Bah Pyniaid in reply to a question by Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh MDC Mylliem in the KHADC. U Bah Pyniaid, the government has assured that it will do its utmost to relax the rules to allow small workers to mine shyiap by man, not by machinery.
On the other hand, the Jowai District Council on 13.3.1970 lodged a complaint against the Assam Survey and demanded that the Assam Survey should be stopped immediately. the Hills State (now Meghalaya State).
Such places attract crime and criminals especially in view of the problem faced by the state in terms of drug trafficking,” he said.
Shillong: The teams that won the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament today include South Garo Hills District Association and Shillong Cricket Association. .
Guwahati, July 07: In many cases, the word 'lehbein' is used to describe a husband and wife in a relationship with a husband or a wife. the days shall come upon the woman.
The residents of Warsanlyngdoh area have expressed their solidarity to demand that the government should return the 18 villages of Warsanlyngdoh area to West Khasi Hills District. more closely for you.
One of the reasons for the closure of these companies is due to the increase in the price of electricity, where the companies have to operate through the shortage of electricity.
Giving the example of the neighboring state, the UDP leader said that in Assam for decades they have witnessed and experienced the groups have not succeeded but as time goes by not only have they not reached their goal but it also appeared that their results were immediate.
Shillong: The International Nurses' Day (INU) today was celebrated to commemorate the 200th birth anniversary of Florence Nightingale.
But the letter was torn by some women and torn.
Dr RB Dympep, Secretary of the Balang U Blei in Quallapatty, said that he received the information at 4.15 pm and said that there is a maintenance of the church in these days, including the construction of electrical lights and the announcement of the 100-year-old part of the church, which includes the church roof.
Assam has reported 2,198 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, while Kamrup (M) and Guwahati have reported 2,198 new cases. It is the highest number of cases, with 760 cases in the area.
The first match between XI Star and Laimer CC started. The toss was won by XI Star who chose to bat first.
Furthermore, to strengthen the measures and support to the States/UTs, the Department of Drinking Water & Sanitation has established the Rural Wash Partners' Forum (RWPF). WASH stakeholders have come forward to work with the Government of India and the States/UTs for the effective implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission.
Shillong, March 12: The Jaintia Hills District has decided to support and participate in the Rally of the All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSASTA) to be held on the 19th of this month. date of this month.
“It is a great pleasure and honor to hold this championship in Shillong.
He said that this is the second time that the JAC leaders have met the DC, as in the past few months, these leaders have met the DC. He promised to pay within 15 or 20 days, but as it is now, the drivers of commercial vehicles have found that the promise of the DC, has been in vain, because until these days, it has not come true. It is on this basis that the group of drivers has decided to hold a strike if the money is not paid to all the drivers who are entitled to receive the money.
It has set up a team under the leadership of OSD Santosh Kumar and Project Engineer Chetram Singh to conduct an inspection and streamline the implementation of the waste treatment.
However, the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, said that what happened yesterday was due to the visit of the President. roads and the closure of roads.
The Meghalaya High Court has ordered the DC of EKH to investigate into the allegation of ration corruption in Sohiong and to complete the investigation within three months. The Sohiong Police Station has not registered a case on the complaint lodged by the CSWO. The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills Shillong, as the officer in charge of the investigation, said that he will investigate the case to find out the facts and punish the people involved according to the law. I'm not going to face such a problem.
There are valleys like Wanten Valley, Umtahsniang Valley, Tyrshi Khorkhali, Tyrshi Umpangtiang and others.
Wanbiang Bang scored the first goal for Pynthorlangtein in the 65th minute.
“If there is a right to unite the national parties, we are ready,” he said. “I have worked with Kong Teilinia to bring about unity and our people need unity and unity. it is after the election and not just before the election.
Qatar is a country rich in petroleum and natural gas and has employed hundreds of thousands of foreigners in the oil industry.
KK Venugopal, who represented the CM, said that the CM has sent a notice to about 60 PILs against the implementation of the CAA
Lyngïong, Ïaïong, 18: The strong wind in the past few days has caused damage to houses around the area.
Chutwakhu will prohibit supporters of any candidate from outside the village from attending the rally in Chutwakhu and the rally should end by 10 PM.
Dr Mukul said the reputation and glory of the state has come to ruin because the people inside the government are powerful. “It's like shooting at the officers who should allow illegal coal mining,” said Dr. Mukul.
Continuing from a score of 137 runs for the loss of four wickets, Meghalaya managed to score 215 runs for the loss of all wickets after restricting Mizoram to 179 runs. , so they were 36 runs ahead in the first innings.
On this occasion, the party also awarded cash prizes to the winners of the Marathon. On the same day, the party also honored Bah Maitshaphrang K.Wanniang who passed away. He won the Silver Medal in the International UCI Climinator World Cup 2022 in Ladakh last year.
New Delhi, July 5: The vehicle of Delhi Chief Minister Rakhi Birla has been bombed by robbers in parts of Delhi this evening.
The NEHUSU leaders have given 10 days to NEHU to release the results, otherwise the union will not refuse to hold a protest, according to the rights in this democratic country.
In the Under-16 category, the Govt.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has directed the state government to respond to a petition filed by the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) demanding the dissolution of the HLC. ), which wants to improve the relationship with the residential area of ​​the metro drivers in Mawlong Market.
On Friday, July 18, people in different parts of Manipur turned off the transistors, while the speech of the Prime Minister known as the Maan ki Baat program was still going on. walk.
Others were Lelaya Andrew Dkhar of Anti-Infiltration Department, Banroilang V Khongwir of 4th MLP Battalion, Sohpian and Comingstar Sten of 4th MLP Battalion, Sohpian.
The public can also communicate with the Government through social media platforms including Whatsapp.
According to the source, the drugs were intended to be sold in Punjab and surrounding areas and used to generate money for the purpose of increasing their criminal activities. They are spread across the Punjab.
We must respect women and listen to the opinions of women to build the village and society for the common good.
This is the wisdom of the Pentagon, in which they want to realize the cartoon Jetson, as one of the strategies to fight the enemy.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, General Secretary of the UDP, said, “There has been a change in the political system in the state and we see that a pleasant wind has blown to the UDP and 17 MLAs. I don't want to contest from the UDP party and this is a wonderful thing that has happened in this state and I hope that in 2023 there will be a change.
Despite the financial crisis, the government will fight to overcome these challenges,” he said.
From Nongkhlaw the Syiem and his men went down and came to Nongrngoi, where they stayed for a while. After a while the Syiem and his men went down further up to Thor Assam.
As the people of different constituencies, we must elect candidates who are well aware of the laws, who are CLEAN, who are clear in words and deeds, who do not have the ability to serve the people, who are promised. to eradicate corruption, who promise to bring about growth and development in all aspects in a CLEAN and transparent manner.
“The Office of the Director of Schools, Education and Literacy (DSEL) on 3rd November, 2021 has approved several Government Lower Primary Schools to be upgraded to Upper Primary Schools.
Without such a combination, the symbols of the riewhadem do not exist, and that is why we often see in the riewhadem cups some riewhadem which are not symbols.
At 10:30 pm on Saturday, police are still fighting to extinguish the fire in Khyndailad. A sudden fire broke out in parts of Thana Road, Khyndailadlad Shillong which also claimed the life of one person.
The President was planned to be transported since last night at the time of transport but the candidate refused and the Secretary also refused by saying that they will continue the strike because Their meeting with the CS was unsuccessful and they did not receive his answer.
Nongpoh, March 13: The Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) has announced that it will hold a meeting in Ri Bhoi District to strengthen the party and to explain its principles to the public. The General Meeting will be held on the 15th of this month at 12 noon at Umsning.
She said that the BDO has also awarded a sub contract to implement the scheme.
There will be a war among the Khasi:- The time will come when there will be no war between the Garo or Diko and the Khasi, but a war among the Khasi.
They were recruited into the group to serve as assistants to Sohan D Shira and also as supervisors of the police who intend to enter Daruma.
Priyanka may look like Indira, but there is a big difference,” said Kumar.
At the same time, some MLAs have tried to shake Mukul's seat by talking to MPCC President DD Lapang.
In his speech, u Bah Paul mentioned the government's efforts to develop and shape the talents of the youth of the state especially in the fields of music, dance and other talents.
When this reporter arrived at the village, it was found that many of the owners of the houses are still in need of covering their houses which have been destroyed by the wind because they have no place to live elsewhere.
Ksan's mother has donated T4000 tyngka to her brother as a sign of class fees.
The VPP leader also expressed his concern about the lack of participation of the people in the meeting especially from the youth who are the future of the nation.
This is a young woman from Mizoram.
There is one vehicle which has received no.666, in a village of 700 households one household has 666, in a church of 670 Christian leaders one has received
Jesus went on to say, “...I came that they may have life, and have it abundantly.” In the Greek mindset, abundant life means abundant life in education, income, healthy lifestyle, independence and the citizens are proud.
The meeting was opened with prayers by T.Shullai and speeches by CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat, MDC Jesse Suiam, Paia Dhar, Yooshida Nongspung, Damon Dkhar, Mutshwa Thabah and others. other de.
Although the club did not achieve the goal it wanted, the spirit of struggle and dedication of the players and management of Ryntih SC, has opened the door for the team to speak. Ranjit Bajaj, one of the chief executives of the country's sports club, has sent Ryntih SC officials to Chandigarh to discuss the matter with him.
Speaking to reporters, Sohtun said, “HANM from time to time has urged the government to employ young people in any private sector and in companies that HANM has forgotten about this issue which is the main cause of the youth of our country. The Job Recruitment Mela will be held in Shillong in June 2024 and companies from all over the state should come to showcase how many jobs are available. jobs available within their companies to select the best people to employ in their companies, these companies may be educational institutions or any companies that have He said that the meeting between him and the members of the party with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, was to ask for the assistance of the DC and request him to please. to request the companies in East Jaintia Hills District to send reports on the vacancies in their companies so that those vacancies will not be appointed by the company at will. However, it shall notify all the youths in the state so that the youths who are entitled to receive such jobs.
Mr. Hopingstone was a righteous, brave and pious man, and for that reason God made him a successful man in everything he did.
Shillong, March 14: The HSPDP will hold its General Council on the 16th of this month at 11:30 pm at the State Central Library, Shillong. The party includes the confirmation of the leaders of the party elected by the Central Executive Committee including Bah Ardent Miller, Acting President and other office bearers.
When asked why the extension of term of office for GHADC, KHADC and JHADC is different, Mukul said the situation in Khasi Hills and Garo Hills is different, because here in Khasi Hills there is no soskular like in Garo Hills. .
A meeting between the Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF), the Chief Executive Members and Sengbhalang expressed their strong opposition to the measures taken by the state government to resolve the dispute. border in the Psiar-Khanduli sector and to forget about the steps to ensure the return of Block I Block II to Meghalaya.
CANDIDASIS is a disease caused by infectious bacteria known as YEAST INFECTION which causes yeast infection. 81% women in these areas.
Balen said the smoke from the factory has also affected the Good Shepherd School in Ladrymbai.
The Minister also launched the Baby League Award and the website of the Meghalaya Football Association.
One day, after saving more money, he invited her to go for a walk with him to the police bazar after class.
The fish, the lwai, the birds, the birds of prey, the birds of prey, the birds of song can come from the river to enjoy the morning at sunrise.
On this occasion, the Chief Guests and the Symbud Kongsan also launched the souvenir of the party and concluded with the lowering of the jubilee flag.
The signs of the end are not peace but the suffering of mankind here on earth.
As part of the celebration, NEIAH has organized a program for about 10 hours from 8:00 pm in collaboration with the members of Shillong Golf Club followed by a seminar at NEIAH. Eastern Campus.
It was as if these children had been taken to the city.
Nongstoin, November 23: Professor Dr. Antoinette Kharmalki, one of the teachers at the Northeast Hills University, Shillong, is one of the most interesting and prolific writers in the field of writing. five books.
“On the 24th of June, members of the HYC Ri War Mihngi Circle (Pynursla Sub-Division) under the leadership of its President Lamphrang Khonglam together with seven members were able to Two trucks carrying muid and those intended to be smuggled into Bangladesh were arrested.
T.Lytep President of FKJGP said that the deterioration of this road has caused a serious damage to the houses and also to the people passing by. and this poses a great danger to the people.
Churches were burnt and destroyed and some people were killed and injured,” said Bah Pyrtuh.
Therefore, go to every village and constituency, explain to the people (not to the parties people), that it is now the Wat, which is indeed the “Hok” of the people.
“We have locked down the office of Nantu Das, we request the police and the court to bring justice.
When asked, he said that the reason for his departure from the party is because as the leaders of the Youth Wing, they have not had any opportunity to discuss and strengthen the party due to the lack of leaders. Party.
He said that there are people who support the MLA while they support the MDC.
She said that Ri-Bhoi is one of the famous places for the production of many agricultural products besides Sohtrun and other varieties of soh, and at present Ri-Bhoi has 4 Cold Storages. There is a need for more and more assistance to the farmers to ensure that their crops and crops do not rot.
The winners of the Sub Juniors and Juniors will have the opportunity to represent UMAI, India at the Youth IFMA Muaythai World Championship to be held in Turkey from 29th November to 7th March
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong Tongseng, West Rupon said that there is no relationship or opposition to religion, but because these believers have not received the NOC or permission from the village to build the church. , the village decided to leave.
The meeting was attended by the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh, Brig.
In the quarterfinals on Friday, Lumpariat beat Dulong 3-0
The match on Thursday (08-04-2022) will be between Nongrim Hills SC and Lawsohtun SC at 3:30 pm at MFA Ground, Polo, Shillong.
He said that the constituencies to win the VPP candidates should be proud that they have won the candidates because the supporters of the VPP are different from other political parties.
The news has not only affected the North East, but it was reported that the fish market in Chennai, which used to sell 200 tonnes of fish per week, has now dropped to 50 or 70 tonnes. and the price of fish which used to sell at T.200 per kilo has now dropped to T.130-T.150 per kilo.
New Delhi: The new traffic law of the Indian government has come into force since yesterday, but some states have opposed it and these include Punjab, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal and Rajasthan. .
