Stepburne from the TMC said that they will implement the promises made according to the manifesto.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided to hold the Mombati ceremony after the Mody University authorities admitted that the girl had died of drowning. but the family did not believe that the young woman would take her own life.
Regarding these issues, Bah AL Hek promised to work hard to help the group of pig farmers to improve the farming industry. sniang in the state and that it will be one of the sources of employment.
Shillong, June 28: The BJP Pynursla Mandal has decided to nominate candidates and work hard to win the 2018 MLA elections from Pynursla constituency.
The MLA joined the UDP as a member on 16th November,
The girls and boys and girls players of the district will leave the district on the 13th of July.
Explaining to the media, the residents of Umsarang village, including the village leaders and Longkmie, said that the allegation made by these people who do not claim to be residents of Pynthor village. Sohma, it is unfounded and it is only a desire to slander Umsarang.
Recently, Bah Julius Dorphang, was arrested again on 13th July 2021, after the court convicted him of involvement in the rape of a child in November In 2016, at a resort in Ribhoi and another complaint was that he raped at a guest house in Shillong.
This defeat has shocked the players of Lajong as well as the fans as it is a match that is difficult to win and move forward.
MHRC Secretary A. Mawlong said the Commission has lodged a Suo Moto on the matter and has ordered the CS to appoint a team of inquiry consisting of officers. not less than the rank of Secretary and the report shall be submitted within 45 days.
However, this is not the case and many of the villages in Meghalaya have been transferred to Assam according to the Soskular.
In the middle of this mawbynna there are four rows, a small row and a large row.
“An accident is an accident and there are laws that should be prosecuted for this act,” said Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh.
The United Kingdom is the third largest sender of aid to Ukraine with a total of 10.74 billion euros.
The wholesale and retail prices at Sonapur Oil Agency have been fixed at T.79.80/- and T.81.70/- respectively.
Revelation 12:7-9
His extensive knowledge of the customs, traditions and history of the Nation is evident in two articles he wrote and published in the Christian Leader Newspaper in 1912 and
Kermi Dkhar, Executive Member, Central Body and Jessi Dkhar, President, Khliehtyrshi Circle. All the speakers urged all the members to have a spirit of friendship, love and help. mutual, unity and solidarity in any field, and also to be kind, humane, respectful and grateful.
If anyone violates this, the Dorbar Shnong will take strict action against the sellers and land owners.
They went to the shop of the woman but when they reached the shop they found another police chief of the Battalion of Assam accompanied by two of his followers. at 6:30 pm.
Speaking to media after meeting with the officer, the President of the RBYO, Bah Baïateilang Lapang, said that the officer has explained to the RBYO that there is no ration distribution to the RBYO. They don't have an Aadhar card and even those who don't have an Aadhar card have the right to receive ration.
“The purpose is to educate and inform the people about the work that the government has done in the last two years,” said AICC General Secretary Narayanaswamy. The committee, headed by him, has considered the work of the government in the implementation of the party's election promises.
“However, if we go to our own demand even though we are from the same area we have to go and we still have to do so,” he added.
He said that according to the RTI, the union has found that it has allocated T.12 crore for the construction of the project and has already paid T.9.37 crore to the contractor. The remaining amount is T.3.13 crore.
Explaining about the raid, the investigating officer – Sub-Inspector Dilip Das said that the robbers involved in this crime mostly looked at the children who belonged to the country. poor families and encourage them to provide jobs in Silapathar, Assam.
While many Dkhars have gathered, what has the government done about the incident in Jhalupara even though it is still under investigation? Is it the government that has filed a complaint against them in the High Court? Before you do this, think 2 3 4 5 times about the Government.
The reason is the beautiful and pleasant nature and there are other factors that attract them.
Because in a clean marriage there is a secret.
The two candidates who will join the UDP are Process T Sawkmie MLA from Mawlai Constituency and Mayralborn Syiem MLA from Nongpoh Constituency.
The EIA notice was issued on 12th October 2020 for public comment.
Informing about this, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Monday said that he has already looked into the issues related to the department.
On the other hand, he said that the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong Ri-Bhoi District has also requested the state government to include two leaders from the Dorbar Rangbah Shnong Ri-Bhoi District to be members of the committee. The Special Committee has been appointed by the government to consider the issue of the powers of Rangbah Shnong in the state.
Speaking after the meeting with the Director of DSEL, JACATAM Chairman Bah ED Nongsiang said that the meeting was satisfactory and the Director of DSEL has sent a report to the government to do the needful.
“We urge the people of Meghalaya to join hands to support a united India without any discrimination or religious discrimination,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Alleging that Dr Mukul Sangma has used force and avoided talks to resolve any issues or challenges, Conrad said the NPP believes in listening to the voice of the people. to the people.
At this meeting, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills took a decision in accordance with the decision of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Hynniewtrep Hills including Ri Khasi and Jaintia led by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Sor and Khapsor. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District has set a deadline that if the government does not accept the Bill by sending it to the Governor by 10th July, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District will The Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills have taken another strong step to force the government to pass laws according to the wishes and aspirations of the Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills. .
In terms of their activities, these two are no longer unknown to the public, but have been prominent in the media since the past years, in which they have also participated. the struggle for the implementation of the RTI Act in Meghalaya and India as well.
All the residents of the State have cooperated with the Government to close down their villages and markets to fight against the coronavirus, which has affected various countries in the world including India.
Nambie Marak, one of the residents of Meghalaya, has reached the semi final of the Master Chief Season-8
We are also ready to discuss with the National Parties whether their objectives are not acceptable or beneficial to our Jaidbynriew,” he said. border for more than 50 years.
This woman has given birth to three children and all the children are healthy.
Mamata Banerjee, Chief Minister of West Bengal, today announced that the distribution of ration to the people of the state will continue till July
The full program of the celebration was held at the office of the Superintendent of Police, Nongstoin.
New members of the Congress party include leading singer Kangther Bey and one of the activists of the Autonomous Movement in 1986-9
The cash prizes for these categories are 25000 tyngka for the first place, 15000 tyngka for the second place and 10000 tyngka for the third place.
When asked by the reporter, the thief said, “You stole the mobile phone and you stole her heart”.
The family members and village headmen of Siangra, Nongstoin Hima, West Khasi Hills District, have expressed their gratitude to the police department especially to the Supervising Officer Meghalaya Police COVID Control for their ability to search and track down this student. i their family only in a short time.
One of the reasons why people lose their lives is because of the lack of thinking in the world.
“If it is implemented as it is now, it will put a serious threat to the District Council,” said Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, CEM KHADC. was this Wednesday.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Union Minister of State for Housing and Development, Kaushal Kishor in charge of Housing and Development in Delhi.
The Ministry has described the Umngot River as one of the cleanest rivers in the world.
On the other hand, the ECI has urged that the election campaign should be focused on the issues of jura and to avoid rude speech.
Savji Dholakia, the owner of the company, has posted pictures of these vehicles on his Facebook page.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Kur Phawa Siangshai will be held on the 11th of November this year.
Conrad K Sangma said that last month he had met with the Home Minister of India, Amit Shah and explained the views expressed by various groups in the state on the issue. to amend the Seventh Schedule of the Constitution.
Meanwhile, Mayralborn said the government should allow the villagers to pay gradually if they have a lot of electricity bill as it makes it difficult for the villagers to pay once.
However, the Chief Secretary also praised the hospital for its cooperation with the government in the past two years in the fight against Coronavirus.
Both the matches were won by tie breakers.
He was also an MP of the Rajya Sabha from 2002 to
In response, India has focused on reducing tobacco production by increasing taxes, imposing stricter regulations and conducting public awareness campaigns on the dangers of tobacco.
It is for this reason that while the tipbriew tipblei is still in power, we still have books that stimulate, please and strengthen the worldly thought, and when the tipbriew tipblei has begun to disappear from the life of the writer, books appear. which lead to evil and corrupt the hearts of the readers.
“These trees have been illegally cut down in illegal factories and cannot be transported in this manner because according to the rules, round logs should be cut only at the Industrial Estate in Khliehtyrshi,” he said. said Dr. Chyrmang.
He said the ICC will visit the villages selected by the state government to meet the farmers and provide information and guide them to sell their produce.
If today, Meghalaya is the most corrupt state, it is not because of the people.
They also collect money from the contractors when they do any work because they demand a percentage.
He also advised the youth that if they want to enter various jobs they should not just wait for those who come to help them but they should be prepared through examinations.
North Eastern Council (NEC) Secretary K Moses Chalai said the 12 km, 5.45 km railway project in the Indian part of the country has been funded by DoNER and the North Eastern Council. NEC costs T.863 crore.
The Chief Medical Officer of Bethany Hospital, 69, is the first case of novel coronavirus in the state.
The Executive Council of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will meet in the first month of April this year to take a decision on the establishment of another Karate Association in the State.
Bah Kanasing, who is also the NPP candidate in the last MLA election from Mawkynrew constituency, said that they are very sorry that just because of the bad condition of the road, it has reached the point where the mother of the 7 three children shall lose their lives.
Our children need to go to schools and colleges and we have to pay their tuition fees along with other expenses,” said NGEA President Brithen Sangma.
This delay in receiving water has also affected the water distribution scheme in Jowai city as without electricity it is impossible to pump water from Myntdu to distribute to the people.
They were taken to Civil Hospital for medical check up.
After the video, in which a school student prayed, spread, the district administration led by Magistrate L Kharmon and the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board led by YF Laloo, Environmental Engineer, , they took action and did something.
The winners of the final will receive T.2,00,000/- (two lakh tyngka) and the runners up will receive T.1,00,000/- (one lakh tyngka).
In Mumbai alone, 2,321 cases were reported and 42 deaths were reported.
“What is the State Transport Commissioner and the office of the District Transport Officer doing? asked the leader.
She also suggested that the government should turn to ropeways and cable cars as there are many companies or financial institutions who are willing to invest in these projects.
At present, this PHC serves 34 villages, with no more than 37,000 residents, but the lack of full time doctors and nurses has caused problems to the residents. in this area.
Speeches were also delivered by Marbiang Phyllei Adviser HFU Jaintia Hills who explained about the progress of the HFU in Jaintia Hills and the challenges faced by the farmers.
NEHU Vice Chancellor Prof PS Shukla on Thursday urged the Joint Action Committee (JAC) to stop the indefinite strike without considering the grounds. Their demand is that it will not affect the overall situation within the university.
In the final match of the day, R Shkenshynriah SC beat R Madanpynriang SC 1-0. The goal was scored by Iaishah Bareh 17′ from the penalty spot.
There is a Youtuber who says that the house headed by a woman is the house of the devil.
He said that the teachers' strike is a failure of the work of the Conrad Sangma government, which has been trying from time to time to improve the quality of education in the state.
“This is a very old school and it is a great loss to the students, the teachers, the church and also the community that has served them over the years.
The poor roads show that there is a lot of corruption in the Public Works Department (PWD) which is in charge of the construction of roads across the state.
Khliehriat beat Sutnga 3-1 in the tie breaker.
Australia and New Zealand are the co-hosts of this year's tournament which will start on 20th November.
Hima Lakiang, Chairperson WWO-Seinraij conducted the meeting and received the welcome speech from Rily Suwer, Executive Member, WWO-Seinraij.
It was a day of remembrance for the hero who, although he died, encouraged the future generations to live as he did.
We don’t care where the state is going.
The trial will be held at Mawmluh Football Ground from 8:30 pm.
In other parts of the city, shops were open even late on Sunday except for the closure of markets.
The curfew will be in force in Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Ri-Bhoi except Garo Hills.
Explaining about these trees, Bah P.Mynsong, said that the family did not go to cut from the forest of Assam, but they went to cut from the forest of a private person, through an understanding. and the owner of the forest.
At present, Star Cement has failed three times in this public awareness campaign.
“If the Dorbar Shnong or Village Defense Party receives information about drug traffickers and users, they can inform the police so that the ANTF (Anti Narcotic Task Force) can take all necessary action,” he said. said.
Last year, there was a demand to relocate the CRPF station from Mawlai village. Today, the Minister of Arts and Culture held a meeting to discuss the issue. meeting to discuss this issue.
Shillong, November 30: Many things have happened in the state in 2014, whether in the state government or in the district council.
Comments can be sent by email to jsb-moib[at]gov[dot]in within 30 days of publication of this notice.
Where do the children who are not in school or who are temporarily absent go? We see that from 2020 to 2022, the lockdown of COVID-19 has left many families around the world impoverished because they can no longer go to work as usual.
He expressed his hope that this religious song of Leoberth which was released today will be a song that will stir up the people of Ri-Lum Garo especially in these days of Christmas. he is a singer.
Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today said that if the government finds that these fish are still containing formalin after testing, the government will have to Formalin is a chemical that prevents fish from rotting while affecting the people who do not eat fish because it causes cancer.
Your life is like a ship that you have to sail with confidence and strength, because only you can lead your ship to your destination.
The Club has celebrated this year with various activities and games throughout the year including gymnastics, volleyball, song competition, dance competition and others.
And if everyone got rid of poverty, how could the billionaires be able to win elections? We must understand that the rich in the world do not want poverty to disappear because if poverty disappears, no one will stand in line to ask for money. election time and that will make it difficult for the rich candidates to win the elections.
“During our visit, we said that we would lodge a complaint if they don't stop the work, but the surprising thing is that one of the PWD engineers said, 'No one has stopped the work. you can file an FIR,” said Deb.
“MH Dkhar, President of AJYWO.
On the same day, he also inspected the road connecting Rangmal Badim village and later distributed M-Tabs to the students of Williamnagar through the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid. for Students Scheme.
On the other hand, members of FKJGP led by the Information Secretary of the FKJGP, Bah Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, went to meet the Gram Sevikas groups who have been on strike at Nongthymmai Square.
After counting, the bill of Rs 20,000, Rs 24,000 thousand has been reduced to Rs 4,000 or Rs
For any assistance, please contact the District Emergency Operation Center at 03654280202/9485005523, EAC, Revenue & Disaster Management 09362541814 and Block
Shillong: Ferlin CA Sangma, who won the mid-term elections from the 48-Selsella Constituency of the National People's Party (NPP), was sworn in as MLA to the 48th Legislative Assembly.
This decision was taken by the Khanduli Dorbar Shnong at a meeting held on Tuesday at the Khanduli Football Ground.
Two truck drivers from the Amrit Cement Plant in Umlaper, East Jaintia Hills, have found that in the past three years, there has been a dewbilat overload. dewbilat worth Rs 19.45 crore.
Currently there are only 9 books in this Bible while the other books are being recorded and will be uploaded to the App. update the App.
Conrad, who left for Manipur along with Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, to curb the political unrest in the state, but yesterday, Sangma was tested positive for the virus.
Ma Andrew Shullai, MDC Jowai Central, who extended his hand to the ASHAs on Tuesday, said that the strike by the ASHAs has caused trouble in the villages because they are human beings. They are also the leaders of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare in terms of any information gathering and forwarding activities regarding the health of the community around the country.
The voice of these leaders was to pay tribute to the leaders who have taken part in the establishment of the District from Dr. DD Lapang, Bah JD Rymbai, Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, Bah Fleming Lapang and Other leaders who through their farsightedness and responsibility to the people of Ri Bhoi have got their own district and Ri Bhoi has continued to develop in all aspects.
The Market Complex will also be an effort to improve the traffic in the Sohra Market.
Shillong: Police have informed that the road from Laitumkhrah Police Point to Laitumkhrah Beat House, where vehicles used to be allowed to park, will no longer be allowed to park at this place.
Shillong, Nailar 07: Mawshynrut MLA Bah Witting Mawsor has apologized to the people of his constituency for not being able to meet them for two months due to his illness.
“I am confident in the leadership of the Chief Minister of Assam and the Government of India and we will find a way to resolve this issue through mutual trust and friendship,” he said. , we have urged the Survey of India to continue the survey of the seven areas that have already been discussed and to complete the survey as soon as possible”.
Regarding this incident, the police have been closely monitoring especially those who have recently been released on bail for theft.
The Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills District, today decided to hold a special celebration known as the 75th Independence Day. Independence Day Week Celebration 2021.
The doctor also explained how to build houses so that the pigs are free from diseases and grow quickly.
Speaking to reporters, Superintendent of Police North Garo Hills Shailendra Bamaniya said that the incident happened on the 24th but it was on the 26th that they came to lodge a complaint. Resubelpara PS and said that police are conducting investigation to track down the perpetrators.
For those people who have been in contact with these employees of the Safeshop and if they feel that they have any symptoms such as fever, cough and difficulty in breathing, they are advised to stay away from others. They should also inform the District Control Room No.03638-232028/1077 and Health Help Line No.
The road to the countryside, which has not yet been cleared as it is now, is indeed a forest road which we have walked without hesitation, with courage, not with fear.
Shillong, Nailur 7: Two persons, Lalkhawing Khun (26) and David Hmar (22) of Mawlyngngad and Sohryngkham, Shillong, have been arrested at 3 pm today. Happy Valley, Shillong.
Perhaps in countries ruled by the last military forces this can happen.
There will be a weigh-in for all the participants on 13th March 2023 at Madan Malki from 11 am to 4 pm.
The winners in various categories were Miss Photogenic – Eshanee Hatimuria (Assam); Miss Perfect Ten – Irene Dkhar (Meghalaya); Miss Talent – ​​Eshanee Hatimuria (Assam); Queen of Hearts – Lika Chophy (Nagaland); Miss Beautiful Skin – Manasha Devi Sapam (Manipur) and Miss Multimedia – Dyna Jomo (Arunachal Pradesh).
The song and recording are by Glikarius Lyngdoh, the audio mastering is by Maitphang Syiemiong and the video is by PHL Group Entertainment.
“It is also worth mentioning that on 21st November, 2022, a day before the rally, NPP youths had put up posters on the streets of Tura town against Bernard Marak.
At the same time, this program will also serve as a platform for Local Health Tradition Practitioners (LHTPs) not only to showcase their God-given skills, but at the same time to It is an opportunity for them to meet and interact with the relevant government authorities as well as the public.
This is why it is necessary that in this age children, young people, or adults are more aware of religious teachings based on these things from across the sea, but they are not able to learn their own religious teachings. the fundamental rights of mankind in their own nation.
“It is understood that a committee has been set up to listen to the views of various groups, political parties, responsible citizens and others regarding the review of the recruitment quota. see 'Reservation Policy'.
The 5 persons included 3 retired officers and 2 personnel of the company.
He said he had personally visited these villages to understand the problem.
They also requested the CEM JHADC and DC WJHD to order the relevant departments to fight to maintain the cleanliness of the Myntdu River by arresting and punishing those who throw soil into the Myntdu River. .
The decision to hold the meeting came after the Sengbhalang groups refused to participate in the meeting of the Sengbhalang groups scheduled to be held in Shillong.
However, Nengnongum did not miss this golden opportunity to lead RUFC to victory.
“When teachers enter the classroom, the students should feel happy like a flower after being welcomed in the sun,” said the Governor. students to encourage and teach them to lead.
The Seng would like to thank the Department of PWD and especially the EE and the leaders of Sohra and Shella who have been able to implement the following projects.
On the part of Bah Sunny B Warjr, Secretary, he expressed his gratitude to all those who have donated to the club and the club is very grateful to those friends who have donated generously for the needs of the children. .
Indeed, it is time for the government to provide assistance only to those who obey the government's directives.
This school has completed Dulong to win the title.
In terms of this year's Asia Cup, Pakistan is the most likely country to host the tournament, but the Indian team has expressed its desire to play all its matches. in the field that was not in the country.
He said that all the examinations will go smoothly and the police have been very vigilant to maintain peace and order in these areas.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that earlier, the Government had received a report from a consultant that the cost of construction of the runway, including the cutting of the mountain costs up to Rs 7,000 crore.
New Delhi: There have been 86,498 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours, the lowest number in the past 66 days.
On the other hand, these leaders thanked all those who have taken part in resolving the issues that have arisen in the past few days until the farmers can no longer sell their synsar, but with the The Government through the Minister of Agriculture has now ensured that the farmers no longer need to worry that synsar, Sohmarit and Latyrpad have fallen under the list of agricultural products and not forest products.
I understand that you (supporters) are surprised at my withdrawal from the election, but the reason is to bring unity in Le Mow (Mowkaiaw, Mukhap and Mowtyrshiah), said Eleazer Christopher Dkhar. He fought and reached the goal, but because he wanted to unite Le Mow, he lost.
About 3,000 athletes will compete in 22 categories.
Donbestar Syiemlieh, who has been one of the youths who has set a good example for other youths from Mawkyrwat and the state as a whole, has received many benefits and examples through sports. and this young man.
The JAC has decided not to participate in any activities organized by the VC or the Non Cooperation Movement.
He also gave an example of those from Laitjem who have Youtube channels which are good at acting and beautiful. “It is something that frees people from the evil of this world,” said Bah Beyond. The players of Mawreng and Lumsohriew to work hard and improve in the field of sports.
The special program will be a Quiz Competition which will start at 11 pm.
Speaking as a writer, Bah Moonlight thanked his father and relatives who have encouraged and helped him since he was a child especially since his mother died when he was a child. eh map.
The belief in eternal life among the Jews was born and developed from their contact with other peoples and especially with the Persians.
It puts before the MDA allies two names that have been well received by the longrynieng rynñiot to be suitable for this election, so that if the allies within the MDA do not like one of them; They will have the opportunity to elect another, because the UDP has only these two candidates.
“He said that to promote economic development, the government will look into various buildings in the area which will include the office of the deputy commissioner in the new district as well as the conventions. centres, auditoriums, sports grounds and cinemas within the district headquarters.
The union has taken action after receiving a complaint from the people and has visited the ICDP Center at Mawlong Village, Nongtluh, Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to media on 20th November, after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD) condemned the protest by the The All Ri Bhoi Garo Headman Association (AGA) has held a public meeting at Rangsakona to demand that the Hima Mylliem and KHADC should withdraw their order to the Hima Mylliem. The DC has ordered the DC not to accept the No Objection Certificate (NOC) or the Dulir land, certified by the Rangbah Shnong Garo.
Under the leadership of Dr Sangma, Warjri said she has been able to establish social agreements with the ANVC and ANVC (B) while working on the HNLC. The incident in Garo Hills, has caused bloodshed and deaths of people and the police has touched my soul and with deep sorrow for this, I propose to suspend the I am not a minister,” said Kong Warjri in a statement.
He said it is good that Dr Mukul Sangma should discuss the date of his meeting with Nalin Kohli.
In the presence of the Rangbah Shnong of Umlynghong, Bah Overson Mawroh, the Rangbah Shnong of Umlynghong and the youngest daughter of Kong Ialinda, Kong Ialinda said that the golden earrings and the golden sati The Dkhar has been arrested for more than 10 tola and worth about T.50 thousand tyngka.
Police said that after this incident, Sengjon has now fled from the hands of the law.
“The state government is still in the process of implementing and taking such measures to fight for the generation of electricity from solar energy.
The purpose of the Synod in building this house is to assist all those who need accommodation when they go to Vellore for treatment.
The funeral service will be held on 18/06/2021 at the Thadlaboh Presbyterian Church, Jowai.
He said that there are about 43,000 poor people in the state according to the government's estimates.
“The responsible members of the AC are deeply concerned about the violation of the limits of the powers of the AC and the violation of the rules and procedures under the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinance,” he said.
“It's you, Thei.
Karnataka scored the first goal for J&K in the 29th minute before Aditya Mohan (33'), Godwin Johnson (46'), Elangbam Tondon Meitei (54') and Shreyas Ketkar (82') scored. penalty).
After this, they were handed over to the police chiefs in charge of the Railway Department for further investigation.
This happened after seven villages, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Mupyut and War Jaintia Cricle on the 19th of this month protested against the dumping of garbage at Mynkjai, Jowai. JMB and JHADC have thrown away the garbage without finding it which has caused a lot of pollution which has affected the environment and which can affect the health of the residents and visitors.
“The purpose of the hospital is whether the patient is poor or rich, we must provide the same treatment because we must fight to save the patients whether they are children or women,” she said. Dr. M. King.
Israel and the world are eagerly awaiting the time when the supreme ruler of the world will issue such a decree, which Daniel calls – the false covenant.
Speaking at the election campaign rally in Mendipathar, Conrad said the NPP-led Government can change the mindset of the people on Garo Hills whether inside or outside the State. especially in the Central Government.
She said that the rice should not be distributed for six months and should not be distributed for days because the poor do not have enough money to buy it.
On the other hand, Roly Phawa, owner of Mei-ramew Café, said that she will work hard to improve the shop and expressed her gratitude for the training she has received from SURE and NESFAS. Lamare, who is an associate of SURE, said that this is the second time that they have been able to open the Meiramew café.
At the same time they are also high in fat (especially saturated or bad fat) and low in fibre.
Phramer Cricket Club, which won the toss, tied first and set a target of 303 runs for the loss of six wickets in 35 overs.
In fact, the Association has sent a letter No. MCTA/GS/20012-14/0019 dated 13.05.2013 to the Principal Secretary, Education Department, Bah PS Thangkhiew, IAS. R.C.Laloo, Deputy Chief Minister i/c Education Department and Director, Higher and Technical Education, Smt.
The HYC strongly condemns these illegal traffickers who are not allowed to commit such crimes even at this time of lockdown in the state.
He said that the leaders have set a priority as leaders to eradicate corruption not only in terms of money but also in terms of time and rank.
He said the BJYM demands that they should be removed from their leadership for these illegal acts and if the Prime Minister cannot punish them, he should resign.
On the other hand, the JAC has decided not to hold a meeting to explain to the public why they are against the end of the festival on Sunday.
Sources said that a meeting was held between the two former CEMs of KHADC in recent days to discuss the issue of joining the only MLA of KHNAM. Bah Adelbert will join the VPP, but his friends who used to support him will also follow him to join the VPP. They said that the visit of the MLA North Shillong is very appropriate, as Bah Adelbert and Bah Ardent both have a similar working method and philosophy, especially the their patriotic spirit and their courage to speak the truth.
Donations were made to 5 hard-working sisters and also to the children with toys and school supplies.
Shillong, Naitung : The Additional Deputy Commissioner (Supply), Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Sohra today informed that the distribution of rice under the PDS for the month of November has been released. In 2022, all shops will receive ration from the government.
The funeral service will be held on 24/01/2024 at 2 pm at the Unitarian Church Jowai.
The signs of the Hynniewtrep people's identity have disappeared.
On the Shillong constituency, Conrad said, “We have worked hard here and we thank all the political parties who have supported us, whether we have received support now from the BJP or from the BJP. TMC support in Nongthymmai Constituency and outside Nongthymmai Constituency.
He announced this at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the new Damalgre Block at Rerapara, South West Garo Hills.
Paul said that the disease, which affects the respiratory system, usually works violently in the cold or rainy season and therefore he suggested that there should be a celebration, with a few people. There will be no increase in the number of recoveries in the past 11 days.
Speaking to reporters, Board Member of the All Meghalaya Domestic Workers Union (ANYU) Elbina Nongkhlaw said that the Union has already submitted a letter to the Chief Minister. The Government has not yet responded.
There was strong opposition to Ajmal's statement, but he clarified that he did not say anything wrong and said that the number of crimes has increased. the lack of education among the people.
Guwahati: The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) is necessary as more than 19 lakh people have been removed from the National Register. of Citizens (NRC), which was released on 31st July
“Initially, as a party, we decided not to appoint Teinwell MDC from Shella, Titos MDC from Sohra and Paul Lyngdoh MDC from Jaiaw. The decision was taken after the United Democratic Alliance (UDA) coalition in KHADC collapsed after some UDA MDCs left to support the EC led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongngor.
Puducherry are still leading Meghalaya by 95/4, and they will play their final tomorrow.
“We are sorry for such an incident and we strongly condemn the violence of the law enforcement agencies,” said Bah Eldie.
On the other hand, the FKJGP Seng invites all the paradoh parasnam of the state to come together on this day and also to the members of the Seng so that with one voice, we can encourage and express The Government of India should not allow us as a state to have our own laws to protect us as a nation.
Why doesn't the Government have to wait for a complaint? Is the Government blind when almost all the children also know that the sale of illegal liquor is rampant everywhere,” said Zenith.
India and India are close in constitutional relations, so there is no problem, and we create problems when there is nothing,” Conrad told reporters.
Actions to maintain them are essential for their future security.
JP Sharma was also honored for his 25 years of service to the college, the college leaders and the students who scored the highest marks in Mathematics, Salancy Pohleng and Botany. Sharing Information.
He said that Dominic is an inspiration to other filmmakers in the state that if he (Dominic) can reach the biggest stage in the world through hard work and perseverance, Sangma. he sincerely hopes others can do the same.
He said the government's claim that the GDP growth of up to 15 percent is merely a claim but the truth is not.
Shillong, November 28: The AJSU Sengkmie, has strongly opposed the people who come to the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency to deceive the people to get benefits only to deceive the people to get benefits in the 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency. during elections to get votes.
After an appeal in 2019, the Supreme Court lifted the ban and sent the State Government as well as India to prepare various agreements and leases to allow according to scientists.
The champions of the state are Sanjeev Maskut (46-48kg), Banjop Nongkhlaw (51-54kg), Melvin Marbaniang (54-57kg), Kordor Marwein (57-60kg), Badonkupar Synnah (60-63.5kg), Bhalang Shadap. (63.5-67kg), Balnas Sangma (67-71kg) and Justerwell Jyrwa (71-75kg).
Bah Titos urged the TTAADC authorities to take action and turn around to address the issues of the Khasi-Pnars who have been recognized as indigenous people in the State since the time of Syiem Manikya.
They also met with the Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh to convey their demands, and said that the Minister has promised to take care of their problem.
Several residents of Sohiong Constituency on 27th June came forward to seek clarification from the former MLA of Sohiong Constituency, Bah Samlin Malngiang on the loss of money that they should have received from the MLA scheme.
During the rainy months (April – September) the village receives rainfall.
We also urge and demand the Chief Minister of Meghalaya that if the Assam Government does not agree to return Block-1 to Meghalaya, he should not sign the MOU. Thai.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) on Friday sent a petition to the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui demanding that the State Government should not appoint teachers. SSA schools in Lower Primary and Upper Primary which have been left empty due to the resignation and death of teachers and other reasons.
The teacher said that people should have a responsibility not only for their own job or education but also for the environment in which we live. .
At Amlarem Civil Sub Division, the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui was the chief guest who hoisted the flag and received salute from the six groups.
Making strategic leadership by experts a national goal.
Don't play politics with the lives of people because politics is a very different subject while these are issues that should be worked together to resolve through mutual understanding,” said Sniawbha.
Earlier, Ardent had held a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat on the issue but after the government did not take any action on the demand, the VPP took a stronger stance.
The ICDS has allocated funds for the construction of 2 ICDS centres, provides nutritious food items to the children such as rice, dai, sugar, milk, Shana, atta, shira and others.
On the other hand, the Government in a meeting with the political parties tomorrow, will show how many groups will be allocated the number of vacancies according to the Roster System.
God from above watches over those who love Him, We shall not fear, we shall not be dismayed, The Lord will bless us.
Shillong: U Congress MLA HM Shangpliang on Tuesday said that the opposition will seek clarification in the Legislative Assembly from the state government on the release of some of the people who have been arrested. plans to revive terrorism in the state.
This is because a smile for a while every day strengthens the mind which makes a person free to think about the future which allows him to feel desire for life.
In order to ensure freedom of expression and the publication of opinions on banks, the party has brought together a single household, community entrepreneurs, leaders of it is the key farmers, agricultural scientists, policy makers of tomorrow's future and individuals with expertise in agriculture.
Mrityunjay Bharali scored 17 not out.
We often speak ill of cooks, vendors, and bartenders.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the MPSO, led by Bah Marshal L. Nonglait, President Sengkmie and Kong M. Wanniang, President, Ri Bhoi District, today visited Iongkhuli village. Along with the Puh Shilum Corporation, for the purpose of demolishing the electricity posts illegally installed by Assam in the village, which is also on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
Similarly, the drivers of commercial vehicles from Shillong have reported that not only here but also in Tyrsad and so on.
However, what is more surprising is that some of those who have been running shops for many years have not asked or said that they need to get NOC from the District Council.
Similarly, the VDP of the village prohibits and warns against anyone who sells alcoholic beverages in the village, such as kyiad, drugs and other alcoholic beverages.
However, now they are cancelled.
The KSU South West Khasi Hills (KSU) said that the Ranikor, Borsora, Balat, Pongkung and Mawkyrwat areas have been quiet this morning, as the people have cooperated with the curfew.
JD Lyngdoh, President of Don Bosco Past Students, Shillong and Valerian Pakma President of the Provincial Federation in their speeches, explained the purpose of the Don Bosco Alumni Association.
There is no entry at Jrisaleiñ Junction - Chutwakhu - Chilliang Raij road, Riat Longpiah - Aitnar, Loomiongkjam - Aitnar, Umshangiar - Khimusniang - Chiliang Raij - Chilliang Raij road, Iongpiah - Panaliar (old Civil street), Dulong - Iongpiah Internal, Dulong (Kdohhati) - Iongpiah street.
Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar said that when he went to reconcile the villages of Thyllaw and Mawlongbna, he was invited. “It's like I'm just going to eat,” he said, “but it didn't affect him much,” he said. Tein said that the CEM was not invited by the Thyllaw and Mawlongbna when they came to talk to him in his office. he has been involved since he visited these two villages.
The body will be taken to Jowai tomorrow at 2 pm and the funeral service will be held on the 31st August at 1 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jowai.
The letter was signed by the President of KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Streamly.
He added that this song has produced the sounds of enthusiasm for the people of the state for the days to come.
Shillong: The Chairperson of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), Kong Theilin Phanbuh today urged the women especially the youth to Women should not be fooled by the words of others to work abroad to get a high salary, without first finding out the truth.
Hundreds of houses have been destroyed by the cold weather in Nongsning alone due to the heavy cold weather on Friday night.
As he sat alone, he heard someone vomiting in the inner room.
The Executive Committee was dissolved by UDP MDC from Sohra Titostarwell Chyne as Chief Executive Member (CEM) through a no confidence motion (NCM) moved by NPP MDC from Rambrai-Jyrngam Bah Bajop Pyngrope. on the opening day of the Dorbar Lyiur of the Council today.
About 700 athletes from various BSF athletes came to participate in various sports including Judo, Wushu, Gymnastics, and Taekwondo.
According to the driver, the child, when she reached the 17 Mer, fell from the auto rickshaw which was moving and caused her serious injuries.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF) today decided to cancel the two-night curfew after the state government promised to hold a two-night curfew. to reinstate two employees of MUDA, Byrnihat who have been forcibly dismissed by the Urban Development Department in the past few months.
Meghalaya has been in existence for more than 50 years in which we the children of Hynniewtrep and the Achik or Garo people have many differences in culture and other ways.
The campaign started on the 5th of this month.
The cause of the incident is still unknown whether it was the fault of the two-wheeler or the Maruti Alto
The condition of the road, not only creates problems for traffic but also endangers human life, in fact the people need to have a good road and feel safe for traffic, However, as of now, the road especially in Khliehriat is filled with heavy streams filled with water and a long hand which has become like a forest road and is no longer a national highway.
“We also want to ask the Anti-Infiltration Department of Mawngap and Mawsynram Police what they are doing.
He said that the machines can break like mobile phones due to misuse but there is a difference between intentional theft because EVMs cannot be stolen.
The High-Level Tribes have been in existence for three years, and it is known that they have been involved in the transportation of mineral resources from the state.
In this regard, the union has ordered all its members not to take First Semester classes in all subjects from 1st July, 2023 and members not to take any classes. not regarding the implementation of the NEP until further notice.
It is still waiting for the Government of India.
These secrets are more healthful, but it is necessary to know all these things.
“There are fewer and fewer friends with age but in today's technology through technology you can get closer to no and no anywhere which is one of the ways to cure loneliness,” said MB. Tongue.
“Therefore, we have requested them (HNLC) not to say that there are many conflicts, there will be some incidents that will lead to conflict and but the desire for peace is important and necessary,” he said. said Sangma.
“I appeal to the public not to be in a hurry to spread inappropriate videos and not to harass especially children.
Bradly Lyngdoh scored the first goal in the 36th minute.
Then to participate in dramas and others.
On the other hand, Kong Jecinta Secretary, said that when looking at other areas, the leaders, think of the ASHAs, during this time of covid-19, but in Amla area, they are not. you are long and slow.
There are 299 cases in East Khasi Hills, 204 cases in East Khasi Hills, 5 cases in West Khasi Hills, 30 cases in Ribhoi, 12 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 12 cases in East Jaintia Hills. 2 cases, 30 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in South West Garo Hills and 3 cases in South Garo Hills.
This food was served at a restaurant in Khyndailad.
From Khanapara to Malidor, To look at me is not worth it; The mountains and the hills are turned into colour, Because of the wealth to be proud of.
“The Delhi Police are not our enemies, but they could not give us permission to hold a protest in Rajghat because this is in the name of politics...Regarding “We have decided to pray at that place,” Banerjee told reporters.
The funeral ceremony was attended by a procession of political leaders who thought only of the vote bank.
The 2nd Inter-Office T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 was inaugurated by Bah T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District as the chief guest in the presence of Bah BJ Kharshandi, IAS. Former Sub Divisional Officer (SDO) of Ranikor Civil Sub Division, along with other government officials and spectators and supporters of the two groups.
The United States on Tuesday demanded that Russia release Wall Street Journal journalist Evan Gershkovich and not punish him for his involvement in the spy. Russia is not allowed.
Colleges should take care of all skilled development centres, from factories, enterprises that can provide internships to youth.
B.Kharbuli (Ex.Chief Engineer P.W.D).
Dhana SC took the lead through Wanlam Kassar in the 7th minute, but Thangskai Tiger SC didn't hesitate and tried to score. Rymbai for 12 minutes.
On this Independence Day and celebration of the 75th Anniversary, the people of Umlakhar need electricity,” he added.
Nongpoh: The HSPDP Umsning Constituency today together with several office bearers of Ri Bhoi District, Bah Premson Makdoh, one of the leaders, visited the Umsning Constituency. KP Pangiang, for the purpose of strengthening the party in the district and especially for the Umsning Constituency, in this 2023 election.
In these 50 or 100 years of income growth and development in all fields, Ri Khasi does not have skilled leaders to promote skill development because we are sleeping lyngngai in the coal mining and development. to come and work foreigners, at a reasonable price and that the work is done properly.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 08: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Welfare Organization (RBYWO) today met with the Joint Director of Soil & Water Conservation at the Conservation Training Institute, Byrnihat to demand the immediate dismissal of One foreigner who has been accused of illegal recruitment even in the post Muster Roll which will be held from 1st November
He went to Dholai under the leadership of Minister of State Malai Sohmat.
“We have sent the documents to the government and as the border issue is the subject of the state government we cannot do anything, but only the request and request that the government should arrange for the said Thombor.
Of these, 21 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills District, 5 cases in Ribhoi District and 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills District.
All the meat vendors are facing this disaster, but they have to go through this process to get the results,” he said.
A house has been burnt down by a fire on 25th June 2023 at Shnongpdeng village, Amlarem Sub Division, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: “When I looked at the profile of Bah Gabriel Wahlang, among others, I saw him as the leader of this constituency. “If you win, whatever you want to do for Nongstoiñ, I don't know, but it is through Bah Gabriel that all these things will happen,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma, Minister. Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Gabriel Wahlang, Congress candidate at a public meeting held today at Iew Nongstoiñ.
Before Langsning FC opened the scoring through Damonlang Pathaw in the 40th minute, Lajong had already stirred up the Langsning players as they had many chances to score but failed.
Nongpoh, July 07: KSU Tyrso Unit, FKJGP Tyrso Circle, Raid Tyrso Village Leaders and Tyrso Valley Wildlife Protection Society today visited a place that the government has allocated. The government has planned to build a Multi Facility Center in Tyrso village for the needs of the people in the area, but it was found that the government scheme has been stalled without being completed yet.
The border guard in Block-2, urged the MLAs and MDCs in Ri Bhoi, not to play with the feelings of the people in Block-2, because if they really intend to take action for the sake of They demanded the rights of the people on the border, they should take action to speak in the Legislative Assembly of the State Government, in order to resolve the issues faced by the people in Block-2
The department has one Inspector, five Sub-Inspectors, five Head Constables and 38 Constables.
Shillong, Naitung, 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) and the HSPDP have decided not to cooperate ahead of the 2023 elections. , but the partnership will only be available after the Election.
“Take my head easily, but think of your own family, because they will have to pay a high price for the lawyers to fight the case in court,” he said.
“These days I have gone to inform the Executive Engineer (EE) and the SDO in charge of Mawsynram area through the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department regarding the problems faced by the residents. They are facing especially during this rainy season which affects the poor families,” he said.
As part of encouraging them to take up more schemes according to the needs of the children, teachers who will benefit from taking up more government schemes for the children will receive them. award for foreign travel.
Prestone said that after the work was carried out, only one company participated, which prompted the Ministry to call for a new one and I am sure that by June, this work will be completed and the construction of the road will resume.
Jowai, March 25: The Hynniewtrep National People's Federation (HNPF) West Jaintia Hills District has expressed its concern over the lack of doctors in charge of the Community Health Center (CHC) Shangpung. complaints from the public who went to get medicine from the government hospital.
Regarding the murder, the union urges the law enforcement authorities to conduct an investigation so that those involved in the murder can be arrested. The union also sent its condolences to the family members of the victim.
Police will continue to investigate Kundra till 23rd November
Referring to the Tura Medical College, the Minister said that the construction is progressing.
The day began with the blessing of the fruit leaves followed by the Holy Mass and so on.
The distance will now be up to 90 kilometers to reach the block office just to complete the works related to the block and therefore the NBAJAC strongly requests the MDA government to provide a new block in Narpuh area. which has set up its headquarters in Lumshnong for the convenience of our people and to bring government offices closer especially to the rural areas.
The earthquake has shocked the residents not only in many parts of Meghalaya, but also in Assam.
If the UDP has decided to sit in the opposition, the contest in the Legislative Assembly will have been less interesting as it will have 25 MLAs while the ruling party will have 34 MLAs. Sohiong constituency is good for the UDP, there will be a good opportunity to renew the government.
Fenella said that according to case no.
“My dismissal is unacceptable,” said Lyngdoh.
These houses belong to Kong Klon Wardkhar and Shailin Wardkhar, which caught fire and burnt down. and the house was burned with fire.
Regarding the shooting of a tourist taxi driver from Meghalaya by passengers at Guwahati airport on Saturday, the union has lodged a complaint with the authorities. the State Government of Assam and the Government of Meghalaya.
The next meeting of the special committee will be held in January
Besides, the Seng said that every year the state government spends crores of rupees for the development of health centers in the remote rural areas to ensure health facilities.
Not only that after the arrest of Teibor, he also confessed that he was involved in the abduction of the truck which does not have the registration number and the chassis number. The truck has the number D402XY32902 and the engine number JL229H12. He admitted that the purpose of driving the truck was to go to Maweit area with the help of. He went to another state and didn't go to Shella.
Although SCA-A tried well, Tura bowlers managed to take wickets including Ben Haden N. Marak (4/22) and Silgrim B Marak (4/33).
“The secretariat is governed by IAS officers, I am saddened to see the situation and what is happening in the state these days,” said Bah PT Sawkmie.
Therefore, in the failure of the team to achieve this victory, the report said that the whole team has now been able to save themselves from defeat to the path of victory.
Police said they are ready to prevent the students from turning to the office of the Deputy Commissioner tomorrow.
Jesus calls and urges us to support and help them, “...I was sick, and ye visited me...When saw we thee sick? ...I tell you the truth, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me" (Matthew 25:34-40).
He also announced that the indoor stadiums will be opened soon at Lummawbah and Lawsohtun.
Ayushman Utkrishtata Award 2023 for Highest Number of Treatments (April 2022 to November 2023) and2.
New Delhi: Congress leader Rahul Gandhi has strongly criticized the Indian government's decision to hand over various government departments to the private sector under the Indian government's scheme. Rahul alleged that the Indian government has sold India on sale.
In the past few years, the school has also received the Green School award in India, as well as Dilip Kumar, Principal of the school. The school through a statement encouraged other schools to plant trees, flowers and plants to make the school blue and said, 'We still need many blue schools. We need to understand that we must make the world a beautiful place for future generations. In the future, we need to teach to be an example not only in schools but also in the villages as well as to teach others how to protect the environment and to praise the beauty of the environment. Not only that, Dilip Kumar said that it is necessary to teach the children to be an example on how to manage rainwater, equipment. to reduce carbon emissions.
Shillong, July 26: A book on the life and works of (L) Dr HCS Wallang (Dr Hem) was launched on 18th July at Sohra. The children of (L) Dr HCS Wallang and (L) Silincy M Khar.
On the other hand, Conrad said that through this training programme, more and more talented football players from the North East will emerge who can appear not only in India, but also abroad. .
“We have come here only to lay the foundation stone but the Block will start working from today and the BDO will also sit from today,” said Conrad. .
The Lyngdoh of Raid Mawlieh, Dr. FL Lyngdoh was the chief guest and Bah Lamphrang Kharbani President of HANM Seng Kmie was the chief guest.
He said that after many months of efforts, the Department of Chemical and Fertilizer, Government of India has allocated 1300 tonnes of fertilizers to Meghalaya on 05th July,
One of the youngsters of Jaintia Hills, Tei Hingh, has taken advantage of the beauty of nature in his hometown of Nongbah, which is only 12 miles away. km from Jowai, where he built guesthouses and children's playgrounds, which he named the Pulse Eco-Resort.
GOD BLESS YOUDis the reason why foreigners don't care about us the owners of the land, when our Khasi are the owners of the land, who speak against their mothers who gave birth to them, don't love them, don't respect them. The paradoh of the blood loves the pictures every day.
-Rural people think city life is easy.
The tohhoh, the pyrthuh, the tynneng, the thame and the tyndep in the color of the world should no longer decline in the Khasi society, and especially in those synjuks which should look after, chair, turn, to protect and protect our people from being overwhelmed by the rongphong from across the border, from across the sea and to rise up on the basis of the Khasi traditional thought.
The final filing of nominations will be held on 9th November 2018 for the 40-member dorbar and the polling will be held on 28th November
Also present at the meeting were Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS, District School Education Officer, Kong AP Syiem and officials from the PWD (Building) department.
The Commission has sent a notice to the Chief Secretary of the State to investigate the matter and submit a detailed report to the Commission within 15 days.
From now on, the poor souls who earn their living and support their families by earning cars should not happen again.
So far, 55 cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in the state today.
In this regard, HUAM will meet with the Head of the company owned by Bah Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Umroi constituency and finally HUAM urges other contractors not to work torti. the work assigned to them so that it will not lead to such tragic incidents in the future.
However, during this rally, the vice president was shot dead by members of the RSS and ABVP,” said B Riang.
As the match went on, India didn't lose heart but fought hard to score the two goals.
This was stated by Bah Hamlet while opening the Nongpyiur Village Council and classrooms of Nongpyiur Secondary School, Mylliem Constituency on 5th November, 2023 in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong. , village officials, students and teachers.
Khliehriat, June 22: The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat today informed all the residents of the district that in accordance with the order of the Supreme Court of India through Writ Petition No. .539 of 2021, all those who are not employed for the purpose of receiving financial assistance must be employed within 70 days from the date of death due to Covid-19, before
“All this is due to the hard work of our MLA together with the Chief Engineer of PWD and especially the land owners who have donated to build this road,” said Bah Treki.
The MCTA said that the delay by NEHU in distributing the Ordinance relating to the NEP and Syllabi is part of the delay in the preparation.
On the other hand, Kong Imshida Thangkhiew, said that there is no reason why she has done wrong in her work as an ASHA and the intention to dismiss her is only after she left. to help a disabled youth to lodge a complaint against a relative of the Sordar of Nongsier Jirang.
She emphasized on promoting physical activity and eating healthy food.
Naturalists have discovered a cave-dwelling fish in a cave in the Jaintia Hills and it is said to be the tallest fish in the world.
When I came to the house, I struck them.
There is no district council.
Therefore, as we come to this point to face the unpleasant facts, let us accept the fact that we do not like – that many of the problems we are facing in Meghalaya are unrealistic. contribution from those who do not consider themselves to be the citizens of their nation or who call themselves “Ki men ieid Ri”.
“We will continue to try to bring in more trainers to promote this kind of sports in the district and the state as a whole,” said the DC. On the other hand, Deepak Rana from Shillong, while talking to reporters, said that he has received training in this regard from outside the state. He has also been one of the sailors who has traveled around the world and has been in this field for about 18 years.
For decades we will continue to be deceived by that writing that will mislead school children and students.
Kom, 35, won the match by referees' decision, 5-0
On this basis, we strongly condemn the negligence of the Trade Department of the District Council which has taken stingy on this issue,” he said.
“Likewise, if they have a flat of 1000 sqft, if they have a house of 1000 sqyards and if they have a house of 200 sqyards in non-municipal areas, they will not get the EWS Certificate” said Conrad Sangma.
The match between Cameroon and Serbia ended in a 3-3 draw at the World Cup in Qatar.
Regarding this, the Deputy Commissioner said that he will have to consult with the DMHO of East Jaintia Hills District who is also the Member Secretary of the Society before taking any decision.
Zire Ngamlai United Biate FC was awarded the Man of the Match award. The Super League will be played on November 3 between Narwan and Jalaphet Bri Sumer and on November 4 between Mulait United FC and Mochut Pyrdung SC.
So it is wrong to think that God is only in the church and that worship is only in the church.
Police have arrested a damper truck while it was carrying coal from a coal mine in Byn Dihati area.
The Assam government has damaged the roads leading to the lyngkha of the people by digging holes and putting trees in the middle of the road. The DC said that he was not aware of this and promised to They will meet with the DC of Karbi Anglong and the DIG of Karbi Anglong on the 27th of this month.
Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a driver of a Maruti Swift Desire from Larnai, West Jaintia Hills District, was also involved in the murder of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh. number ML04 D 1113 which went missing along with the vehicle on the 16th of this month.
They said that according to the 96th Academic Council in July this year, it has accepted the proposal of the Dean of Students' Welfare (DSW) headed by H Kayang which is against the administration.
According to the Ri Bhoi Police, after conducting an investigation in the presence of other witnesses, it was confirmed that the drug was Marijuana weighing 8.6 kg.
Detailed instructions and rules and regulations along with the forms will be distributed from these days and can be collected from the office of KJP Synod West Mission Compound Mawkhar, Rubok Sports Umsohsun, Teekay Electronic Center Mawlai, Sports Center Polo, Dazzle Sports Laitumkhrah and HG Enterprise, Jaiaw.
Our Hynniewtrep people, who are in the traditional faith, do not believe and accept the coming of Jesus.
Regarding those quarries which do not produce the documents that they have received permission to set up these quarries, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh, said that in the coming days the KHADC will call appear before all those who have already taken their names and if they cannot produce the documents and at the same time if it is only illegal, the KHADC will not hesitate to close down all those who do not have the necessary documents. to the court that sla.
We remember that the Lord Jesus Christ said these words, “Believest thou not that I am in the Father, and the Father in me? The words which I speak unto you I speak not of myself; but the Father who abides in me does his works” (John 14:10).
Therefore, the meeting, on the 24th November 2017, agreed and unanimously agreed that the Committee, urged and authorized Tobias Tiewdop to convene the Dorbar Shnong Shella, for the purpose of considering The Dorbar Shnong Shella has been re-elected according to the customs and traditions of the Dorbar Shnong Shella, said a statement from Bah Dondor Sarubai, President of the Committee.
Meanwhile, another PDF leader, HS Shylla, has slammed Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh for MUDA's border crossing in Upper Shillong. and also to the Nongkrem constituency.
The opening of liquor shops today is in accordance with the announcement of the state government that from the 13th to the 17th of this month, liquor shops will be allowed to open from 9:00 am. until 4:00 pm.
In the under-18 (boys) 200m, Sajemiki Shylla of West Jaintia Hills (00:00:23.05) won the gold medal.
This is a sign that people pretend to be godly, but the relationship with God is not true. Jesus said this, the Gospel of Mark 7:20-23 says, “That which cometh out of the man, that defileth the man; evil thoughts, adulteries, fornications, murders, thieves, robbers, slanderers, deceivers, adulterers, covetousness, evil thoughts, blasphemies, pride, foolishness .
The tournament was inaugurated by Mr. W.Chyrmang as the Chief Guest, in the presence of the elders of the area, members of the Football Committee, residents of the village as well as those who were invited to witness the tournament. this is the tournament.
Kabir Singh, starring Shahid Kapoor, has grossed more than Rs 70.83 crore in just three days of its release. .
At this time all the bombs and tangmuri will stop and the diengkhlam will be placed at Siatthong Square to thank God and then the diengkhlam will be taken to their respective villages.
Assam police sources said that at 10:20 pm on Friday, Victoria had gone to the outlet near the police station, but she had disappeared. came back the police broke the door down and found her slumped inside the toilet.
With this victory, Mawlai continues to hold the first position in the points table of the tournament with five teams participating.
W.A Sangma.
Shibun Lyngdoh has been appointed President while the General Secretary has been replaced by Bashai Khongwir and Parmod Koch.
AIS Suja The Word of God says: “When ye shall see the abomination of desolation” (Matthew 24:15).
Police have arrested Vicky Lama, 22, son of Sonam Lama, resident of Lamavilla, on the 12th of this month. Sandy Nongseij, son of Shining Star Mawlong, resident of Mahari Petrol Pump, Shillong, has escaped from the scene. If you have any information about Sandy, please contact the Officer In-charge, Lumdiengjri Police Station on Mobile No.
According to the bookseller, this practice of selling books in schools is less common in the rural areas.
Let us cleanse this garden with our own talents and clothes which God has given us like the talents that those flowers have in their own.2Kane ka juk kaba we are no different from the battlefield where we have to fight for justice and freedom from the dangers that will come in our future and even in the present.
There is great joy, that you have been cleansed and forgiven.
The HSPDP has decided to raise the issue within the MDA on the amendment of the Reservation Policy.
At 8 pm, the District Social Welfare Officer Ri Bhoi together with the Ri Bhoi Division held a march with the participation of school children and volunteers. .
), u Bah D Rongni, said that 16 trucks carrying clinker from various dewbilat companies in East Jaintia Hills have been seized.
In the mock drill, because these things should happen as if they were real, and it should also get the feelings of the people as they see if there is really such an incident but if it is not told, the people know and “I don't have any idea to do a mock drill,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
In short, the planting of synsar brings about the following problems:-1
Speaking to media, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the purpose of the meeting was to review the functioning of Civil Hospitals and District Hospitals. in the state as a whole.
On the other hand, Sengban, in his complaint, said that the next morning, on 15th June, he found that T.5.13 lakh had disappeared from his house. It is true that those who stole the money were these two men whom he did not know.
Linda was surprised and said, “Riia should have been friends with Bahnah, my brother.
When you listen to the voice of the Minister in the first standing from the seat , you feel like the Minister 's speech will be longer but when you listen to the speech in the second standing , the speeches are slow tlam, perhaps it is because they have lost all the things he wanted to say.
The Rishot Saw Kher Lai Lyngdoh, who stands in front of the Sad House, is looked upon with pride and respect by the Khasi because he reminds us of the great thoughts and deeds of our ancestors.
Mukul said he has already held a thorough discussion with NEEPCO officials and other officials on the 85 MW Mawphu project and the 500 thermal project in Garo Hills which have been awarded to the company.
They need to understand that if as the people they have a strong decision from themselves without being led by anyone and they will have wise leaders who will respect the people, to avoid to mislead many churches but to fulfill their duty as leaders for the good of the society as a whole and that is where poverty can be eradicated. and backwardness which are the milestones for the development of the state and the country in all aspects.
“As part of this initiative, the Government will increase the number of infrastructure facilities on the border by setting up more Integrated Check Points (ICPs) along with Land Custom Stations and Border Haats,” he said. He also completed the road connectivity from Dawki-Bholaganj and Tura-Dalu and the establishment of Integrated Check Posts and Border Haats to strengthen the livelihood of the residents.
Shillong, March 27: In the past few months, the NGT has banned the mining and transportation of coal in the state. bat because they continue to do this work, though; orders have been issued.
The club also thanked the Prime Minister Conrad K. Sangma and the former Minister in charge of Sports Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh for being the main reason for getting this stadium. .
Speaking on behalf of the NEC, Bah Calvin A Kharshiïing, Adiser of the NEC (Planning Department), said that the reason for the allocation of funds is because the market is the oldest and deserves to be used. get improved and developed over time.
The hard work is not just mine but our job is to help and we all had our part.
However, such attacks should never happen.
At the same time, he encouraged them to take part in sports as it not only strengthens the body but also helps to free them from bad habits.
The funds allocated for the construction of the road are: Cement concrete road in Namdong Civil Village-B Rs.18,25,000, Wages Rs.11,45,375 and Material Rs.6,79,6 road cum retaining wall, Namdong-B head to Umslashiat to Lum Tep Rs.30,28,600, Wages Rs.18,88,700, Material Rs.11,39,9
Furthermore, 45 voluntary blood donation groups from East Khasi Hill and Ri Bhoi District were invited to donate blood on this day. .
The inauguration ceremony was also attended by Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, who is also one of the former leaders of the RBYF. CoRP President Bandari Ryntathiang, Vice President Bah Gershom Hat and other party leaders.
Sangma said that phase-1 of the project has already been handed over to the contractor and the government expects him to start the work soon.
Although Telangana has grown in income, there are areas in the state with higher income growth, such as Rangareddy, Sangaredddy, Mahabubnagar and Medchal-Malkajgiri. Rangareddy earns Rs 4.19 per annum, while the neighboring district of Vikarabad has an income of Rs 78,032 per annum, according to the Telangana State Statistical Abstract
At present, there is a shortage of BSF personnel here and many of their guard posts have been destroyed and there are no guards, he said.
It may be recalled that recently there were reports that there has been a difference of opinion between the leaders of the NPP, after Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the state said In another development, the NPP leader in Meghalaya has announced that the names of the candidates for the MP election have been announced. to be held next year from Shillong and Tura, will be announced within this month.
Shillong: Meghalaya on the first day of the Cooch Behar Trophy U-19 tournament in Bhubaneshwar today. Manipur won the toss and elected to bat first and in the first innings, Manipur tied for 197 runs for the loss of all wickets while Meghalaya managed to tied for 86 runs. 6.
The NPP was formed in Mizoram under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, Chief Leader of the NPP. , Thomas A Sangma, Advisor to the Prime Minister and Marcuise Marak, Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly among others.
"Parents, provoke not your children to anger.
He congratulated the doctors and nurses in the PHCs and others who have taken responsibility for their work especially in the fight against the disease.
Therefore, as the Seng Samla Shnong Mawkyrwat, which looks after the community for the betterment of the village, they have often found many evils that have started to spread in the village.
The villages in these areas are kept clean by the locals.
It is the time for us to confess and ask forgiveness from God for all our sins so that they will not turn away from the sight of God to look upon us and deliver us from this danger that has come near the walls of our houses. we.
According to the public opinion, no one wants to introduce any good idea to build the future of the country and the nation but this is difficult to implement in everyday life.
“All the ethnic parties have a part to play, they cannot interfere in this because they have a part to play in ensuring that the CAB will become law in Parliament,” said Congress Spokesperson Ronnie V Lyngdoh. press conference at Congress Hall.
“It is time for the government to turn its attention to solar and wind electricity,” said Luikham.
As the Karate Association in the state, if we look back at AMKA, it is indeed the only one that has recognized and known well about the founders and current office bearers. There have been many talented sportsmen and women whose names have survived to this day, although there have begun to be those who take advantage of them to destroy or destroy them. However, it should be noted that in Meghalaya, only AMKA is fully recognized by the government authorities or the sports associations.
Thank you very much,” said the couple. After receiving the book, they left with a happy heart.
Oresterwell Langshiang scored the second goal in the 24th minute.
A few minutes after the second half, Laitkor started to score through Evangel Kharkongor (49′ minute).
By doing this, they believe that the temperature of the earth does not rise or fall.
We also got the District Council through the Congress government during the tenure of (L) JJM Nichols Roy.
There may have been a few, but they gave proof that everything can be taken from a person.
The Executive Engineer has promised to look into these issues and to improve the bridge and the road as soon as possible. quickly.
Marbaniang said that this case is not for a few people but between the teachers and the notification of the government, as teachers we have the right to vote and contest the election. or to hold any position in political parties, and according to the history of Meghalaya there are many teachers who have contested and won elections and provided services to bring about development in the state. .
To this extent Satan's secret scheme works through Jezebel to destroy the Church.
He was abducted from Lad Rymbai Dongwah in his vehicle number ML-0
In a tweet, Akshay, 53, said he had quarantined himself and told those who had met him in the past few days; don't send them to test themselves.
She said that although there have been efforts in the past years to curb crime, crime has been increasing.
“We have started the work and what is going on in Bhoi now, will start in June next year at a government site which will reduce the cost.
“In the private sector we have to look at agriculture, food processing, tourism and in the service sector which are important parts of the economy and if we fail in this “While we are trying to boost the growth of jobs in the private sector in the state, agriculture and food processing, have a major role to play in ensuring that we can provide economic benefits to the people and create the necessary jobs".
The need for leadership is not only in the world but also in the world.
Nyingchi is a town in Tuting district of Upper Siang district in Arunachal Pradesh.
In fact, the use of tear gas should be limited to dispersing the public and not to attacking private shops.
BHOPAL: The death of primary school teachers in Uttar Pradesh, Satish Chandra Dwivedi, Minister of State for Primary Schools, has admitted that only three teachers died during the trip. Panchayat elections, while teachers' unions claim that up to 1,600 teachers have died due to the outbreak of corona virus.
The KSU also urged the Garo residents of the area not to blame the Khasi for the death of these two men but to confirm the death of these two men.
Minister Rakkam A. Sangma also urged the teachers to dedicate themselves to their teaching work.
Jaskirat tied 11 fours to score 53 off 39 balls.
However, in relation to this blast, until the time of publication of this news, no armed group or group has claimed responsibility for this blast.
“We expect him not only to promise in words but also to act according to his promise,” he said.
U Bah Therbor Lyngdoh, another prominent singer, said that the songs of these Bah Waroh, are a source of education for the nation, an idea for the future of the nation, an encouragement. the dignity and the beauty of nature.
Surprisingly, the Government under the leadership of Konrad Sangma has set up a Police Outpost at Borato instead of the Mukroh Zero Point.
“I would like to reiterate once again that Clause-D of the OM which has been published in the Gazette which states to keep accounts since 1972, I feel needs to be amended and amended,” he said.
Khliehriat, November 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit has expressed its surprise and concern over the lack of action by the authorities in charge of improving the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills District. the Narpuh area.
Riya S Pyrtuh is from Patla Punji Village, Highland District.
On the other hand, the office of the department has promised to take action against those who distribute bills on time.
The Dorbarshnong Mynso B, on behalf of the 4 families of those 6 people who died, and on behalf of those families of those who were injured, sends its congratulations to all the people who gave their assistance in this This is a tragic incident for the village, even if we can't mention all the names.
Our victory in the ODOP Award is due to our initiatives, programmes, the development of unique products, Geographic Indication (GI) and our marketing strength.
Who paid the 100 crore and the expenses ? ? ? Now we don't know how many hundreds of thousands of crores the people will have to pay.
When asked about the allegation of extortion, Rymbui said that he has not yet received any information about the extortion and if there is, the police are responsible. good on this part.
However, I/O QE Pala passed away on
Speaking to reporters, the DGP said that the Chief Minister has not directed the police department to conduct an investigation into the allegations of involvement of politicians and insurgents. in the Garo Hills.
On the other hand, Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the meeting was very understanding and said, “The Assam Police have recently set up an Out Post at Khanduli-Psiar and this is near the Police Out. Post of Meghalaya and this has caused both the parties to shrai and want to show their strength.
Such a thing should disappear if the people understand that the State needs a clean governance, which can develop action plans to address the problems of the people.
On the other hand, Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, said that the border settlement will be reached this year.
Prof Mark Enright, of the University of Bath, said: “Neutrophils are indeed the main cells that fight against infection in the blood and the use of nicotinamide has been shown to be effective. It is now available for use on humans or patients as it has not been licensed.
Shillong: Following the closure of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 21st July 2021, the Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has held a meeting to discuss the issue. At its meeting, it decided to open only the most necessary departments so that it will not affect the economic development of the people in the various constituencies.
Others who attended the meeting included MDC Finelyness Bareh, FKJGP leader Tuesday Lytep and Devender Bansal, Resident Director Star Cement.
Heavy vehicles have been parked at Nongthymmai Playing Ground, Madan Iewrynghep, Bucher Road from Upper Shillong and SRGT and Polo from GS Road from Mawlai. –Purple.
He urged the SP of WJH to take action on this issue so that the people can travel safely especially those who are sick.
Therefore, if schools, colleges, hotels, restaurants, markets, workplaces and transport are closed, then it will be difficult to close down the dewbilat factories.
The court said that the government has now announced to start mining coal according to the science.
“We have fought against the wrongdoing and also to protect the rights of the members of the Academic Council which the VC is trying to violate.
Recently, the residents of Jarain have lodged a complaint with the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC), but as there are no signs to remove the Waheh Shnong, the residents of Jarain have taken to the streets to protest. strongly opposed.
They hope that after the construction of this stadium as a village we will be able to hold big tournaments so that even Inter School Sports and other events will be able to be held at this stadium.
They also demanded that the SDO should order the companies constructing the Shillong-Tamabil road to start cleaning the road from Pynursla to Nongshyrngan.
Shillong, October 11: The hearing on the removal of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal, will be held on 25th October, the last day of the Budget Session.
Panoptes is a ramhah with a hundred eyes and with these eyes he watches, observes and monitors the movement, coming and going and work of the people who live in the city of he.
It's not going up, but look at the prices of all the goods going up".
scientific communication works and develops through English.
The people who come are also very young.
There are 65 Demands for Grants.
“Regarding the killers, police are still investigating and it has been learned that they have applied for bail from the court but it has not accepted it.
It is very interesting during that 1000 years, because Jesus had already said – “That ye who follow me in the resurrection, when the Son of man shall sit on the throne of his glory (in the 1000 year), and ye also shall sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
However, this has taken longer due to the inability to identify all the constituencies as well as other aspects which have made it difficult for the Election Commission of Pakistan to complete the work on time as planned. He said that the inability to provide the works on time has raised concerns that the elections may take longer and beyond the scheduled time. .
What works the Laboratory Recognition Scheme.
The carrying vessel should be clean, have sufficient doors and should be secured properly so that it does not collapse.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that out of the 4681 persons who have returned to the state, some of them have been quarantined at home but most of them have not been quarantined. quarantine at the Quarantine Centers set up in the villages where they live.
Speaking to media, the CEO said that until the completion of the polling at 63 polling stations, there were no incidents that disrupted the smooth running of the election. .
Government Departments have forgotten to look into this issue and it is for this reason that until now, according to the order of the Lokayukta, all Government Employees of Meghalaya are clean and free from corruption.
When asked whether he will attend the meeting, he said, “How can we attend when no one has invited and no one has informed”.
The drawing date will be 3rd November
(Read B. Franklin Kynwir (deceased), page 58).
The Jaintia National Council (JNC) today took part in the celebration of the International Day of Clean Air. year is long; “Together with clean air.
“We have been talking to the State Government on the old age pension since the time of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister.
With this victory, Swiatek has won her second consecutive victory on the WTA Tour, where she will have to prepare for the next meet. and Aryna Sabalenka in the final; Sabalenka won the first day of the semifinal against Maria Sakkari.
“We will try to visit four or five villages and choose a central place as the meeting place so that we can go for the joint inspection in November,” he said.
So he asked, 'Where is the money they have collected?'
These facts, which the CEM has promised to reveal in the House, came to light on the 24th of this month in the House during the hours when the Opposition has raised a no confidence motion against the EC led by him. He said that the reason why the Daju do not wear sopti is because there are ministers of the Hima Mylliem who want to overthrow the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, and they have threatened the Daju from within.
Therefore, we should not misunderstand that if we say that we have our own Hima or Elaka, how many more countries do we have in Bri Hynniewtrep? And in the Bri Hynniewtrep there are many kurs and jait and if we count those different kurs we count that they are different then how many jait will there be in the Bri Hynniewtrep?  Then let us add these tribes and we will get the Khasi people.
Those who wish to participate, must register themselves by calling 9615400135 / 7005079043 from 01.04.2023 from 10.30AM to 9:00PM daily.
Therefore, we have decided to join the NPP because we see that the leaders respect the party office bearers”.
Sharma, the lawyer of the four, said that all their financial transactions were carried out through Indian banks with the permission of the RBI. this is the work.
Also present on the occasion was Ibakordor Rynjah, National Youth Volunteer of Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Mawphlang Block.
Malik said that 600 workers have died in the protests against the Farmers Act; However, no one has sympathized for them, while he said that many of the leaders from Delhi, have expressed sympathy these days, even when a dog dies.
About 900 households from 11 villages in Ranasakona Constituency have been severely affected by the floods and to them he has distributed rice and dai.
From then on, other companies have emerged that claim to provide services to the people.
The district authorities are enforcing Section 144 CRPc in those areas where there are no incidents, with tight security from the police.
He reached the village at 5 pm after surviving the drowning.
Angela Ryngad, leader of TUR, praised the decision of the Meghalaya High Court and said that women should be allowed to take part in any competition.
“We have already held many talks with Assam from the level of Prime Minister to the level of Chief Secretary and it is the part of Assam to show its maturity and determination to resolve this issue,” he said. state.
The seized drugs were handed over to PS-Dobasiparafor for further investigation.
He praised the Rangbah Dong who have worked hard to build a large village hall which has exceeded the budget he has allocated.
The House unanimously passed the Resolution in 2019 and we have sent it to the Central Government and we have gone to Delhi many times to discuss this issue, but in this meeting many times The result is that the BJP government has not taken any action on this and also if you look at the demand to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Ba There is no constitution,” said Prestone Tynsong.
There was also a heavy traffic jam as vehicles were parked without a petrol pump to fill up their vehicles.
“About 40 foreigners have filed a complaint in the High Court against the trade license where 20 are exporters and 24 are shopkeepers but they have appealed to the council and we have not issued trade licenses to them yet. ," said the CEM, adding that the T.80 crore for the health sector which the state government has not yet allocated, the EC will write again to achieve this and to fight even until it reaches the level of Ïinglieh Ïingsaw. .
He said that the punishment under this Act for those who commit benami is too severe because it limits only 20,000 rupees to be fined except for nothing.
From Mawroh and Motsyiar, those who resigned are Bah Florence Nongynrih Vice President of Mawroh and others while in Motsyiar, they include Bah B Marbaniang General Secretary and Bah Gordon Khongsit Adviser.
The three HSPDP candidates who have completed their nomination papers include the President of the HSPDP, Bah KP Pangniang, Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit from Nongstoin and Bah Methodious Dkhar from Mawshynrut.
This is the time when many people get sick such as fever, chills, headaches and diarrhea but except for a few people who take good care of their health.
Earlier, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goyal said that the media should follow the rules of journalism.
The KSU has also warned against parking vehicles in these places from Umtyngngar onwards from 6 pm onwards and if anyone commits an illegal act, the vehicle and those inside the vehicle will be confiscated and those inside the vehicle will be prosecuted. KSU Publicity Secretary Pynbhalang Mylliem, Mawkajem, said in a statement.
Angela Ryngad said that the group is pleased that the government has provided financial assistance to the land vendors, although only 5 of them have received, but the land vendors want to stand on their own feet to earn money. in the house in the sem.
Joint Director of IB Vijay Kumar is now in Baghmara to verify whether the officer was killed or not. his.
He said that at present there are 300 SHGs but there is a need to increase the number of SHGs to work together in various fields whether in agriculture or other fields.
Shillong: The APSTA, the Primary School Teachers Association of Meghalaya, this year as usual in previous years, will celebrate the 174th anniversary of the death of Sir Thomas Jones I, known as on the 16th November 2023 at Umkor Urksew Square, Pynur sla from 10 am.
They will collect their tickets and numbers from the office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong on the 27th July 2022 from 10 am to 10 pm. 5 pm.
Obil Kyndait was elected as MLA in 1978 from Rymbai Constituency, now Khliehriat.
He never attended a single meeting of the ARPA at the house of Dr Donkupar Roy to resolve the issues in the ARPA at that time.
“How can they say that the new ILP is stronger than the old ILP? They don't want the old ILP because it will affect the economy and tourism. “We will stand firm to fight for the old ILP, as demanded by the people,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum. you will not be able to urlong.
I don’t have any intention of hurting anyone or catching red eye for you but I’m just expressing my personal feelings.
Just to send checkup to the healthy women who have to travel to Nongstoiñ or Markasa, it has affected the time and cost of travel.
The presence of these NGOs not only brings clean fruit, but also changes the lives of the residents in the rural areas.
Rahul Burning, Tangkam Handison, Keobert Tembil and Sujit Chonbat were welcomed by Rev ST Sangma, who welcomed them back as full citizens.
Pul Phawa (Nongsyntoin UPS) won the Player of the Tournament title, Haudamanki Lyngdoh (Robinson Memorial Sec. School) won the Goal Keeper title and Tep Kyndait Govt.
The order was issued under Section 30 of the Disaster Management Act 2005, which came into force during the rainy season in the North East, especially in Sikkim.
Two houses have been destroyed by the earthquake at Khliehshnong Wahkdait, Malki, Shillong on the 14th of this month.
In 2021, the Kushinagar International Airport will be opened, which will provide easier access to the Mahaparinirvana Temple.
NETOWS said that they too are facing the same problem and now after the purchase of trucks the factories have faced a lot of difficulties to earn a living.
“The VPP will not tolerate corruption and if found corrupt, we will punish them according to the law,” he said.
“I feel that this bill is completely wrong from the beginning to the end.
Although the Dorbar Kur could not be held, the branches across the Khasi-Jaintia Hills were urged to be vigilant to the community especially to the parakur parajait so that they would escape from any suffering.
Shillong: RR Colony has been praised for the highest number of residents who have been vaccinated against Covid-19 which has reached 99.7%.
Shillong: The Daistong Presbyterian Youth Assembly has had the opportunity to hold a training on the topic “Protect and Preserve the Environment” on the 18th July
This story proves that God exists but we cannot see God with our physical eyes.
At the same time, she said that she cannot promise that she will be able to completely eradicate such illegal collection activities, but according to her authority she will do her best to ensure that such activities should not be allowed. have.
He said that the CBI should not register the case in West Karbi Anglong, but in Mukroh, so that Mukroh village will remain within its boundary. state of Meghalaya.
She also said that those who have not reached their goal this time should not be discouraged but should be determined and fight to achieve their goal.
Nongpoh: In the past few months, Dasakhiatbha Lamare MLA Mawhati Constituency, has been appointed as Minister in the present MDA government, the NPP in Ri Bhoi District has honored him twice. He was honored by the NPP Mawhati Block Committee on Saturday.
Bless also asked why the police did not arrest these three youths who were shot dead but instead the police used force just because they were wearing uniforms. wearing uniforms and carrying weapons on their bodies means that they can do whatever they want.
Furthermore, the young participants, not only showed their talent in singing, but also showed their talent in composing the song they came to compete in this competition.
Golaghat Additional Superintendent of Police Dhruba Bora said police had received information that Dutta had joined the party for a month and a half.
The policy of the Government to appoint Public Prosecutors and Assistant Prosecutors in the State is very clear and it has been found that the Government has appointed them without any basis of experience. , age of practice and cases completed.
He said that after receiving the information, the fire brigade was informed and they arrived at the scene between 2:30 and 3 pm.
Shillong: The High Level Committee (HLC) has appointed Bah Hamletson Dohling to find a site for the relocation of the existing office of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) to accommodate the employees who live in the area. Iewmam.
Only if the youth have the spirit to work and know all kinds of jobs can we improve the youth in employment or it is also a way to prevent the mynder from coming. Enter the state if you are a young person who knows all kinds of jobs.
Labiang and Bankerlang have already taken the exam but have not received a result.
Khublei Shibun May God bless you all.
Dr. BS Langbang, Block Development Officer, Laskein C&RD Block who is also the Chairman of Laskein BMMU as the chief guest urged the SHGs/VOs to be responsible and work hard so that they can improve. The NRLM Program of the Government of Meghalaya which provides special assistance to women.
The plane's wreckage was found lying on the Java Sea in Indonesia.
The Indian Red Cross Society, West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai has taken this initiative to donate blood on the basis of helping each other in urgent need of blood. time and will be a blessing to others.
It was also found that there is a shortage of training facilities for health workers and many jobs have to be done by specialists.
We have also met with the Chief Secretary of the State on 3rd June, 2023 and we have told them all the incidents but they have not taken action.
Other speakers at the opening ceremony of the Mot of Tirot Singh, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, President of NESO, said, “Many times we turn to foreign greats who are not Samuel Jyrwa, former President of KSU and Chairman of NESO, said: “We have forgotten our own,” said Samuel Jyrwa, former President of KSU and Chairman of NESO. He said that the minorities are facing the same problems as they faced during the time of Tirot Singh 180 years ago in the struggle against the British.
The attendance of thousands of people at the dorbar shows for the first time that the people of the country no longer trust the Syiems and Dolloi of the Khasi Hills, but listen to the calls of the Rangbah Shnongs. In the middle of the rain, it was seen that the people did not feel sorry at all, but flocked like a ktang of rain to the Dorbar Bah of the Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Khasi.
L.P School.
“I have personally informed the Governor at this meeting, accept the CAB, give us the Inner Line Permit (ILP),” said Bah Shylla. to the Lat of the state.
The EM in charge of Land, Bah TW Chyne said the Council has decided to strictly prohibit the Chief Executive Members from issuing NOCs because it has caused problems without proper consideration.
“Punjab Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann was also present and delivered a speech.
He said that MLAs can leave the party but the supporters will not leave at all.
The first match was between Symper Rangers and Laitlum Hitters, in which Laitlum Hitters won.
“We also express that we are not against the Roi ka par but what we want is that these Union Ministers who come to the State, should inform the Union Home Minister and the Prime Minister. “The State urgently needs the ILP and the Government of India should respect that desire to protect the identity of the indigenous people of the State,” said a statement signed by Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, Vice. President HYC.Shillong: The pollution of the market is no longer a new issue, but it has been a subject that has been discussed not only by the District Council authorities but also by the government authorities. too.
The Government has said that it will proceed to implement this Act if it is in this form, what will happen to those MDCs who have already left in the judgment of the Chief Minister,” said Senior. UDP Working President Bindo M Lanong told reporters on Saturday after the party meeting.
The introduction of the Constitution of Behavioral Change Management Committees (BCMC) to bring about changes in the way of life so that we can live in peace during this time of COVID-19 has helped a lot.
At the time of writing, it was reported that the protest was ongoing at the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima in Mawkhar, where there was a dispute between the two sides, because the District Council , has not yet issued a written order.
Mawlai's Diego of Sawmer scored the first goal of the match after Mawlai didn't look well at the beginning of the match.
He said that the poor have lost hope because of the corrupt working methods of the previous Governments.
Explaining about the custom of Naad Brahma when the place turns into a pilgrimage site due to religious customs, the Prime Minister said that the voice of 7500 members has turned Parliament into a pilgrimage site. a place of pilgrimage even when the debates are not here.
Shillong: Former MLA from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday alleged that the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government is leading the youth of the state into insurgency.
Jyrwa, a friend of hers, said that she had gone to the hospital three times, but the pain had not stopped.
Many traders and owners of mining plans have expressed that if this Scientific Mining Plan is implemented, many owners of small land in the area will be affected due to the high price. into the ground and the coal thickness will be only 3-4 feet.
On the other hand, the Croatian team tried to find a way back.
He said the disease was transmitted from a funeral home on 31st October.
The celebration was conducted by Piem Phylla Singh, Syem of Nongstoiñ Hima, in which Macmilan Byrsat MLA was the chief guest.
In the Under-14 men's category, South West Garo Hills beat South Garo Hills 2-2, South West Khasi Hills beat East Khasi Hills 0-3 and North Garo Hills beat West Jaintia Hills 0-2
New Delhi: The Election Commission of Maharashtra (ECB) has recognized Eknath Shinde's faction as the true faction of the Shiv Sena and given permission to use the sword and spear. He was appointed as the party's chief executive officer at the first meeting of the party's executive committee held in Mumbai on Tuesday evening.
The State team has won 15 gold, 9 silver and 17 bronze medals.
This has attracted many even the elderly to fight for the awards from the Election Commission.
Other reports said that about 12 or 13 Congress MLAs have met with BJP leaders to join the party and leave. I'm from the Congress.
Many assignments are copy-paste from the internet but have to be written by hand.
“Therefore, I stand here to introduce a fiscal deficit of T.1,592 crore for the year 2023-24, which is about 3.42 per cent of the GSDP,” he said. He also admitted that this is the money of the people.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated all those who have donated to the CMRF for the purchase of these 25 ambulances for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Lber 23: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Saturday said that the State Government will take strong action against those who try to disrupt the peace and order in the state. .
He said that the state government will launch a campaign against the illegal marriage of children, and the government will arrest those involved in these cases once a month or two. that works beaiñ.
T.3 lakh will be given to those who have been raped and acid thrown and T.50,000/- to those who have been injured, mentally ill women and children who have been subjected to trafficking, smuggling, kidnapping, assault and other acts of violence.
Therefore, he is again full of love and humility.
I thought at that time why were they so afraid? Later I learned of the plan to expel the Dkhars from the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
As film production is no longer only a source of talent, but also a source of employment and income for many youth, the government should think again in terms of promoting film production. in the state.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on November 21, 2013, has given 10 days to the State Government to temporarily suspend the Director of Printing Stationery and Secretary to the State Government, Salgira R Marak. on charges of misuse of public money worth more than T.2 crore.
Regarding the threat of the NPP to imprison Dr. Mukul Sangma, many of the people wanted to know whether the threat will come true or whether it will end in jail. The coalition government in the state was led by the NPP and other political parties, which were also the parties that issued strong statements against the Congress Government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma at that time.
“Other organizations or groups work only by words but this Caritas has shown by its actions, because the actions speak louder than the words,” said Bah Hel.
This is corruption".
Finally, I would like to inform you that the invitation for applications is only for Class XI students and only 50 forms will be issued daily from Science, Commerce and Arts streams.
Shillong: The Eastern Air Command today held an Air Fest at Hynniewmer Upper Shillong, as part of the celebration of the Diamond Jubilee of the Eastern Air Command. aircraft and helicopters.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the Khaw under the PMGKAY Scheme for the month of July, 2022 has been released to all the households under the PMGKAY Scheme. The NFSA (AAY & PHH) will be held from 11th to 15th November.
Nongpoh: Leaders of KSU Umsning Circle led by Samla Lester Nongbet and others, today met with the Branch Manager of SBI Umsning Branch and sent a petition. He said that he should direct the employees of the bank to ensure the operation of the ATM machine inside the bank.
“Tell me,” said Hiram's father. “That woman has had one child and her husband has run away.
However, later this night, Rupang has learned that there are four leaders who are ready to rise to the White House to fight through the law. Jowai, November 24: The four persons were identified as Pynshngaiñ N Syiem of the Congress, Bah KP Pangniang of the HSPDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh of the UDP and Bah Brolding Nongsiej of the UDP. The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur together with the civil society organizations have held a ceremony to commemorate the death of two persons. East Jaintia Hills Police have shot dead two persons, Derest Siangshai and Setmon Phawa, during a mass protest against the ban on mining in Mookhep. NGT coal mine in Mookhep.
He urged all the party office bearers and Victorealness to explain to the people with compassion and love without being bought anywhere.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner, Bah PS Dkhar, in his speech, said, “We should not only protect the environment by planting trees, but we should also protect the environment by cleaning up the environment. store.
Superintendent of Police, Shillong, Shillong on Tuesday said that on Tuesday, police received an FIR on the rape of a child. The 12-year-old, who was studying in Class VII with a man named Mortonjune Kharbani, who was about 45 to 50 years old.
The Dhar Kurs who first arrived in the Shyllong Hima were known as the Synteng and according to the tradition the hill where the Synteng Kurs first settled in Nongkrem is still known as the Synteng Kur.
Trinamool Congress MLA from Dadenggre, West Garo Hills, on 16th June, on Tuesday conducted an unannounced inspection at the Fisheries Office in Dadenggre Civil Sub-Division, West Garo Hills.
“In Mindikgre, the dewbilat bridge constructed under the PMGSY scheme has been found to have been damaged within three months of construction,” said the AITC. Up to T.48 crore has not been spent at all just after the rainy season in the state,” said the AITC. Commenting on the poor construction of roads and bridges, the AITC said, “ it is impossible to hide the construction of roads and bridges.
It is to be recalled that in 2016 under the leadership of Bah Thomas Passah, former President of the State Youth Wing, many such cases were found and written to the DC. long the same.
The Chief Executive Member of the JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, said that 25 MDCs of the JHADC have supported Dr. Jemino won the election because he didn't see Dr. Jemino. Jemino is a skilled, intelligent and educated man to become an MP to the Lok Sabha.
On the part of the makers and producers of the film, they expressed their gratitude to the people who have worked together and contributed to make the film a success.
Because the leaders who were recognized by the government and were already on his side.
It was witnessed that from the 8th to the 10th of November, the Symbood Khnong and Khnong Blai, along with the religious ceremonies, the Dorbar Niam of Seinraij Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi, who is the head of the religion, Puramon Kynjing together with other religious leaders and the hard work of Seinraij President and General Secretary OR Shallam and Arwotki Sumer made this Behdieñkhlam a success despite having to reduce it.
“If it wasn't for Amit Paul, Amitabh Bachchan, this stadium would have been closed,” said Shylla.
Any refusal to accept them may lead to penalties under the relevant provisions of the 1988 Penal Code.
The teachings of Swami Vivekananda, who delivered a speech at the World's Parliament of Religions in 1893, are timely for the youth.
New Delhi: There has been a strong protest against the Indian government's decision to punish journalists who publish false news. Prime Minister Narendra Modi today lifted the order.
This happened the day after the opening of a seminar on the Khasi language and culture by the Khasi Author Society in Delhi.
(e) Napdiah shall not be brought into the Church.
They also demanded that the state government should withdraw its troops from the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
Shillong, July 18: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today received the allocation of T.27,610 thousand.
Meanwhile, the President of the NEICSSR, Dr PM Passah, said that one of the main reasons for the income trade is to eliminate income inequality. of this North East and parts of India.
He said that the Prime Minister has informed the ECC members that the government can remove 34 factories which do not have proper permits while 10 factories are in trouble. The CEE has revealed that 34 coke factories without permits and 10 factories without permits have received permits. the leaves produce the same smell so they should be removed immediately.
Prasanta Chandra Mahalanobis was born on the 29th of this month, 1893, in Calcutta.
According to the Minister, the allocation of the central government for the state is T.4291 crore but the reduction has reached T.600 crore and this has put the state to receive T. 3668 crore.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lasky Rymbai, congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Mukhaïalong for continuing to develop the village and said that it is the duty of all the residents of the village to He also urged the parents, who have grown up, to teach and encourage others to show good character, to love, to welcome those who come to visit the village. At the same time, he urged the people and other villages to cooperate with the government departments to develop the village. eco tourism spots in the area.
Police have not yet found the gold bars, which were taken by Kalita and two of his followers, including havildar Faijur Rahman and home guard Afjal Ali, who are still on the run. himself.
Noting that the Rambrai area has been neglected for a long time, the Minister said that through various programmes, the Government will ensure that the people will reap the fruits of development projects in the State.
“We request to forgive half of the school fees in the district because since the outbreak of COVID-19 it has affected the income of the parents especially those who rely only on the daily wage,” he said. The EJNC said in a letter to the Minister.
On the 4th of June, the President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) who is also the candidate from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit along with other candidates from the VPP came to file their nomination papers. They were arrested at the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District.
“You can't do anything else, you're sitting alone now.
In addition, if the patient receives treatment, he or she will receive reimbursement after approval from the DHS.
He declined to name those political parties that are allied with the BJP. “I don't want to name anyone because there is a rule of the Election Commission and I leave it to you to think who they are. I'm sorry," said Vaddakan.
The Meat Sellers Association has not been able to resolve these issues with the Government, and it seems that the Government will not do anything on this.
Shillong: The Congress candidates from Shella and Sohra constituencies have filed their nomination papers for the 2019 MDC elections.
He said that these participants have already been uploaded on Youtube named Commander Shangpliang and the public can watch them through this YouTube channel.
Speaking on the occasion, Ampareen Lyngdoh MLA said that other parties are foreign parties and have no hope.
“However, since June 2020 until now, we have not seen any action taken by the University,” said Conrad.
There are many obstacles in life because they say that they have turned into a ship or have done something wrong. This is something wrong on the part of the mother in order to teach her children. imlang and society.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig Dr.BD Mishra Retd, has sent his greetings to all the people of Meghalaya on the occasion of the Nongkrem Festival, especially to the Khasi people. to all the gods “God Rules”.
The team was led by Bah Benny Kharbuli as team manager and Dai Kynsailang Mylliem Umlong as coach.
The Minister also said that the Mushroom Development Center in Upper Shillong will start operating from November this year.
I don't eat shisha just to live.
On the other hand, the Sur ki nong West strongly condemns the NPP-led MDA government for its inability to take responsibility for the contract teachers and the violence against the teachers.
It was Archana who managed to save Diya's point.
This was stated in a complaint by the Sengbhalang, Seng Long Kmie and Village Leaders of Mawbuit Village to the Nongstoin Police Station against the owner of the shop, Bah Krispin Sangriang. your threat is yours.
Byrnihat Amjok, who won the toss and elected to bat first, managed to score 62 runs for the loss of all wickets in 14 overs.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday said that the government has not yet sent to the district councils the announcement of the recognition of the government. synsar le tyrpad and soh mrit as agricultural commodities, although the order to recognize them as agricultural commodities has been issued since
“I don't know if I'm going to stay here but there are times when I'm going to stay here,” he said.
Since 11 pm, the people have come from all over the country to the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat and have not stopped even in the rain.
The Doloi has denied that he is not the one who gives land to foreigners, but it is the Rangbah Shnong who is the only one who has done this.
How shocked and excited the political parties and candidates across the state are, while the people are still hoping for the best for themselves, their families, their clan. , the community, the society and so on.
However, Techno Global University Shillong does not have any information about this.
It is to be recalled that recently up to five people died in Lumpyrtuh, Mihmyntdu while cleaning the drinking water from the lyer bih from the water pump.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myanmar, said that regarding the injection, from now on, it will continue and will be increased. There are only 250 injection centers in the country.
At the same time, he said that the reason why he chose this village as one of the Model Villages is because of the ability to implement in such a transparent and accurate manner. to many government schemes.
Khliehriat March 24: Many of the residents especially those from the rural areas do not get detailed information about the schemes from the central and state governments, so the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern Province Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with Haqdar Empowerment Solution Pvt Ltd (HESPL) has conducted a two day training program where HESPL officials have given training to the trainees.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah RK Vijay Byrsat, Managing Director, COLKS, urged the students of the university to come forward and start their own businesses. The organization should not only apply for government jobs.
Finally, it does not mean that if I join the National Parties from abroad, I will lose my Khasi identity and forget that I am a Khasi.
The Chief Secretary informed that in order to ensure fair leadership from all groups, political parties may send two more leaders from among the persons named in the announcement.
The 66th National School Games was organized by the School Games Federation of India and started on the 6th and ended on the 13th July. in Delhi, Bhopal and Gwalior.
The BSF team was led by Dy. Inspector General Sector Headquarters, Tura Harmeet Singh and the BGB team was led by Deputy Director General (DDG) Sector Commander, Mymensingh, Bangladesh Md. Mahmudur Rahman.
According to police, the arrested were involved in collecting phone numbers of traders from Nongal, Jadigittim, Wathre and Siju area.
“What is the point of accepting him first and asking for the documents later,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
The incident happened while the police were patrolling the area after receiving a tip that some gangs of robbers were trying to kidnap the traders from Assam who used to come and buy from Dadenggre.
Take for example the workers in the 30 cook factories in Shallang, the Aloys factory in Rwiang, the factories in Lumshnong, Nongtrai, Bynihat and others.
On the Power Grid side, Kunwardhrub scored 54 runs from 40 balls while Pradeep Varun scored 23 runs from 18 balls.
He said that the lack of attention of the Hima and Village Authorities to impose rules against the illegal entry of foreigners into the villages has put at risk the women and children because you can't tell if they're good or bad.
The High Court also ordered the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to seek clarification on the statement of Bah Adelbert and also the two newspapers that published the statement.
As the days and months passed, the friends who lived in the market especially Kong Mer were encouraged because she too had experienced the same incident that her husband had died and was injured.
The state government has been calling for the development of tourism but the tourists who have just arrived in Meghalaya have been shri bniat, jrem lut due to the collapse of the vehicle while sitting on the bad road.
They also said that they will provide services in collaboration with the office of the Syiem Raid and the main goal is to improve the welfare, income and development of the people in the state. Marwet Ride.
Bah Mayralborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, said that this is the first time and it is also the beginning for the delivery of development works in these border areas.
The land allocated to the College covers an area of ​​587.78 sq m on Plot 62 in Laitumkhrah Ward, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Land Department, Dr RC Laloo.
I'm right.
As part of its humanitarian response, Mizoram has opened up opportunities for refugee and homeless children in terms of support in access to education and necessities. their.
Anyone who violates the rules, violators may face penalties according to the rules of law.
He said that the failure of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to take over the management of the 108 Emergency Services by itself, has created a serious problem for the employees of the Emergency Services. employees no longer receive annual salary increases, job insecurity, promotion and other benefits.
Speaking to reporters, Lambor said, “From the first day, we have discussed together, there is no doubt.
Time has passed quickly but things remain in the dark from the school authorities to the students and parents.
Rosenberg Gabriel scored two goals and was named Player of the Match.
“The Government will provide a detailed report on the situation across the State and also provide detailed information in relation to the various Districts.
“We are women and we are hardworking in all kinds of jobs.
Langsning, who have 15 points, are third behind Bengaluru FC Reserves.
Shillong, June 19: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not been able to take any decision at its meeting with the CCIB. EM Hadrian Lyngdoh and EM in charge of Forest Gracemary Kharpuri while CCIB Chairman Kmen Myrchiang, Joe Marweiñ, KSU, FKJGP, HNYF leaders and village chiefs were present. border with landlords.
People have been warned not to go out in public places without wearing masks, unemployed people over 65 years of age, poor women and children under the age of 10, unless they need to get medication.
The competition was held as part of the public awareness campaign on the issue of empowering financial literacy which is part of the ways to improve the country.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, launched the poster of Dominic Sangma's film 'Rapture' at his office on Thursday.
On the opening day of the Annual Sport Meet, the March Pass was held by the students of Red House, Blue House, Yellow House and Green House Schools. The ceremony was held as a sign of compliance with the rules of sports along with the swearing-in ceremony by the students.
On that day, while some people were fishing in the Myntang River, suddenly they saw a man who had been drowned in the river. The Waheh Shnong of Mukhla Sohshrieh, Ma Orlando Sari, immediately rushed to the river where the incident occurred.
Meghalaya has few government schools and only a few government colleges.
It was also confirmed that the BJP will get an absolute majority and is expected to reach a majority of 300 to 400 MPs in the Lok Sabha.
They don't use to think before electing legislators".
Besides, the Alumni of ICFAI Tura Unit held a meeting and formed an interim Committee and put forward the issues of this Committee.
"We have told the Governor that the PDF is ready to introduce any changes if it is for the better and we can do this by introducing an amendment in the House.
Shillong, November 13: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the State Government is considering the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security (MRSSAB) Amendment Bill, The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Government of India.
Because if the hill parties stand against each other, they will not reach anywhere, especially in the MP election from the Shillong Parliamentary constituency where there is only one candidate.
This was announced in a statement sent by AJMW&LU General Secretary Dapherborn N Suchiang and Banaras Dhar.
The Rangbah Shnongs have launched their protest today by marching around the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya to protest against the delay in passing the District Council Bills and the Ordinance They also raised their hands to show that they strongly oppose the MUDA's boundary crossing to the areas outside the Khadar Administration. The Municipal and the next protest will also be on the same issues.
This race is part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of the country.
The judge said that Meghalaya is also bound by Articles 158, 173 and 191 of the Constitution of India, which is included in the 6th Schedule of the Constitution which allows for the creation of District Councils, in which the elected leaders are paid a salary from the public funds.
This plant needs a little water during the growing season, but it doesn't need a lot of water.
Shillong, Lber 18: A strong fire has destroyed a house belonging to Kong Lumida Lyngdoh last night.
They also said that as a leader in the state, Bah EK Mawlong has done many great things for the benefit of the people of the state and as a leader who has done many things for the development of the state. deserve to be praised and remembered even if he is no longer on this earth.
The incident happened on the night of 17th November.
In his speech, the Prime Minister paid tribute to the great man of the Garo people and recalled his heroic deeds and sacrifices as a freedom fighter.
In this regard, the District Council should also explain the meaning of the words 'Lyngdoh' and 'Syiem' and their duties.
It is estimated that the expenditure of the candidates for this election is T.70 lakh and of this T.70 lakh, it was agreed that if you want to buy samosa or pakora, you should spend T.10 each. 200 per kilo and T.750 per kilo.
The new president of the KSU is Lop Stevenson Khonglah and Platini Mukhim is the general secretary.
On the other hand, the CoRP, through its Working President, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, said that the Meghalaya High Court's recognition that the Bangladeshi refugees who have temporarily settled in Panbari, Amjong, The Seng strongly opposes this, because according to the information of the Seng, the Syiem of Hima Khyrim in the past, has given temporary accommodation to these refugees, but the sad thing is that in These days, the authorities of the state want to recognize these refugees as the owners of the village.
“We also request the Assam government to be kind and listen to us because we don't demand the whole Block II but only these 18 Khasi villages and please let us fall within the border of Meghalaya,” he said. conclude the petition.
The District Magistrate issued this order after receiving complaints regarding the presence of people who mine shyiap by using the powers to clean up the shyiap that has been mined and because This is illegal and pollutes the nearby rivers including the Kynshi River.
The departure of Rona Khymdeit from the UDP party is a great loss to the party as a whole as she is one of the leaders of the UDP party especially as she is also a former MDC from Nongpoh. Constituency.
We know that the Bible tells us about that time when the world will end.
He also announced that the election rules will come into force from today and directed the Deputy Commissioners to ensure that there will be no violation of the election rules.
According to the complaint letter, Manki Sungoh, Augustin Shylla, Kordon Sungoh, Binelson Raksaw and a school student were shot dead by the Assam Police. 16 years old and studying in class IX at one of the schools in Jrikyndeng.
On the other hand, he said that the VC's statement should not be in that way because it is not he and the Principals who will decide, but only the AC should do that.
The Under-13 Republic Day Cup was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on 10th July. .
At the same time, she urged the village leaders to take action on this issue to convey this voice of need to the government for the welfare of the people in the area.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 187 new cases have been confirmed and 4734 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
What do you say? “Then mine eyes shall be open, and mine ears attent unto prayer”.2 Chronicles 7:1
Modi's speech on the New World Order, to bring about sustainable development in India, is shocking and negative when I look at the current situation in India.
I have purposed to do it" Isaiah 46:8-1
Conrad replied that the processing units fall under the list of factories. On the other hand, the Minister said that the government has started the program since last year and the government has distributed the products including piglets, cattle to farmers in the state.
Govindan has filed a petition demanding compensation for the incident and the appointment of a special committee to investigate the death of his daughter.
This time too, the same Chief Minister who said that Amit Shah will stay in Shillong for two nights, not Amit Shah.
There are 19 organizations that have submitted their petitions to the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board. The Dorbar Shnong Bamkamar, WJH, Thadlaskein Sub area Marketing Society, Phra Shnong Association (Mukhla, Ummulong, Wahiajer, Moodymmai and others), Muskut kine FMC In a letter to the Member Secretary of the MSPCB, the Star Cement has come to the area and has brought benefits to many people including employment opportunities for the youth. to the development of the neighboring villages especially Lumshnong.
Master And Beach Beach.
This insect has a No-7 on its abdomen one on the right and one on the left.
The fruit of these trees is also used to make many kinds of medicines and valuable spices. At the same time it is also a fruit that can be used to make dyes. polish even leathers, like shoes and multiple makeup these days.
Shillong: Ka Ampareen Lyngdoh today completed her nomination papers as the NPP candidate for the Lok Sabha elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency to be held on 19th June.
Not only was the network down, but the internet was reportedly not working at all.
As mentioned earlier, this is only a suggestion to the people whether to accept or reject and whether the government authorities or the literature can bury or not.
“Everyone has seen for themselves, whether it is India or other countries, but the Chinese troops are in parts of the Himalayas, which is east of India and they have gathered a lot of troops. Shillong: The Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the price of testing will not delay the people. but in fact the people should be happy, because the government has announced the price so that there will be no exploitation.
Shillong, November 17: The Indian Council of Agriculture (UDA) has said that unless the government creates the mechanisms to call for talks with the political parties to resolve the issue, it will only bring more danger if the protests continue. Research (ICAR) Umïam, Umroi Road, on the 13th and 14th of this month, hit Mawlieh village, near Rambrai about 15 km.
The mother of the child also came to pick up her child.
He said that this is necessary because some of the employees who live in rented houses have to leave together or do not have adequate accommodation.
Another accused, Ayub Dhar, was convicted by the TADA Court of Jammu and Kashmir in 2010 and sentenced to life imprisonment.
Ma Skhembhalang said that the term of the former Central Executive Committee led by Leningstar Rymbai has expired and a new one will be elected at this meeting. also the new leaders of the Central Executive Committee.
The DPSPs are only rules to assist the government in the drafting of laws and policies but they cannot be taken to court and this means that if the government does not implement the DPSPs, it cannot. Therefore, we will have to see what the BJP government, Law Commission and Parliamentary Standing Committee will do in the coming days. If the government wants to implement the UCC, it should first release the Rew Act and give time to the citizens and various groups to read and discuss.
Shillong: The 9th Anniversary of the MeFilMA will be celebrated on the 21st of this month from 11 am at the State Central Library Shillong.
Furthermore, NO Entry has been imposed from Khlieh Ïew Road or Murgi Bazaar to Upper Shillong and Anjalee Petrol Pump-Civil Hospital Point-IGP Point-Kachari Point-Raj Bhavan.
The Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that at present, his department is waiting for the preparation of the operational manual. to prepare for the implementation of the sports policy in the state.
In other parts of the state, thunderstorms and thunderstorms are expected and heavy rainfall is expected in some places.
MEPA said that the passing away of Joshi is a great loss to the journalists in Shillong and the state as a whole.
The auction was held at a temple in the village and started at a price of T.21 lakh and reached T.43 lakh. He won the prize money of T.44lak.
He said that the Shillong Times has been in this area to serve the people of the state.
The Khynroo Khyllood Committee of Loompyrdi Iongpiah on 10th November launched a festive month which was held at Mynkoipyrdi Iongpiah Square in the presence of parents and youth.
Shillong, March 20: Congress Leader Vincent H. Pala on Tuesday said that regarding the smuggling of coal, the 'true image' of the MDA Government led by The National People's Party (NPP) will appear after the retirement of the incumbent Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.
“The result in Jaintia Hills is good because we expected to get 4-6 seats.
He urged the truck drivers to be patient for a while and in a few hours the road will be cleared so that these parked vehicles can go to their destination. He also said that it is not an easy task to do immediately because the task is very difficult.
This is the first time since the erection of the monument since 2012 and this program is planned to be held every year to introduce the future generations so that they will not forget the footsteps of him. put in the middle of society.
The meeting confirmed the new office bearers of the UDP Ranikor Circle for the term from 2017 to 2019 by Bah Allan Vice President UDP Central Body.
In a statement issued on Friday, the NEC spokesperson said that the announcements that appeared on social media and some media outlets last month were full of false information.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to proceed with the implementation of the Smart City Project and as a starting point, it will construct a 6km Smart Road in the Raj Bhavan area at 30 crore, the Laitumkhrah market at a cost of Rs 35 crore and the Polo market at a cost of Rs 80 crore.
Many issues include the border, unemployment, roads, high schools, health facilities, inability to pay teachers' salaries and others.
He said that there has been no EC meeting yet as the EMs are still busy because there are some issues that need to be resolved urgently, especially when there are problems due to the coal blockade.
The GNF said it strongly opposes the forced speaking and writing of Hindi in Nagaland and the areas inhabited by the Naga people.
In these days, Motphran has become one of the market places and there is no law to regulate the traffic.
Shukla said the VC has the authority to appoint temporarily for all Group A/Group B posts.
Other supporters of Birla include the Congress, DMK, Biju Janata Dal, AIADMK, YSR Congress and other political parties.
“We are fighting for the appointment of an independent inquiry team, but the government wants us to fight for the release of the case,” said Bah Donbok.
Furthermore, the Chief Guest added that such sports festivals not only help to showcase the physical strength but also help the minds of the participants.
A case has been registered at Khliehriat Police Station and the investigation is ongoing to investigate their illegal activities.
Regarding the road from Umling to Umrit, the road from Mairang to Patharkhmah and the road from Ranibari to Assam has also been completed. The government has already allocated funds and what remains now is to implement the work so that this allocation will be a blessing for the people of Ri Bhoi.
To achieve this, the people should not think that the leaders are the donors, but the creators of opportunities for the citizens how to open up to the youth.
As the leader in the Top Performing State Award, Meghalaya has been named the Focus State at the World Food India 2023 to be held in New Delhi in November
Surprisingly, those who claim to hold fast to their traditional religion are more vulnerable than those who have been influenced by the Christian churches.
He said that the march has enlightened the people about the Jal Jeevan Mission.
We will try to show here some of these techniques used.
The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 20,000 so far.
The residents of the village who visited the two bodies at Pata kyiad said that Bishop Kolestar was shot like a sohphan shop and stabbed dozens of times from the neck. Alexandria, whose beard was cut off but remained slowly and did not fall to the ground, while Alexandria, whose beard was cut off, was said to have been cut off. There was a sign from behind that showed that before stabbing him with a sword, he had tied Alexandria with wooden sticks from behind his body.
Furthermore, several entrepreneurs have received letters of loan from the programme.
Shillong, March 11: “The Iewduh is a market that has been suitable for the arrival of kharlieh khariong so that the market will grow and develop, so you should love each other,” said Minister C.Kharkongor. meeting held today at Iewduh.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, said, “They are our people, we cannot just look at the protest with hunger strikes, but their demand is always there. They are against the company GVK that does not employ them, not the government.
Referring to the preparations of the PDF for the election, Banteidor said, “In April we will announce the candidates for the PDF including me.” The party will not necessarily contest from all constituencies but the party will look at the quality of the candidates who will contest from the PDF. to serve the people and the state.
Sanju Singh, resident of Harijan Colony, Shillong, was arrested while driving a Night Super bus (AR 20 9990) from Silchar. They intended to come to Shillong with these drugs.
Therefore, the Thong Action Plan also clearly shows how it will bring together the customs and traditions with the vision for the future.
Speaking to reporters, Paila Kordor Lyngkot, President of the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Tourist Association (AVA), has criticized the government for not thinking about the lives and livelihoods of the drivers.
The Assam Rifles in a statement on the 26th of this month said that it has set up a temporary office at Tuivai Bridge (Mizoram-Manipur border) to monitor the situation. and also to maintain peace and order in the border area following the outbreak of heavy clashes and bloodshed in Manipur.
She said that it is necessary to write down oral stories about the Khasi people especially about the Lyngwiar Dpei or to sit together to tell stories, eat together and others.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has supported the demand of the 6 Wah Lukha Village Association (JHADC) to hand over the Lukha River to the Association for the safety and security of the people. the benefit and income of the people.
On 15th November 2021, Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, said that some members of the NDFB have been walking in the areas of Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills along with other youths who accompanied them.
At the meeting which was attended by hundreds of elders of Mawhati Constituency including women and youth, they decided to form this voluntary group to look after the needs of the people such as the Mawhati Constituency is one of the most backward constituencies in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that the Monolith Festival should be held again as part of the efforts to attract tourism to the 'law kyntang' and to showcase the traditional costumes and dances from all over the Khasi Hills.
He said that a female police officer was injured when she was beaten by the passers-by and had to use sticks.
Many people now choose the Guwahati-Nawgaon-Lumding-Silchar highway rather than Shillong because the road is better and less traffic jam compared to our GS Road.
Shillong: In conjunction with the celebration of Independence Day, the KJCLF will hold a special Prayer Service on the 15th July 2022 at 11 pm at the English Service Church. at Police Bazar, Shillong.
There are also 86 buses operating from Shillong to other places like Shella, Lyngkhoi, and others.
The right, the custom to hold, to protect the country, to rule others, hey ho... wat ai.
His pride is evident in his works, he says – “I am God, I sit in the throne of God” Ezekiel 28:12 / Ezekiel 28:1
States like Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and some others have banned the slaughter of cows for meat.
That method of burning is to light a fire on a tall stick or to burn a fire from a distance.
The village was selected in collaboration with Releaseme Sympli, VLE of Digital Seva CSC Rymbai.
At present , 17 MDCs are on the side of Ma Thombor Shiwat while 12 MDCs are on the side of MB Rymbai In the dorbar which was held today, the discussion between the MDCs and the parties is still going on.
Mizoram has a 510 km border with Myanmar and a 318 km border with Bangladesh.
The decline in voter turnout has hampered the counting of various political parties, although news reports have given confidence to the AAP that it will continue to lead the government in this time too.
For this reason, if you read this OM and if you implement the Reservation according to this OM, you will no longer understand para 3 of the Reservation Policy.
The deceased was identified as Dester Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi.
The program was held at Dkhiah East Community Hall and was attended by Waheh Shnongs from different villages.
Mayralborn Syiem MLA Nongpoh was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, Rangbah Shnong Bah Cyril Maring, Office Bearers of the VO including President Theresia Makri and members of the seven SHGs under the umbrella of the VO, and also cut a cake to celebrate the 3rd Anniversary of the group.
Gogoi was arrested on two complaints at Chabua police station in Dibrugarh and Chandmari police station in Guwahati.
U Bahrit Adelbert concluded his speech by saying, “I would like to conclude from my own country, let us not follow the traditions of the West while we are eating dohkhlieh, tung rymbai so that we can reach the time when I “I'm from the Nongrum tribe and I'll turn into Nongrome,” said Adel.
As wise voters, we must think that, in the end, it is not the party or the candidate who will give from their pockets, but the money that you and I pay through taxes. income, property taxes – which means that it is we the people who pay for these promises made by these candidates and parties.
Scientists realized there was a need to find out what indigenous people were most likely to train for.
Bah Pohshna added that if elected, he will work for the peace and order of the people of the village. and the high incidence of theft in the constituency.
God says again, “According to our fellowship” means that man is also threefold, because he is a man – in the spirit realm, he is a man in the flesh and blood, (Physical realm), and he is a human being in thought, feeling and will (Soul realm).
However, on the other hand, the soh vendors are happy if it is slow to drive the vehicles because they are able to market the soh they carry in the market.
"As a gentleman, I have to do this in the near future," Putin said with a smile.
In the complaint, she also asked whether the MRDO has been authorized by the government to appoint jobs, the names of all the people who have been appointed in the state and whether the government provides financial assistance for this. Kharshiing also asked whether the MRDO has been authorized to set up an office at Mihmyntdu Moo kynphad.
The goal for students is that, by that time those courses should be completed.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has decided to seek clarification from UCIL on the plan to mine uranium in the state which has put the people in confusion.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has said that the cases against Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, General Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) should not be forgiven. The armed men came to live a new life in the community because it would bring peace and order.
The training also coincides with the World Elder Abuse Awareness Day on 15th July.
On this occasion, Prestone said that if the VPP makes such a demand, if it happens again, it will be arrested by the police for further investigation. who are those people.
The State Government on November 19, 2013, said that it has taken a final decision to immediately shut down the oldest dewbilat factory in the state, Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) due to lack of capacity. to raise your head.
So we must educate our people about the danger of nuclear technology.
The basis of electing leaders is to bring about changes from the good to the better.
The resigned MLA of Ranikor, MM Dango, was also present at the meeting.
“Ms Ampareen has informed us that MUDA will hold a Review Committee on the 26th of this month to review the request. Speaking to reporters after the meeting with Kong Ampareen, UDP Youth Wing Member Hamlet Dohling said: .
He said that these are the questions raised by the teachers from the Directorate of Education Research and Training.
Two years before the introduction of the 86th Amendment to the Constitution of India in 2002 and the enactment of the Right to Education Act in 2009, the Government of India promulgated and implemented the The Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) was launched in the year 2000-0
Leite said the fire department has rescued more than 2,400 residents in the past two days.
Therefore, the government should not delay.
The MBoSE should also issue instructions/directions and guidelines to all schools that teachers teaching Social Sciences should no longer send questions from the text book. ) of each chapter but will allow teachers to frame their own questions according to their knowledge to create questions from each chapter as they do for the Khasi subject.
The Cabinet today decided to expedite the construction of a new shopping complex at Lawmusiang so that the people of the area can benefit from the trade.
On the other hand, for Mawthadraishan, the UDP has sent Bah Jambor Warjri as its candidate for the election.
At present, the most dangerous are the ethnic groups who have just breathed their last and are still in the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) because it is not known when they will die.
On the NPP's support, Shira said the reason is because it has close ties with the BJP leaders in Delhi.
Shillong, July 23: Biolin Pyrtuh, President of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association, on Tuesday said that the allegation that they are the ones who allowed street vendors Foreigners to sit in the streets is unfounded, but it is the government that allows them, because it has not implemented the market vendors law.
We have increased the Contingency Fund from T.105 crore to T.205 crore this year,” he said.
Meanwhile, police have rescued the contractor Ma Noranjan Singh who was abducted on Tuesday.
However, in the early years since the independence of the state, although there were still those who were less educated, they were intelligent and intelligent in all aspects.
We have tried to give antibiotics, but some of them have died and many are still standing and continuing to eat the rice,” said Bah Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, leader of HFU West Khasi Hills.
The BJP's issue against the MDA government has angered the NPP, which is leading the government in Meghalaya.
Mercia Able Dhar alone scored 11 runs but the SCA bowlers scored twice – Natasha Rabha scored 4/20, Monica Singh 3/7 and Jennyfer. Fancon 2/17.
The youngster will make his debut for the club on July 1,
Community Health Activists (CHAs) from various SHGs have been selected and these in collaboration with ASHAs have provided training to those at risk of contracting the disease such as the elderly and people who have been infected with the disease. already diseases.
The JSM has demanded that the Chief Minister should provide compensation to the family members of the victim.
Many people mistakenly think that faith and religion are the same, but they are not and there is a big difference between the two.
The decision was taken today after the NIOS and DERT authorities asked for 10 days to resolve the issue.
The KSU has already lodged a complaint with the LRO Police Station against the LRO for spreading false information, but the KSU has not yet rejected the allegation from Twitter.
“The land owners have opposed the government's plan only because there are groups who are trying to mislead them.
This is just a misunderstanding,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
Your parents of family or friends do not have the final say in your marriage.
Shillong, November 20: Christmas will be celebrated in Lum Garo Hills District today with the participation of various choirs including various churches in Lum Garo Hills District.
At the meeting, the deputy commissioner presented the main features of the campaign and said that it will be implemented in 69 districts with ST population from 15th November
However, the negligence of the former government to build a PO at Psiar at that time, prompted the Assam Government to continue to cross the border.
After the arrest of these five persons, police have registered a case against them and the investigation will continue, especially to arrest others involved in the theft.
However, in his first election as an MLA, he was unable to provide adequate assistance to the people.
The coast guard has been on high alert since Sri Lanka reported the presence of smugglers on January 23 this year.
“Your reply should be sent to the undersigned within two days or action will be taken against you,” said RO.Shillong: Assistant General of Police (AIG), Bah Gabriel KÌangrai, who was suspended from his post and arrested by the CID of Meghalaya on Tuesday, 14th November In June 2023, he was released from Shillong District Jail after being granted bail on several charges against him. He was speaking to the media in front of the entrance gate of Shillong District Jail at Jail Road Shillong.
Besides the KHUN KI HAJAR, there are also the KHUN KI RAIOT. The customs, traditions, and customs of any kingdom in Ri Hynniewtrep are called the IINGSAD IINGSUNON. , the theme is, WORK – KTAH, KHIH KA KHAN, INCOME, KHIH KA KHAN, which are WORK, to improve income, to get KYNSHEW KA KYNDIAP , to grow and earn the wealth of the PHEW, through the UMSYEP KA UMSYIAR. KI LYNDAN, who are also RANG KHRAW NIA – KI KHRAW JUTANG. Any person, according to their work and contribution, receives their BAINONG, BAISIEW KA BAITDA.
He said that the UCC will affect the language of communication because as it is now, besides people speaking their own languages ​​according to the languages ​​they have used, there are only two languages ​​that bring about close contact in various aspects of the lives of the citizens of the country as a whole, and those languages ​​are Hindi and English.
“This award is an encouragement to Halen to play well for India in this tournament and at the same time it is also an encouragement to other children who have the talent to play football and also “It's a good idea to encourage other sportsmen to work hard in sports,” said Waheh Shnong Bah Hambertus Nongtdu.
The bridge above the Umïam Dam is safe for vehicles, but the bearings that support to reduce the friction between the bridge and the dam are which are older and need to be replaced.
He died in 1919.
Shillong, November 12: Amidst the busyness of the Chief Minister's movement from one place to another to distribute the 5,000 tyngka assistance through the FOCUS scheme for farmers, doubts have arisen from the many members of the Producers Group.
Echo Bangladesh expresses its gratitude to have a young woman as an angel to work for the poor children.
“I love animals more than people, I have a love for animals, it is my passion to raise them,” Angad said.
Giving the example of the post of Vice-Chancellor (NEHU), which is not available to the citizens, the MP recalled that although all three MPs of the State have written to the Central Government (excluding the seng), and there was no one to listen to them.
Speaking at the meeting, they said it is surprising how the central government wants to amend the 6th Scheduled when the land owners from the state do not want it to be amended.
DEHRADUN: Baba Ramdev, a yoga teacher, has criticized the English medicine as 'stupid science' and not only that, there has been a strong criticism. He said that 10,000 doctors have died even after being injected twice with the vaccine.
Kynsai Kupar Bareh from Sutnga and Federick Kupar Kurbah from Mawkalum, Ladmawreng, are two football players who will soon be ready to go for further football training at a school known as The Rush Football Academy is located in Valencia, Spain.
The distribution of these piglets according to the report is 500, in each block.
He said that the tolls of the Council have not been opened for 10 or 10 years, but have been in existence for decades. The DCA has been directed to arrange with the KHADC and according to the rules of Article 6, the Council can install toll gates but not in crowded places.
The news comes after the star announced in the latter days of July that he may miss six to five months due to a physical illness. since the Australian Open.
Besides these, there were also preaching programmes, visits to children, blood donation and Youth Services. The Youth Week concluded with sports games throughout the day, in which not only the youth. but children, women and the elderly also participated with enthusiasm.
Today, Bah Ronie said he had met the Minister to demand that the government should consider setting up a Police Outpost in Upper Shillong, as part of the fight against crime.
, Mawsynram Branch, today sent a letter to the Managing Director (MD) of MCAB Ltd.
Sources said that a few hours earlier, the Superintendent of Police had approved the request of KHNAM and they were waiting for permission from the DC. The DC did not allow them to pass through these roads but only from Madan Student-Motphran-Stand Jeep.
Shillong, Naitung 1: Three car thieves from the city of Shillong have been arrested by the police after a thorough search operation was conducted against them.
“Private companies will look at what skills you have first.
Tourism gives peace of mind and refreshes the minds of the people who spend their time to eat lyer pynngad around the hills and rivers especially those places in our Khasi-Jaintia Hills because of us. see the wonderful and beautiful things that nature has, such as the creeks, the mountains, the rivers, the flowers, the trees, and the holy fields which the Lord God has created.
Speaking on the occasion, these women who live by weaving Ryndia clothes, expressed their happiness after receiving this house, because it is through this house that they have been able to They will be able to work better and especially to produce more Ryndia clothes.
OSA refers to breathing-related disturbances in the midst of experiencing sleep disturbance.
Before Dr. Mukul arrived, the residents of the area were waiting to welcome him and as soon as he arrived, he was welcomed and soon allowed to speak as he had to go to another place. The meeting was held in Lum Garo by helicopter.
Mukul said the extension of Pariat's term will not affect other officers.
With the aim of holding this “Pool Party”, this festival will promote the culture of the jaidbynriew.
Joniphor was the brother of Banashan Uriah, Julius Uriah and Nioris Uriah.
He said that the civil sub-division is now fully operational and there are preparations to bring more government departments to the sub-division for the benefit of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 16 : Meghalaya, along with the rest of the country, on Tuesday celebrated the 77th Independence Day of the country amidst a number of events held across the state. .
More than 16,755 people were involved in the process of vaccination and vaccination at all these sites.
On the other hand, the President of the BJP said that they invite women to register as candidates for the MP elections especially as the BJP government has recently announced up to 33 percent quota. for the longkmie.
If we the electorate don't surprise people, poverty will increase while the rich will increase in wealth while the poor will become richer.
From time to time, the government has announced that it will take special measures for the people on the border, but as of now, the target set by the government has ended only in talks and without any action. with that work.
The athlete will compete in the Dressage category of the tournament which will be held from 23rd November to 8th March,
They are former Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, Dr DRL Nonglait, KAS President and former HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin. The SEC will hold a meeting as soon as possible to announce the name of the candidate for the MP elections. evening of Tuesday the 13th of this month.
On this occasion, the youth of the area who have brought fame and glory from various fields were also honoured.
“I had the opportunity to go to Delhi and meet face to face with the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, where he explained to him the many jobs needed to improve income generation. income generation, agriculture, employment for the youth and others, which the Prime Minister welcomed.
The party has announced that it will hold an unlimited protest in the constituencies of the Congress MLAs and the protest will be known as the mission 'Stand for the Land of Hynniewtrep'
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, Dr Mukul said that those doctors who do not want to work for the government should pay a fine and this is the only policy. government has so far.
The Minister also informed that the attempt to fence 10 km of border areas between Manipur and Myanmar has been completed by the Government of India, while the tender for 80 km of fence has been completed. and inspection of the fence in residential areas is ongoing.
The neo-liberal era has begun to take hold in India since the early 1990s and thus the market and trade have begun to become freer and free of strict restrictions. the Government.
Peter was speaking of the last days which are now.
The Minister in charge of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal, on Tuesday said that the generation of electricity from the Umiam River could reach the border and will have to stop if the water level rises. mariang will continue.
Officers or doctors, engineers, teachers and others who are not involved in the election should not be affected.
It should not send police who do not even know how to talk to the people because it will deteriorate the image of the police department and it has already deteriorated.
It was in this Act that the Instrument of Accession (IoA) or Dulir Ia soh was clearly written and came into force from the year of independence (April 1947).
Diengshynrum beat ACCFC 5-0. Timing Lyngdoh scored three goals 20', 30', 47' and Victor Rymbai 55' scored the first hat-trick. and Bretly Lyngdoh 67' each.
From the legal point of view, from the constitutional point of view, from the social point of view of the Assam Accord and from all points of view and it is also against the country as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 28: The coal traders in the state, have lamented that they have not been able to transport the coal that has been mined to Bangladesh, even after waiting for a long time for the government's promise to release it.
“When the situation went that way, I decided to leave the Congress and now I am in the NPP along with others.
He said that when as members we want to discuss this issue in the House, as leaders, but when we don't have the opportunity, we can't go to the people, when we lead the people.
Those interested can apply at the office of U Rupang at Mission Compound, Shillong – 793002 before 5th June
“This is the long-standing dream of the NPP founder (L) PA Sangma that the indigenous people should be elected to the post of President of the country.
However, if we turn to Mizoram, it has received the ILP and has District Councils, which means that although Mizoram falls under the Sixth Schedule, the ILP cannot be implemented.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Mirajune said that as the newly elected President, she will continue to monitor the demands of MAWU and the new Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government. 2.0).
The program began with the introduction of VBSY by the relevant officials followed by a welcome speech by Hamara Sankalp Visksit Bharat by the district officials.
Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait congratulated the residents of this area for not forgetting their culture and language even in the midst of many difficulties.
Speaking to media, Arman Malngiang said that the students have demanded from the Principal to exempt the 4th Semester students from the uniform rule.
Tripra Motha Party Chief Pradyot Kishore Manikya Debberman on Tuesday held a meeting with Home Minister Amit Shah and BJP President JP Nadda. , in the presence of the Chief Minister of Tripura, Dr Manik Saha.
Chandrababu Naidu has always said that the socio-economic status of the backward classes, regardless of religion, caste, will benefit as part of the eradication of poverty and that will continue.
The SP also met with the Border Security Force (BSF) to discuss how to bring closer cooperation to curb any crime especially if it is committed by people from across the border or by the residents. region.
God has put rulership in the hands of man.
The United States on Friday announced plans to sell up to $440 million worth of military equipment to Taiwan as part of a support package for Taiwan's defense sector due to the threat posed by a siege in enemies these days.
The cycle is 3.8 kilometers from Mairang Mission through Tirot Sing Memorial College, Mairang Mission and ended at the starting point. Wet Mission.
Under this goal, the farmers have received farming equipment, training, production facilities and market connections.
The rally will be held at CHC Mawkyrwat from 11 am to 3 pm.
It is said that all the people of Israel saw the thunders, the lightnings, and the sound of the trumpets, and the mountain burned with fire.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Umiam, Riangdo, Shahlang, Nongjri, Nonghyllam, Borsora and other villages have been included in the proposed Garo Land Map.
What these leaders of this great country of the world, is to look after the welfare and increase the income of this country.
He said that the government has allowed three months to fulfill its duty.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: Leaders of the KHNAM Youth Wing today visited the Top Um at Khlieh Iewduh to collect the water.
I belong to the people and I will meet you and don't come with expectations of what I cannot do in my own strength.
The procession was attended by members of KSU Nongstoiñ circle, women and school children. As a sign of protest, they also carried placards and banners with the slogans against the trafficking and dih drugs.
When asked about the promise of the Chief Minister, Mowkaiaw MLA Nujorki Sungoh said that the meeting was successful, but the Chief Minister did not promise anything to the group. He said that he will follow up on the demand for the upgradation of Laskien Block to a Civil Sub-Division.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Bah PB Sylliang, said that the Union expresses its gratitude to the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem. to confirm that on the 12th of this month he will visit Ri Bhoi for a special meeting with the leaders of the synjuk and the village leaders from different villages of Ri Bhoi.
Wah Nïangleng falls under Sohra constituency while Laitkroh falls under Mawphlang constituency.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) led by Ohibait Dkhar, Streamly N Suchen and other members of the JSTCA have distributed assistance to the drivers of commercial vehicles under the banner of the JSTCA. friday.
The assessment will focus on entrepreneurs, current jobs, loan receipts, willingness to repay loans and others.
But you mean Bharat.
The RBYF also honored and distributed awards to these students in the presence of 15 students who passed well in the HSSLC and 10 students from the SSLC together with their parents and teachers. teachers of these students.
Both of them have resigned as MLAs to join the Congress party to contest the upcoming elections.
You have the High Command of the Prime Minister.
Shira, who has won three terms from Resubelpara, said the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) under the leadership of Mukul Sangma will still have to sit in the Opposition while the Congress will not win a single seat. in the Garo district.
However, these elders alleged that the sordar came to act as if he came to see only to cover up and to mislead the people to show that he has nothing to do with it.
In these areas, which have been declared as Containment Zones, people are prohibited from entering and leaving the area and anyone who violates will be punished according to the rules of law.
Shillong: There have been 156 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today.
Nimphang Sumer of 7 Wasa was named man of the match and the next match will be played on the 8th of this month. Shillong: The Sonapyrdi Tourism & Economic Development Society (STEDS) has organized the Lukha Festival on the 1st and 2nd June 2019 in collaboration with the Meghalaya Rural Tourism. Forum (MRTF) at Wah Lukha Umpasu, East Jaintia Hills District.
“I strongly condemn the people involved in throwing stones at the statue of Jesus in Mawlai Phudmuri,” said Bah Sawkmie.
After receiving the complaint, the police started investigating and found that the Kyiad Beer was hidden inside the Nala or Nur which was full of garbage.
Pompeo was speaking at a meeting of foreign ministers from the US, India, Australia and Japan in Tokyo on Tuesday. .
Some of the specialty drinks offered include: Kaffir Collins, Kynraw U Pa, Panch Phoron Spice Route, Under Pressure, Raspberry Kyllian, Yamaguchi Sunset.
Through the Uniform Civil Code (UCC), a uniform Personal Laws Act will be introduced throughout India, including the laws or customs on marriage, Divorce, Adoption, Maintenance and Succession and Inheritance.
Then we have to learn from other countries.
The CEM said that if the project does not bring benefits to the people, they will support the opposition to the construction of the dam.
These demands have been submitted by the HYC to Bah Metbah since before the 2018 elections and these demands include:- Bah Metbah has expressed before the leaders of the HYC that the work has progressed to achieve and presented the demands and said that the demands are reasonable.
Earlier, after the MDC elections in 2019, the UDP, through Dr Donkupar Roy, who was the President at that time, had agreed that in the next three years, The UDP will elect three CEMs for the Khasi District Council: Teinwell Dkhar for the first term for one year, TW Chyne for the second term for two years and Paul Paul. Lyngdoh, he shall hold the last office and shall hold it for two years.
This was stated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in reply to a question whether the Government is still able to build a flyover in Shillong despite the lack of land and overcrowding.
He did this while they were living in Kreit, Shilliangum in 2010-2
This subject was also appreciated as Meghalaya is also celebrating its 50th Anniversary in
However, it was said that these can be used if you feel you need to get the above benefits.
On Paul Lyngdoh's allegation that the metor project is being suspended by the Congress, Mukul said, “Bah Paul Lyngdoh has been outside the public meeting, he wants to reveal himself because no one is new. more.
The Chief Minister said that on this issue, he does not want to leave anyone behind. He has already met with the Congress party MLAs and MLAs from other parties. speak together in this part.
Ebiangmi Dhar scored the first goal for Iawmulong Nartiang in the 45th minute.
However, at the same time, the President of the HSPDP urged the people to be vigilant because these days there are many people who are full of lies and deceit just to get victory. public.
“My role is not enough in the story of the film, but it comes naturally, which is satisfying, during the shooting”.
Condemning the government for the disruption of peace and order in the state due to the Ichamati incident, Dr Mukul said the Congress as the opposition cannot remain silent.
On the other hand, Rgh DK Dkhar, President Seng Khasi Kmie, said that these measures are to prevent the spread of Covid 19 which is increasing rapidly in these days. In this regard, as the leading leader of the Seng, Rgh DK Dkhar apologizes to all the members of the Seng, that the issuance of this announcement is after consideration. clean and ask well for the good of the whole community.
Shillong, Naitung 12: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday said that the council is ready to introduce laws. the entry of foreigners into its territory if the Constitution empowers it to do so.
At the time of writing, police have not arrested anyone and are conducting investigation into the incident.
He said that the Central Government has released only the wages component of the 100 days workers.
He said that there are now many people who want to become Catholics of their own free will.
Those who attended the meeting were Chief Patrol of the Meghalaya Legislators' Forum, Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr Ampareen. Lyngdoh, Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Ronnie V Lyngdoh and other members of the Legislative Assembly.
According to Ardent, it is understood that tomorrow will be a march to the Secretariat as the government has not yet said anything on their demand.
Samehi Laloo, President of Rotary Club Jowai, to continue to do better in 2022-23, in order to contribute good deeds as a voluntary group in the community of Ri-Lum Jaintia as a whole. .
Dil Bahadur Thapa, who was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital on 13th November 2020, was suffering from Covid-19 along with hypertension and died on 28th November
Thank you Isaiah Salahe7207475811/9182545780isaiasalahe@gmail.comKhahnar, East Jaintia Hill's Meghalaya
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: The Minister of State for Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh today visited the Integrated Tourism Complex at Mawdiangum, Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi District.
As mentioned above, this shows clearly that the wisdom of man is not equal to the wisdom of God and here it is time for the world to surprise mankind and that is that Public administration or khadar administration does not mean only those who make laws, those who know how to speak, those who believe in the religion of the majority, and those who command others, through writing in the kotsada or video call. ; but in this present plague, we see that there are many people who have lost their lives; which we have to learn from the work of the government and which we have forgotten all the time.
The commission has ordered the Deputy Superintendent of District Prison and Correctional Home Jowai to convert the vocational training into temporary accommodation for the prisoners to reduce the overcrowding.
He said that it is through the presence of AFSPA in Manipur, which has produced many illegal organizations in the state.
And most importantly, we need change in all aspects and that change should start from the beginning to strengthen the family.
This is the second time that Assam has visited the village, said the KSU Narpuh.
He said that the youth and other people can follow his example that even despite his disability he can do so many things that others with disabilities can do better than him.
Regarding the daju who live in Iewduh, Ardent said that the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima will register the daju in Iewduh and if they are foreigners, they should obtain a Labor License from the District Council. He said that the KHADC and the Hima Mylliem have arranged that the Daju should wear uniforms and the color of the uniform will be arranged later. “We will think later to choose a more clear uniform so that the people will know “o utei u Daju Iewduh” when they see the uniforms, said the CEM of KHADC. He also announced that from today no one will be allowed to set up residence in Iewduh, except for the necessary guards, through the information of the Hima and District Councils.
The indigenous groups of Manipur have alleged that the Chief Minister, the state police and working groups from the Meitei community have been involved in the pouring of water on the violence and bloodshed in Manipur.
Congress candidate Aiborlang Shadap has won the election against NPP MDC Rio Sten from Baratomukroh constituency and UDP candidate Lomris Lyngdoh has defeated NPP MDC from Muthlong constituency. Sohkymphor Constituency.
At the same time, the Umroi MLA said that it is good for groups or individuals, but the government should arrange for this in a way and should also provide support to the needs.
In the field they are planted at a distance of about one and a half feet from each other.
The success of the Synrai Festival and also the inclusion of the state and the region in the Guinness Book of World Records for the largest number of ksing players in the world is his idea and leadership.
On the other hand, the union has requested the CE of MeECL to postpone the load shedding in the area from 12 pm to 4 or 5 pm.
The Senior Administrative Secretary of the KJPA, Rev P. Hynniewta, said that all Presbyterian Churches will open their churches from 1st March but they must follow the guidelines of the Ministry of Home Affairs. Affairs of the Government of India.
He said another part is to prevent the entry of foreign workers into the state.
During the protest, it was also witnessed that some teachers were killed between their attempts to stand at the Parking Lot near the Additional Secretariat and the clashes with the police.
Another issue is that the Congress has promised to generate about 500 Megawatts of electricity in the next five years so that the state can get rid of the shortage of electricity.
Earlier, a Single Bench of Justice TNK Singh of the High Court had referred the case to a Division Bench headed by the Chief Justice.
Shillong, Naitung 31: AICC Chairman Mukul Wasnik and Meghalaya Chairman CP Joshi will arrive in the capital on Friday evening and on the first day they will meet with party leaders. The party has demanded the removal of Dr Mukul Sangma from the post of Prime Minister.
Vehicles coming from Laitumkhrah and Upland Road will pass through Don Bosco Square – St. Mary's College – Shillong Commerce College. Thankfully, they should not go straight to Laitumkhrah.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, John Kharshiing, who received more than 1,29,000 votes, said, “Many other candidates thought that I would get 50,000 votes and they were surprised that I got so much”.
“I would like to confirm that this place for these sports activities is not for the locals and the locals cannot enter this stadium except for foreigners and foreign tourists. James said in reply to a Call Attention Motion by Umroi MLA and Chief Whip of the Opposition George B Lyngdoh.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the North East Petroleum Workers Union Ramen Das in a letter sent to the Minister of Food and Consumer Affairs.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today informed the House that he has lodged a complaint with the Chief Minister of Assam after a sister was raped by people in Assam.
The foundation on which Bah stands is exactly like these words from 'Ka Mynsien Ba Shynrang'
“The Director said that the veterinary doctors have denied that there is any extortion at this place where the cows are imported from outside the state.
Pynthorsale beat Umsatai 1-0
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) has strongly condemned the insults of the Meghalaya government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma as the Chief Minister. The voice of many people, their opposition to the proposal of Star Cement Factory to mine coal from Brichyrnot village in East Jaintia Hills District.
