Now in Iewduh, shops have to close earlier because of the increasing number of crimes.
On the 22nd of July, every year, we commemorate the memory of Thomas Jones, who was known as the father of the Khasi alphabet. the way of Khasi literature in these days.
The extent to which this may be the case cannot be known or felt with certainty.
Speaking to media, the General Secretary of the union, Samla Iarapbhathik Shangrit, said that the marks of only 01, 03 of the students who passed the NEHU examination, have surprised the students because In the 1st and 2nd semesters they get 70 percent but in the 3rd semester they get only a few marks.
The driver of the Maruti and another passenger were injured in the incident. The injured include Tengsim G Momin, the driver and Sengban R Marak.
Police arrested him and tried him and imprisoned him.
To prevent Benami by the state residents, u Bah Paul said that in the form there are already sufficient rules that they cannot commit benami without violating the law.
The Director General has explained that the appointments are ongoing and have not been completed and they will put them on the list as requested by the Seng on their website. they have no rank.
They explained to the foolish and poor people that God required them to give a lot of money to offer sacrifices.
He said that in the past few years, the government has shown the strength of the State, to show the strength in the production of agricultural products, and this is the first step that the government has taken. thong to improve agriculture.
Arlene Sangma has been rejected by the people in the MLA election and in the MDC election she has lost, the people did not elect her but now she is the Political Adviser of the government. Our state should be led by such people,” he said.
However, Bah Ardent continued to express his disagreement and said that even the leaders during the struggle for their own state, it was because of the language.
For let not that man think that he shall receive any thing of the Lord: he is a doubleminded man, unstable in all his ways" James 1:6-8
According to Section 151A of the Representation of the People Act, 1951, vacancies must be filled within six months. This will be decided upon the availability of information and information from the various states.
TOPS will also cover the expenses of Vinesh's friend Sangeeta Phogat and physiotherapist Ashwini Jeevan Patil and Bajrang's director Sujeet Maan, physiotherapist Aanand Kumar and strength and conditioning expert. Kiron Mustafa Hasan.
The authorities or the Government, whether formed by any political party and whether on the right or left or in the middle, cannot avoid or interfere with the responsibility of the people.
There are times when you have to let him go.
A public survey conducted by the Ministry of Leaders has determined the political situation in the state to decide who is best suited to be the leaders of the Lok Sabha in New Delhi.
He said that the party will invite all the Rangbah Shnongs of this border area to discuss so that both sides can escape from the problems and sufferings in the coming days. T Lymba, President HNYF, SRC and L Lamin, Secretary, HNYF SRC, said in a statement that 100 trucks of rice have been smuggled to Bangladesh. Haryana has had to cancel its farmers' meeting after farmers staged a riot at the meeting venue today.
If the KHADC implements this land acquisition act, the price will be lower and the people will be able to register their land.
After conducting a search, police recovered 58 soap boxes containing 609 grams of heroin worth T.
The damage and destruction is severe in the areas where there are bridges, especially in the Narpuh area and the condition of the road and bridges poses a serious threat to the lives of pedestrians. from the back of the bridge they were broken and badly damaged.
Ukraine on Tuesday experienced darkness and many towns and parts of the country were left in darkness due to Russian attacks on Ukrainian power plants in the area. day.
The body of the woman was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and the authorities are conducting a search for the driver of the truck.
Shillong, March 29: “If you still have the spirit of love for the nation, do something don't listen to anyone or be a slave anywhere, don't think of selfishness or selfishness, think for the future of the nation. The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union, Bah F.Kharmaw Phlang, said in a statement, urging the MLAs in the government to say and do something to ensure that the ILP should be passed. work within the state.
But if you work well and carefully, that's all you're guaranteed to win.
Freestar Kharbangar scored the winning goal for Lajong in the 18th minute.
It’s good to mix it up.
Noting that only the UDP can challenge the NPP in 2023, Bah Rymbui said that if the UDP works hard and stands with unity, there will be a strong opportunity. to lead the administration of the state.
The authorities in charge of the department said that Mawsynram should have been given the title of the rainiest town in the world, but there is still a discussion because the census of Mawsynram you shall not be right in all your days like Sohra.
According to the Head of Government, the collection of details, such as the names of the poor households (BPL) among others, has already been conducted.
The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya today celebrated its 72nd anniversary by distributing masks and sanitizers to the public and police.
While the meeting was going on inside the hall, the journalists also had the opportunity to talk to the Secretary of the Vigilance Committee in charge of the ration. Harbest Shanpru and said that the ration distributor was arranged by the village and the people were pleased. He said that the 5 kilos will go directly to the distributor. He said that he is suffering from the transportation of rice and also the cost of rice from Shillong to the village while the 3 kilos of sugar has been distributed to the public. 10 kilograms of ration will be distributed to those who do not have ration cards.
East Khasi Hills has 126 cases, Ribhoi District has 58 cases and West Garo Hills has 69 cases.
Aristotle Rymbai, SMC member of the school, gave a speech.
Payal, who is from Jalgaon district of Maharashtra, continued her PG studies in Gynecology at Topiwala National Medical College, BYL Nair Hospital, on 1st June 2018 and November , she told her family that she had been treated badly by those doctors who were older than her.
He is said to be studying in Bangalore.
Commenting on the Ranikor MLA, MM Dango said that the people have been shocked and wanted to bring about change in the area. UDP Ranikor Circle General Secretary GG Bung Snaitang said.
“Suja is a supporter of Justine Dkhar and we have no side and we cannot say whether it is true and this may be the result of politics,” said Amkhloo.
Aibandaplin L Nonglait, candidate from Mylliem, in her speech, stressed that the VPP was formed not because the leaders need wealth or power but because they are concerned to see the Khadar rule. the loss of hope for the future of the nation.
Zawahiri was shot dead while sitting on a rooftop and no one else was killed in the shooting, the report said.
Lumkya FC, which won the title, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy, while Kbet FC, which lost the final, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy. , won a cash prize of T.15,000 and a trophy.
"Bah Balajied Kupar Synrem in his speech praised the initiative taken by the village to raise awareness on the need to protect and preserve and on his part he promised to support not only this time but in the years to come.
However, the idea that having good leaders is wrong is because such leaders work among the people for personal gain.
This New Group lived and operated in the world of Palestine and the Roman Empire.
On the other hand, the KSU has given 10 days to provide for the needs of the hospital and if the health department fails, the KSU has decided to close down the hospital.
People have changed from childhood to adulthood, they have changed their way of thinking and their strategies have changed, their aspirations and attitudes have changed.
According to sources, in Sohiong constituency, East Khasi Hills, about two candidates have sent a letter to the Election Committee of the VPP requesting to contest the MDC elections this year. 2024.
The Short Term Course started on the 4th and will end on the 9th October with 30 participants including teachers and scholars from all over the country.
“If we don't pay the employees and managers of the weighbridge and the officers of the Transport Department who are at the weighbridge, they will not be able to park the weighbridge.
They have only the summer and the winter.
Chanki Langbang was elected as the full Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka recently in the election of Dolloi held by the JHADC on 23rd October.
Shillong, July 20: The State Planning Board Meghalaya (SPBM) on Tuesday found that 100 days employees have been severely affected by the rules which allow them to withdraw only T.24,000 per month. week.
Everything that was done was no longer by the prayer or the work of the Holy Spirit, but by the will of the people.
Therefore, the residents of the area have spent time every year to maintain it.
These are the personal opinions of the authors.
We must accept that the third wave of the pandemic has come, this must be a motivation to work on ways to save lives through vaccination,” he added.
The White House has made it clear that it wants to help the Iraqi government become stronger and is considering whether it would be useful to deploy unmanned aerial vehicles or by aircraft, also piloted.
It happened sometimes forty-five years ago and now it’s coming back.
These militants, armed with guns, grenades, knives and killed the elderly, women and even children, by robbing them from their sleeping places in the morning. on Saturday, last night.
Mawkyrwat, July 19: The Seng Samla of Hima Langrin together with the participation of the parents of the Hima Langrin on Tuesday held a march to condemn the Syiem and demand that the Syiem Nangtei Syiemiong of the Hima Langrin should be the Syiem of Langrin Hima. This was held at Kensohsan and Phlangdiloiñ villages in South West Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, June 27: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) on Friday lodged a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SUP) against Rumi Chowdhury of Assam on charges of that it has deceived and thanked the people of Meghalaya by sending them to deposit 1 lakh tyngka in order to receive 2 lakh tyngka.
However, the recent award of Prof Badaplin War for the Padmashri Award may have improved the Khasi writing field, but it is still necessary to encourage others to improve. to be able to strongly urge the Central Government for the recognition of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Many Bengalis have become doctors, teachers in schools, colleges and universities, government officers and in many other fields.
Beyond urged the people to support the MP election as in the MLA election, so that the RDA candidate can reach the goal.
Pant referred to the efforts of the Election Commission of India (ECI) to ensure that all citizens who have reached the age of 18 years can participate as voters of the country.
We have decided to support the NPP candidate for the Tura seat,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh after the opening of the meeting.
On the other hand, the villagers, when they saw the blaze, rushed out to help extinguish the fire, but could not extinguish the fire. .
At the same time, Danggo has talked to the government to increase the security forces in the area to provide security to the people of the area.
What is it? And many shall fall away from the faith, before the man of sin is revealed, who shall sit in the temple in Jerusalem, and shall make himself a god.2 Thessalonians 2:3-4
Shillong, Jymmang 12: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Friday directed the Home (Police) and Social Welfare Departments to develop and submit a detailed action plan within 45 days. how to fight against the spread and impact of drugs in the State.
In earlier times, Laitlum was a beautiful and pleasant place to spend time and relax.
These village leaders also support the demands of the Shangpung Rangbah Shnong Union, Seng Bhalang and the people of this area, said a statement sent by Ma Shiwa Siangshai, Waheh Shnong Kyndongtuber on behalf of the Union. Phra Shnong is located in this area.
Government is not just for friends.
To conclude the festival, Young Mind also performed a musical performance by famous singers and DJ Imran from Mumbai, as part of the Valentine's Day celebration.
Wahlang, Joint Secretary Urban Affairs, was on his way to work as usual today, but he suddenly fell ill.
d as the Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai.
As reported in the media through Lumsohpieng Village, the leaders of Lumdaitkhla Bhoirymbong Village, have also clarified that the site where the Solid Waste Management Plant is proposed to be set up is still within the boundary. It is located in the village of Lumdaitkhla, Bhoirymbong, and not in the village of Lumsohpieng.
There are about 31 students from this school who have started training for the District and who have won many Gold, Silver and Bronze medals and among them, Isakyrsiew Lyngdoh Peiñlang has won three gold medals.
Speaking to reporters at his office, CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, said that this decision was taken because the casual employees of the District Council are facing difficulties in working on salaries. especially in this world.
God brought the Israelites back to their own land to prepare for battle, saying, “You are my sword, my weapons of war.” Read Jeremiah 51:20-2
Charity Rymbai.
Shillong, July 11: The President of the CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, has strongly criticized those who misuse her identity as a member of the Meghalaya Rural Development Organization (MRDO) for cheating the youth in the area. Jaintia Hills.
The school was established in 1999 and has the rights granted under Articles 29 and 30 of the Constitution.
The UDP, the largest party in the coalition government, also hopes to win more seats despite the poor performance of the Minister of Home Affairs and Education.
With fear and anxiety, Rida got up and went to the bathroom to wash her face.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: After more than 30 years of struggle, the Ri-War Mihngi will finally reap the fruits of the struggle. -Division in Pennsylvania.
HNYF President Bah Sadon K Blah said, “It is regrettable that the State Government and the Government of India have not taken proper action on the dispute between the two communities in Manipur.
“We the leaders don't have any knowledge about this. It is his own business because for any matter and any decision we supporters rely on the MLA and that is our conviction as office bearers.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) will hold its general meeting on the 7th of April at Madan New Nongstoin. (Roads) Nongstoin Division) at 11 pm to prepare for the protest.
He said Meghalaya is not Kashmir with many insurgents, it is a democracy and not under the rule of Russian President Putin and those living inside are not Ukrainians and the Prime Minister should take care.
Perhaps it is based on this idea that the composers of the song “Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War” did not include the words “Khynriam, Jaintia, Bhoi, War”.
I would like to see that various programs should be conducted in this area such as training for the youth in terms of getting government schemes, unemployment and so on,” he said.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Circle today inspected the construction of the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road at Sohiong.
Khliehriat, November 01: Members of the Meghalaya Steering Committee for Minor Minerals (MSCMM), who have been appointed to fight against the ban on the export of coal, in accordance with the order of the Hon'ble Court, Meghalaya High Court Court, which was issued on 24th November 2022, clarified that the Committee itself has completed all its work in meeting with the leading lawyers of the Supreme Court in Delhi today. two-days, namely on 29th and 30th November
Shillong, July 10: “This is a disrespect to the Lama of India and a violation of the 1971 Act,” said the Jaintia Student Movement (JSM). ) Central Body after their investigation into the erection of the Indian Lama on the ground floor of the JHADC.
While he was afraid of the Dkhars, the plates of the Dkhars were never empty.
“Instead of preparing measures to prevent the second wave of COVID-19 in the state, the State Government has welcomed the COVID-19 pandemic by allowing factories to import coal from abroad.
aided teachers/professors) to participate again in political activities by completely abolishing the decision of the govt.
However, despite his expulsion from the field, Nongkrem could not score in the second half.
This is my suggestion and I would like to express because when drawing a village should include all the surrounding boundaries of the village.
Expressing their opposition to this, HITO Ri Bhoi, has met with Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, CEM of KHADC, and sent a petition to him. Therefore, we must address the issue of many Khajna collection points on the roads in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: The District Transport Officer, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that a training for drivers on COVID-19 will be held at Soso Tham. Auditorium, Shillong, on the 20th and 21st of July, 2020 at 2 pm.
The Jews were afraid that other nations around them would overwhelm them.
Shillong, July 30: The KJP Youth Assembly through the Christian Multimedia Ministry Committee has launched its own channel on local cable networks.
He said that the works allocated through the PIRF will be only for the construction and maintenance of urgently needed facilities at police stations, outposts, fire service stations, anti-dacoity camps. and Battalions and these should be done immediately which will be decided by the District Level Committees headed by Deputy Commissioners headed by Superintendents of Police, Commandants of Battalions and Project Director of DRDA and The Minister added that other types of works to be implemented under the PIRF will be for the improvement of Police Stations, Outposts such as the construction of toilets, drinking water, seating areas, painting and repair of electrical wires and others which are urgently needed.
The program was also attended by S Blah, Sr.
Every state government that has come to power has set its targets for the development of the state but is this like setting targets or staying only in documents or only in decisions because until Meghalaya is not yet a developed State but is still lagging behind.
In North Garo Hills, there is only one Mandipathar cluster.
However, this time, the rule is different in Assam, the BJP is in power while in Meghalaya, the Congress is in power.
The government knows how much it needs, that it wants to auction its own departments to private companies.
As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi College, the Seng Khasi College has organized an Inter-College Arm Wrestling Competition on the 2nd of this month.
Speech was delivered by the Principal of the college, Dr (Mrs.) E.Kharkongor who expressed the need to improve the quality of education in this world of education. benefit from such trainings especially in the field of entrepreneurship.
The KSU also recalled that in this incident, the police shot and lathi without forgiveness even the women and children.
Before the students leave this village, they want to do something as much as possible so that it will be of benefit to them and the villagers.
There are 669 cases of COVID-19 in the state so far, 374 cases in East Khasi Hills including 24 Armed Forces personnel and 350 cases in West Khasi Hills District. 10 cases, 30 cases in Ri Bhoi, 18 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 141 cases in West Garo Hills including 7 cases from Armed Forces and There are 23 cases in South West Garo Hills, 31 cases in South Garo Hills, 39 cases in East Garo Hills and 7 cases in North Garo Hills.
For them, love is a great painkiller, a cementing factor in their relationship.
These government benefit departments have been very slow in the past but as the days go by, they are ringing sdot and some of them have been closed down completely.
To date, only a handful of countries have successfully developed their own vaccines.
Government servants are not covered by this scheme.
Habandajop Lyngdoh, Trainer of SURE gave training on Integrated farming - the cultivation of a variety of crops and the cultivation of fertilizer-producing animals and to increase the production of agricultural products and livestock.
After the meeting, DC Karbi Anglong said that they will try to bring peace in these border areas as much as possible from the beginning. They are good on both sides.
He said that there are electricity projects that have already been implemented which can be used for pump storage to pump water in advance to use the water during the dry months.
State Governor Tathagata Roy addressing a short meeting at DC-office Nongstoiñ.
According to a statement sent by the Tourism Promoter Trekking Society, Wahkhen, the temporary closure of the tourist spot was after the floods swept away the siej bridge at Wah Rew and caused severe flooding. On the road to Mawryngkhang Trekking Point in the past few months, the heavy rainfall has made this tourist spot unusable.
The Syiem Police have decided to close down these vendors due to the overcrowding which has caused a lot of trouble between the vendors and visitors in the area as well as the vehicles that lift and lower the vehicles. I'm going to Motphran.
The former forest officer said that the trees are also located in Khlieh Iew and Rhino. He said that he has now found many roots of these trees, which were planted along the road to Rambrai. brother Rwiang.
He said that on their part, they will follow the example of him as an MLA and if they reach their goal they will have to ask for his advice for the development of Mawlai.
“What is needed now is that the ADCs should stand together as one force to protect the state and the border,” said the CEM KHADC. I'm sorry...I'm sorry.
Jain was arrested by the Enforcement Directorate in connection with the incident on 30th June last year and charged with earning illegal wealth through four. company to those who have been proven to have dealt with him.
The Sordar Shnong, in the dorbar, which held yesterday, said that it was through the timely arrival of Bah Malngiang and Danggo, that they were able to cool down. At the same time, the youths who were locked in a police vehicle, who were supposed to be taken to Madanryting Police Station, were rescued.
On the other hand, HSPDP MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, said that he has rejected the letter of the Nongmawlai.
The OM dated 10th May 2022 published in the Gazette of Meghalaya on May 26, 2022 states in Clause D-1- In order to prepare the Reservation Roster, the names of the applicants who hold the post until the date of This OM will start with the first applicants, from the time of implementation of the Reservation Policy, according to the available information, can be filled in the Reservation Roster according to the Roster.
Tangmar saw that there was a ship from ancient times that had sunk into the water.
On this occasion, a decision was taken to have a Kur Khonglam Association to cover all the Kur Khonglam in Khasi Jaintia and the headquarters will be in Shillong.
The match tomorrow 21st will be between Khliehïongriang and Dongmihsngi at 3 pm.
The list of candidates also includes the name of the wife of the Minister in charge of Sports, Zenith Sangma.
Articles will also be released and a large amount of financial assistance will be allocated to this mission.
The first list approved by the President Rangbah of the party includes nine candidates from different districts of Garo Hills.
Because it is on this day that the spirit of struggle is strong in the souls of all the Khasi Khara children.
Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh urged the Longkpa to know their duty. and if the parents have responsibility from the home, in the church and in the society, there will be change and peace in the homes and even in the society. society.
“Due to the increase in killings and assaults on women and children in the district, we urge the Police Department to appoint a special investigation team to expedite the investigation.
On the other hand, the VDP New Nongstoin leaders also requested the office of the Syiem of Nongstoin Hima to provide electricity inside the market as many people They committed crimes in the marketplace, taking advantage of the darkness.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: “Let the NPP-MDA go in peace,” said the TMC at its offices in Shillong, Tura and Jowai.
Due to the inability of the Government and the District Council to protect and enforce the border only according to the Notification issued by the Assam Government, it has caused many problems to the residents of Assam. along the border.
He said he also visited a Juvenile Centre, a Hospital and a Dispensary.
In addition, we expect the exact salary.
When it comes to culture, it includes everything that any ethnic group does or accepts in all cultures, whether it is in religion, dress, dress, food, or drink. the customs, the language, the work and so on.
It is to be recalled that after the residents of the area complained that there is no ambulance in the area, the Union of Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Amlarem, has come forward to request the Local MLA to provide an ambulance. Nongtalang CHC, Jarain PHC and Padu Dispensary and after a few days the MLA has sent an ambulance to the Nongtalang CHC and yesterday he sent an ambulance to the Union. They have been struggling to provide ambulances to the PHC and Padu Dispensary.
The Siejlieh Central Youth Association under the leadership of its President Kitbor Kharsyntiew has donated a small amount of money to the refugees.
The District Sports Officer (DSO) Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Department, Ri Bhoi District will hold a 5k Marathon on the 26th of this month.
The youth, who is still undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital Shillong, has passed away this morning, according to the family members of the youth. The name of the young man has been included in the list of those who have died of COVID-1
However, the ground floor has fallen into the hands of MS Rocky Dhar Pvt.
The rocks from the mountain are often crushed according to individual needs.
Shillong: The Voice of People Party (VPP) Lok Sabha candidate Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon has denied that the VPP is against the Hindi language.
“This is the biggest problem, because we cannot include more of these villages for discussion, because the discussion is based on the Report of 2011 which includes only 22 villages,” he said. to Conrad.
In Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh, the BJP has been in power for two terms and should have been defeated.
Speaking to media, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah said that according to the authority of Section 6(8) and Section 7(2) of the Constitution, Act, 2021" The Executive Committee has issued a notification authorizing the Syiem and the Hima to charge a fee for the issuance of certificates, pata and other land documents.
Nongpoh: The staff of Jiva Restaurant Nongpoh, today at 11 pm, received and paid their last respects to the body of Bah Neil Nongkynrih, founder of the Shillong Chamber Choir. The body of Bah Neil Nongkynrih was brought to LGBI Airport Guwahati with the intention of taking it to Shillong for the last rites.
You can visit Tista Restaurant, Khliehriat.
Meghalaya has a law against Benami, but we have never seen or heard of its implementation.
The demand for it is high in the food, pharmaceutical and cosmetic industries but despite the good market, farmers in the past faced problems such as lack of adequate farming equipment, lack of Insufficient storage facilities, inadequate production methods, lack of market managers and lack of financial assistance, there are very few Lakadong shyrmit growers in the state.
On this occasion, Ma ST.Blah, Master Trainer ELC explained about the Electoral Literacy Clubs.
Meanwhile, last month, the US Tennis Association and the US Open expressed their support for Djokovic's request to send a letter. The state football team returned home on Tuesday after playing well against Santosh. The trophy ended on Saturday in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
Itanagar: Ahead of the elections to be held on 11th June 2019, cash worth Rs 3.27 crore was seized in Arunachal Pradesh.
In this regard, she said that the CM should expedite the distribution of relief to the states which have been severely affected by the heavy rains.
Opposition parties like the United Democratic Party (UDP), NPP and other opposition parties may not contest this time.
Jowai, Nailar 18: U Balios Swer, President of the Jaintia Coal Traders' Association ( Jaintia Hills ) today joined the BJP. Balios Swer was defeated in the 2008 election as the UDP candidate from Khliehriat and now the people of EJH are expecting him to contest again from Sutnga, Saipung and Narpuh.
Speaking at the meeting, the NPP leaders said that Nongstoiñ has received a leader from the NPP for only 10 months but he has shown many deeds and asked for the support of the people to win the election. The party has also appointed the MDC to ensure that there is a close working relationship between the MLA and MDC for the benefit of the people.
Including the teacher, the number of teachers abducted has risen to three in November alone. Police said that the scooter of the teacher was found near Dokasaram. it was the ANLCA that did this.
The incident happened at 2 pm yesterday inside the village and one of the children, who was 4 years old, escaped from the village. this is a sad incident.
He said that the police don't see high level trucks passing by, while small vehicles are found exactly.
Speaking to media after the meeting, MDA government spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the government's main objective is to provide for the needs of the shopkeepers to earn money. and also to ensure peace and order, traffic jam, safety of passengers and others.
At that point guess what, we’ll see who dies first! And we shall see that there shall be thieves and there we shall find out who the thieves are.
Regarding the forest management team, she said that the team should be involved only in the felling of trees and not in other areas.
This decision was taken in the presence of sumo owners and drivers, who are under the umbrella of the RBMTMCA, which is a decision to provide cooperation with the public, for the benefit of the residents who used to rise from Bhoirymbong to Shillong every day and for government employees in various departments in the area and for teachers and school children, who have to take time to reach schools, said the leader of the party.
In the survey from 8.30 pm to 8.30 pm, the Meteorological Department received the following figures in Sohra; In Shillong, at the same time, it was 1.7mm, while in Umiam, it was 0.5mm.
I tried to talk to him and show him the documents to prove that it is my land which I inherited from my mother but he didn't respond. to look at these books,” said the longmie.
The PDF has joined the MDA-I government and Hamlet and Banteidor have been in the Cabinet for five years.
There are also those who say that their goal is to preserve the customs and traditions but they don't understand what that customs and traditions are.
According to reports collected by US intelligence agencies, it was found that the Chinese military had been stealing and soliciting information from the Japanese network.
Speaking at the meeting, Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, while distributing the funds to these farmers, hoped that this money will be of benefit to them so that they can meet their needs. .
Regarding the allegations that he did not invite the Deputy CEM to his office to attend the meeting in the past few days, he said that in fact it was The EM Elaka was not invited to attend, but because he did not attend, he did what was necessary himself.
The MDC was sworn in by the Chairman of GHADC Denang T Sangma today.
Shillong, Jymmang 17: U Former Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday said that the decision of the State Government to replace the Single Window Agency (SWA) with the Investment Meghalaya Authority (IMA) should not be implemented. ensure transparency, fairness, impartiality and reduce bias and corruption in the approval of any proposals within the State.
The tree withers, the flower falls, because the breath of the LORD is upon it: surely the people are a tree, the tree withers, the flower falls: HYNREI THE WORD OF OUR GOD WILL Endure FOREVER" Isaiah 40:6-8
“Not only Upper Primary, Lower Primary, Secondary, Aided Schools, SSA have demanded to create a deficit but it cannot be done now but the government is still creating the mechanisms.
In this regard, the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has strongly opposed the government's plan to evict them from Them Motor.
“If there is any issue that affects the interest of the people in Meghalaya, the TMC will come forward to oppose and this is not just because we are the opposition. but it is our duty".
It may also be recalled that during the protest by a group of coal truck drivers in Umsamlem area, many of the passengers used If the government takes care of this road, it will be of great benefit not only to the people in this area, but also to the tourists from other areas, because through this road. The road can be used by the public during any traffic jam as happened in Umsamlem.
Shillong, Naitung 14: U MLA of Shillong West Constituency, Bah Mohendro Rapsang on Friday expressed his opposition to the government's plan to allocate land and relocate Harijans living in Them Ïewmawlong to You can visit the RP Chest Hospital in Mawbah, Upper Mawprem.
We also demanded to convene an Emergency Meeting of the Academic Council with all the Principals, officers of the State Government Education Department, leaders from MeTTA, MCTA and various civil society groups to discuss so that “We don't want to see young people drop out of school part-time just because they can't afford college fees.
In West Garo Hills, there are 17 cases including one health worker, 14 high risk contacts and 2 cases from abroad.
They emphasize that only their religion is good. 4) Work hard and do what is right:- This issue is especially true for young people who want to earn money without working.
Religious groups or religious schools need a Pan Card, Registration, etc. otherwise they cannot receive any benefits from the Government.
The soldiers do not know the exact cause of the disease, as he has not shown any signs of the disease in the past few days.
“The meeting was successful and we hope that the Ministry of Home Affairs will soon approve to take over the land which we have handed over to the CRPF today,” he said.
The SP's office has advised the owners and drivers to remove such items from their vehicles within 15 days from the date of issuance of this notice. Officer In-charge's or In-charge's from other stations shall fine the owners and drivers of vehicles who do not follow the instructions.
However, at the same time, society must be vigilant.
The meeting also approved the rules for the implementation of the e-Court Fee Stamp. the government will not recognize the sellers.
It was informed that the officers within the Meghalaya Lokayukta including the Director of Inquiry, Director of Prosecution and Inquiry/Investigation Officers have been appointed by the Chairperson after the approval of the Government.
However, at the same time, they said that how the training of the parents to know the forests and the food inside, that these children survived.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 27: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today decided to send a letter to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to complain against the continued violence. The Assam Government has decided to construct a road in Bakhlapara village in Nongspung Hima in Meghalaya.
He recalled that the HSPDP and GNC leaders have submitted several memoranda to the Prime Minister to convey their demand for a Khasi Jaintia State under Article 371 (k) and Garo State. in accordance with Article 371 (J), which are included in the Constitution.
The child, who was attending night school at St. John Laban Evening School, went missing on the 9th of this month. She lives in Lower Lumpa-ring. The complaint was lodged at Laban PS on the same day.
Kyiv: Russian pilots have been caught on video after their planes were shot down by Ukrainian troops. was shot down.
The search and rescue dive team said every effort would be made to rescue the missing crew of five who had been on the Polar Prince since Sunday. .
That means that the True Father in the Bible is no longer sought by people, it is filled with “Kpoh-kada”, “Tngoh-kada” and many “Khohkadun”.
In the bright thought of the Khasi, the old wisdom of the Khasi finds that the house itself is the shlem of the human being, which says: Men, women, I'll teach you;Sit down for a while, look at me all, All your words of advice don't go wrong.
Shana sdieh tyrkhong is one of the foods that helps to lose weight.
There are also many details ranging from the removal of vendors on the footpaths, the operation of more buses and other means of transportation.
Similarly, if a Government Servant is Heh or Rit once he has retired, he can enter politics or any other job without any restrictions.
We live in a technological world, you can speak any languages ​​and immediately you can understand the languages ​​you know.
Meghalaya cricketer Yogesh Nagar tied for 141 runs to help his team score 326 runs on the third day of the Ranji Trophy plate group against Puducherry today.
The Minister said that the electricity requirement in the state is about 600MW, while the state can produce only about 300MW from two projects, Umiam and Leshka, which shows that the shortage is moderate. , but added that efforts were being made to fill it with the help of power plants located in the north.
The Chief Minister handed over the keys to the 5 Star Hotel to Deepshikha Rao, Executive Vice President of Indian Hotel Company Limited (IHCL).
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Shillong, has withdrawn the earlier announcement for the results of school children and has issued a notice that the results of students who have not been injected should no longer be held. Measles -Rubella.
If this railway line comes, it will endanger the country and the nation through the oppression of the high paid.
Speaking to media on 2nd June, Ravi said, “We have worked tirelessly and we will ensure that all those robbers involved will be brought to justice and in order to maintain peace. relationship.
It is true that in many articles I have written about the Mother about the sweet and deep love of the Mother, but now I want to write about the Mother's milk.
The Jingrwai Iawbei as we know has been used since ancient times but we don't know exactly when it started and who first started using it among many villages that use it. Jingrwai Iawbei, and according to my knowledge, the first foreigners to learn Jingrwai Iawbei by foreigners was from Kongthong village where one of the priests of the Catholic Church, Rev. Roland Kharkrang, She came to lead the team of journalists and PCN which is our local TV channel where the journalists came under the leadership of Bah Alan West at that time, when she was in the team of journalists. that was in 2004.
The reason is that besides the sitting MLA, another sitting MLA from Mawhati came to throw tupia at the tournament.
And he said unto them, How is it that ye have believed? How can ye believe, which receive honor one of another, and seek not the honor that cometh from God?" John 5:4
“This policy introduced by the Government of India could affect the education of the youth in the future, and needs to be considered and also the opinion of experts,” said Charles.
Ma Pala said that under the Sixth Schedule and the Contempt of Courts Act of the Constitution, there is no basis to imprison the rulers. The Government elected by the people and the laws of the District Councils, which fall under the Sixth Schedule, may implement these laws relating to the old customs.
Conrad said that the Government of Meghalaya wants to take advantage of the opportunities available here to strengthen the trade.
He said that the facilities for treatment of serious diseases such as diabetes, cancer and blood related diseases will be brought to these centres.
All in all, his points are pretty good for today.
Speaking to reporters, MFA officials including Secretary Sunesh Syiem, Cliff Nongrum and Freddy Kharpran, members of the tournament committee, said that on the 4th of June, the team of The MFA will take part in the screening of the youths who will represent their districts in the tournament.
However, even in the midst of such an Apostle, it was only a new idea that caused the Nation of Israel to revive and survive at that time and, as it were, to this day.
In this tournament, I am proud that the youth of the state have taken part and have reached the goal and won the title of winner including Balarishisha Rani, Anjali Singh, Toiabha Mylliempdah, Shirley. M.Kharbuli, Pynkhraw Kharshiing, Uttam Sinha, Dennyson Kyrsian and these will take part in the Nationals especially in the 63rd National Shooting Championship Competition (NSCC) to be held in Bhopal in November
Shillong Parliamentary Seat MP Vincent H Pala, who is also the Secretary General of the North East MP's Forum, has written a letter to G. Kishan Reddy, Minister of State for Home Affairs, Tourism and Development. Culture, to assist in addressing the challenges faced by the North East, namely in the production of IAS/IPS graduates and others.
The Queen stopped her work and sat down with him.
Only the words and ideology of the Trai Ri can ensure the means of protection.
It is also alleged that the Acting Syiem has forcibly stopped the collection of musur in Mawjongka without the knowledge of the Lyngdohs and the distribution of notices by hands that are not appropriate in the society.
Therefore, it is important for government authorities and organizations or groups to work together to support the displaced so that they can return to their villages and resettle in their own homes.
In the final match of the day, Ratacherra CSC beat Wapung Shnong Sports Club 2-1
He said that he has no intention of leaving the Congress to contest from the UDP in the 2023 elections.
He said the MDA will work for the people and the state to develop in all aspects.
“The Assembly has not appointed a Supervising Team to oversee the project.
He said that the NPP-led government will continue to support the livelihood of the people whether it is in tourism, agriculture and other income generation opportunities. increase your income.
“The allegation is just a reason to say that it is insulting,” he said. “The Congress party respects its leaders and more likely, the leaders will leave the party.
He said that the party has been able to win only in two constituencies because the people of the state have elected other political parties.
Mawthoh is the candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Talks to resolve the border dispute with Assam have been going on since 1971 and since 1971, there have been 19 meetings between the Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam till 2012, and 12 meetings between the Chief Secretaries.
He said that all those who attended the meeting wanted to implement the Roster System because if you look back at those who have already been appointed, there will be many problems.
Prominent athletes helped spread awareness about the Project.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the EC of the Congress Party in Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council has suspended seven Daloi and dismissed three Acting Daloi on charges of involvement in corruption. who set up illegal tax collection gates on the highways.
In his speech, the Minister expressed his pleasure to take part in this celebration and said that domestic workers play an important role in society.
“This as the HNYF we feel is their attempt to create ethnic tension and violence which we will not allow,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Taranjit Singh Sandhu said that in about 10 months, the Prime Minister of India will visit the United States, as invited by the President of the United States. , both countries are also pleased to be able to participate in such activities, as part of bringing closer relations between the two countries.
so Satan used Herod to send for the child Jesus.
Shillong, which used to be known as the center of education, but where are we now?
Shillong, March 8: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, has replaced the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, as he was unable to attend the meeting at the Bethany Society. Krishan Pal Gurjar, Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment (SJ&E), was also present at the ceremony.
To strengthen and restore the Land Transfer Act in its original form in order to protect land from being encroached upon by the wealthy and selfish.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The NECCC hopes that the people of Delhi who will elect their leaders on the 7th of this month will understand this is not the BJP. Shillong, Jymmang :The village of Pommura is in danger because the electricity pole in the village has burnt down and it has almost collapsed.
We would like to reiterate once again that there has been a serious corruption scandal in the construction of the new Ïingdorbar Thawaiñ where it has been found that there is a shortcoming in the Technical Design which has to be taken responsibility by the Contractor. .
Shillong: A house in Upper Lachumiere has caught fire on the night of 6th July 2021 at around 9 pm. the light was bright.
The victory of this decision from the office of the Syiem will be a blessing to the farmers who are the source of food for the society as a whole.
Shillong: The KSU Pynursla Unit under the leadership of Samla Damanbha Ryngksai, Organizing Secretary of the KSU, has seized a Bolero Pik-up carrying 3 tons of piat. NH 40 Shillong – Dawki Road.
These eight houses in Nongdiengngan include Arnold Diamia, Iongba Shadap, Stephanon Kharkongor, Shri Hamebantei Shadap, Lila Shadap, Pinky Shadap, Diamin Thankhiew and The house of Bah Hamlet Makdoh, where these households will be placed in the Micro-Containment Zone from the 3rd to the 8th of this month, while NEPA Umsawkhwan, has declared the containment zone from the 4th to the 6th of this month. .
When the results came out, four candidates from Garo and two from Khasi Jaintia were selected.
However, at the same time, as a sign of respect for her, Conrad warned her to be vigilant and vigilant, as there will be many TMC MLAs who will leave the party after the election. elections.
On the second day, Friday and Saturday, it will leave Dibrugarh for Shillong at 11.55 pm and arrive in Shillong at 1.10 pm.
Therefore, KSU Bangalore urges the job seekers to look into these courses, as many of them are cheated.
Along with the stories and puriskam told by Bah Rani Maring, he performed traditional instruments such as the duitara, maryngod, saitar and mieng.
KSU Narpuh Circle President Ohibait Dkhar and other leaders have met with JHTOA leaders including Nidamon Chullet President JHTOA to discuss the issue of truck owners. There has been a lot of discussion between the government and the Union of Dewbilat Factories on the new transportation fee which is less than 2 tyngka from the government's announcement, from 7 tyngka to 9 tyngka per 1 KM per metric ton.
“Although I don't know the names, there are some people whom the Waheh Shnong recognizes including Kynio Phawa, Slong and Sunday Slong and their group and attacked us,” said Generous Tariang.
He also came second in the tournament and won the silver medal, continuing to strengthen his goal to win the World Cup medal in the event. Sum in the distance of 88.13m.
“We have requested the state government through the sports department to help us if we get the money,” said Sunn.
In my experience, many of the offenders never reach jail after receiving bail.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur, 11: Leaders of the Rambrai Circle, last month, visited Mawbuhtraw village to hold a meeting with the youth of the villages in the area. .
Furthermore, the destruction of hills and rivers and the felling of trees will be a major cause of environmental damage especially along the railway line.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned the arrest of the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai Circle. The KSU Mawlai said that the police have taken the opportunity to arrest him while the members of the KSU were appearing at Mawlai PS. The CCTV camera has been installed in the office of the party in Jaiaw. He used to enter and leave the office every day.
Another is the dewbilat road in Dong Civil Namdong-B where the rent is 49 days.
A group of MPUF, HNPF, JSU and KSU seized a bus number ML 10-C-0206 and on board 10 foreigners. He went to Mynska to work in a coal mining factory.
“This Clean Politics campaign is to enlighten the public about clean and corruption-free governance and we hope that this campaign will be successful,” said Batista Khongphai in a statement.
The Chief Secretary will soon convene the District Demand Groups from Sohra area to discuss more details on this issue so that he can send the The report shall be submitted to the Government according to the findings and analysis of the Committee headed by him on this matter.
On Tuesday, the Syiem of Nongspung Hima, two organizations including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) expressed their surprise and sorrow over the incident. The Assam government has decided to cross the border by building a road even in the area which is still under the Nongspung Hima of Meghalaya.
The former Secretary of the VEC in the village is Golam Hasan and he became Secretary on 13th July, 2013 and only two months after taking over the post he withdrew the money. basah worth T.3.6 lakh without informing the VEC, after the matter came to light through RTI, he was suspended on 4th July 2014 and later returned the money.
In 1988, he was re-elected as an MLA from the Hill People's Union (HPU) and became the Minister of Agriculture.
After being sent off, Lajong fought as hard as they could to score the winning goal and had several chances but couldn't score and until the end no one could score. separate and the match ends in a 1-0 draw.
The election should have been held in other constituencies but it had to be postponed because of the sudden death of the UDP candidate HRR Lyngdoh but the truth is that we have formed a government that is still full. “It's been more than two months now so I don't need to use the word katha,” said Bah Paul.
Do you want MPs to advocate on the issues of the state after being elected as MPs or something else, it doesn't matter who goes to Delhi,” said the NPP candidate. If you want MPs to speak for the people of the state, then many of the issues of the state that have been fought on the streets in fact are issues that need to be decided within the central government. .
The Congress and other political parties in Assam including the AIUDF in 2021 formed a grand alliance called the Mahagathbandhan. They also contested the Assam Legislative Assembly elections in
Therefore, it is time to fully implement sign language across schools, offices and society as a whole.
Bernard said the incident in Manipur is a conflict between the two ethnic groups, but people are taking advantage of politics and trying to blame the BJP. “We have witnessed the same situation in our state. a few years ago and when the darkness came, it was only prayer that worked.
Also present on the occasion were the office bearers of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee, Sordar of Mawleiñ Village Bah P.Mukhim, elders, parents, youths and children.
This demand is well founded because as mentioned above since the time of the British Government we have been exempt from the laws of the Central Legislative Assemblies and the State Legislative Assemblies. The original Sixth Schedule of this power was in the hands of the Governor and in Assam until now the power is sometimes in the hands of the Governor.
Moolymylliang Village has been awarded the Cleanest Village Award
This is to inform you that Kong Liolana Laloo, sister of Ma Lammat, has passed away.
Gabriella Thangkhiew also performed a song on the occasion.
Soso Tham in his book Ki Sngi Olim u Hynniewtrep writes: “As the Viceroy said, other great kings have appeared and disappeared from the face of the earth, but you are still alive”.
On this occasion, he said that the JAC will hold another meeting tomorrow on the 9th to discuss the protests and also to take a decision on the steps to appeal to the court. related to this topic.
AIS SujaIf we take the meaning of Christmas as a whole, it means the celebration of the birthday of Jesus Christ all over the world by Christians.
This action of the State Government to deprive us of the rights of our flesh and blood which we deserve according to our status, is something we cannot accept as the Seng.
4) Conflict within the village:- There are Rangbah Shnongs who oppose only others, while they themselves do whatever they want.
The total number of cases in the state has now risen to 7,64,281 and the death toll has risen to 24,1
She said that Meghalaya will set up a working committee.
“We are proud of the U-16 and U-19 teams who have already qualified for the Elite Group next season, and we hope that the team in the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy will be the same.
The union has found out that there is only one Lab Technician and this creates a problem because when the COVID 19 tests are conducted in the villages, the hospital remains empty, without Lab Technicians and the people suffer. get treated perfectly.
“The little ones experience and understand this incident and suffering.
After receiving all the names of the students who missed classes, the union has decided to write to the authorities to find a way as it did last year to allow all the students to enter classes. children who have not been admitted.
JARF through its Secretary LS Rymbai said that the union is deeply saddened by the decline in income since the ban on coal mining in 2014 and urges all the people affected. The meeting was held to discuss the Supreme Court's order to lift the ban on coal mining, but until now they have not been able to mine coal. The public does not understand the MMDR Act.
Because these nutrients are not available in the soil, it is necessary to apply some fertilizer, or do something to increase the nitrogen in the soil.
The new government of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 has taken over power in the state for the second time when the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was sworn in on Tuesday.
“After investigation, it was found that this Night Supper bus has cheated many times and some have reported that on the night of 11th October 2024, the same bus was suspected to be carrying bars. state, we have been waiting and waiting but we have not found anything because we cannot wait all night.
Earlier, Kejriwal had announced that he would intensify protests against the state police department with the aim of withdrawing the central police force from Delhi following the incident of violence against women. .
Speaking at a meeting with party workers in Jowai, the AICC President today alleged that the BJP has bought the churches and the votes of the people of Meghalaya with the power of money.
Shillong Lajong players passed the ball into the box and Khrawkupar Tamu tried to release the ball but it fell into the feet of Wadajied Ryngkhlem.
The total number of votes cast was 32,1
This was witnessed in the second half when Seven Brothers FC played better and scored the second goal through Samson Nongrum in the 77th minute.
According to the Meghalaya Aids Control Society (MACS), there are about 1500 people in East Jaintia Hills District who are infected with HIV. Besides these 1500 cases, 241 cases of HIV have been confirmed and 241 cases have been confirmed. Through this project, they will be referred to health facilities.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister said that the discussion on the New Education Policy will bring benefits.
“All these things are just to make them famous, they turn the members of the community into trees, how many people have been tied, shot, shot, who are still alive, but these are hun.
The Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri will also be with them if they need any support from the Seng Samla Mawlai Phudmuri. part of their development in their athletic careers and talent.
“Before this programme, I have already announced the distribution of 5000 tyngka to the SHGs, so that they can carry out their activities,” said Bah Sawkmie. The BDO office has organized this program for the benefit of the farmers and others.
He said that this place will be open only for tourists from the state, not for those from outside the state.
The meeting was conducted by the Editor Bah Deimaia Siangshai in the presence of all the staff of the newspaper.
He said out of the T.1.81 crore received from the government, the company has spent only T.8.5 lakh.
The Rajasthan government has ordered the father of the writer to pay the cost of accommodation in these shelters and the treatment of those who have been admitted to hospital. This shall be the penalty of the Government to the father of the writer.
Brightstarwell also answered the question of Prestone Tynsong, and urged him to give the authority to the VPP to sit in the government and it will answer how many inches to build the road.
Furthermore, since the beginning of the EC meeting in KHADC in the past few days, it has been seen that the Minister in charge of DCA, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, used to be with Bah Pynshngain. Syiem came to power and saw that the DCA Minister did not have the authority to take over the department.
The government will work with the Hima to keep this market clean and tidy, he said.
After being electrocuted, if the person is unconscious, take him to hospital or take him by ambulance for treatment.
The Shnong Authority has honored Kong Jelry Rymbai for donating the land to the Shnong for the construction of the Retaining Wall, which has become a footpath.
The meeting was led by KSU President Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni, Pynshai Rani, Assistant Secretary, KSU Education Cell, Sengmie and other leaders and members of the USTM. KSU from Ri Bhoi and Shillong.
In the competition for the title of Miss Ri-Bhoi College, Jotina Klein won the title of Miss Ri-Bhoi College and Rishanlangki Lynser won the title of Mr. Ri-Bhoi College.
Pastor Snaitang, in his explanation of the power of the 6th Schedule to protect and maintain the ownership of land, expressed the concern of the Jaidbynriew which has MDCs who have not made laws. Assam with a population of 200 lakh and Bangladesh with a population of 2000 lakh in the south. while our nation, which is not even 14 lakh in population, urgently needs strong land laws.
“However, along the way, there is no one to support them to help them improve their chess business.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: UDP MDC from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, has raised the issue of no confidence in the EC led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. The EC on two issues, the extended appointment of Magistrates, the personal interview 500 mark and other issues related to this issue.
Meghalaya lost nine wickets in 50 overs.
According to information received by reporters, many of these trucks parked at the Petrol Pump and other places along the NH-6, were carrying coal and the reason for the parking was At these petrol pumps, it is necessary to wait until you get permission from the drivers and that is to pass through the Weigh Bridge at Narang, Ri Bhoi.
He tried to shoot me many times when he was SP of Tura.
However, if we understand the dangers of using smartphones too much while forgetting to use our God-given brain, the time will come when we will be controlled by these machines. it can even reach world wars.
However, they said that they will not allow the tender to be called by foreigners but will fight for the land owners to be able to operate passenger vehicles from the road. card on the plane.
“We still stand firm on our position that the two Bills of VAB of KHADC and the Bill that has just passed of JHADC should get the approval of the Governor to be enacted by 10th July,” he said. “Our goal is to see that the Rangbah Shnongs of the Dorbar Shnongs in Lum Jaintia should function as usual,” said Dr. Kharshiing.
“From Primary Level to College Level, the allocation is not less than T.4000 crore per annum, which the government through the education department has to spend,” said Prestone.
“We have received a temporary suspension order from the Supreme Court, we have suspended the land acquisition in Pyllun, Nongsder, we have won the election of Bah Pynshngaiñ, we will win the election of Saitsohpen. “We have prepared what is needed now is your support,” said Bah Erwin while speaking at a public meeting outside the Saitsohpen Dorbar Hall.
The woman said that the robbers shot her husband and stole T.50,000 cash and a mobile phone.
This shop is owned by Lily Sumer.
In the second match which started at 4:45 pm, Laitumkhrah SC beat Mawreng SC by 10 goals. Laitumkhrah SC scored the first goal for Laitumkhrah SC in the second half through Neban Lanong (54 min), but the opponent team didn't manage to turn the tide until the end. They scored three points.
Among many others, there are videos, which the viewers enjoy watching and these include the story of “Nga ar met na u khyllah jait” and then U Ma Tap Nep.
He said the duty of the state government is only to urge the central government to strengthen the border security.
Speaking to media, Daniel Khongsit Waheh Shnong Bakur who is also the President of the Union of Waheh Shnongs War Jaintia said that the 27 villages under the jurisdiction of the hospital and also Shiliang Wah Umngot East Khasi Hills, in a meeting held on the 7th of this month at Bakur, expressed their opposition to the company and the government's plan to build this new road. They should suspend the decision to pass through the Hospital PHC Dawki and make a new line, because there is a possibility to move this road to avoid the Hospital.
Earlier, Sapna Chaudhury, who joined the Congress party and was welcomed by Raj Babbar, alleged that she used her old photographs in which she posed with Priyanka Gandhi Vadra.
The CPC has conducted a public cleanliness drive before and after the puja.
“Mother, you don't understand the difference between the city and the countryside.
Today, Bah Shangpliang promised to take action in this regard, which has to go first to the GAD department at the Secretariat, where he has set a time limit of about six months to complete this task.
Last Tuesday, ISIS militants claimed responsibility for the attack, writing about the attack on their Amaq page.
At the same time, Modi will meet with the leaders of these countries.
Shillong, Nailur 26: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) will hold a meeting tomorrow at the residence of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya.
Before the start of the rally, Speeches were delivered by Professor Tamang, Chairman of the Garo State Movement Committee, Bah KP Pangniang and President of the HSPDP. They chanted “No Khasi Jaintia State No Rest” and after the chanting, many people started protesting.
Shylla said that the MRSSA Ordinance has no reason to delay even for 10 hours but he has delayed it.
Because they don't have the road anymore.
Expressing his concern that the buildings of the State Government in the rural areas and in many Block have been destroyed, the Minister said, “This Government has tried to rebuild these buildings so that they can provide faithful service to the people.
The National People's Party (NPP) launched its manifesto titled “People's Document, Vision 2023-28” on 4th June 2023 at a meeting held in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills.
He said the NPP will lodge a complaint against the VPP leaders as they should take full responsibility if any incident occurs that disrupts the peace and order.
Parents who do not have the money to pay school fees for their children, day labourers, casual and contractual workers, migrant workers, market workers, ASHAs, Anganwadis and domestic workers.
Rev GS Shullai Secretary Jowai City YMCA in his opening remarks said that the existence of this Center will help them to overcome their loneliness by coming to spend time with friends and talk about their problems or happiness.
Kartikeya Misra, informed and explained that the aim and purpose of this program is to educate the public about various government schemes and benefits through those schemes implemented by the Government of India. for the residents and to ensure that the schemes reach those who are entitled to them.
celebrated only once a year for Tuber.
The incident happened in front of Mon Soon Hotel on GS Road Shillong.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest visited the places set up by various departments and also handed over Wheelchairs, Hearing Aids and Walking Sticks to the disabled.
Speaking to reporters, Samla Lambor Wanñiang, General Secretary of the Club, said that on the day of the closing ceremony, the Club will hold various games and in the evening there will be a concert. Allow various groups from all over the district to come and take part.
On the 1st of this month, police conducted a raid inside his residence and arrested the suspect.
Jowai, Jymmang 05: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced the distribution of rice to Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY), Priority House Hold (PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of June. (May) of 2022 has been released to Wholesalers for delivery to FP Shop Centers in the District from 4th June to 15th June
The song was sung by Mewanbha D Sawian and recorded by Amos Suting.
I also encourage you not to worry about this disease because it is not good to worry because it will weaken the body's ability to fight against diseases but we should always be happy. your body will be strong.
Steven is now in the custody of the police in Nongpoh.
The NPP's refusal to nominate a candidate from Mairang has been led by the VPP's Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, who is also the party's candidate from Khliehriat constituency.
“Now we will follow up on the DC's statement that it is from the order of the High Court, and if it is, we will have to show our views.
Abraham T. Sangma, Superintendent of Police, East Garo Hills, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills.
He said it is surprising that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah earlier said that the residents of this area are not illegal residents.
The new price for the year 2014-2015 will be announced by MSERC and will come into force from 1st June.
Don't say that we don't have a District Council, we will avoid the problems of the influx of power.
Rephica also completed the 50km race on the Kalimpong Silk Route which is one of the most difficult races.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The State Development Department has planned to start the construction of the Times Square at Polo by November this year.
She said that according to the information they have received, many people will come to take part in the prayer.
The day was also enriched by beautiful dances and songs performed by the students of the school.
The objective of this project is to improve the human resources and empower the youth as well as to strengthen their skills so that they can contribute fully to the income growth of the State.
As St.Paul's SS is one of the centers for those students who write the SSLC, their examination will go smoothly and they should follow strictly, according to the guidelines of the health authorities. of the State Government.
To better understand the excessive growth of this industry, it is necessary to survey the reasons for the growth.
The Chief Minister will be accompanied by the Chief Secretary, Prestone Tynsong and the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Metbah Lyngdoh.
Thus we are the heritage that sees these things written in the Word of God.
Meghalaya BJP Spokesperson Mariahom Kharkrang has expressed her gratitude to Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Minister of Roads, Nitin Gadkari for allocating an additional T.1,241 crore for the construction of the road. Phulbari-Tura National Highway 127 (B).
This incident has shocked, shocked and shocked all the residents and even the neighboring villages until they are no longer willing to go to the fields or to the market.
(3) Electrically.
The Seng also said that the construction of the tower in these areas is slow, while the network is poor.
During his nine years with Shillong Lajong, Redeem has also played in the ISL with the signing of NEUFC. They won 3-0 against Chennaiyin.
Before holding this meeting to express strong opposition to the violence in the state, there was a request to the women of the areas and districts to take part in the protest.
Dr Henry said the introduction of HASA is not the fault of the Vice Chancellor but the introduction of the Central Government to bring about the uniformity of salaries of all teachers in universities in the country. whole.
Birla also urged the use of ICT and innovation in the governing bodies so that their work can be transparent, efficient and inclusive.
The NPP leader said this on the incidents that happened in Mairang, Umsning, Jaïaw and other places where VPP supporters went to disrupt NPP meetings. “It was in Mairang when MDC Batskhem Ryntathiang spoke and in Umsning when Ampareen Lyngdoh spoke, and I don't know whether those who shouted were stupid or not,” he said.
The airplane is ready for you.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a young man who is also the supervisor of the Hot Spring Hot Spring, said that this year, although the rainy season has not yet arrived, The rainfall has been like during the rainy season and such incidents have happened in previous years especially in 2020 where the floods and damage have been high.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) has demanded from the Meghalaya government that the rain will fall soon. to submit a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on the 1st of this month 2022, demanding that the government should take action to implement or introduce the The law and regulations regarding the employment of the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep which is up to 80 percent in the private sector.
In addition, the Police have also arrested school children under the age of 18 years who were driving motorcycles without a license and fined them.
Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, will now take over the Tourism and Excise departments.
Cordor.
He said that considering the work of the teachers with the lowest income, it was exactly as if they were working on a mission or volunteering.
At the same time, he said that in order to open border markets or export points, it is necessary to have a relationship with the Ministry of Commerce and Industry of the Government of India and then with the Ministry of Finance. He said that it also needs the assistance of the Foreign Ministry of the Government of India.
“I am not surprised that I lost my ticket, I didn't know,” said Anthony Nongbri.
A total of 19 people including boys and girls participated in this trekking adventure.
On the other hand, Bah John F Kharshiing, Advisor, MLFOA, Bah B Pohshna, President, MLFOA and other members informed the CEM that the MLFOA has decided to hold an emergency meeting at on 2nd July 2019 in Shillong to discuss this issue and urged the KHADC authorities to take action to discuss with the State Government on these Central Acts which could affect the ownership of land. the shiap, the Khlaw and the btap according to the custom.
We on behalf of the youths who have stayed abroad request the Meghalaya government to arrange transportation as soon as possible for those who have not registered to return home.
Heavy rains and landslides across parts of Afghanistan in the past three days have killed 15 people and injured about 30 others in various incidents.
The BDO of Thadlaskeiñ C&RD Block, Dr Brightstar Langbang, said that the cost of construction of the bridge was under the Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Act 2015-2016 which amounted to 45 lakh 50 thousand tyngka. MBDA 16 lakh 25 thousand tyngka, MP scheme 8 lakh tyngka, Chief Minister scheme 10 lakh tyngka and village contribution 3 lakh 25 thousand tyngka.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, other teachers said that what happened today is something that they don't expect the government through the police to take such a step without forgiveness. even the teachers and their children who came to accompany them.
Nor can the people be blamed, for it is the nature of man to steal money whenever he has the opportunity; However, in any case, it should have its own limits to encourage the people to respect their dignity like some in society.
I will try to shape up the sports department.
On the other hand, the party invites all the former members and leaders of the party in the past to attend the party.
The youth is currently in the Children's Observation Center for 15 days until July 5, 2024, after the Juvenile Court rejected his application. the juvenile's bail application, on Tuesday.
Conrad was responding to a brief statement by VPP MLA from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the House on Tuesday.
I understand that despite this many difficulties they are facing but I firmly believe that with the cooperation and presence of God we will be free from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Her cries were heard by others who lived nearby.
She was a wealthy woman and had household servants.
The KSU said that the incident happened on the evening of the 17th of this month at 4 pm while these children were going to sum near Jingaiti Secondary School, Nonghyllam.
To appoint an Administrator is not appropriate, it is the right of the MDCs to rule.
,,? You have set the date and time for payment, while the lights are not turned off.
Sweetcemary Khongthiang tied for the top score with 16 runs.
All Fair Price Shops (FPS) should implement ePOS devices.
In the past, parents or children used to spend time teaching and showing their children the way they should walk, the language they should learn. speak to them about all the things they should do in their daily lives.
In rural areas, the supervisors will be through the Village Leaders and officials from the Agriculture Department, while in the urban areas, through the Junior Engineers and Government officials from the Ground Water/Public Health/Municipal Corporation Department. and others.
The three accused took the women from Bangladesh and made fake Indian citizenship documents for them before selling them to most parts of the country, police said.
There was another teacher who got a job as a teacher in an L.P.School. That teacher and his friends went to kill an elderly man who had been accused of menaiksuit by Bible scholars.
Eight MDCs including Andrew Shullai, Hoppingstone Bareh, Dy.Chairman, Laitsing Shylla, Chairman of JHADC and Winning have left the party. Sungoh (Mowkaiaw MDC), Wison Iano (Raliang MDC), Hermon Phawa (Wahiajer MDC) and Ruda-o Tang MDC Shilliang Myntang also acknowledged that they have received the support of The UDP candidates include Chanky Lyngdoh, Richard Sing Lyngdoh and two Independents, Rio Sten and Shkem Suchiang.
Besides the ABS, the Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme (MS) has not yet been received by the ASHAs. State Share.
Think too.
The National Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (NMC) has issued an order banning the use of children in election campaigning under letter F.No.A-11033/77/2 -Admin dated 20/01/2017 and the Election Commission of India” through letter No.464/lns/2017-EPS dated 21/02/2
He said that the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has sent a letter to the villages to direct them that if they have any objection to the existence of the factories, they should lodge a complaint. The Union has written to the DC's office within 30 days to complain against the violation of these factories on the cleanliness and health of the people. this area.
Shillong, June 05 : The state government has decided to implement school buses to combat traffic jam especially in Shillong. but the chariot that was not ready.
“The job of teaching is not easy unless they are skilled, but only those who have the gift of God can stay and persevere in the job because to be a teacher requires self-discipline. shah, hard work and dedication,” said Bah Lyngwa.
Recently, on July 30, 2023, hundreds of Danggo's supporters left the NPP and joined the BJP. Ranikor Constituency, but a misunderstanding between him and some party leaders has led him to leave the party and join the BJP today.
In gymnastics, Jammu came first, Kashmir second and in taekwondo, South Bengal came first and Tripura came second.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) on Tuesday inspected the Abhi Coke Coal Factory, located on the NH-6, at Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills District on the 18th of this month. months after the SEPSD lodged a complaint on June 14 with the MSPCB and the Minister in charge of the health department demanding the relocation.
“At present, the EE office is located in Jowai which is known as the PWD South Division, and this Division looks after the areas under the Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, and this has caused inconvenience to the people in coming and going. from the time and the cost of the service.
CHAPTER 18 COFFEE Coffee is a plant that has recently come to Khasi-Jaintia and in the last few years it has become well known to the farmers.
The opposition leader said the government should provide free education to the children from the border areas until they complete their master degree.
The Deputy Commissioner announced that this financial assistance is to promote the private activities of the members of the SHG's.
However, when they reached Banda, they were beaten by the police to disperse them.
“We know that we don't have the authority to challenge the ILP but we will go to the state government on this,” said Bah Nongrum.
The Lancet said the drug had not helped patients at all, according to a survey of 96,000 patients in hundreds of hospitals.
Shillong: Assam Chief Minister and BJP Leader Himanta Biswa Sarma has expressed his condolences on the passing away of Dr Donkupar Roy, one of the leaders of the state.
They also said that in the past 10 months they have been lynga pisa when they have been living alone with their relatives and don't want to come to school.
“It is very sad that the General Secretary of ACHIK, who is also a lawyer, has ordered me to go to the courts of India,” said Bah Donbok.
The Judge is no longer powerful, but he (the believers) has been defeated by the blood of the Lamb.
This prompted James Sylliang to withdraw the NC which he brought to the House.
The High-Level Tribe included the chiefs who held the position of authority.
The screening will be held on the 7th July 2023 from 9 pm at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
Bah Panbor, who used to be good at finding the elderly and also making friends with them, one day sat down with Bah Morgan and asked him about the protest and procession of the youth against the The United Khasi Hills District Council was held on 27 June
He added that the youth of the Church should not forget God lest they become like Adam who was separated from God after he sinned.
Shillong, November 14: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) on Saturday honored the Editor of U Nongsain Hima, Bah Lambok Thabah for receiving the Ramnath Goenka Excellence Award. in Journalism Award, which was received by the Indian Express in Delhi.
This book is entitled “Khasi Lokkathaen” written by Dr. Filma Marbaniang Associate Professor, Hindi Department, St. Anthony's College.
The training will last for 45 days and the most skilled and innovative technicians will receive a salary of T.2 lakh to start a business.
The 62 weeks or 434 years began in 397 B.C. and ended in 32 AD or after Christ.
Regarding his understanding of the value of the environment, he said that it was his mother, who used to sell ktung in the market, who taught him by throwing away the plastic on the ground. the road to the market.
“Make the BJP a strong party in the state and we will eradicate corruption,” Amit Shah appealed to the people of Meghalaya during his speech in Tura.
Use the toilet and wash your hands after using the bar.
However, at such a sudden time, the farmers have had to feed the farmers due to the sudden cold weather in some parts of West Khasi Hills District. destroy all the crops, especially the rice.
AICC Leader Bobbeeta Sharma on Tuesday said that the Chief Minister's remarks on Rahul Gandhi clearly show that he is involved with Bharatiya. Janata Party (BJP).
Shillong, Lber 27: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) on Tuesday elected new office bearers including the Western Zone and Patharkhmah. Circle to strengthen the work of the party in Ri Bhoi West and Jirang Constituency as a whole.
They urged the government to turn its attention to the area, not to treat the residents as shrieh ki tngaw, because during the elections they too are voters like other residents. in other places.
Nongstoiñ, June 12: About 50 percent of the residents of West Khasi Hills, are still living in agriculture and do not have other sources of income to support their families and livelihoods. every day of their lives apart from farming.
However, those who have not been able to rule in the central government are the obstacles for Bah Vincent H Pala and the Congress party this time.
The makers of these stones, have explained clearly to the eaters, that they can eat various dishes, which have been well cooked and covered with these stones, but they should not cut the stones.
When asked whether there are 13 residents of Them Ïew Mawlong who have supported him in the last election where in 2018 he received only 13 votes from that constituency. , Bah Adelbert said that there are those who understand the position of him and the party, that they come out to contest the election not only for the good but for the right.
When the party complains to the public about any problem or issue, it does not inform anyone who comes forward to complain or lodge a complaint with the law enforcement authorities.
On this basis, A'chik should insist that Hynniewtrep should get its own 'Hynniewtrep State' as Hynniewtrep should insist that A'chik should get its own state. to its own Achik State, which is within the boundary of the present Garo Hills Autonomous District Council.
New Delhi: The Mujahideen Ghazwatul Hind (MGH) has vowed to kill Nupur Sharma if she does not apologize for her insult to the Prophet Muhammad.
“The North East has contributed a lot to India's growth but more needs to be done,” he said.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that Meghalaya and Assam will continue the second round of talks on the border for the purpose of looking at seven areas. pending.
A few months ago, the same MP, said that a person should shake his body with his hands and do yoga and this will help to eradicate the corona virus.
Kane, who is also a Tottenham player, is 26 years old, while Goodland is 26 years old.
“We are fighting to protect the rights of the villagers under the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of India.
If we don't get the right fare, we will hold an indefinite strike after the 11th of this month,” said Jersom.
On the other hand, Amit Shah announced that the AFSPA has been decided to be implemented in some areas after the return of peace and order and also after the participation of some people. Armed groups from the North East to sign a social agreement.
It is to be recalled that up to 15 schools have been suspended due to the age of the players and the lack of medical reports.
At the same time, they also requested the law enforcement authorities to take action on this issue to ensure that they are not safe in unsafe places such as in the market places. Many of the wicked began to do their own work, and even in the morning these wicked men did not stop.
Police said they have launched an investigation after suspecting that some drug dealers were planning to smuggle narcotics from Assam to Shillong. investigation.
These are the symbols of my new thoughts to the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, to live to protect and improve your country no matter what rank you are, for the sake of the environment. Therefore, you have your own benefit that Mariang will give you.
The earthquake was not severe and lasted only a short time.
He said he had spoken to the minister to stop the interference of PHE to supply water and MeECL to supply electricity.
Therefore, the maid, with a knife, struck the child from the right hand until the hand of the child was broken and left a mark.
Those Khasi-Jaintia villages and areas which have been transferred to Assam no longer have the status of Khasi or riewlum as they used to have in our State of Meghalaya.
The union visited the school after receiving a complaint from the public regarding the lack of science teachers at Rymbai Govt Secondary School for about 10 years. It was also found that the school has overcrowded classrooms due to lack of science laboratory, computers and full time teachers as many of the teachers are temporary or officiate.
“The idea is to correct the spelling.
“The UDP has 12 MLAs, HSPDP MLAs and MDCs. The vote share of these two parties has reached more than 30 percent in the 36 elections. Two constituencies, including MDCs,” said Paul.
On the other hand, Bah Wallambok, General Secretary of MeSCMA and at the same time the owner of Tiklu, expressed his gratitude to all those who came forward to carry the deceased. From the moment that the family received the news of this incident, it was very sad for the family.
In a statement, Bah Ardent said that the people should read and ask carefully what this statement means.
The deaths are from East Khasi Hills: 05 and Ri Bhoi: 02. According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 343 new cases and 343 active cases. There are 3931 cases in the State.
Regarding the Mid Day Meal, the students demanded to increase the honorarium to Rs.1000 per month to be paid for the whole year (12 months) instead of 10 months per year.
A total of 68 new members of the army took part in the parade held at the Parson Parade Ground.
Speaking to media, Conrad K Sangma said the meeting decided to appoint three Ministers including Ampareen Lyngdoh, Paul Lyngdoh and Marcuise N Marak. to be the spokespersons of the MDA government
It is about 120 km from Shillong-Jowai Bypass, Shangpung, Raliang, Laskein, Nongkynrih Bridge.
It is good and right that pastors should also contest the elections to help remove the world political system which is filled with corruption, corruption, violence, discrimination, discrimination. on the other hand, the intolerance shown by the government authorities, Ministers, MLAs and political parties.
The platform uses the images of mobile subscribers and the database of Telecom Subscriber Providers (TSPs) to detect mobile connections by providing fake documents.
Alice Kharbani, a school teacher from Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, has been selected as the Supporting Actress out of 12 supporting actresses.
Kumar said the elections will be held up to nine times across the country.
When asked why they don't take the T 10 tyngka (nar), they replied that they don't know why, but they don't take it. This happened in all the shops in East Jaintia Hills District including the shops of locals and foreigners.
On this issue, the Supreme Court has decided to hold another hearing on 12th November 2018, to discuss the decision to lift the ban on coal mining in the State.
Lindsay (1778), Resident Collector of Sylhet, was the first Englishman to trade with the Khasi Jaintia Hills and wrote about the Khasi Jaintia and their trade with them in a book entitled Lives of the Lindsay. .
The event was inaugurated by Bah T.Diengngan, Block Development Officer, Nongstoin C&RD Block.
Where is the money invested by the Central Government and the money borrowed by the MDA government? There are only many promises and promises in the form of this MDA government while the work is incomplete.
“The National Highway belongs to everyone even in Meghalaya the National Highway is not a state road.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The Ri Bhoi Youth Development Organization (WRYDSO) has vowed to hold a protest if the government fails to remove the Umsning Constituency from the MDC elections like the MLA Constituency.
(3) Then, you have to learn about those subjects by reading or writing often.
The state government has implemented the curfew based on the number of test positivity rates (TPR) from hundreds of tests.
But if that form of piety is unsatisfactory.
The purpose of the programme, as part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, is not to encourage people to hoist the flag of the country in their homes from 13th to 15th July, but it should instill patriotism among the people and raise awareness about the flag of the country.
“Although Prestone Tynsong is the Leader of Pynursla Constituency, he doesn't have time to look after this problem and the burden of the people,” said former Rangbah Shnong String Khongtiang.
Shillong, Nailur 22: About 100 farmers of Krang Circle took part in a training organized by the Khasi-Jaintia Farmers' Association (KJFA) at Krang Circle on Tuesday.
“This has angered us and we cannot refuse to take action and we demand that the Government should appoint him immediately as the Minister of Education has informed during the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly. There are 1002 posts in Govt.
This is the history of Meghalaya.
The Taliban claimed to have attacked more than 300 places in protest against what they called a fraudulent election.
This means that the US also buys these weapons from the defense ministry or from its allies.
Referring to the Reservation Policy for the three ethnic groups in the state, Batkupar said that it has been too biased and more for the Garo compared to the population of Garo and Khasi-Jaintia in the state. “I don't know if it's like giving a knife to a cow while giving a knife to a child,” said Bah Batkupar Wahlang.
After this, Robert also scored the second goal when he passed the ball to Basuk who scored.
Therefore, there will be problems, struggles, and obstacles that will threaten the relationship between the couple.
The reason why the leaders of these four organizations have met the DC is after they can no longer wait for the delay and negligence by the government regarding these places to search the area. rung the mih of the pictures.
In the second half, both the teams managed to score one goal each.
Buromlangki Salahe scored the two goals alone (32' and 90') to win the Man of The Match award.
Banshai Marbaniang said that the Swachh Bharat Mission (SBM) is one of the important parts of bringing about cleanliness in India whether in rural areas or urban areas as well.
It can also cause redness, redness of the eyes and redness on the skin.
The PDF Leaders and MLAs will be received by the National President of the NPP and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma at a meeting to be held at the NPP Headquarters at 4 pm.
He said that the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is a witness to the Government's efforts to improve roads across the state.
These units include the Umajri Unit, Mawphrew Unit, Mawdiangum Unit, Mawroh Unit, Langpadon Unit, Nartap Unit, Saiden Unit and Umsawnongkharai Unit. The KSU has produced leaders to take over the responsibilities of the KSU in order to serve and protect the people which is the foundation of the KSU. Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambok Star Marngar, while encouraging the leaders and members of the party from these different units, said that the party is still standing firm to protect the He said that the party will not accept the railway line if the government through the Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Railway Department has decided to bring the railway line to Meghalaya.
He said that some of them have been released on bail by various Sengbhalang, some have been released on bail from home and 32 have been released on bail by the Sur Paidbah.
You are Lamin in your speech; He said that it is gratifying that after nine years that the village has not been able to hold the Rongkusi dance, now it has been able to revive this traditional dance of the village.
SHillong, Lber 09: U TMC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Friday said that although the three parties in the opposition The Opposition has its own issues but it is their duty to cooperate as the Opposition on issues affecting the people of the state.
Ma Lasooki is also a former Waheh Shnong of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong and has been involved in social work.
On the other hand, Conrad said that on the Tura seat, the incumbent MP has expressed her willingness to contest again in the upcoming elections. after they have come, they shall take the decision.
"I don't think we'll ever be together like this," said Hiram and turned to her while they were walking along the road.
The delegation will continue to meet tomorrow with other government officials of the Home Ministry and will also meet with other leaders in Delhi.
To the wicked man, he sees only half a glass of water, to the lover of nature he sees that it is half full and it is dirty, but to the Christian, the water is half full and it is the water of life. which can satisfy those who sincerely seek and desire it from the heart.
Referring to the emergence of many famous singers from Riwar, he said that it is after they have experienced in their journey in life that they have been able to develop their own words. their songs that they sing.
Results:1st Round: Alireza Firouzja (Fra) and D.Gukesh (3); Fabiano Caruana (USA, 3) to Magnus Carlsen (Nor); Nodirbek Abdusattorov (Uzb) scores against Anish Giri (Ned); Shakhriyar Mamedyarov (Aze) scored against Aryan Tari (Nor); Wesley So (USA) vs. Hikaru Nakamura (USA); Armageddon: Mamedyarov (1.5) ia u Tari (1); Abdusattorov (1) and Giri (1.5); So (1.5) and Nakamura (1).
If we turn to the village administration in these days we see that many of those Rangbah Shnongs or Nongsynshar Shnongs who have come forward to become Nongsynshar with the intention of getting something and this is what the country and the nation will do. shah thied if it is cleansed with clean silver coins.
All employees and domestic workers have been advised to get vaccinated to protect themselves from the corona virus.
The objectives of the JCDC are: What is the Jowai Constituency Development Council? JCDC activities: JCDC members: JCDC office How can we work with various stakeholders in the community? Cooperation with Waheh Chnongs Cooperation with women Activities to work with youth Activities to work with youth Art and Culture The strength of Jowai constituency also lies in its richness of culture and The aim is to improve and develop Art and Culture so that it can become a source of employment To promote tourism Jobs to work with farmers Jobs to work with contractors and vendors Jobs we work with people with disabilities Jobs with people with AIDS and alcoholism Development jobs Water supply Jobs related to alcohol How are we different from others What does the candidate have ? Our election campaign system is also different. Changes expected in three years What we propose is an opportunity to bring about change, and changes that we can.
:An auto driver has lost his life in a collision with a truck at Jynkieng Umlew on the National Highway-44 Shillong Bypass Road on Monday.
Shillong, July 31: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) who had left the meeting with the Director of NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Dr. Nalin Mehta, have left the meeting. The inspector of NEIGRIHMS Hospital has spoken against them and treated them like street children who want to create trouble.
In another development, Mukul Sangma today sent his resignation letter to the Governor of Meghalaya, Ganga Prasad.
These teachers receive a monthly salary and all the benefits and also when they retire they will find it difficult to get their pension because they have not regularized the service.
The rumor spread by the workers is that 'when the road is completed, the villagers will have to pay taxes'
“Now, the Cherry Blossom Festival is also one of the ways to attract more tourists,” he said.
The purpose of this meeting is also to pave the way and train the youth to stand on their own feet.
Shillong, Lber 3: Thirteen civil society organizations demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state have decided to send their related issues for the strengthening of the ILP in the state. prevent the influx of foreigners.
Besides, he said that it is clear now and the youth should not worry because the government has already ensured that there will be no discrimination against any ethnic group.
Man also announced to forgive electricity to those households who have not paid for electricity until November 31, 2021, who consume less than 2 kilowatts.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, some of the teachers who carried the flag said that the protest is because the government has not listened to their demands for some time but because the government has not implemented them. They said that if they continue to listen, they will take other measures.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KSU) has decided to strongly support the decision of the Khyrim Syiemship to not take part in the Shad Nongkrem. The Syiem of the Hima has decided to sell the Ri Raid land to MUDA for the construction of New Shillong and to the rich.
Everyone will accept if you have a good work that is not partial.
It is to be recalled that Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary Hima Nongspung, was shot dead with his house, belongings, plants and ambulance in the crowd at New Balakhawa on 7th June, He did not allow Assam to build a road in the Meghalaya area under the Nongspung Hima.
John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, said that the 29th November 2022 is the last day of the talent identification program and he is delighted to see the hopefulness of the youth of the state. and hope that in the future through this new initiative, talents will emerge who will reach the National, Commonwealth, Asian Games, World Championships, and Olympics.
Even in such cases, the government should have introduced another method or the means of farming or rice cultivation.
“This is the responsibility of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
All these were announced during the registration process before the start of the election.
MLAs have continued to play an active role in the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) to bring about development in the rural areas.
Initially, they had it transported by us," Laben said.
Looking at all these matches this season, Meghalaya has already played well including against Services which is also the strongest team in Group B. “The main reason “The problem for our team is in scoring goals,” said Bah Khlain.
JOWAI: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday announced that the RKSK (Rashtriya Kishor Swasthyakam) has been implemented in the district. The DMHO has conducted a Screening Camp for children and adolescents from 10-19 years of age in relation to Non-Communicable Diseases.
Earlier, while bringing a call attention, the MLA of Mowkaiaw alleged that the purpose of this new armed group is to intimidate the Khasi Pnars living in Block I area. The border between West Jaintia Hills and West Karbi Anglong especially in parts of Labang-Nongphyllut-Pangam Raliang District.
The meeting also condemned the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board, Shillong, the Health Department and the Civil Subdivisional Administration, Amlarem for not taking any action on this issue.
The Society of Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) under the leadership of Dr HH Mohrmen today conducted a training for the farmers in this village.
“No man hath seen God at any time: if we love one another, God dwelleth in us, and his love is perfected in us” 1 John 4:1
Shillong: The wealth of the Riwar area has become increasingly evident in the tourism industry, but although many of them have not been able to attract tourists.
“We cannot repeal the Gaming Act, because this is an act to regulate the existing gambling and to set rules for the people,” he said.
He added that in fact the House does not need to pass a resolution for the implementation of the ILP but it should fight strongly against the Central Government to revoke the President's order. The Preamble of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Act
There were also witnesses who said that in fact the incident was intended to be blown up by people who were in the Ajay Lama's quarry. They prepared all the necessary equipment for the next morning, but at such a time, heavy rain fell along with heavy Pyrthat and Leilieh thunderstorms, which may have been due to The explosion caused the death of two people and injured five others.
Thun FC has qualified for the semi-finals of the tournament.
The curfew in India started on 24th October for 21 days, was extended until 3rd June and then until 17th June and will now end on 31st June
Therefore, the teachers are worried about whether they will complete the course or pass the mid-year examination.
ABBA released two new songs last night after a 40-year break from the music industry.
According to the JACBoM complaint, on 11th July, 2022, residents of Mowjem village went in search of a man who went missing from Moojem while he was hunting.
However, the road from Borkhat-Hingaria-Huroi is still easier to travel by horse than by car. you are a young N.L.
U Bah LG Nongsiej, who won the MDC election from the HSPDP when he worked with Bah Hoping, but now he is no longer in the HSPDP. as a follower of Maieit, does he have any intention to remember this leader of his and Nongstoiñ as a whole?
Synshar Thongni is a former member of the HNLC and was arrested for robbery from Mawkyrwat in 2014 and allegedly was an aide of the HNLC. and President of HANM Bah Lamphrang Kharbani.
The world's largest race is organized by PROCAM international for men and women in different age groups.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: Each Class IX student has to pay T.150 tyngka to the MBOSE for the question fee. There are about 50,000 Class IX students in the state who fall under the jurisdiction of the MBOSE this year. For Class IX children, the amount of money collected from 50,000 children this year alone has reached T.75 lakh.
Dkhar said that his contest for the Rambrai Jyrngam election will be very difficult, as he will have to contest against the incumbent MLA Kimfa Sidney Marbaniang who will contest from the NPP. Two former MLAs, KP Pangniang of the HSPDP, Francis Pondit Sangma of the BJP, former MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, and Goldenstar Nonglong, a scientist, will contest from Mawshynrut Constituency. Remington G. Momin, a retired government officer, will contest as an independent candidate.
They said that this is no longer a time of regional divisions or ethnic divisions but a time of unity to fight the problems of the nation.
There is not a single small poster but only the NPP,” he said.
If the party gives me the ticket, I am ready to contest but if the party doesn't give me the ticket, I am ready to support the candidate that the party will contest”.
However, the lack of land has delayed the work on this road and it may take longer to complete than scheduled.
Shillong, Jymmang 7 : Meghalaya has started facing a shortage of cow meat due to the excessive import of cows from Assam.
Speaking to media, SDO Pynursla D.Hynniewta said that the first objective of holding such festivals in the area is to spread the beauty of the villages. inside the Pynursla area.
Nearly 1700 schemes of the Central and State Governments use Aadhar and this is a sign of this.
These people were awarded at the SP's office today as an encouragement to others to come forward to help the police.
Commander said that the duty and most important thing of the HFU is to look after the problems of the farmers in many aspects, but if there is an organization like the farmers it will be easier and more important. can deal with agricultural problems.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the HNLC's statement is irresponsible and they should not make any statement without any truth or evidence. objective evidence.
Many parents are not ready to send their children to school and teachers and school authorities are not ready to arrange how to take classes or to help the children who come to school. school.
In this regard, the union expresses its deep sorrow over this illegal activity which has violated the rights of the students especially those who come from poor families. , and the Seng strongly warns against those who are involved in stealing rice, sugar ration to shops without delivering it to those who should receive it, especially to schools in the remote areas. Mid Day Meal is not available to students.
“It is just a television news report,” Sangma told reporters.
“Let us see on the day of the counting of votes because the voters of Meghalaya are smarter than others,” said Prestone.
Members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle Girls' Wing and Circle Leaders did not delay but rushed to the scene and arrested the suspect and took away the child. and the mother-in-law of the suspect to Mawkyrwat CHC for treatment and informed the Mawkyrwat PS police who came to take the suspect from CHC Mawkyrwat.
In the first half, Rangdajied opened the scoring through Donboklang Lyngdoh in the 52nd minute.
Jowai, November 4: Member of the National Commission for the Welfare of Kharmetor, Jagadish Hiremeni, on Tuesday said that I arrived in Jaintia Hills on Monday.
There is already a meat market in Meghalaya and the state cannot meet the demand for beef, pork, chicken, fish, goat and poultry due to the high demand. can.
It is also frightening for the pedestrians because they have to make sure that when they get out of the vehicles they don't touch these jhur or the goods that are there.
Nature also has its turn to test and put trouble on mankind who has done wrong in various ways.
Montre Passah IPP. Rtn Pala said that being part of the Rotary Club is an opportunity to bring that feeling of closeness between people from one country to another.
On the 15th of this month, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, released the Official Data on the salary of ASHA workers. Kyrdem PHC has received T.82,000 as performance incentives and regular honorarium for six months.
The FKGJP together with 12 political parties including the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have launched a strong protest including a curfew and a night road blockade in They have been demanding the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state to curb the illegal entry of mynder into the state.
Shillong: Three more cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in Jowai, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday.
“I took the bag from the waiting area and it was blue and it was very heavy, but I didn't suspect anything bad at that time,” said Souza.
The incident happened today, when a prisoner named Rajit Kongngian escaped from the hands of the police by taking the opportunity to escape while being taken to the police station. The incident occurred at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh.
BJP leaders and supporters staged a protest at Jantar Mantar and protested inside the House and AAP ministers demanded the resignation of Kejriwal, the General Secretary of the party said. BJP leader Kuljeet Chahal in Delhi speaking at a press conference.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Bah R Kharkongor MCS, Nongstoin.
For more information, please call
However, according to sources, the Governor has said that he will approve the VAB, but he has not set a time limit. The bill has been passed within six months, but within six months, the Legislative Assembly has passed the bill because the Lat does not want to approve the Congress-led state government. to pass the Ordinance in this dorbar.
The word 'Mount Marapi' means 'Mount of Fire' and this mountain is the strongest of all the volcanoes in Sumatra.
As citizens, we should not be afraid to travel outside the state without protecting ourselves because there will be no doubt that once you leave the state, there will always be contact with people especially in those states. that this kind of disease is present.
The state of Nagaland is associated with the indigenous peoples known as the Nagas.
He scored the 7th goal through Sambha Ryngkhlem (41).
Participating in the review meeting held by the Women and Child Development Department of the Union Government in the presence of Union Minister in charge of Women and Child Development Smriti Irani.
It is to be recalled that in his last meeting with the Prime Minister last month, he promised to complete this task as soon as possible and also to complete the proposal to introduce the Amendment through the two Cabinets. Meeting.
On the allegation that the people of Meghalaya do not accept the BJP, Chandrasekhar said, “That is false.
Shillong, June 18: The BJP Meghalaya has vowed to lodge a complaint with the Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills against those who spread rumors that the BJP is against Christians and religious organizations. spread on social media.
Twenty-two groups from different parts of the state participated in the programme.
Many times in human nature we think only of getting rich and that is enough for us to become rich.
He said that 10 klong of heroin worth T.500 and 10 klong of heroin worth T.250 klong were sold in all parts of Shillong. He said that he had already sold only about T.1,000 worth of drugs.
However, we will continue to treat both families as brothers until the days of death.
“Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners, and purify your hearts, you double-minded” (James 4:8). Beloved in the Lord Jesus, let us not waste our lives.
The law enforcement agencies should take strong action against anyone who tries to create trouble in this election, because the happiness of the citizens is the victory of democracy through free voting. confusion.
The celebration was held in all the nine states of the North East, where in Shillong, the KSU held a flag raising ceremony and banners with slogans against CAA in parts of the North East. of Khyndailad and other parts of Shillong.
Aizawl: Following the clash between Assam and Mizoram, the residents of Assam have blocked the highway leading to Mizoram, where hundreds of trucks have been stranded on the highway. .
Speech was delivered by Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITO, who strongly criticized the MDA government, which is led by the NPP. Conrad K. Sangma and Prestone Tynsong.
This is according to a statement sent by Samla K.Kharbhih and Rgh T.Risaw, Secretary and President of the Seng Khasi Umtyllun Sohsynnam.
“The elders used to say that there are many kinds of leaders, there are political leaders, there are religious leaders, village leaders and others, but the important thing here is to respect yourself and respect others. .
She said that in 2019, there were 272 districts in India which were identified as those districts with the highest drug abuse and unfortunately West Jaintia Hills District is one of those districts. District.
On the other hand, Kong Tailin Lyngdoh said that the incident which led to her being evicted from the place was the most tragic in her life, which has never happened before.
Shillong, Lber 17: In another incident, police said that L Suchiang has sent a complaint that on the 3rd of this month at 9.30 pm, unidentified robbers with about 3/ Four persons shot dead him at Mawlai Nongkwar, Shillong and took away his mobile phone, wallet worth T.4,000/- and necessary documents.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these goods, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O, (Supply) by writing clearly their name and village so that they shall not be punished.
Although the boy received a negative report, the committee took action.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will take a resolution against the Central Government's proposal to introduce the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in the Legislative Assembly from today. on the 19th of this month.
The meeting was concluded with the unveiling of the flag by the Spiritual Director and the announcement of the Pyllun Dorbar to be held next year at St. Paul Upper Shillong Parish, Zone I. The meeting concluded with the singing of the Anthem of the Union.
Shillong, June 01: The MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is also the Minister of State, has donated a classroom to the Mary Queen of Peace UP & RCLP School, Laitkyrhong. the education of children at the Upper Primary level.
Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu and Sabahmuswang have qualified for the semifinals of the Under-13 Republic Day Cup Football Tournament 2024 organized by the WJDSA.
The distribution of rice is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per household at the price of T 3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per household per month at the price of T 3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at a wholesale price of T 11.77 per kilo and at a wholesale price of T 12.34 per kilo.
He said that the meeting in Delhi will also be a history that will be remembered forever for the HSPDP and the GNC, because after 30 years of the leadership of (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh and (L) Clifford Marak, said that the Khasi Jaintia and Garo States have already submitted several memoranda to the Government of India.
The two MPUF leaders have been charged under Sections 468/471 IPC and Section 11 of the IPC. if the Prevention of cruelty to Animals Act.
The Committee will also hold similar meetings in other parts of the state to seek the opinion of the people on the Bill.
Therefore, we do not agree with the demand for the replacement of the UDP leadership,” said Bah Pangniang.
Minister of Transport and DTO Shillong.
Since the announcement of the Jal Jeevan Mission on 15th July, 2019, more than 6.10 crore households have received tap water and this has increased the water supply through pipes from 3.23 crore. (17%) to over 9.34 crore (48.3%) households in the rural areas of the country.
The presence of the Lokayukta in Meghalaya is one of the opportunities that the citizens should take advantage of if they are confronted with any officers demanding compensation or with Government Ministers demanding compensation.
The High Court has said that there is only one issue that it wants the government to find ways and means to build an airport closer to Shillong as the airport in Guwahati is too busy. too far away.
Boys H/S School beat Adventist Higher SS 4-0 and North Liberty Higher SS beat Sawlyngdoh High School 5-0
At the same time, Bah Himalaya said that the government's fish farming scheme has not worked well because in Balat, Dangar area which falls under his Mawsynram constituency, people buy fish from Bangladesh and sell it back to Bangladesh. India.
There were also those who played well even in the tied like Pushkar Raj Singh who scored 100 runs in the semi final.
Pala said that the Khasi dictionary has now been made available on the internet and can also be viewed on mobile phones. Not only the dictionary but also the bible khasi has been made available on the internet. I don't need to read on my mobile phone.
Richard Tiplang Swer was arrested in 2014 for fraud in which he pretended to be a government employee and pretended to be Jonathan Sohkhlet.
Before the awarding ceremony, a short meeting was held by C.Lyngdoh, BMC-Thadlaskeiñ SSA in the presence of LS Lyngdoh, Jt.
The FCI will coordinate the initiative across the country.
The contract teachers this evening left their month-long protest near the Civil Hospital and sat quietly at the Secretariat gate in the hope that the government will see and take action on their demand.
Speaking on the increasing number of electricity shortages especially among children, Bah Arju said that it is due to the lack of adequate installations for the transformers as the government does not spend enough money to install them during the power outages. money for installing transformers.
He said that at the time of the first Marathon, no Sohra residents were able to take part, but after talks with the organizers, they promised that in the second edition, the Marathon will be held in Marathon. Sohra residents will also be able to take part and promised to take them by bus from Sohra to the starting point. However, they waited for a while at the place where they had stopped, but there was no bus to pick them up and they had to drive by their own car.
“Most of the roads in West Khasi Hills are dirt roads,” said Bah Witting and added that due to the poor condition of the roads, tourists have been afraid to visit West Khasi Hills.
We have to blame ourselves.
Because according to the incident in one village where the shyiap miners were chased away by people who are not Government officials to arrest those who mine shyiap, when they went to the police station, they said that they did not get any information.
World Blood Donor Day was first celebrated in 2004 and later held annually by the World Health Assembly in
The union said that the dewbilat is not only used by contractors but also by the people in many private and public buildings.
Imphal: Seven girl students lost their lives and 40 others were injured when a school bus overturned on Old Cachar Road near It is located in the district of Manipur.
Genesis 3:1-24.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government has banned the import of fish into the state after it was found that the fish contains formalin which is a serious threat to health.
He said that within 12 months of the completion of the road by the Dhar Company, the road has deteriorated and he said that this shows that the Dhar Company has been using the road for personal gain.
Since we gained independence on 15th August 1947 we have been independent from our own countries and kingdoms across India.
This shows that Modi is full of fear.
Replying to a question by Bah SK Sunn, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the mining of coal in the state is in accordance with the rules and regulations. The Mines and Mineral (Development and Regulation) Act 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rules 1960 have been enacted and the review of applications is ongoing.
The aluminum tin distribution scheme is one of the schemes of the Chief Minister's Housing Assistance Program (CMHAP) which the government has introduced to replace the aluminum tins instead of the CGI tins. at a cost of T.3.10 lakh and the beneficiaries will be up to T.75 thousand per household while the remaining will be given in the form of loans.
The Registrar of NEHU, said that NEHU charges only 600 tyngka per annum from each student from degree level and above, and 200 tyngka per month for students of class 12 and below without counting. to the nearest or to the farthest, but all shall have the same price.
>If people or animals are electrocuted by powerful electrical wires, do not go to help or stand nearby without knowing it because they may become entangled and injured.
According to sources, during the meeting between the two SPs, the SP of Hamren agreed to remove the police and the check gate from the village. broken.
Shillong, November 17: MeECL electricity department in Jowai has been found to have failed to pay the electricity bill. T.170 tyngka per month but the bill came that she had to pay T.12,915 tyngka per month but when the owner of the house went to talk, it was arranged that it was only T.170 tyngka.
This can be a type of ïor or thah.
Nongpoh: The excessive deterioration of the road from Bhoirymbong to Nongthymmai and Kyrdem, from Kyrdem to Khyndewso and Nongthymmai to Mawbsein, has caused severe problems to the residents of dozens of villages. in this area.
Attempts were made to contact Bah Pynshngaiñ by telephone on his resignation but he said it was still raining.
Nongstoiñ, July 30: The deadline for the government to allow candidates of all political parties to hold public meetings to explain their election issues is only 25 days left.
However, the management of the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has not yet recognized the team.
It is worth mentioning that recently there were people who claimed to be supporters of the UDP and wanted to get the ticket of Bah FD Ramsiej, but the EC of UDP Umroi Circle, has clarified. She said that she has no knowledge of these people and alleged that they are just exploiters and not the full office bearers of the UDP Umroi Circle.
Let us continue to pray for this cause so that peace and order will come to our neighboring state.
The 21st of 1972 was the greatest and happiest day when we left Assam to get Meghalaya through the protests of the people from all over the villages without reaching the The bloodshed and this became something in line with the example of Mahatma Gandhi who fought against the British through the Non Violent Movement.
Police and CRP had to throw water and fire lightning to disperse the people, who surrounded the office of the SDO Civil Sub Division, the report said.
Nongpoh, Nailur 07: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-bhoi District on Tuesday said that the Umiam Dam has risen and started to flood with the passing of the days. The residents of the area are advised to be vigilant and not to go to the rud wah. The residents are also requested to stay away from the area where there are electricity posts to avoid any incident.
We loosened our shoes and went inside.
These are the things that encourage the Khasi people if they cannot dig and dig on the basis of their own culture, instead of just being deceived by the explanations of others who promote them. something from the countryside and something that is not paid to cover the ethnic groups from the outlying areas like Ri Khasi.
The donation was led by MPUF General Secretary Chalbestar Myria in the presence of Nartiang Circle President Reebok Sna, Vice President Sati Maskut and several members of the MPUF. The East Jaintia District Cricket Association (EJDCA) has agreed to lease a land for the purpose of building a cricket ground in East Jaintia Hills District. They also signed a social agreement on Thursday.
In another match, Leikirang Suiam 9' and Pynsngatmiki Papang 54' scored enough goals for FAM to win against Mynthong.
The French tried to stop this too but they could not.
Shillong: U Bah Pham Syiem, brother-in-law of Bah PN Syiem, former MLA of Mawsynram, who is also the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KHADC), has been arrested. he was killed by two men last night in Balat.
He urged that there should be no change in the Roster System.
This session focused on wild foods.
On this issue, the government has already spoken to clarify that there has been no such discussion. On the other hand, the CEM has made it clear that the demand for Inner Line Permit is the and the Sixth Schedule is its own and should not be confused.
This has weakened the powers of the ADC and has strengthened its powers despite being empowered by the Constitution of India.
Furthermore, these 24 clusters are divided into four zones, and each zone has seven clusters.
Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, the three, along with Monu M.Aarengh, father of the child, Rikomoni Marak, President of Garo Women's Association in Ri Bhoi and others, said: The Pillingkata Police Outpost and Khanapara Police Station have not taken action to investigate and find out the people involved in the murder of the Heprit. thus, and which is only a delay, which shows that they are only doing it to fulfill their duties.
“How can you betray? This is an injustice, this is a betrayal.
On the other hand, Justice Mittal congratulated the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association for organizing the tournament and choosing to hold it at SAI which will also be one of the training centers for Indian players. whole.
During the meeting, the MTD office bearers and Rangbah Shnongs expressed their concerns regarding the increase in electricity supply and the department promised to take action.
The RBYF is one of the most prominent organizations in RI Bhoi and has many branches in the district. The RBYF has been working with the aim that the youth who have joined the RBYF should become the soldiers of the party to work for the welfare and welfare of the people in Ri Bhoi.
However, sadly, only 10 out of 100 people believe and agree with this belief,” said Prestone.
Shillong, Nailar 6: A group of various political parties will meet on the 8th of this month at 2 pm at the office of the Khasi Students Union.
But if the wealth and the race shall be given to the husband.
I have read this question written by Banpyrkhat Nongrang from Mawlaiteng (Jan Lumdiengiei).
There is before a bomb blast, in a car and after that, there is a rocket launch to the scene.
In this country there are people who have used religion in politics, who have been a good example for the future generations to follow in their deeds, whose legacies will be left behind. They shall be witnesses for ever, that they shall be great men, whom the land shall proclaim.
“We have gone to the villages to conduct public explanations on development works and various schemes so that the people can understand,” said the President of the BJP. Two trucks of cut timber were transported for smuggling to Assam.
Speeches were also delivered by the former President Bah Seiborlang L.Nonglait and Bah Rishandon Nongrum, the new President of the party. from various units from all over Meghalaya.
The Church has celebrated its 25th Anniversary or Silver Jubilee Celebration in 2019 with the opening ceremony on the 25th July 2019 and the closing ceremony on the 24th July 2019.
Phudmuri FC has won the 1st Knockout Mawlai Football Tournament 2023 organized by HANM Mawlai Circle.
“We have decided not to allow the relocation of offices and also to transport equipment to Jharkhand, we demand that UCIL should promise us in writing that our work will continue,” said one of the employees. He is the CSR Assistant of Mr. Johnteibor Lyngdoh.
It is alleged that the Assam Police with sticks and weapons have threatened and disrupted the school and the children have fled their schools in fear.
We regret the error.
Furthermore, the JHADC has not received any information about the Coke Factory in the village.
Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) Cresency W Lyngdoh MPS said, “Charity is not a duty, but an opportunity.
The GSU has decided to continue the protests until these demands are met otherwise it will not stop at all this time.
Tracy Rympei scored the first goal seven minutes after the start of the first half and Iaraplang Nongrum added the second goal in the 13th and 3rd minutes. in the 23rd minute which gave the team a 3-goal lead at the half.
Shillong, Naitung 27: Former Mylliem MLA Pynshai M Syiem has sent a complaint to the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Arun Jaitley regarding the deployment of troops in the Upper Shillong area.
The SP, who was led by the DGP, has not yet responded and has called again tomorrow to submit a written statement and it will be decided tomorrow whether to forgive or not.
In this the revelation of God was made to John on the island of Patmos while he was being buried there.
Through the publication of this book, it is clear that the Government of India, or the education system of the Government of India, has treated the Khasi people unfairly and contemptuously, because it has dared to publish a book on the history of the Khasi people, without any details.
Before taking a decision, the matter was discussed for about four hours.
However, when I turn to the villages, I see that people turn to the Congress, especially if it is in the rule of law or in peace and order, especially for us Christians who are the only ones. “If the Congress is strong, there is peace and trust in the Congress than others like the NPP or UDP are afraid and are not ready to. stand in the midst of trouble.
In fact, it can be found that the children, youth and elderly people from the state who have the skills in their jobs, but have been misled by the colors of society.
The International Fencing Federation (FIE) on the 10th of last month took a final decision to allow the fencers from these two countries to return to their home countries. before the opening of the 2024 Olympic qualifiers in Paris.
Lajong won 5-0
Speaking at the meeting, Bah T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his concern over the increasing number of drug users in the South West Khasi Hills District. West Khasi Hills District and taking the suggestions of many, he said that these suggestions will be implemented and to improve the working methods by holding more and more meetings to can solve drug-related problems.
Other speakers included Kamdathmu Suchiang, Homely Lapasam and the Waheh Chnong and Secretary Shnong.
However, there was no need to bring the drawing at the time of the project he said.
“If anyone doesn't believe this, it would be better to ask for RTI from the DC Revenue or the Chief Secretary of the State,” said Ronnie. He said how the officials of the Ministry of Agriculture together with the Sengbhalang, the Rangbah Shnongs are willing to inspect the land when there is no such intention to sell the land.
Kulai is the one who used to set the house.
The EC has held its first meeting under the chairmanship of Bah Pynïaid as CEM. The EC has also approved the First Amendment. ) Bill, 2023 in which there will be a slight change regarding the syrnot not to be given to Khasi herbalists because the old rules are not clear.
“The Minister said that on their demand that the government should implement the EMRI 108, the state government has made it clear that they cannot because there is not a single state in India that has operate the EMRIs themselves but all are outsourced to companies.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Stalin Thongni, Sordar of Pyndeng Umjarain.
The resigned ministers are Atul Bora, Minister of Agriculture, Keshav Mahanta, Minister of Water Resources and Phanibhushan Choudhury, Minister of State for Water Resources.
However, one of the problems of the government is that if the electricity supply to the mobile towers is cut off, it will cause problems to the people who use mobile phones.
Comparing love, hope, and faith, the Apostle Paul says that love is the greatest, because in the end only love lasts forever.
“These acts of misuse of power as a government official have already appeared in the media many times,” said the two parties.
It is therefore necessary to fertilize well, and before planting, if fertilizers such as cow's milk are applied.
(b) The average technical loss in the transmission of the company (Average technical loss).
The match was spectacular and fair but Demthring had more opportunities to score and prevented Shangpung from standing in their own box with the support of the players. 'dien and witnessed the support of the people.
"This is Lydia, the daughter of the one who is called Maheh here in the village," said Father. Hep greeted Lydia and stood up from her seat.
“I have brought the message of the farmers to Parliament.
Speaking to media, u Bah Shangpliang said that many complaints have been received from the residents regarding the lack of electricity, especially in the border areas, where the electricity is out. The government has already said that it has already provided electricity in the entire state, but in the border areas, for months they don't get electricity and it only rains heavily. they lost power for weeks.
According to the confession of the arrested, Banshngaiñ Tynsong, one of the arrested, was angry with the youth and took a bottle of kyiad.
Shillong, Nailur 12: Three days before the Independence Day, Shillong Police have launched heavy patrols around the area and many highways especially at night. CRPF and state police.
The opposition's claim is only about how it can gain political advantage.
The next match on November 1 will be between Shillong Lajong FC and Oil India Football Team.
At this meeting, the KSU leaders expressed their desire that the government should repair and improve the existing roads but they opposed if the government intends to introduce a 2 lane road. that the introduction of 2 Lane will be the path to uranium mining.
Ujjain Police Chief Om Prakash Mishra said the groups also clashed with the police while they were allowing the couple to enter the Mahakaleshwar temple.
The hundreds of supporters were welcomed by NPP East Khasi Hills leaders led by NPP Women's Wing President P Nongpluh and party candidate Alan West Kharkongor.
Heroin weighing 1.07 grams and several golden tins were recovered from them.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Bindo said that Article 361 no longer protects the former Governor, as he has resigned.
The HYC has congratulated the SSA for organizing this league in their wisdom and for providing free seats to the football fans.
“Confusion is part of politics and it has always existed but now it is more severe because the BJP is in power in Delhi.
The recording, mixing and mastering was done by Joelan Pariat while the make up artist was done by Vella Diengdoh.
This guideline can be found on the website of the I&B Department – ​​www.mib.
It is on these issues that the Government will not hesitate to take this difficult step for the sake of economic development, peace and welfare of all the citizens of India, the BJP said. .Although there will be temporary difficulties in this regard, we urge and request all the residents to remain calm for the sake of peace and order in the coming days,” said Bah BKLBmoit of the Media Cell. BJP Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : U Congress MLA from Umsning, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh on Tuesday questioned whether the retired judges continue to be VVIPs in the state.
At the same time, he said that there was no discussion on the Reservation Policy but on the Roster System.
“But if from thence thou shalt seek the Lord thy God, thou shalt find him, if thou seek him with all thy heart and with all thy soul” (Deuteronomy 4:29).
Tamang welcomed the HDPDP's decision not to join the group.
Nyana Bodhi, one of the monks in charge of the temple, said that after hearing a loud noise in parts of the shetja room, he went out to look and found that the fire stopped.
Shillong: In the presence of various political parties, village headmen, elders of the area and women's organizations, a mombati ceremony will be held on the 9th of this month at Pynursla at 5:30 pm. to protest against the shooting death of Ex General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew and to demand a fair trial and to support the voice of the people of Mawlai on their protest to force the state government to I don't know why the police shot dead Bah Che.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong who urged and showed that everyone should stand on their own feet in order to support their families.
The BJP said that Faleiro's statement that the BJP is bringing to implement the situation in Gujarat is only a malicious idea by Faleiro which shows how the party he belongs to.
Shillong, Lber 4: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will face a huge challenge in the coming years, as it will not receive even 10 rupees from the 14th Finance Commission for the year until the year
Not only can we preserve and improve the knowledge of our ancestors, but we can also start subjects in schools, colleges and universities.
With two points, Meghalaya is still in the bottom of the group, while Assam is in the bottom of the group.
The road from Weiloi to Rangblang is one of the roads included in the Non Lapsable Central Pool of Resources (NLCPR) scheme but was withdrawn last year by the state government at the 118th meeting of the NLCPR Committee. My three Chiefs.
On the same day, Sniawbhalang held a meeting at Mynsngat and Lapangap villages on the Assam-Meghalaya border.
Shillong, June 25: The Rangbah Shnong of Nongbareh Village has lodged a police complaint against five persons identified as Starlight Talang, Rhah Pohlong, Shedron Pohlong, Kolit Talang and Takun Pohlong. They have evicted 66 residents from the village for selling ration beyond the price of ration and have been deprived of poor food and wages for 100 days.
To ensure this, use metal rods with the IS mark/shape and also use proper sand.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Joint Movement Committee for Corridor (JMCC) has urged the Central Government to take action to revive the ATR-72 flight from Tura to Balurghat to Kolkata-Delhi. and to Bangalore.
Speech was also delivered by the Secretary of the MCA who recalled the close relationship between the federation and the school in terms of cricket.
Jowai, Jymmang 17: U Ma Puramon Kynjing, has won the Dolloi election of Jowai District by 1,844 votes and defeated Ma RK Rymbai, in 35 polling stations of Jowai District. The Elaka, which includes East and West Jaintia Hills as well as 24 Villages, in the Elaka.
Referring to the hard work of the Congress for Paidang and the visit of Congress leaders to Mawkynrew, Harkin said, “They are like the struggles that come once a month”.
This Lease Agreement for 30 years was signed on 10th November,
She recently won a silver medal at the Goa Running Championships and was actually selected to compete in Malaysia but did not get the opportunity due to lack of support.
The winners of the 50 kg category were first from Pynsuklang Lyngdoh (Seng Khasi College), second from Da-I-Hunshisha Mawlong (Seng Khasi College) and third from Seng Khasi College. Alberis Sten (Women's College).
The total number of cases so far has risen to 212 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
SHILLONG: Seven MLAs supporting the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on Monday formed the United Progressive Front (UPF) to strengthen and sustain the MDA government until the end of the term.
“I have been in office for 31 months as a councillor, but I have not been able to improve the roads, electricity, cleanliness, roads and other necessities of the city. “It would have been better for me to die at the time of the municipal meeting, because I cannot fulfill my promises to improve the villages,” said Ramaraju. ".
If we have the will, we can do it and we must not trust or blame anyone by forgetting our own actions.
Even if you want or get too much, 'the children of the wicked are not ei ei'
Two people have died of covid-19 at NEIGHRIMS, according to a government statement.
It was said that this was one of Russia's crimes against its own troops, in addition to its relentless invasion of Ukraine.
Therefore, the union demands that the office should be repaired immediately, so that it will be of benefit to the farmers in the area.
Furthermore, the Jowai Police Station under the leadership of the OC Jowai visited Sohmynting village to provide assistance to 12 families in the presence of the residents and village leaders of Sohmynting village.
“My phone number was changed on 19th June and internet banking was activated without my knowledge.
“I am not against this demand, and it is a long standing demand since Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, in his protest, demanded a Khasi Jaintia State and in Garo Hills Clifford Marak who wanted to “Garoland and the establishment of the Garo National Council (GNC) to implement these demands but for me, I would say the smaller the better,” said Prestone.
He said that when the patient is sick he should be taken before the doctors for treatment, it is the same with the drug addict if he is caught he should be taken to a place of treatment. If you don't get drugs, the police will suffer because you are in jail.
Another problem is that the water is polluted which is a threat to the health of the people.
During the reign of Rajendra Singh, the Jaintiapur Hima, and it was in the same year that the British took over the Jayanta Pargana and Gobha and merged them. one with Sylhet and the other with Nowgong.
When asked about the allegations of corruption, Conrad said the word corruption was invented by those who are against the state government.
The Minister said that the state expects to receive 66,000 injections for those aged 18 to 45 years in the next three to seven days. The government has already paid for these medicines.
The marathon was organized by the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs as part of the celebration of World Water Day.
The meeting was attended by KSU, FKJGP, HNYF, SSSS, KJWA, KSU NEHU Unit and Hynniewtrep Research Scholars' Association.
Earlier, Judas asked the chief priests, “What will you give me if I betray him to you? They promised Judas 30 pieces of silver.
“Natural fertilizer production is one area that will help farmers and the community,” Turner said.
He said that there has been no development work in all the government departments in Amlarem Sub-Division except for the 100 days bill or MNREGS. but it is not known for what reason it has been abolished.
The result sheet can be downloaded from the MBOSE website, www.mbose.
Therefore, celebrate Christmas with understanding and don't underestimate the great faith of God; until he gave his only begotten Son John 3:1
However, it will take only days and months to return to that old era when only bombs and gunfire were heard.
“I have visited this state many times and every time I come I learn a lot from the people in this state.
Regarding the request of the NSSS to clean up the road leading to the PWD road to the NSSS, the MLA promised to do so soon. to come.
Everyone was asleep except for the three of them.
While you are looking at these beautifully decorated signs, you can scan the QR code at the bottom of the sign and this will take you to those 150 signs. beautiful artwork that you can see.
The 35 arrested were supporters who took part in a 72-hour curfew called by various trade unions in Arunachal Pradesh.
The meeting was attended by 35 to 40 elders from different villages including the Rangbah Shnong of Nongthymmai-Lawjynriew. Lytan blushed.
It is learned that CM Jha has been questioned at the office today, but no information has been received on what the CID has asked him. this is the university.
Shillong: There have been 60 new cases of corona virus in the state today.
Many churches from different ethnic groups gathered at Don Bosco Square, Laitumkhrah on Sunday to condemn the ethnic violence in Manipur which has been going on for nearly three months especially in connection with the robbery of women in this State.
This year, they are not sure how to release the old money, because some have released and many have not received their bills.
These two wild boars came from Bangladesh and passed through Kamar village after passing through the IB of the army at 5 pm.
Bindo said the Election Department should take action on this and seek clarification from the Minister according to the existing rules.
“The implementation of this new payment system will help to curb tax evasion and we hope that this will help to increase the professional tax collection to T.20 crore. "It's not like we're going to be able to cheat," he said.
Primrose Lamat scored these two goals and the team won the title.
In this regard, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) South Central Pynursla, through its Assistant Secretary, Bah V Sohkhlet, has strongly condemned the BSF troops involved in the shooting death of Bah V Sohkhlet. R Researcher.
In my opinion, it is only an insult, insult and discrimination against our own Khasi sons in front of the Khasi clan and nation.
He added that the state has faced the lack of hotels with expensive rooms and the presence of a five star hotel in Shillong will allow the Government to attract the wealthier tourists, to hold the music festivals, sports activities and other events.
They want to be able to do their job when they leave here.
“The Government has already given a safe path to the HNLC leaders to take part in the peace talks,” he said.
He said the old power policy was drafted in
The total number of persons with disabilities in the state is 46,417 and these include all those with disabilities in various sectors.
The Minister announced the allocation of T.2.1 crore for the construction of the Stadium and Sports Ground at Nongkseh and for the upgradation of the Sub Center to the CHC. The Water Supply Scheme has allocated T.15 crore for the delivery of drinking water to the people of Nongkseh and other demands will also be taken into consideration.
Wankam Disiar scored the first goal for Jaiaw Presbyterian in the 57th minute from the penalty spot.
Sylvester Mylliempdah has played well in the field of tied and ball.
Ribhoi has recorded the highest number of cases with 54 cases, including 53 civilians.
Young men from the village are not allowed to bring their wives to the village.
He said it is regrettable that the district administration of West Garo Hills has not conducted a post-mortem examination on the parents of Balsan Marak.
Up to 130 athletes from all over the districts including East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and West Khasi Hills districts have come to take part in the tournament.
The leaders of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts & Guides who gave the training were Ohiwot Laloo, District Secretary, MBS&G-WJHD, Rising Kharngi (Scouts Master), Stopper Phira (Scout Master), CD Laloo (Guide Captain), Pet Dhar (Scouts). Master), Lamisakani Dkhar (Guide Captain), Julius Pakem (Scouts Master), Teilangki Rymbai (Scout Master) and Aidasuk Warlarpih (Guide Captain).
“I don't know how the District Council uses its enforcement, whether it uses it just to wait at the gate or whether it should be used for the people,” said Thomas Passah.
Anyone who has seen or knows anyone is requested to inform the Police Station of the State or neighboring States by calling 919366115320 OC Mairang, 96122109900 IO or email sp.
Before the incident, it was reported that the helicopters flew very close to the ground for about 10 hours after midnight.
“The revenue from Khasi Jaintia should be spent only in Khasi Jaintia and the revenue from Garo should be spent only in Garo. Why should we talk only about the Winter Capital? The allocation of funds from the Central Government should also be distributed according to the size of the land and the population. ".
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The National People's Party (NPP) MP candidate Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh has expressed her satisfaction that the High Command of the party is from the state and therefore she does not need to go abroad to vote. “Fortunately, the High Command is from our state, so I don't have to go to other places to discuss the issues of the party. elections or manifestos that do not suit my state,” she told reporters.
The leaders of the union had a thorough discussion with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs on the impact of drugs on the society and how to prevent and eradicate this illegal beverage. .
Shillong: A man has been arrested for allegedly raping his wife and 15-year-old son on Tuesday night.
Such problems also arise due to the lack of will of the authorities to address these problems faced by the people.
The village together with the village youth association, FKJGP, KSU urged the MeECL to expedite the repair as soon as possible as it has affected the students who are nearing the exam, and at the same time there is a big prayer. of the Catholic Church.
On the 22nd of this month, Michael Pakyntein lodged a complaint against Bah Paul alleging that he misused public money amounting to T.55.80 lakh.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) in 2014 banned the mining of coal within the border of Meghalaya.
It may be recalled that the NGT order issued on 8th November 2022 has directed the government to formulate an action plan and punish those Coke factories which violate the laws especially those which are set up after on November 23, 2020.
The Mawhati MDC also spoke about a family who lost a member after being allegedly tied by a Nepali in the past few months.
Jowai, Naiwieng 01: One of the residents of Jowai who is also a volunteer in the field of cleanliness in the surrounding areas of Wah Myntdu, u Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, today handed over a letter urging The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) to implement the Act to recognize all the Kurs in the Jaintia Hills District in accordance with the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
Shillong, July 28: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) on Saturday announced four candidates for the Legislative Assembly elections to be held on the 27th of this month. June 1, 2023.
“It is necessary to train the youth to avoid having children,” said Bah Wahlang.
AAP leader and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said, “Just because the Opposition has formed a coalition called INDIA, will the Central Government change the name of you Country?.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, said that after the meeting, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Ministers and members of the Seng Hynniewtrep Iewduh were present. The Hindu Association (HIA) has decided that shops in Iewduh should close within 10 pm.
These issues should be discussed and consulted with the government officials in charge of the Tourism Department.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) Raghvendra Awasthi has convened a meeting with all the Village Authorities in the city as well as the school authorities in Shillong. the city.
The new invitation for ration vendors will be for five (Three) years, from 2023 to 2027, according to the Meghalaya Food Grains/SK Oil Control Order
Pope Francis has appealed to the countries of the world to help end the conflict after a city with a large Christian population, many Christians have fled their homes for the sake of their lives.
The railway line is being prepared with adequate drawings and appropriate measurements for the passage of passengers and transportation of food and beverages.
A new video that has been circulating recently in the media says that it was seen on Tuesday that Amritpal Singh and his assistant Papalpreet Singh appeared to be present and that Amritpal walk without a jaiñspong and wear a mask.
Nongpoh, Nailar 01: Under the banner of JAC All Ri-Bhoi Passenger Vehicle Association (JACARBPVA), on Tuesday, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District protested against the death of commercial vehicle owners. They have set up their vehicles in the grounds of this office in order to demand their rights which is the fee to go to the Election and Covid-19 polling stations.
It is not necessary to have a Roster System but how to implement it.
The CMJ University has come under fire after the Governor of Meghalaya, RS Mooshahary, who is the Visitor of the University, has lodged an FIR against the university for violating the rules and regulations by issuing syrnod degrees without degrees. The CID has sealed the office of the university and the Governor has ordered the state government to close down the CMJ University.
"He said that religious people should serve not rule and should not be served.
The Congress in Mizoram has released its first list of candidates for the upcoming elections on 28th November 2018. The first list includes 36 candidates, including Lal Thanhawla. The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, u Champhai South Constituency.
The truck (RJ-23GA 4335) belonged to a rich man who works as a transporter of rice with the Food Corporation of India (FCI). FCI branches in Tura and Williamnagar.
Messages should be informative and avoid scaremongering.
He said that the party will not hold a rally on the 11th of this month which falls on Tuesday due to the Shad Suk Mynsiem.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul, has expressed his condolences to the family of Das.
Conclusion of the statement by K.Pohshna.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 119 cases and these include 18 cases in Bakur, 4 cases in Darrang, 4 cases in Dawki, 7 cases in Iawmusiang, 7 cases in Khanduli, 7 cases in Ksehrynshang,
Speaking to media, Bah Forwardman Nongrem, President of the party, said that the party has expressed that it cannot accept the introduction of coke factories within the border. “If there are these coke factories in South West Khasi Hills District, it will have a serious impact on the environment,” he said. He gave the example of Nongjri Nonghyllam village which has been badly affected.
Speaking to reporters, many Rangbah Shnongs expressed their surprise that many of the residents have been missing from the list of poor who should have benefited from this scheme.
Stressing on this need, he said that there should be a dialogue to resolve the issue in a peaceful and understanding manner.
I urge sir shulai to bring money first for the 108 employees to continue their work. If the CAB is implemented in India, will the north east be saved, then the north east is no longer in India. , that how it will be tyngkhuh when it is implemented will not be accused of bombing the officers.
The schemes relating to fertilizers in the RTI do not have a written material in terms of materials.
The next match in the pre quarter final will be between Marbisu FC and Assam Regimental FC at 1:30 pm.
Ampati, July 10: The District Administration of South West Garo Hills has warned the residents of South West Garo Hills that according to the forecast of the Indian Meteorological Department, there will be heavy rainfall. From the 8th to the 12th of this month, it has warned the public to be vigilant during these days.
One of the principles of the Riti Academy is to be humble, humble and to avoid being selfish, excluding those who work outside the group who are not members of the group. .
In a written reply to the Rajya Sabha, Reddy said that the authorities such as the Dorbar Shnongs in Meghalaya play an important role in the society and economy of Meghalaya, besides protecting the environment. environment and raise public awareness on the protection of the environment and its resources.
On the other hand, Bah Arju said that he has also discussed with the Minister of Electricity regarding the problem of MeECL employees who have not received their salaries for several months now and the terminal benefit has been granted. The Vice President of CCoRMAU, said that as MeECL employees, the group wanted to meet with the CMD of MeECL, Sanjay Goyal, however, it is not known for what reason he avoided meeting at the last moment even when he scheduled a meeting on July 14th.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) on Friday vowed to lead thousands of children of the Sohiong Hima if the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) continues to do the same. u Lyngdoh who was suspended after many complaints especially in connection with allegations of misuse of Hima funds.
“In the special session, the ruling PDF MDCs have decided not to discuss the Bill but to accept it.
Jowai: Unidentified cow traders have thrown a dead cow into the Syndon River and this has been a good luck for the dohum fish in the river. delicious food and keep for months.
The tournament was held to promote football among the youth in the state and also to select talented youth and children who are not in any Academy to be enrolled in the Soccer Camp of the Club. improve their playing style.
W.Lyngdoh Sangriang, Lyngdoh of the Sangriang Kur, who is also the owner of the land, said that on the allegation that Mawthabah is a place where only 4 or 5 vehicles pass through the day, he said, “ When you don't have a car, you don't want to pass through the road which is now very bad, you have to drive a pick up, what kind of car is that to drive, that's why you demand the road. 2 Lane and if the 2 Lane road comes, the village will become a city like other places that come 2 Lane,” he said.
Out of the 20 cheetahs imported from South Africa and Namibia, five have died in Kuno National Park, Madhya Pradesh so far.
By the final round, Bah Synshar has received 3422 votes, 16,679 votes while Bah Samlin has received 13,257 votes.
Singh said his office will start the cleanliness drive every Tuesday and Saturday from 3 pm to 5 pm for two hours. also on the day of God.
The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya has the power to enact laws in relation to the specified functions even if the District Councils have enacted laws in relation to those functions.
Officials of the investigation team said the raid was conducted early that morning in districts in southern Kashmir including Shopian, Kulgam and Anantnag.
Dignitaries who witnessed the consecration ceremony included the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Sniawbhalang Dhar, Lok Sabha MP Vincent H Pala, other government ministers, MLAs and MDCs and others. others are called lyndan.
Telecom : the surpathai-sur is the telecommunications system; Pathai is to distribute or send public news throughout the village, raid or kingdom.
The Seng strongly opposes the public hearing on many grounds:-
The Government of India has launched the DDUGJY scheme formerly known as RGGVY. Nationwide, the NDA Government has allocated T.756 billion (US$11 billion) to provide electricity to all rural areas. there is fire in the country.
The investigation into the suspect is ongoing.
These clear ideas cannot be explained in any other way especially at such times when the world is struggling to find protection against the Covid-19 pandemic.
Shillong, Lber 12 : The State Government has decided to summon the members of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) after the State Budget Session to discuss and arrange for the eviction of all the Kharmetor from Mawlong Market. the Symbud of the Prime Minister and Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar.
That is a complete custom and will be complete if we remain faithful to our traditional Khasi religion.
The body of Purno A. Sangma was taken to Tura by an Army helicopter from Delhi today. Kiren Rijiju and his family.
We have seen the impact of Khasi writing in the world of social media.
El Paso: A man armed with an AK 47 shot dead 20 people on Saturday at a Walmart store. which is not in the United States.
Because it is said that the smoke from these forest fires is worse than other types of smoke and more dangerous to mankind than the smoke from other types of equipment. machines that produce dirty air.
Let us be those who give up the desires of the flesh and not allow others to interfere in our personal life but let us be those who are strong in ourselves.
Also present at the meeting were MDCs from the Opposition including Donkupar Sumer, Rona Khymdeit, Donevan Kharwanlang and Lamphrang Blah.
It is worth mentioning that this strange incident in this family, has shocked not only the people of Umtrei, but also the foreigners and especially those people, who have been They went to see with their own eyes at this place, where they witnessed the true incident of the fall of stones, phan in this house.
It may be recalled that the State Government has moved forward with the appointment of a management committee for the slaughterhouse.
In fact, the AICC has not empowered Mukul Sangma to remove government ministers in the past, but it is learned that this time, the political situation has changed and It is necessary to authorize the Prime Minister to do whatever is necessary.
It would be good for the groups from Ri-Lum Garo to ask for an estimate of how much money the government has allocated for Ri-Lum Garo in the 2023-24 Budget and in previous years.
The Public Health England (PHE) said the Delta variant, known as the variant of concern (VOC), was the first case in India.
The residents of the village, often help those passengers who have encountered accidents, regardless of whether they are foreigners or the villagers, but when such allegations arise, the “It has affected the people of the village as a whole,” he added.
Of the injured, one patient was taken to Guwahati yesterday and two others were sent to Barpeta this evening, the statement said.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: A delegation of indigenous leaders including Chief Officers of the Ministry of Chittagong Hill Tracts, Bangladesh and officials from the United Nations Development Program led by Raja Devasish Roy, who is the head of the Ministry of Trade and Industry, The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Lamphrang Blah on Tuesday met with the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Lamphrang Blah to discuss the judicial system. nation.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 06: The Congress Mahila Congress Committee West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a public meeting to elect the new office bearers of the District and all three Block. Nongstoin, Mawshynrut and Rambrai.
He said the council will also try to create opportunities to improve the existing markets, Byrnihat and Laitlyngkot which the council is still running.
“Any employer of any job worth T.25 lakh or more will have to pay a cess to the government,” she said. to the day laborers.
In response to the need for this, the club leaders said that it is necessary to provide training or teach how to think carefully when going to the water, because the club I have seen that many precious souls have lost their lives.
This cannot be achieved without strong G20 leadership.
The rally started from Mawpat BSF Shillong and was inaugurated by Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi DGP Meghalaya as the chief guest in the presence of Inderjit Singh Rana IG BSF Meghalaya Frontier. The distance of 2729 km is expected to be completed within 16 days.
On this occasion, the Hima Mylliem, said, that these lands, include the Raid Marwet of the Hima Mylliem, which is the land, which has been owned by the Hima, since ancient times.
Then there are the farmers of Laitkor, Pomlakrai and Lawsohtun who face problems from time to time.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexender L Hek today said that a meeting was held between the management of various hospitals. The Civil Hospitals in Shillong and Tura will be converted into Corona Care Centers if there is no case of Covid-19 in the state.
This is to allow the believers to take part in this ceremony.
Therefore, when I see the new announcement of the MPSC in which the quota of posts has been allocated equally, ie 14 vacancies between Khasi-Jaintia and Garo, I am filled with joy and satisfaction,” he said. he is the leader.
Shillong, June 11: The turnout in Block II constituencies has dropped to 38 per cent in the last MP elections, said Bah F Kharkamni, President of the KSU North Khasi Hills District.
He said the NEC has prepared a Detail Project Report (DPR) for the next three years and this is targeted to be completed by
They alleged that on 4th June, 2013, Dr DD Tariang had issued an order from the office to increase the salary of the Medical Superintendent of Dr HGR Hospital to T.65,000 from 1st June,
Donald said that members of the KSU have gone to the hospital to see the youth but no information has been received yet. The Commissioner of Police, Bangalore, has been invited to comment on the matter.
“All festivals will be suspended and all government programs whether it is to lay the foundation stone or any other projects we have decided to suspend temporarily until the 30th of this month,” he said.
Pc) from 6 pm on 31st October 2020 to 3rd June
Lakhon said that the government has decided to improve the recruitment process through the DSC, MPSC, as it takes about 4 or 5 years after the advertisement to call for an interview. Advertisement and Interview every year.
Even after the second half, Ladthadlaboh FC scored the first goal in the 82nd minute when Buromlangki Salahe scored the first goal for Ladthadlaboh. completely enough for the team to win the title.
Agnes has lodged a complaint against the police for not doing anything and to hand over the case to the CBI. The court concluded that the Commissioner of Home Affairs, EP Kharbhih, who is also a member of the High Level Scrutiny, The Committee has filed an affidavit stating that the case is pending in the Supreme Court.
Referring to the order issued by the High Court on the 13th of this month, Pynshngaiñ said that the KHADC is still in the final preparations and will soon send the order. He wrote to the Supreme Court to hear the case, which he said that the case is related to the Act and therefore requires them to gather many requirements.
Before taking the decision to support the EC led by Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, Morning said that he has already spoken to the party leaders from Mawshynrut constituency from the President and Secretary. He said that about 50 percent of the party leaders are with him but he cannot inform everyone because there are too few people in his area. your mobile network.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Laitkor Mawrie Lumheh, has decided to give six months to all foreigners who work within the boundary of the village to leave.
Mawkyrwat, June 03: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Mawkyrwat Circle today honored two players who led the Meghalaya Football Team to the top 10 spots. The 76th Hero Santosh Trophy 2023 was held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia recently.
Rangbah Pranshon said that the railang has already been agreed upon because the ancestors have been left in the phalang ka phalit, where the children and parents are no longer entitled to provide for their brothers and sisters. take the rank of sons and daughters.
He also promised that he will soon use the money from the MLA scheme for the needs of the school.
Sniawbhalang has been accused by the Jowai Congress of campaigning around the constituency to support Wailad against Dr RC Laloo.
These cows were seized by BSF and police while they were smuggling cows to Bangladesh in the area.
Indeed, this is the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav gift from DoT & RJio to the residents.
“The media should not be allowed to mislead the people,” she said.
Shillong: The UDP Shillong City Youth Wing (UDP) has demanded that Congress leader Randeep Singh Surjewala apologize for inciting youth and armed men.
The statement said that the allegation against the DMR officer is groundless but it is only an attempt to slander the officer and the department together with us. as alleged.
Youths who have reached the age of 18 years to 27 years can apply for this training and must have passed class 10 and above.
He also suggested that as students, they should choose between do not do good but do the right thing. which explains that they must choose what to do.
Not only that, it was also alleged that the TMC supporters shot the waiter and after that, they ate the food prepared specially for the participants.
However, the UDP has its own strength and the people trust the UDP. Besides political affairs, the Central Executive Committee also discussed the issues of the farmers and urged the Farmers' Wing to Mawsynram MLA Olam Singh Suin was appointed as the President.
Christopher on the other hand scored 90 runs for 201 balls including 12 fours, reached 76 runs when Gurung was dismissed and scored 14 runs. two batsmen remaining and he was defeated with about 10 runs left to score 100 runs, who was the last player to out for Meghalaya.
In troubles and struggles, let us pray earnestly for the power of the Spirit, The Lord hears and guides, He takes care of all those who call upon Him; who pray with all their heart and soul.
A source from the investigation team said that Singh's name appeared in the complaint four times and the mistake was only once because he was named as a Rahul Singh.
He said that so far 1884 samples have been sent for testing, 1782 samples have been negative, 90 samples are awaiting results, 19 samples have recovered and 1 sample has been positive.
Two of the three youths were seriously injured and are undergoing treatment at the same hospital.
The Vivekananda Award of Excellence was also awarded to Bah Sumar Sing Sawian for his outstanding contribution to the Khasi society and Sangita Dey, teacher of the school. Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre.
The spot evaluation for SSC candidates 2020 has just started and when it will continue it is not yet known.
“A senior officer will oversee the preparations for the implementation of the blood bank.
In the afternoon, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E.Kharmalki IAS, called for a meeting with the leaders of JAC and JHCMA. State haka 25th November
Risingbor's musical instruments are handmade and through his understanding of quality and design.
This is a picture of Evo Morales, former President of Bolivia.
The three BJP MDCs also said, “Our party, the Jaitbynriew first, the second party and the third self.
However, after the arrival of the police chiefs at the scene, only the bodies were found as well as those who were injured and lying lyngkrang at the scene.
East Garo Hills has 5 cases, East Jaintia Hills has 18 cases, 7 cases of high risk contact and 7 cases of ILI.
The HYC has given two months to the Meghalaya government especially the Department of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare to set the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for all agricultural products.
The BJP leaders Jirang Mondal and the district leaders held a special meeting with the district leaders to discuss the issue of ticket issuance. Bah Lee Bareh as the BJP candidate who has worked hard in this constituency and hopes to win.
“The Congress' desire to implement the Foreign Act or the three tier card is political nonsense and these Acts have no basis unless it is quick to repeal these Articles. “The HNLC has signed a peace agreement with Nepal in 1950, then with Bangladesh in 1972,” said the HNLC Publicity Secretary Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw.
They include Amit Mog, 29, Rajesh Kumar King, 33, Baby Mog, 38 and Sanjit Debarma, 42, all from Tripura.
Shillong, Nailur 5: The Under Secretary, Secretariat Administration Department, on Tuesday said that no one will be allowed to enter the Secretariat and meet with the Chief Minister or Government Ministers during the State Legislative Assembly without prior approval. the approval of those ministers, that the people should meet.
Guwahati: The Kamrup (Metro) District authorities have ordered the closure of the Accoland Amusement Park at Rani-Patgaon until an investigation is conducted. it is a clean place for the visitors.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Amit Shah expressed his gratitude to the 36,250 Policemen who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of peace in the country and the border areas of the country since independence.
According to the source, talks have also been held with the NPP leaders to allocate three ministerial seats to the PA.
The two State General Secretaries include Dr. Evarist Myrsing for Ri Bhoi and Lakhon Biam for West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, the Minister said that the scheme under NESIDS was approved at a meeting between central government officials and Meghalaya government officials.
Phibanrihun Kharsati from Mawryngkneng Block won the Best Goal Keeper title and Nabaphylla Majaw from Khatarshnong Block won the Best Player title in the women's category.
Shillong, November 7: The students of Shillong have been facing a serious problem now as the government has not released their food fees for many months, according to information received from the students. NEHU said that in other states in the North East, the students have not been delayed for more than six months or nine months. They have applied but have not received any.
The order does not indicate that there will be any dispute over the ban on the mining and sale of coal in Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: Two out of five candidates have lost their election campaign conducted by the KSU Pynursla Unit today. Johnson Lyngdoh is a private candidate.
I raised and spoke on this issue at the District Council meeting last month and everyone expressed surprise, what kind of scheme is this.
More than 50 players from different districts and schools of different ages and ranks took part in the tournament.
The Mawphlang MLA also handed over a Work Order of T.5 lakh for the Seng Khasi School in Marbisu.
“With this in mind, among other things, we have also taken the time to ensure that if Meghalaya has its own medical college, they must be ready to take admission. we shall lose that too," she said.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, has written to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, informing him of his meeting with the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF). He said that there is a concern among many, including political leaders, religious leaders and civil society groups, about the proposal to open a casino in the state.
Dr S.Warbah Urban Health Consultant, UPHC staff including ASHAs, ANMs, children who come to take medicines and others attended the meeting conducted by Dr E.Challam Additional DMHO. Medicines are also available at Aganwadi Centers free of charge.
The teachers who have been dismissed by the state government, known as the Meghalaya LP School Contract Association (MLPSCA), have been on strike for four days.
As part of this programme, the students took part in street games on the employment of children under the age of 18, with the participation of all the participating groups. Child Welfare Committee, District Child Protection Unit and others.
In order to strengthen the health department to treat COVID-19 patients, the state has moved forward to strengthen the health facilities.
The next meeting was held by Fenella and was accompanied by Adelbert Nongrum, Ban Basaiawmoit and supporters.
He said that out of the Rs 8 crore 6 lakh allocated for the construction of the school, the contractors have spent Rs 2 crore to build the building and the government has paid. The running bill for them is only Rs 40 lakh.
At that time do you dare to stand?3
It is unfortunate that the Prime Minister does not know his part,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The DC's office has also been able to assess how much garbage is collected in the households and how much garbage will be collected in the households,” said Andrew. -19 There should also be adequate garbage dumps to prevent other diseases due to the lack of garbage dumps.
It is worth mentioning that this is not the first time that such an incident has happened but it happened when a group of Jyrngam taxi drivers went to the DTO office on the 7th. March, 2016 and also to the SP Traffic who spoke on the matter.
In Mumbai alone, there are 29,715 cases.
He said that at Dangar PHC this month alone, up to 5 women have given birth to their children. it cannot be said that it is a tortious act.
He said that this government's negligence towards the students of the state has discouraged the students of the state because even after knowing the increase in the price of goods but the government has not pushed. to help the students by providing scholarships to these 10,000 students.
Issuing the order to release Thapa, the Division Bench had issued the order on 12th November and questioned the wrong and arbitrary investigation.
The Governor urged the youth to hold on to the spirit of democracy, human rights, to protect the rights of women and children and to protect the environment and all living things in this world.
“He said that they are pleased as a group to see the enthusiasm of the people to attend the Cherry Blossom Festival which was organized in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya under the leadership of the Chief Minister and the Department. Tourism.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the members of the HNLC to follow the example of former General Secretary Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. you're right.
