How many more schools, colleges and universities we have and how many more teachers and students we have but why is the surrounding area filled with garbage, plastic and garbage even inside the ground and where are these shlems of teaching? Even the schools have failed to teach what is right or even the students have not remembered what they should do as responsible citizens of the country and the nation.
In 22 overs, Sandystone Kharshandy scored 107 runs for the loss of all wickets. Kishan Lyngdoh scored 33 runs from 30 balls, Kishan Lyngdoh 22 runs from 7 balls while Welmanson Passah took 4 wickets and Heipormi Laloo took 2 wickets. wicket, and in this match All Jaintia won the first title by 182 runs against East Khasi Hills DCC. The MCA has temporarily suspended the tournament due to the issuance of an order by the district authorities on the spread of Corona Virus or COVID 19, and the tournament will not be held again until Shillong: YBSC FC (Shella) has reached the semifinals of the CMiv Laitkseh Premiere tournament along with Lamare FC and Seven Brothers FC. The Football Tournament 2019-20 was organized by Laitkseh Sport Club after beating Ehrngiew FC 1-0 on Tuesday at Mawkynjoin Stadium, Laitkseh.
We must work together with the Government for the good of our health.
Speaking to reporters, Program Coordinator Wanpynhun Kharsyntiew said that this day is celebrated after the International Labor Conference has accepted that domestic workers should be respected.
He was hungry and stood firm with the people of the country to fight for this issue.
November 28: The General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Kmie Mawkhar, Bah Bantei Singh Rumnong, on Tuesday said that the youth should not be afraid. to engage in activities that cannot build their future.
This is the second meeting between the players and the government in five days.
However, it is unpleasant that instead of reducing or ending bloodshed, these are in vain and I consider this an unpleasant incident.
The KSU has met with the DC after receiving reports from the residents of the area about the Karbi violence against the Khasi. in West Jaintia Hills District.
The Jaintia Students' Movement has expressed its concern over the change in the appearance of the Myntdu River and calls upon all those involved to take action and protect the river.
The VPP said that the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma on July 1, 2023, told the media that Meghalaya is not yet ready to implement the NEP 2020 in colleges for the academic session 2023-2
Shillong, Naitung 9: Kyndiang stands in the middle of Shillong, a building not only famous but also famous which the whole of Ri-Khasi knows about.
The program will start with a Holy Mass at 10 pm and a Cultural Program at 1 pm.
The theme of the celebration was “Red Show, Cultural & Variety Show, Red Run, Red Ribbon”. (Quiz Competition) are part of the games of the Youth Festival.
He is a good advisor and points out the direct and easy way to reach the goal.
“Your Niakha's goodness is too much... Do you want to support me...?” she asked.
For more information, please call 9774407962, 9612942208,
The total number of cases has risen to 42,80,422 and the total number of cases is estimated at 43 lakh so far.
Speaking on the importance of knowledge, according to an article quoted from the book 'Light from Ephphatha', he said, “Knowledge is essential in the life of everyone. for wisdom is a treasure that endures with a man until the day of death, where the thief cannot steal, the money cannot destroy.
“After this, they lodged a complaint with the BDO Amlarem, and the BDO asked for an answer from them but it remained the same,” said Bah Warit.
When this reporter spoke to the shopkeepers at the market, they said that the price of the best kilo is T.94 per kilo while the worst is T.84 per kilo.
The Government should take care of the poorest of the poor who cannot be obtained from the statistics and census.
In the financial year 2022-23, the Union Government has released Rs 15,770.40 crore to 25 states under the SDRF and Rs 502.744 crore to four states under the NDRF. Inter-Ministerial Central Teams (IMCTs) have been sent to those states where there have been no earthquakes after these incidents without receiving a report from the states.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the HSPDP, Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, said that as the leaders of the HSPDP, they have the intention to seize power. He said that the Congress government has misled the nation for 45 years.
Then one of the wounded is left unconscious in the middle of the night.
In the evening service which started at 6 pm, Mr BTL Marngar and the choir from the Mawïawet Presbyterian Youth Church read the Word of God and prayed.
He said that if this does not change, the youth will not be able to take the initiative to shed blood.
WJH has qualified for the semi-final after being selected as one of the teams from Zone 1 Group B to play in the knockout match, while Tura has qualified for the semi final as the runner-up. up from zone 2.
“Only for the road in Saipung and Border area in Narpuh, the cost will not be less than Rs 2000 crore, whose government can spend so much except the BJP,” said Swer. if he had just joined the organization today.
“Tomorrow if you ask me whether we want the ISRO Center here, of course we want but I also want to have a resting place for the President of the country here. I don't want to go to medical college—my dreams don't end there.
Shillong, March 3 : The High Court of Meghalaya has granted bail to a woman accused of being infected with the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) under the NDPS Act. .
Nongrem said that his intention to contest the election does not mean that he will contest with money because he is also a man who doesn't have anything.
This itself hurts their eyes, but exposure to the sun for between two and three hours during the day can balance and help maintain the health of the eyes.
Israel was hit by rockets from the Gaza Strip on Saturday and several Hamas militants have smuggled into Israel from the West.
From the Spirit – And they came unto him (John), and were baptized of him in Jordan, confessing their sins" Mark 1:5
James Ban asked the EC why the Bill was passed on that day while the debate in the House was going on. Taking part in the discussion, Bah Teinwell Dkhar, MDC Shella said that if it had not been for the information sent by the MDCs, the Rangbah Shnongs would have been misled by the MDCs. The Rangbah Shnongs will not dare to announce that the Bill has been passed which has pleased the people who came to the Dorbar. Tein is understood to have alleged that it was the PDF MDCs who sent information to the Rangbah Shnongs. All 30 MDCs have passed the Bill.
Imagine, if only one village in Meghalaya could enter, how much it would bring blessings to the country and a small nation like ours.
Babysunday Marngar scored three goals in the 25th, 31st, 42nd, 46th and 49th minutes while Wadajied scored the other four goals. Kynsai Ryngkhlem in the 4th minute, Pynche Tyngkan in the 16th minute, Atlanson Kharmaw in the 70th minute, Ioanis Suchen in the 77th minute and Hardy Cliff Nongbri in the 90th minute.
“The fish has oil in its body, it cleanses your skin,” said the 68-year-old minister.
The Meghalaya Lokayuka Bill was passed by the Governor on 26th October, 2014 but has not come into force till date.
Police also urged that there should be mutual understanding and gathering from the exporters of India and Bangladesh so that there will be no confusion on both sides.
In collaboration with the Government of Assam, we have now established an air freight market to bring and improve the income of the residents of the area”.
However, it has been seen that the present times have changed completely, especially in terms of income and livelihood, of those who want to gain the power of the rule of law.
Speaking at both the tournaments, the Chief Guest and the Symbud Kongsans said that the Seng urges all the departments to organize such tournaments as part of the encouragement to the youngsters and also to encourage them to showcase their talents and especially to encourage them to develop their minds and to avoid being distracted by These are bad things and will be a threat to the village, the society and especially to the country and the nation as a whole.
The BJP-led National Democratic Alliance (BJP) government has been in power in India for five years.
Shillong, Lber 31: The KSU South Central and FKJGP Riwar today suspended the plan of the Basan of Raid Mawlieh of Khyrim Hima to sell up to 100 acres of land to the BSF in Laitkynsew village nearby. you Lightweight.
Also present on the occasion were the Chief Secretary Sniawbhalang Dhar, Deputy Speaker of Assam Numal Momin, MLAs from Karbi Anglong, CEM of KHADC, Pynïaid Sing Syiem and others are the heads of the haiñ.
I don't see anything wrong in extending the term of the GHADC if it is for the benefit of the people of the state,” he said.
At present, Nongtalang College is one of the colleges in the rural areas. At present, it has two buses to make it easier for the students to reach the colleges. from Dawki and others.
On the other hand, the people of Raij Nongjngi have expressed their regret over the failure of the election of the Dolloi of the Elaka, only because of Wilas Pale alone which has affected the rule of law of the people and especially the religion of the people. Hand.
One person was injured in a bomb blast on Sunday.
She received recognition from the All India Karate Federation (AIKF) in
Klestern Roy Nongrum (18) and Donald J Nongkhlaw (70) scored the goals.
However, even after scoring two goals, Clermont did not lose heart and fought hard, with Johan Gastien scoring the first goal, Mehdi Zeffane scoring and Grejohn scoring. Kyei scored the winning goal.
Pa'iem Ricky said that he has received the support of 28 out of 41 chiefs of Mylliem Hima but the District Council has not taken into account this. “But we have to think together with the elders why this happened, without clarification, what I did wrong, I feel like I did well, we will see what we will do next,” he said.
They were arrested for their involvement in extortion.
The Vice President of India, M. Venkiah Naidu was the chief guest at the International Day of Persons with Disabilities organized by the DEPWD today.
They said that this has created problems for the meat vendors because the sale is no longer as it used to be in the past.
According to Bah Keith, the main reason why they left the BJP, which they joined in 2015, is because the way of working and the way of running the party does not meet expectations. .
In the Men's Singles, S Sawkmie won and Kharkongor won.
The purpose of this tournament is to bring together all the departments and agencies involved in this field, including Government Ministers, State Government, literary experts, groups leading the factories, educational institutions, legislators, corporations, and beneficiaries, to discuss and exchange ideas on skills and how to develop entrepreneurship in the region East -in -West.
Shillong, Lber 25: U Vice President of the North Eastern Hill University Students Union (NEHUSU) Estherson Sohtun on Tuesday was stabbed and shot dead by non-residents who were celebrating Holi nearby. The school is located on the ground floor of NEHU, Shillong.
The arrear revised pay of the Members, Employees and Pensioners of the Council which could not be released this year has been carried forward to the 2023-24 budget.
More than 130 kilos of plastic items were seized.
Speaking to the management of Ïatyllilang Shipara L.P.Skul, they expressed their concern over the government's failure to provide assistance to the school.
“This is the challenge ahead of us,” he said while leading the meeting.
Therefore, the NTC officials urged the people to support and cooperate, because if the 132kv Power Station is successful, it will benefit not only the villages of Nongpoh area, but also those who many many villages.
There are 4 health workers in Ri Bhoi District.
It is learned that these soldiers were infected with the virus after withdrawing money from an ATM machine on the same day.
The government has also set up a team of experts to look into whether the Assam Legislative Assembly has the authority to pass legislation on this issue.
No one was injured in the incident.
The SP said that the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Donevan won the MDC election in 2014 by defeating Titostarwell Chyne, who is the incumbent MDC and CEM of KHADC. Titus.
Shillong: About 55 Dkhars including men and women have filled up forms to register as voters at Pyrdiwah village in Pynursla constituency, on the border with Bangladesh.
She said that when she asked for money, Chandury used to show force and behave badly, by forbidding Rani to enter the shop.
Bety Jyrwa advised and encouraged the members of the party.
If I stand in a long line, I don't pay the tax.
The Minister said the bloodshed between the two ethnic groups started in Manipur on 29th June.
On the other hand, the Seng first explained the position of the Seng for the public awareness of the importance of the subject Physical Education in schools and colleges.
There were those who loved her, some of them were crying, some were laughing and some were laughing at her body, which was lying in a box.
“At present, it is reported that many residents in different villages have come to apply for syrnod from the Rangbah Shnong such as residence permit, to open a bank, to apply for electricity from MeCEL,” said SKRS president Dr. Werlok Kharshiing on Saturday after opening a meeting at the Community Hall in Jaiaw Lumpyllon.
Nongpoh: A coal truck coming from Guwahati, with the intention of unloading coal to Lumshnong, Jaintia Hills, has overturned on the NH-6 He is from Jyntru village in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking at the briefing, the MLA said that politics should shape the future of the youth and the state should not shape itself or turn it into a business.
The number of cases in Maharashtra has risen to 20,000 with 1,165 new cases and 48 deaths in the past 24 hours.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the SBI will be temporarily closed after one of the employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) in Patharkhmah tested positive for COVID-1 Bank, which will start from the 4th to the 11th of this month.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of Mining and Geology, Bah Donkupar Sumer, on Tuesday said that there has been no misuse of the funds allocated for the construction of the Mining and Geology Department. “There is no reason to worry about the implementation of this road.
There is also a provision under Section 7 of the Aadhar Act, to benefit from various schemes, other procedures must be followed to identify them, in order to benefit from such schemes.
According to police, the drugs weighed 1.2 kilos and were estimated to be worth Rs 7 crore. The drugs were smuggled from Manipur and Manipur. I was sent to Guwahati.
He also explained that the Revolution, which has been called the Defense of the Country, will fight to recognize and empower the Rangbah Shnongs or Dorbar Shnongs by the law or the Constitution of the country.
This jhur sla jyrngam is rich in many kinds of nutrients.
Ardent said the state government has violated the provisions of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land Regulations Act by passing amendments. They have received land in the state while the owners of the land have not received land at all.
He said that the State has achieved 74.47% implementation of JJM by supplying water to 4.85 lakh households.
The root of superstition comes from the fear of evil spirits.
Let them say whatever they want, but we will do what is right.
However, Conrad said, “We are pleased to see that now the legal mining will start and we will get scientific mining and we will also get other income opportunities whether it is in agriculture or tourism and this is the way we will see to end these illegal activities”.
Sonowal said the BJP respects the minorities.
These days, there are robbers who are happy when they are arrested by the police, because when they are imprisoned, they have to provide for themselves from morning, morning, afternoon and evening.
Mebanshan Kharsati scored 41 runs from 49 balls and Kitlyngkor Nongkhlaw took two wickets for 23 runs in 4 overs for Thangsning SCC. Laitjem CC scored 128 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 20 overs and only Badap Pura Nongkhkaw scored 27 runs from 28 balls. Nangkham Khraw Pathaw took three wickets for 16 runs in 4 overs.
There are 26 recoveries today, of whom 17 are from East Khasi Hills, five from Ri Bhoi District, three from West Garo Hills and one from West Jaintia Hills.
Other speakers included former Seinraij Jowai Leader SK Lato, Hambiness Passah Vice President of Seinraij Jowai, while the meeting was conducted by Hercules Toi.
Ha ha ha ha, if you have a check that doesn't have money in your account, you can't go to Meghalaya.
In the Government of Meghalaya, we will try to ensure that at least 80 out of 100 jobs in office, trade, factory, etc. will belong to us indigenous people.
After the swearing-in ceremony, there was also a prayer for the MLAs by another pastor at the Secretariat.
THE FOLLOWING ARE SOME OF THE WAYS THAT CAN BE RELIEVED FROM THE SNIEHDOH.
According to a statement from NEPA, the shop, which is famous for its training of police officers under the supervision of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government, has trained police officers from all over the North East. eastern parts of the country and even from other parts of the country.
The Government is ready to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the State.
He said that attempts have been made to track down the robbers through the CCTV of the MCAB and the CCTV is not working due to the lack of electricity. load shedding by the government.
The drugs were packed in 24 soap boxes.
He praised and encouraged the teachers to work harder to improve the quality of education in the area.
Also present at the program were the Minister of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary, Bah AL Hek, the Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and others.
So far, there are five factories in the area and it is learned that they will come back to set up factories.
Many school buildings have been provided through MPLADS and even through central government schemes, besides providing financial assistance for projects from Delhi.
Jesus said – “This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth, and honoureth me with their lips; but their heart is far from me” Matthew 15:8
After this, she won the elections from the Congress in 2013 and 2018 and in 2023 she won from the NPP after the Congress MLAs defected to the NPP. Minister of the MDA-2 Government.
The MDA Government has appointed Dr. Premnath G Momin and Bimal Saikia as Deputy Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board. Jansing Tynsong has been re-elected as Vice Chairman of the Meghalaya Commission.
Perhaps there are police chiefs who are right in their work here and there and who don't allow illegal activities to go on, but we don't talk about that – we talk about it salonsar as criticized by the judges.
Rupang spoke to Dajied's brother-in-law, Bah Rijoy Singh Basaiawmoit, who said he was surprised why he has not been brought yet. The SP said he had spoken to the Bangladesh police and said they are doing what they need to do,” said Rijoy.
The Pastor wrote that he is pleased that Mukul Sangma himself has not yet been able to register for Aadhar and he hopes that the cooperation between the two and the Chief Minister of Assam will help. to exempt the North East from the Government of India's plan to promote Aadhar registration.
The Dorbar Shnong Ialong through the Waheh Shnong T Ram Phawa has expressed its gratitude and congratulations to the Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra for providing assistance to these families.
They said that their demand for the revocation of the certificate of the Waheh Shnong, who is self-employed, is because they want to hold another clean and transparent dorbar. approved by all the residents.
He started his career with Royal Wahingdoh (Youth Team) in 2016 and after 10 seasons he joined Shillong Lajong Youth Team. 2017–18).
To curb this, the rule has been amended by amending Section 9a, 22 of the Act to penalize those who fail to pay or delay within 15days.
The first in 1968 took the initiative to improve education by encouraging children to go to school.
The union together with the village of Amalnai who are in charge of the welfare of the dohum dohwah have appealed and warned the people of this area not to slaughter the fish in this river and have banned it. don't use medicine, don't use bombs or jars.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mathew Makdoh, Bah Mathew Makdoh, has been elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Pahamlapong, Nongpoh, on Saturday. .
In 2012, the pass percentage was 96 percent and in 2013, the pass percentage reached 97 percent.
When inquired from the leaders of the Union, they replied that they have handed over the task to their villages to do whatever is necessary and they don't have a count of how many lakhs or thousands of people have taken part in this. you're right.
“Therefore, we need a thorough investigation to reveal all the facts and to punish all those involved according to the law,” said the union.
Juventus arrived at the Allianz Stadium in Turin on time and got off with their players on the pitch, but Napoli's players did not leave their home ground in Naples.
The Bible History books tell us that Jesus was born in a stable in the small town of Bethlehem.
She passed away on the 1st August 2020 and the funeral service will be held on the 3rd August 2020 at 2:00 pm at the Presbyterian Church Jaiaw.
“I personally feel that there should be rules and regulations and allow the mining of coal to continue but as I said, the scientific mining method is also very important,” said Bindo.
It was also recalled that Prof. HW Sten is the Founding President of the Latympang Welfare Organization (LWO) to look after the welfare of the Barato-Shiliang Myntang District.
He woke up and said, 'I will go out as before.
I was asked by another pastor who was old enough.
Regarding the Regional Committee from Jaintia Hills headed by Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs, which has not yet submitted its report to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma. “Because of the festive season, the Committee has not yet submitted its report, but soon they will submit their report, but even the Committee has not yet submitted its report. but we have already discussed this part where they have explained what is in their report.
The Annual Report from DN Suchiang General Secretary, AJMW&LU (CEC), the income and expenditure of the organization and others were also presented on the occasion.
However, this is not the end.
Judai said that according to her daughter, the father started behaving improperly in 2010 but it was in 2011 that he raped her when she was 10 years old. 3 months.
Other sources said that the state police have arrested a man on the same night after the incident when an ambulance of the Seng Samla Malki was thrown at 3 mer Petrol Pump. The robbers threw stones at the vehicle during the night curfew of the Sengbhalang.
Bullets and bombs are not the solution.
On the 9th in some places, on the 10th ATMs will not work.
According to the plan of the State Government in previous years, the Directorate of Prosecution will take responsibility for the conduct of all cases in the State Courts and will also have the right to hear witnesses in all cases before being brought before the Courts-which means that this Department will hear the evidence collected by the Police and the rules of law that lawyers will advocate in the Courts to ensure that the refugees get the judgment is righteous.
“By giving the authority to the illegal immigrants, it will cause more harm,” said Bah Chyne.
Whether those infrastructures benefit the people will be the ultimate measure of economic development.
Shillong, March 09 : U Minister of State for Home Affairs Rakkam A Sangma today announced that he will soon hold a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) and Deputies. Commissioner (DC) of Garo Hills to discuss measures to improve roads in the area.
He said that if an MP is sent from the BJP from Shillong, he will get the post of Minister with adequate departments and many schemes to improve employment for the youth.
“At the hospital, we work with electricity and if there is no electricity, all the work is suspended,” he added.
“The Ummulong Outpost Police have worked hard to resolve the traffic jam and as of now the vehicles have been able to move smoothly and the traffic jam is no longer there,” said the SP.
The CEM said this where many of the land belonging to the villages and raids, Himas, have been taken by force by the village headmen, Syiems for their own benefit.
The proposal was submitted to the Prime Minister after the formation of the MDA government in
TASA informs all sports clubs from Wahlyngklen, Lyngdong, Tyrsad, Sawsymper, Laitmawsiang and Nongspung areas under TASA to select new players and send them to the training centre. They will also inform their villages to send their children to select for the Grassroots Level which will be held on the 25th July, 2022 from 8 pm at Sohjhursaw Tyrsad, East. Khasi Hills District.
He also requested the State Government to set up its own rehab center bearing in mind that the treatment of drug addicts is very expensive and is a problem for many mothers. Good.
Sunday School is a struggle against the problems caused by these changes, it should give peace and hope to the people.
On the other hand, Bah Pynshai Synjri, Sordar of Nongjrong, said that many of the youths from the village have completed their studies and have not been employed at all. many of them themselves realize that it is a boon from tourism.
Therefore, the residents have requested the government to expedite the construction of this road.
U Bah Synshar said this while speaking at an election campaign rally held at Mawlaiteng, Diengiei Area on 29th June,
The Prime Minister wants to teach Hindi to the whole country.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) on Tuesday expressed its support to the Twipra Students' Federation (TSF) in its protest against the government's plan to open a museum in Twipra. Ujjayanta Palace by the Vice President of the country on the 25th of this month, not only by naming it as a State Museum but also by changing the name of the Ujjayanta Palace.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Transport, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the department will take the necessary action after receiving a copy of the Act on the rules and regulations laid down by the Central Government to implement the laws. The Motor Vehicles (Amendment) Act
There is no point in widening the road, because the gravitated junctions of Motphran and Khyndai Lad are smaller than the roads.
He lives in a house in Bansamgre village on the old Tura-Williamnagar road.
Man can plan what will happen in his own mind, but God changes it.
The KSU also questioned whether Meghalaya is only trying to win the title by bringing in foreign players or whether it is trying to develop the children of the state so that they can improve in various sports.
The reason is that the families have become too poor, the churches have become too poor to think anymore, the village authorities have become too poor to work hard when there are conflicts among the youth.
BB Lyngdoh and Hopingstone Lyngdoh don't even have their own house, even though they have been MLAs, Ministers and Chief Ministers.
The suspects were identified as Tribor Nongbri, Serir Kharshiing, Mercy Linda Lyngshiang, Smek Marboh, Dolarius, Karding Nongbri, Phelik Syiemiong, Kobrin Jyrwa and Cristable. They are from Mawkduk.
The program began with the laying of wreaths at the statues of the three freedom fighters by the Chief Guest, Minister of Lariti, Bah Paul Lyngdoh in the presence of the Chief Guest, Dy. CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem, Commissioner & Secretary of Lariti Department, Bah FR Kharkongor, IAS, and others.
The conflict between the Khasi and Garo is only through the Lyngam area where there is a clean marriage.
The materials, which will be more expensive, are as follows –.
We have that social welfare department and people who have trained themselves to work in the service of the welfare of the community.
In the past, those who had a landline in their homes were the educated and wealthy.
The cooperation of the people in this regard will bring benefits to the village and the district as a whole.
Paul, who is also the spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, said this in reply to a question from reporters on Thursday, on the grounds that Meghalaya stands for the independence of Assam through the Prime Minister. Himanta Biswa Sarma said that Mukroh falls within the border of Assam.
At the moment, India plans to field as many as 13 players.
Speaking on this incident and to end the clashes between the KSU, as demanded by the KSU, the District Administration and Police have finally sent up to 6 trucks of foreign workers to Assam for burial. This incident to achieve peace and avoid disturbing the peace and order of the people.
The heads of the World Bank are Thierry Martin, Keith Newman, Riddhiman Saha and Bah W. Kharkrang who heads the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board.
The BJP party does not want to nominate MP candidates from Meghalaya for all the two seats but will support the NPP candidates here, as they are from the same NDA family. Meghalaya is a strong Christian state.
Conrad said that there is still a need to improve the development of Tura and reminded that in the last five years many residents of Tura have been facing problems due to lack of drinking water but this government has been able to help them. they.
Nongstoiñ: The Hima Nongstoin Coal Traders Association (HNCLO&PA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to seek clarification and advice on the issue of coal mining. coal mining before preparing the coal mining method after the order of the Supreme Court of India.
The union will take another hundred hours of work if the contractor does not come to improve the Nongjri road.
When he arrived in Shillong, he called the policeman and the policeman was afraid when he was called by the former President; but when he came near, he thanked him, because he had done the work.
Prestone said the boundary of the Sub-Division will start from Umtyngar Bridge which includes Laitlyngkot Elaka, Raid Nongkynrih to Dawki Bridge which will end at Umsyiem. Nongshken, Umniuh Tamar and Nongjri but 7 villages have been excluded.
On the day of the incident, when we went to a house where the shooting took place, with the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, when we reached a house, we found that there were no people left. resident, who said that they fled the house in fear.
He recalled that the attempt to overthrow the powers of Rangbah Shnong is not the first time, but it happened again in 2006, in an incident that happened in Umsohsun, where a woman Appeal to the Guwahati High Court, Shillong Bench in connection with the sale and purchase of land.
Shillong: The KSU NEHU-Unit together with the KSU Educational Cell, today held a protest against the management of NEHU to admit students only by comparing the Merit List.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today confirmed Bah Bashemphang Thabah as the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Lyngdoh after being suspended for six months.
The event was also enriched by traditional musical instruments prepared by the youth of Nongthymmai and dances by the Longkmie who expressed their happiness to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the village.
TNK Singh spoke on the need for district councils to preserve the traditional customs and traditions, and said that the court in Amlarem will expedite the hearing so that the people can benefit.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Pynshai Mawrie, said that the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Pynshai Mawrie, said that the government has decided to increase the number of foreigners working in the village without receiving the No Objection Certificate (NOC). There are also those who open shops in the name of Khasi but the owner is a foreigner.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Bah Fidalis Lynshiang, Secretary Mawlasnai Village, Mawlasnai Village Executive and others.
This is the speech of God, the speech of knowledge of man, is the speech of the Ingkhong shalangmat in which they forget that God has placed each nation in its own land.
The tournament is also expected to generate up to A$8.1 billion in revenue and multilateral benefits to Queensland, and more than A$17.6 billion to Australia. .
Speaking in front of Krem Pubon in Mawsmai, one of the elders said, “The Khasi children are the most active” and said, “Here, you can see the behavior of the people. , the Khasi, the Dkhars and what is the true picture of the tourists"
Shillong: Many people think that the villages near the Mawphlang Dam, which supplies water to Shillong, are flooded, but it is not so.
Speaking to reporters, the Spokesperson of FASTOM, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, invited all the teachers and ex-students to attend the rally. God is not alone, so that this purpose may succeed.
However, Mary Kom did not accept this statement of her parents and went on her own way until her parents were shocked to see that she had turned into a from the top scientists in the world.
Replying to the VPP's demand to review the Reservation Policy according to the population, Bah AF Dkhar said, “That is their view but we have our own. “We have seen many shortcomings in the current Reservation Policy and therefore we want to look into that first and secondly we will mention other issues related to the Reservation Policy,” he said. .
Speaking to reporters, Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that the Congress has not yet received any proposal from the Chief Minister and NPP President Conrad K Sangma to hold the meeting. I'm not in the government.
Therefore you should take care to get good and clear skin.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh President HYC Mawlai Circle as the Chief Guest and Bah Isaac W Basaiawmoit Assistant General Secretary as the Chief Guest in the presence of the office bearers of Nongkohlew Village and the office bearers of HYC Mawlai Circle.
So you see in that line, the Congress is more committed to empowering women than any other party,” said Bah Pala.
He said that he has seen the desire of the youth these days to improve in football and there are many children these days who have gone to Baichung Bhutia Academy and other academies. They are children from Mawlai.
Friends, please note that you do not mean “Ex.Pastor” or “Ex.Rev.” which means “Experienced pastor.
In the match between Sabahmuswang and 7 Wasa, Sabahmuswang drew 0-0 without scoring a goal.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr W. Baom, Sub Divisional Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, said, “We have distributed these IFA-Blue medicines to schools to distribute to the children. used for increasing blood volume in the body to prevent children from anemia.
To get legislators, we must elect those who know the law well.
“Through accurate information that the money was to be taken from Bengaluru to Shimoga and Bhadravati, when a vehicle was searched, 2,000 notes were found in the vehicle,” he said. the news of the Taxation Department.
The Sohra MLA said that the state government should fight against the NGT's ban on coal mining.
At the meeting of the HSPDP, Witting said that the party has decided not to support the UDP to hold the post of CEM. something shalyndet, and you have no reason.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun was the chief guest in the presence of Jirang MDC Victor Rani, Parish President Byrnihat. Priest of Byrnihat Parish, Fr.Anil Joseph, Sister Mooli, Headmistress of Savio Secondary School and school children and residents of Baridua.
From time to time, the questions of MBoSE have been stolen and this time too the questions of Class IX students have been stolen again at the market price of 300 tyngka to 2000 tyngka.
Their land is full of swarms of flies in the chambers of their kings.
He just fell asleep and when he heard that Rida's mother had woken up, he too woke up.
However, the authorities to control and eradicate drugs lie with the government authorities and the union is confident that this time the police department will be able to eradicate drugs through cooperation. Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
He denied the allegation that the NPP is Team B of the BJP and said that they are merely fabricated ideas and said that the NPP has its own principles, policies and procedures. constitution of the party.
Jai Maa Coal Pvt Ltd is run by Balwant Soni while his son Youdhistra Soni is the Director and his wife is the Chartered Accountant.
Before the flag raising ceremony, the HYC members gathered at Stand Jaiaw and after that they left the venue and started the flag raising ceremony from the house of the Minister in charge of the government. Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Mawkhar.
It is reported that in one of the shops, there were people who didn't know where they came from and who they were.
Although thousands of people have gathered on the day of the visit of the Chief Minister to provide assistance to the VOs and SHGs, heavy rain has fallen on the day to disrupt the programme. prepare in the right way.
Nongpoh, Nailur 15: Following the protests from many quarters against the government's plan to build a casino in Ri-Bhoi District, the voice of protest has increased after four political parties today came forward. Speaking to reporters, these four organizations have strongly criticized the state government under the leadership of Conrad Sangma. The government has announced that it has been suspended due to the opposition of many people, religious groups, civil society and village leaders. In reply, James Sangma, Minister of State for Law, said that the government has already issued three temporary licenses for the construction of the casino in Ri-Bhoi.
Speaking on the preparations to start the Shillong Medical College, he said, “We need to have our own Medical College and the state needs about 300 to 400 students to study medicine.
The JJM has brought about a positive change in the lives of the people of Meghalaya.
After the incident, the family members of the victim immediately informed the Nongstoin Police Station, and the police immediately rushed to the scene and the cause of the incident has not yet been determined. Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem.
The union also demands that the Central Government should appoint the villagers especially as it is a job in the villages and urges the state government to take action on this issue as this will also be one of the issues. employment opportunities for the youth of the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, Senior Leader of the party, expressed his happiness that the youth of Ri Bhoi have come to join the party because the goal of the party is to provide service for the welfare of our brothers and sisters.
In another incident, on the 25th of this month, Sibu Swargiary was arrested and charged under U/S 177/185 Motor Vehicles Act, 1988 by the Lumdiengjri Traffic Branch.
Employment opportunities are also one of the areas he is keen to promote for the benefit of the youth.
At the same time, the report also said that some prominent Heh Spah/Nongkhaïi have close ties with the GNLA and have donated money to revive the group.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banteidor said that the problem has arisen because there is a case in the court against the students. government earlier.
He said that the establishment of this school has not only helped to distribute education to the children of the village, but has also been able to provide employment to the educated youth.
In a statement, the Secretary of the Lympung, Prof Don Kupar War, said that the Lympung strongly opposes the Municipal Holding Tax which aims to collect revenue from the villagers through the Property Tax which is against them. citizenship as citizens of the country.
The implementation of the scheme has been announced.
“For years, the political system in Meghalaya has been dominated by the Congress and in the past decades, compared to Meghalaya and other states in the Northeast, and throughout the country, it can be seen that there is very little growth”.
The residents said that this started in 1992-1993 and continues until now, which has caused a lot of trouble in the village and has affected even the morale of other kurs.
Loompyrdi Iongpiah has collaborated with the Young Minds Collective, while Chilliangraij which started the training on Saturday last month to raise awareness among the people on the need to separate garbage. Franky Laloo, Environment Engineer from MSPCB and Dr. HH Mohrmen from SURE were the experts to explain to the public how to separate garbage from home or garbage. segregation of waste at sources.
At the meeting, Bah Shylla said that he wants the CoHSO to invite the KSU to unite. From his speech, Bah Shylla said that if the CoHSO nominates a candidate, Bah Shylla will be the KSU. you are my candidate.
The Ri Bhoi Police, today, held a special program at 20Mer Pahammawlein Village, to explain to the public about the fight against drugs and also for the purpose of raising awareness on the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses (POCSO) Act.
So far, 282 people have been infected with the disease, of which four people have died.
After the preparation, I will go to the meeting to answer them,” she said.
In Jaintia Hills district, there are 96 illegal timber factories while in Khasi Hills, there are 35 permitted factories and 109 illegal factories.
Regarding this incident, the bank has lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station, so that the police can take the necessary action and especially in the search for the robbers.
On this basis, the Supreme Court has also upheld the case.
Therefore, working with the people for the sake of bringing about welfare and development in the communities through health is essential.
Shillong: The KSU San Shnong Unit has found through RTI that the office of the Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Officer, Mawkyrwat has misused more than T.22 lakh of public money. through the Umit-Umsohphlang Water Shed Project for the year 2014 to
He was found there strangled from the neck with a cloth.
“The UDP, NPP, PDF, HSPDP and BJP have failed to fulfill their duties for the people and have ended up laying the foundation stone so the people should not trust these leaders of the MDA government. The Congress candidate from Mowkaiaw has admitted that up to Rs 5-8 crore has been thrown at him to stop contesting the MLA election from Mowkaiaw Constituency.
He also laid the foundation stone of the District Seed Multiplication Farm of Agriculture Napakgre and the foundation stone of the Community Multi-Facility Center under the Special Plan Assistance - Border Areas Development Programme.
Nongpyndeng SSCC FC had a strong fight and scored the first goal through Hopefulnes Wanniang in the 45th minute. The team is one of the top teams in the points table until the end of the league round this season.
When he had finished, Bah Shanbor said, “The money is enough.” He immediately put it in his friend's pocket. he replied“Thank you for delivering this money.
Praising these women's groups to set up Self Help Groups, Bah Dohling urged them to share the information so that the villages in Mylliem Block can develop.
However, at the same time, he also criticized other parties like the HSPDP, saying that this party cannot win much because its border will be only in Khasi and Jaintia.
In the complaint, the JAC said that as the Hima Jirang is a Ri Raij, all those who were born, born and live within the Hima are the owners of the Hima.
The incident happened in Malki, Pdengshnong and Kharmalki.
This program is part of the preparations for the National Science Seminar to be held on 12th March, 2023 in Delhi in collaboration with the States or Union Territories. “Millets – A Super Food or a Diet Fad”, at the Hall of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, we urge the state government not to take action to bring peace and order to the people of the area because of such an incident which happened recently on the Dawki-Jowai road. .
Therefore, we on behalf of the Sengkhihlang Seng Kmie invite and invite all the children of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum from the country, 30 Syiems and 12 Daloi from different branches of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij to attend this Lympung. The son of Samla and came back with the traditional costumes.
“However, as everyone knows, the ILP has already been passed by the Legislative Assembly, but during the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister, he was the one who opposed the ILP and it was only within the MDA Government. The MDA government has passed a resolution on the ILP and this is because the MDA government is with the people to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
“We have purchased this land at Mawtawar for the purpose of providing football training to the children who have special sports talents besides education,” said the Principal, Kong A.Syiemlieh. It's God's Day.
The union said that if the company fails to comply with this demand, the union will stand against it and will not be responsible if anything happens. They immediately dismissed these two workers.
However, this method of rising is more common than the surface of the sea in the tropics near the equator, because it is not heated by the heat of the sun.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, who is also the Chairman of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), on Tuesday said that the appointment of ministers in the National People's Party (NPP) is in the hands of the President of the party. “We cannot say anything about that because it is up to the State President of the NPP party to take a decision,” he said.
In the second match at 11:30 pm, Laitumkhrah SC beat Mawphlang SC 4-0
Shillong, Naitung 17: Lawei Smit SC beat Umpling SC 2-0 in the Shillong Women's League 2023 by beating Umpling SC 2-0 Group A in the Third Ground, Polo, on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 16 : Once again, the state especially East Khasi Hills District has witnessed a sudden increase in the number of new cases of COVID-19, after many months of rest.
“The Government has only talked in the media to increase the salary, until we have received a letter from the State Government we will not stop the protests because we don't trust this Government.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed in the amount of 35 kg per AAY FI Card free of charge in urban and rural areas.
In the marriage, many women have forgotten the brave deeds of Phan Nonglait, where many foreigners have been able to earn here through the marriage and it is easier to find women in these. the days when they will come out to be the defenders of their country or to stand against the country and the nation.
A day after the resumption of the strike against the lack of salary, the employees of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) under the banner of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have called off their strike after the government promised to take action to release the remaining share of the council's revenue by the end of November.
Shillong, July 29: U Bah Pyndapborthiaw Saiborn, President of KHNAM, has decided to contest this election as the party's MDC from Shella Constituency.
This has prompted the mother of the young woman to take a loan to give to this man so that they can get a job.
However, once again I would like to say that this song Ri Khasi Ri Khasi is a song that has stirred up and stirred up the Hynniewtrep people because the author has strongly criticized that the Thawlang Ïawbei of the kurs in our people have thanks to the devil's works and that by the coming of the kharlieh kharïong it brings peace and happiness.
It will be a memorable event in the history of the residents of Gittim Reserve Village in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, March 8: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Arun Kumar Kembhavi today announced that the people of West Jaintia Hills District can send any complaint to him only through Whatsapp. “People who wish to complain can Whatsapp this number either in the form of a message or voice ( Audio) and video,” said the DC of WJH.
Shillong, Lber 09: U Congress MLA from Mylliem, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that it is regrettable that the rightful owners of land have not received the money for the demolition of their houses and land. The Ri-Bhoi District Administration has paid land to the wrong persons.
He said that in this report, the HLC has a plan to evict the Harijans and people living in the sweeper's colony and an emergency meeting will be convened soon in this regard. this mat.
The Union Health Minister, Dr. Mansukh Mandaviya inaugurated and handed over for the use of the public the new National Institute of Pharmaceutical Education and Research in Guwahati. NIPER Hyderabad and NIPER Raebareli using modern media technologies.
The Governor of Meghalaya, who is on a two-day visit to Lower Subansiri district, said that the Central Government has taken special measures for the development of the North East. India, especially for the state of Arunachal Pradesh.
“Of course it is a long process, but we cannot refuse to follow the rules,” said a Gramsevak.
Lot Mondol, an employee of the Land Records Branch of GHADC, has been charged with issuing an illegal land title to Idris Ali. people in Asikandi village, West Garo Hills.
The success of the app can be seen through the 26 lakh downloads of the app since its launch on November 13,
Youngstar FC won T.20,000 and a trophy, while Nangkiew FC won T.10,000 and a trophy.
Thus, Good Friday is the day of the new covenant between us and God through Jesus Christ.
In the bowling, Meghalaya did well with Abhishek Kumar and Manish Sharma taking 10 wickets in the first innings.
The program also witnessed the exhibition of some of the most unprecedented equipment, which allowed the visitors to get their opinion especially on the Solar Mission launched by the Government of Meghalaya. .
The residents complained that many of them have not received the right to work for 100 days per year.
“In the past, it was not so strong, there was no struggle to look at the night, or to take it to the church.
This initiative of the department will help to open up these villages and will also help the residents.
“He said that the state has been in existence for 51 years, but it is impossible to know whether it is above or below, that is why we need to understand, ask and think about what the nation needs. .
“We will meet the Executive Committee tomorrow morning, and I will propose an Internal Inquiry on this matter,” said the CEM.
About 16 teams from the nongtraw area came to participate.
Nongstoiñ: The Union of Thousand Sons of Nobosohphoh Hima, South West Khasi Hills, has protested against the violence of the Syiem of Nobosohphoh Hima, Paiem Kawangbor Syiemiong, in relation to the Hima administration. District yesterday they held a public meeting at Rangblang Market.
I don't have a face.
Such leaders are called Masters of Ceremonies, in Khasi they are called DAMDAR. Let us now come back to the Arts.
“Our visit is also an appeal to the political parties especially those who have been pushing for this issue,” he said.
Michael Dkhar, who was arrested by the police yesterday for the rape of a 3-year-old and 5-month-old child, has confessed to the police that he is a who was involved in the rape of an 11-year-old girl and then killed her.
For the rich tourists, they don't want to come for the poor, they come to enjoy the best places and invest money immediately together to look for opportunities to do business by making agreements. ban earn immediately.
Nongstoiñ, March 26: The District Magistrate of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, today announced the implementation of Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the illegal mining and transportation of coal in the whole West Khasi Hills District. Khasi Hills District.
Nongpoh, July 25: U Banrilang Kylla, 14 years old, from Umsning Patarim, son of Kong Slim Rida Kylla, has escaped from Umsning Patarim. I have been home for 5 or 6 days.
Therefore, the Seng is against the actions of the Seng members against this factory, without following the rules and regulations.
“The allegation that there are illegal immigrants is wrong because the government has accepted the survey conducted since 2008, in which the government will not recognize the newcomers,” he said. he said.
Delhi District Magistrate's Private Secretary Rahul Singh has tested positive for the coronavirus and has been forced to stay in isolation.
When the PAC members and Congress MLAs, including Ampareen Lyngdoh, HM Shangpliang, Mayrald Born Syiem, Miani D. Shira and RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, said, They went to inspect the Fish Market and found that it has not been operational yet and there is not a single Dohkha in the market.
He said that the Urban Affairs Department has taken great care to look after the needs of the people in the urban areas and as of now the Urban Affairs Department has also created the mechanisms to bring in crematoriums. (crematorium) to reduce pollution and environmental damage and at the same time the Urban Affairs Department will also take action to monitor Solid Waste Management in all districts of the state.
He said that the Shnong yesterday came out to repair these houses and donated Tin lai to along with the money.
In addition, it will greatly facilitate the transportation of coal, ore, lymbong timber, therefore it will increase the income of the people of Meghalaya and Assa.
There is no peace and the ruling J&K governments have failed to curb the lawlessness and riots.
“We urge all the toll gates in Meghalaya for non-tribals, please don't use force against our fellow citizens.
The College currently has 97 teachers in 15 subjects and more than 4000 students.
On this occasion, the Association together with the KSU Nongthymmai Circle and KSU Laban Circle welcomed these four youths who have brought fame and glory to their families, the State and to the whole of India.
Dalmia Bharat Cement Ltd, Thangskai East Jaintia Hills today distributed food items including rice, sugar, jhur, soap, hand sanitizers, food oil and milk to Sonapyrdi village, Narpuh district. , piat, phan and other household items to 35 poor households in Sonapyrdi.
This road is also planned by the Assam government to connect Khanduli.
Lisa died at her home in Calabasas, California.
The winner of the tournament will receive a cash prize of T.5 lakh, the runner-up T.3 lakh, the semi finalists will receive T.1 lakh, while the 25 teams will receive T.3 lakh. to the MSL, T.1 lakh and T.1 lakh to the sports associations that can hold full tournaments.
Sunak, 43, said he had expressed his desire to serve the British people again in the coming years to improve and revive jobs. of the whole of Britain as usual in previous years.
Through this complaint, Bah Erwin requested the police department to take action and register a case against those involved in spreading the documentary on social media and to arrest the owners and The anchors of this documentary and the documentary “The Shillong File: Core Issues Ep.97” should be removed immediately to protect the citizens of Meghalaya. outside the state to avoid any attention and violence.
But when Jesus came looking for him he was welcomed into his home and received a true Bible that renewed his soul.
However, due to the rapid development of technology, the public who do not yet understand or know the rules and duties of proper journalists, began to follow.
Paul said the increase in the generation of electricity from the sub-stations at Umiam, Mendipathar, Rongkhon and Jowai has been included in this year's budget.
“I would like to request the government because earlier when we asked for the draft MoU to be brought into the House, it did not happen and many seats have been lost. as a House to discuss from the beginning before the government takes a final decision,” he added.
Vincent H. Pala, MP and President of the MPCC, PN Syiem, Working President of the MPCC, Charles Marngar, MDC were present. Mawhati and many senior Congress leaders in Ri Bhoi, where the reception of those who wanted to join the Congress, was held at Lumsohpieng Bhoirymbong.
“We would like to congratulate the people, friends, friends, Waheh Shnong, Fathers, Sisters, the village of Amlarem, the office bearers of the Catholic Children's Association Amlarem Parish, the doctors and nurses from the Nursing Home Amlarem, Civil Hospital Ialong, Dr Norman Tunnel. Hospital, Jowai, Woodland WK Hospital, police, nurses from Amlarem who immediately assisted in treating the members of the Namdong Catholic Children's Association who were involved in the accident,” said DS War.
The winner of the parade was Govt Boys Higher Secondary School, Jowai and Government Girls came third.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) has nominated Alvin Sawkmie, MDC Mawsynram, as its candidate for the post of Deputy Chairman of the Khasi District Council.
Shillong, Nailar 26: After three months of rule by the All Regional Party Alliance (ARPA), the coalition of HSPDP, UDP and KHNAM in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has started showing signs of corruption. The UDP has said that the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit has done his job without consulting the people.
Jyrwa recalled that in 2013, the government through the Prime Minister had assured the KSU that it would suspend the registration of Aadhar numbers for the residents until the rules were implemented. foreigners entering and leaving this state.
The authorities have imposed a curfew from 5 pm to 8 pm in Imphal West District since Tuesday after the incident.
His birthday celebration for the Teachers was held every year.
“Many of the people feel that the government hospitals are inadequate, but we will try our best to correct the view of the people that the treatment in government hospitals is inadequate. be incomplete and we will work until this is arranged"
Nongpoh: As a sign of condolence and protest, to condemn the passing away of Samla (L) Walinda Binong, a young woman from Nongagang village, who passed away on 27th June in The Nongagang Village Council today held a Mombati ceremony at the Nongpoh Town Market.
Following the public notice published in the newspapers in all the states and Union territories, 21,558 responses were received from the people of the country.
Many of them remained in the dark, because only a few areas were revealed and not much of the villages were revealed.
Others who attended the function included Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, John Abraham and others.
On the other hand, the police chiefs expressed their appreciation for the peacekeeping efforts and commended the church groups who have taken the initiative to bring peace.
Speaking at the meeting, M.Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Meghalaya and NPP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Seat, said that There are no votes from the INC, 12,000 votes from Mawkyrwat Constituency and this was also signed by the soskular with a demonstration by the supporters.
Shillong, July 29: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Tuesday called for a meeting with the leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM). The Minister has not been able to give any promise.
In support of the protest by the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who has been on hunger strike indefinitely to demand that the government should revise the reservation policy, the youth The Rambrai District Council today held a signature campaign at Rambrai Market.
Shillong, March 23: The Umkiang Youth Association (UMYA) has expressed its deep sorrow over the illegal construction of the NH-44 road by the NHAI through the GRIL in Umkiang area.
he also inaugurated a pedestrian bridge in Jashiar village constructed by the village authorities of the three villages.
Dr. B. Sohkhlet, Consultant Psychiatrist, East Khasi Hills, gave a detailed explanation on the World Suicide Prevention Day.
Although the VPP, which is still a new party, has won four MLAs, it has expressed its main wish to have a government led by the ethnic parties in the state.
After arriving at the hospital, she was tested positive for COVID-1
Therefore, the Seng urges the office of the CEM of JHADC through the Trade Department to conduct a crackdown against these foreigners who come to steal the food of the indigenous people through illegal trade and employment activities within the district.
The placement of a poster in the park with a picture of a woman showing her own flesh, until it is no longer possible to look.
However, as the days and times go by, especially in this age, many people have considered Dew-Thala as a sacred job and the Shongkha job in these days has become exactly like the job of Khun Jakai because it has become sting too much and it is for this reason that the Nongwei-Nongar will be able to take advantage of the weakness of the Jaidbynriew on this part which is the shlem of the Jaidbynriew.
Other speakers on the occasion were the EM in charge of Elaka Affairs of KHADC, Bah Jambor War, the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Syiem, the Chief of Khyriem, Habapan Sing Syiem; Ernest Mawri President of the BJP Meghalaya State Unit, MDC of Mariang Batskhem Ryntathiang, KS Rani, Vice President of the HNYF, KSU, FKJGP, Kur Syiemlieh and others.
The MPUF has also written to the EM of the District Council to conduct an inspection and arrest the foreigners who trade illegally without trading license in Ladrymbai.
The President of the party said that the party is now focusing only on the SRWP but is preparing to introduce other MLA schemes which have not reached the people. Not only Prof. Laloo but all the schemes of the MLAs of Lum Jaintia Hills will be suspended.
He said the committee should complete the work within the stipulated time as it has requested an extension for six months.
Father Henry Warbah Parish Priest of Mookyndeng Parish and the Sister Superior of the Carmelite Missionary Society also gave blessings to Sister Ardaka Tariang.
This word refers to a number.
Two candidates from Barato Mukroh have filed their nomination papers including Aiborlang Shadap from Congress and Ri-ioo Sten from NPP.
Shakti Bhargava is known to be a strong opponent of Narendra Modi and posts anti-Narendra Modi articles on his Facebook page.
The same words that God spoke to the Israelites are spoken today – “If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land" 2 Chronicles 7:1
The attempt to steal the money happened on the morning of 31st July at 3:10 pm when a man with tar items came to rob the money. ATM of State Bank Of India, Umsning Branch.
After receiving information about the incident, the union protested and demanded that Lucky should pay the bailutksan to send Iaishah for treatment.
“I will do good to the people as much as I can in my little strength and I haven't promised anything yet,” he said. “It's not for the people because the people themselves are smarter than the candidates,” he said.
Throughout the day, the HYC leaders in Ri Bhoi, led by Bah Hercules Suting, President, Bah Tony Shylla, General Secretary and others, also met with the village leaders. They also met with the Principal of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, which is also the school where the students of the school, have been affected by the smoke from the factory.
AMLAREM: Up to 336 cows have been seized in Muktapur area in 14 days.
He said that the decision will be taken by the central government whether to authorize the state government to invite the HNLC for talks.
“We will not turn back but forward while we have time to serve our country and our beloved nation,” said Bah Shylla.
Therefore, if the employment quota is changed according to the population, it will help Khasi youth to get jobs.
After the announcement by the Minister of Market of Mylliem Hima that no one will be allowed to enter the Motphran Bridge, even to walk along the road, it was also announced that no one will be allowed to enter the Motphran Bridge. The Jaiaw Taxi stand has been temporarily moved to the top of the Jaiaw Taxi Stand.
Alison, who is also the Asst.Coach of NorthEast United FC, will also take over the coaching staff of the club.
He said that 14 traders and coal workers have been abducted with extortion, there have been attacks on petrol pumps, MPRO station, and others besides the distribution of extortion letters. to the wealthy but also to the religious leaders.
The contradiction between the State Reservation Policy and the Roster System currently in force needs to be resolved.
According to the doctor, there is a shortage of staff.
Speaking on the occasion, the Second Chief Minister expressed his pleasure to be present at the opening ceremony of the Golden Jubilee of the College.
Everyone should follow these safety measures (operators and the public).
Speaking to the audience, Banwarila Purohit expressed his pleasure to have such an opportunity to discuss with the audience on the benefits they have received from the MGNREGS scheme. He also expressed his satisfaction to know that Ri Bhoi District will celebrate the 25th Anniversary of Mawmer which will be celebrated soon in Ri Bhoi District.
The union said that this meeting with the Assistant EE, for the repair of the coins that have almost collapsed, is not the first time and the union has been there and others. Saphai B United Sport Club, has already met with him with a letter since 18/10/2021 to urge the office of MePDCL to inspect the electrical wires, which have almost been cut off in the road. the village of Shaphai, before the tragedy; However, the MePDCL office has not accepted their complaint.
We will not give up.
It is enough for one word, O man to be saved, The Son of man is saved.
Speaking on the occasion of the swearing-in ceremony of the new leaders of the FKJGP, Bah Sanbor invited the leaders of the FKJGP to come and meet with him. The Union Government has even visited the bedroom of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Today's match will be between Mawlai and Sawmer SC at 3 pm at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
He said that it is true that he had a cold in the past few days, but in the past few days, he has gained strength and now he has no more pain in his body. He said that the test was conducted on July 3, 2020 and the report was received on the 13th of this month, which confirmed that he has the virus.
Therefore, the District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, in an order issued on 23rd July 2022, under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the holding of fishing competitions, in which The prize money for the winners is more than 1,00,000/- (one lakh) tyngka and the entry fee is more than 100/- (one hundred) tyngka per piece.
This conflict among the Khasi, as mentioned above, has not been limited to us Khasi; but it is the same in other nations around the world.
In Ri-Bhoi, there are 8 cases and 7 cases are high risk and one case is from abroad.
I don't think that's good.
The rice distributed through this scheme has not reached the dealers as expected and when the union tried to get information we heard that there is an allegation that the wholesalers receive less rice from the FCI and the dealers. They also receive less food from the wholesalers which in the end it is the people who have to face the cut of kilograms of food items and who suffer.
During the public awareness campaign, the Sohiong Out Post Police gave an explanation on the dangers of drugs.
The meeting was conducted by Alwyn Swer, GS South Shillong MDC Circle in the presence of President and Tyngshaiñ.
In the year 2008-2009, the District Council has allocated T.5.60 lakh for Youth Affairs and T.2.80 lakh for Arts and Culture.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma has inaugurated a machine imported from South Korea which is like a pajwa for the burning of garbage and garbage collected from all over the country. Tura will be the beginning of opening the door to other districts which are still struggling to find a suitable garbage dump.
The video was shot with a drone by Hai-Kai Adventure Tours and Travels.
KSU Upper Shillong President Bah Shngaiñ Sohkhlet said that the KSU will not allow anything.
He said that even the price of the land has already been fixed and agreed to be according to the price set by the government.
This applies more to those who know God and those who believe.
Phudkroh is the village where Danggo lives.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Kong Warjri said that the opening of the Digital Classroom at the school will further improve the knowledge and understanding of the students and the teaching methods.
The incident occurred at 8.45 pm when a Bolero Pick Up (ML 04 C 7064) belonging to Ma Sanki Pale collided with a vehicle belonging to Ma Sanki Pale. Nongjri village, just leaving Lumstong to Mynsngat; but when he reached Pamtiah Mynsngat, the car turned over.
The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, would also like to express its gratitude to all the children of the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur, the Wapung Presbyterian Church, and other friends from the Wapungshnong Village and all those who took part in the event. The Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur has been very grateful for its assistance in this tragic incident.
When asked how many trucks were sent out of Mylliem shyiap per day, Andrew Kharkongor said that he sent about 200 trucks per day.
Now, behold, the listener is wiser than the speaker.
Shillong, June 10: Ten political parties have nominated candidates for the Sohiong Constituency elections which has been temporarily postponed by the Election Commission of India (ECI). January 20, 2023, they will come down again to ask for the support of the people.
These foreigners do not have a work permit, covid report, police verification as well as documents that can prove that they are workers who will come to work in the state.
The government's border talks have been going on since 2010 after the shooting death of four people in Langpih by the Assam police.
“He also expressed his gratitude to various organizations who are concerned about the plight of the people who used to come to him as a leader regarding the idleness of this road and now this dream of all will come true. .
One of the ways you can improve your health is to drink plenty of water and eat high-water foods that can control blood sugar levels.
However, what is surprising and incomprehensible is that even in the midst of the lack of a cure, the countries of the world have not yet found a cure.
In this regard, the teachers of Ri Bhoi College, have expressed their gratitude to these two students, adding that, the ability of these students to come to the rank In the future, it will also encourage other students at this College.
This road will connect the Shilliang Wahblei area with other areas under Mawshynrut Civil-Sub Division.
These two villages fall within the boundary of West Khasi Hills District, which is still under the jurisdiction of Syiem Phlowel Syiem, Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima.
The Government said that the situation has been controlled and no longer threatened but has directed people with respiratory problems, the elderly and children to be careful.
“I would like to congratulate the Meghalaya Football Association for taking this step.
With this promise, 13 villages have met and decided to join Meghalaya.
On 31st October 2017, Dr. Rangat (Consultant Surgery) Nazareth Hospital and his team will visit.
“Like this Governor who doesn't listen to the government, why doesn't he become CM (Myntri Rangbah),” said Bindo.
“The Executive Committee of Jowai has decided that from the issuance of this announcement, Thadmynri Village will fall under the jurisdiction of the Dolloi of Nartiang Elaka,” said the Secretary.
HYC General Secretary Robert June Kharjahrin said that this protest is part of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission which continues from the previous protests.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: Five former MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday congratulated the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Council. Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem who took the initiative to restore the pension as directed by the court.
The EM in charge of Legal Affairs, Rona Khymdeit, has expressed her concern over the marriage as expressed by the MDC from Jaiaw, but said that according to Para 12 A, it will be against the law. of the state, and on its part said that it will follow up on the Bill passed in
The question here is how and in what manner they can work together without consulting Assam? Personally, I feel that when we know the facts according to the evidence that there are Syiems of various Khasi Himas, places within their boundaries, and also in KHADC, we should move forward without There is no hesitation to speak in the Supreme Court of the country until the Central Government does not refuse to join the battlefield but has the Meghalaya Government thought of ways to stop Assam? The border dispute has affected the peace and stability between the people of both the States.
It is also prohibited to discharge industrial effluents or any other source of solid waste into water sources.
Deka was responding to a question raised by MLA Swapan Kar on behalf of Health Minister Nazrul Islam.
To a person who sees only good things, a glass of water may not be good water.
He said that these two roads have been funded by the SPV Society. He demanded that the road should be completed within 7 days otherwise the office should cancel his work order and to give to others who can work.
“Because of my concern about this issue, I have decided to resign from the Ministry of Home Affairs from today.
Because each village or village differs in the sound of any word they speak.
To honor and empower the last woman is to diminish the value of brothers and to destroy the nation.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Pomlakrai Mawbynna in Nongkrem constituency has canceled the agreement with the state government to allocate 10 acres of land for the construction of an indoor stadium.
Laitjem CC beat Marbisu SC by 171 runs and Hurdles CC by 7 runs against Cricket Lovers.
After the public meeting, if the government cannot do anything on this issue, the party will take the decision of the people.
When we listen to the voice of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, we see that many of the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia are more supportive of the VPP which has the leadership of U Prah.
The Congress MLAs felt that the criticism was unpleasant especially from the people who were clear.
We have already signed accords with the Indian government that after 1971, we can no longer accept people from Bangladesh after we treated them well before this year,” he said.
The suspect was identified as Albert Maring of Umdap village.
Police also seized three mobile phones, T.13,540 cash and a Hyundai Santro used to transport the drugs.
In the 79th minute, Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah's Risanlang Dkhar scored the second goal for Maitchaphrang Mootyrchiah in the 79th minute. Both the finalists have qualified for the 2nd Division and at the same time both the finalists have qualified for the 2nd Division.
When asked where these 10 households are now living, he said, “They all went to their relatives' houses”.
“We strongly oppose the decision of the government to import coal from Assam to East Jaintia Hills District,” said the leaders.
She said that during the elections, there is always a lot of talk but it is more common for the two national parties that have talked against the TMC, one from the Union Minister, Amit Shah. Meghalaya is one of the most corrupt states in the world.
In the story of Exodus we see clearly that Yahweh or God is on the side of the oppressed, the oppressed and the persecuted and God stands for them, protects and delivers them. him.
“The UDA now has 16 MDCs after the joining of Kong Grace Mary Kharpuri, we will soon meet with the Governor and the state government to work out that we have the majority to form the EC,” he said. said Bah Teinwell Dkhar today.
Besides, they said that this is against human rights and against the Constitution of India and therefore will never become a law.
Look first at the urban areas, the pollution is very high.
In the complaint lodged by Francis PR Sangma with the Superintendent of Police, West Khasi Hills, it is alleged that these four men are continuing to mine coal from Agal Hillock, Riangdim, Milsam Hills and Bappa Hill Lock and transported the mined coal to Shallang and Jaddigittim for sale and marketing.
In the second innings, SCA (A) scored 61 runs for the loss of 1 wicket in 7.2 overs.
Remittance to farmers boosts their income and also enhances their ability to move forward without hesitation and this leads to profitable investments.
The team, led by Rohit Sharma as captain, took the lead and tied first and scored 397 runs for the loss of four wickets in 50 overs.
They said that even the CEM, Bah HS Shylla, has said that the KHADC is ready to amend the Bill.
He said that one of the issues that the group supports is to demand justice regarding the killing of former HNLC leader, Bah Cheris Thangkhiew.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Teinwel Dkhar, on Tuesday said that the Executive Committee (EC) led by Bah HS Shylla as the Chief Executive Member (CEM) has been appointed. The EC led by Bah PN Syiem, which has been in power for a long time but has not passed a single Bill, has been in power for a long time.
The Deputy Commissioner of WJHD, said that no casualties have been reported during the heavy rainfall.
The people from all these two Elaka have come out strongly to take part in the election of Dolloi. The office has announced that on the 25th of this month (Thursday) it will announce the names of the Dolloi who will be elected. The 2022 election will be held at the MDC Hostel in Riatsasim, Jowai.
So far, 10,524 people have recovered from COVID-19 in the state and 110 people have died.
If something happens, who will be responsible?
This monument has now been found at Mawlai Mawtawar, a village near the town of Mawlai which still has a stone which the village has named Maw Khongngoid.
Before that, politics itself changes from time to time according to the passage of time.
He said that at present, only the TMC in the Opposition in the state is fighting for the rights of the people and also to protect their rights.
This foreign philosophy based on the Bible does not agree at all.
In his speech, the Chief Guest urged all the students who come to receive training at the NYDA Institute to take responsibility for the training and to be diligent as it is one of the greatest opportunities. for the life to come.
He urged all to join hands without discrimination but to accept as one member of the community.
On the other hand, the union after investigating the RTI found that the new scheme under the Swacch Bharat Mission Program which has allocated T.12,000 per household for 262 households There are about 30 beneficiaries whom the Seng has opposed on the grounds that many of the names of the households and the names of the deceased have been revealed.
Leaders from the State Level will also be present on the occasion.
Furthermore, the union demands that the DC and SP of West Khasi Hills should take action against the factory in Riwiang. All the coal from the factory should be confiscated.
The President of the Voice of People Party (VPP) and MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent Miller Basiawmoit, has ended the 40-day hunger strike for the sake of the people. The Meghalaya State Reservation Policy has been in place for 51 years after the State Government issued a notification appointing an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
The MLA said that the Laitlyngkot Elaka, together with the Raid Nongkynrih, have agreed to merge with the Pynursla Civil Sub Division. Nongjri, Mawsiangei and the villages to the west of the North East.
“We know that the findings of these government investigations will not give the truth and will try to protect the government,” he said.
Before any incident, it is the duty of the relevant authorities and especially the Vice Chancellor to ensure that the campus of the university should be safe from any criminals.
It is to be recalled that the 16.5 meter high bridge near Shymplong village, near Sonapyrdi (RCC Bridge No 54/1) collapsed on 17th June The collapse of the bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the people in the border areas, because the bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the people of Shymplong, Huroi. , Hingaria, Lejri, Lahalein and other border villages used to pass through.
It is learned that the women of the village, have felt a little tired, due to the lack of rainfall, which is heavy in these days and it is also said, that it used to be a custom to wash hands, of large animals, such as the Rangbah Shnong and others, that the rain goddess will be more pleased.
The meeting of the KSU will start at 12 noon at the Motphran Car Market to express their opposition to the Government of India's plan to implement the Immigration Act. The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill,
“If the members of Art of Living have been arrested only because they did not have the authority from the state government to meet with the HNLC leaders, why don't the police arrest Kong Roshan? Warjri who spoke on the phone with the General Secretary of the Seng at that time without the knowledge of the State Government, even after we had published her mobile numbers in the media”.
“The rain has really helped us to see how the road is working,” he said and at the same time he said that the company will have to take responsibility to repair the road at its own expense. ".
Ms.Meghna Singh2.
Wow! World.
The meeting was chaired by Dr. Jhunjhunwala and was attended by Editors, Publishers, Journalists and newspaper staff.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has called upon all to resolve the border dispute and the cooperation of all is needed at this time.
Furthermore, Bah Warjri, as the Rangbah Shnong, invites all the residents of Nongdewsaw village and those who are not the owners of the village but who have land in Nongdewsaw village to come out on Saturday the 23rd. Lber, 2024 at 9 pm to meet with the Village Authorities at the office to discuss this issue which is essential for the safety of the residents, he added.
In this regard, there are reports that Jackson is still a supporter of the National People's Party (NPP), and there are also reports that he is no longer a supporter of the party. lead the administration in the state.
In this regard, the most important thing is that the government should think far ahead to introduce strict rules and regulations from now on and perhaps by bringing this issue before the House, a decision will be made to have a law. The State Government has decided to curb the drug trafficking and consumption in the State by imposing strict penalties not only on those who traffic but also on those who drink.
In the past years, the government through the education department has conducted enrollment drives in various places to raise awareness among the public on the value of education.
First of all, I don't know what he is doing and I know many people who are in that area and as a public leader we have to talk to all the people”.
On the other hand, the farmers have to change vehicles and transport their crops from one side of the river to the other and this has caused a huge loss as it has affected the price of their crops.
Ardent said that those who mine shyiap or maw do not use their own power to export abroad, but they mine for their own needs in the villages. of.
The league started on 27th July 2023 with the participation of 8 teams from different parts of the North East. Bah Aiborlang Khongjee, Chairman of Riwar Mihngi Football Association, Rangbah Shnong of Pynursla Village, R.M.F.A. The runner-up will receive T.10,000/- and a trophy.
“My husband wants to see this part of the forest and so I have to show all my skills to impress her, because even though we have been living together, decades, however, I have never been able to completely fool her.
The Seng also urges all the villages not only in Mawlai but all the villages of Bri u Hynnietrep to follow the example of the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongpdeng and also to take action to ensure that the authorities do not enter the country. their village because it will cause many problems in the future.
The Minister also informed that the first package of the road has already been handed over to the company for implementation.
He warned the residents of Bataw not to do anything that would defame the village.
We should express this sentiment up front and not say that X, Y, Z have they have to do with anyone.
Then he asked me, “Are you a sordar?” I replied that I was.
When Bankupar refused to pay, the robber threatened to kill him.
The young woman expressed her deep sorrow over this fraud and what is more sad and worrying is that this money is also taken by loan in the hope that the problem will end and to get government jobs.
Earlier, the Congress, which released its election manifestos, promised to provide housing for poor families, to set up an Urban Police Force, to provide free gas to them. poor families, provision of electricity to the poor and others.
The 29-member Karateka team was led by Sensei Mingson Rymbai and Sensei Arjun Sewa as coach and manager.
Higher Secondary School for the first time has entered the Top 10 after the performance of Samla Banpynshngainlang Thangkhiew who entered the Top 10 in the HSSLC examination with 445 marks. marks in all 6 subjects.
Nongpoh, July 05: The Bharat Tibet Sahyog Manch Meghalaya together with the Ri Lajong Farmers Produce Organization Ri Bhoi on Saturday celebrated the Environment Day as part of the training to the public on the importance of protecting and caring for the environment. the environment which is a threat to the climate change caused by the widespread destruction of the environment.
MeECL should improve its operations, as the northern states which consume more electricity than the rural states know how to improve the electricity supply in advance to avoid electricity shortage in the time when the sky was dark.
However, as farmers, with a spirit of competition, they have not hesitated to farm, but they are still developing many methods of farming so that they can support their families.
The seven villages have expressed their regret over the mistreatment of the Lukha River by the JHADC which lives only to earn money from the Lukha River. 6 villages will see what the JHADC will do if the Wah Lukha turns blue again.
The SP of West Khasi Hills, Bah S.Nongtnger, said that this morning, Shallang Police Station has continued to raid the suspects at one of the places in Nengchigen WKH. Shallang Police have arrested another GNLA cadre identified as Bishal R Marak from the same village.
Replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Dr Mukul Sangma said that this T.2.779 crore is for the year 2015-1 6 companies are located in the state.
The body of the policeman was taken to Nongpoh Civil District Jail for post mortem. Hospital.
This celebration is like a guide, bringing together all the people from different walks of life, to bring their minds to the joy of the holiday season, and to make this celebration within their hearts. stars in the evening sky in Shillong.
According to a statement sent by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Spokesperson of the Seng, the protest was caused by the government's silence on the 48 hour deadline set by the Seng from Tuesday to demand. to suspend all invitations until the Reservation Policy has been amended.
All this has been accepted and implemented, what else is left? The FKS leaders now have the right to go and tie the doors of the Government of India as they have done for decades with the Congress government in Delhi, but what happened? Fortunately, there are still District Councils who are working with them and who are thinking about how to improve their working methods for the safety and security of the children of the thousands.
Songthiang, who is in her fourth semester of college, is one of nine Indians to take part in the tournament, in which India has won four bronze medals.
Deepshikha Boro of Assam won the bronze medal in the snatch with 69 kilos and in the C&J with 88 kilos and a total of 157 kilos.
He said about 34,000 Myanmars and about 1,000 Bangladeshis have come to take refuge in different villages and areas of Mizoram.
Secondly, the sin of slander is a terrible destroyer: – It is only from the Word of God that we can see how the sin of slander makes people to have this spirit. It causes them to fight against others, even against God's people whom God has called and used.
Other countries have highly valued traditional culture by strengthening this department from the introduction of textbooks to higher education, and it has become a large department.
The match went on and Modi won again in the fourth round.
Therefore, he requested the Women's Wing leaders to cooperate with the Women's Wing and the Byrnihat Circle to do many works for the welfare of the people in Byrnihat and “If there is cooperation, many blessings will come for the benefit of the parado ki parasnam in the Byrnihat area as a whole,” he added.
The call was made by a convicted murderer, Jayesh Pujari, also known as Kantha, who was arrested from A police chief in Nagpur said the NIA has filed a case at the police headquarters in Belagavi, Karnataka. Bengaluru and Mumbai where investigations have been ordered.
He said that for other rights such as medical insurance, EPF, Health Insurance and others, the government can find ways and means to implement.
“The HYC, once again expresses its support to the villages, Raids and Himas on this issue and we demand that the Government of Meghalaya should now take responsibility and look into it and resolve it once again. MoU and Settled Agreement,” said the Seng.
“There is a plan to repair the Sonapur Tunnel and that is why the Central Government has sent experts from Delhi and IIT to investigate and consider how to repair the tunnel. earthquake," he said.
In the wilderness shall waters flow, and streams in the desert;
He has been advised by the BCCI Medical Team to rest for a while and cannot accompany the team to the stadium today for the preparations for the Super 4 against India. Sri Lanka," the statement said.
“We are ready to assist the government in arresting the people who started this illegal coal mining in the district.
In fact, the opposition parties have vowed to raise the issue of alleged involvement of Minister Deborah Marak with the insurgents, the government's failure to maintain peace and order especially in Garo Hills. .
The office bearers were President NR Gassah, Vice President MM Thaiang, General Secretary Wansalan E. Dhar, Joint Secretary Kong Renda Manla Khonglah and Treasurer Dr. Solony Bareh.
Therefore, the authorities in charge of this sector should think carefully and not just shillïang whether it is in the city or in the countryside.
As the BJP has not nominated a candidate, the contest in the constituency will now be between the Congress candidate Mohendro Rapsang against the United Democratic Party candidate Paul Lyngdoh. of the NP, Havergail Bareh.
Kumar agreed to take action on MEPA's demand and promised that information regarding the North East Olympic Games 2022 will be provided to all newspapers in the state without any He also requested MEPA to lift their suspension of news gathering.
Speaking to media, Hmingsanga said Mizoram is happy to play against Meghalaya in the semi final.
Speaking to reporters, the Chairman of the HLC, Prestone Tynsong, said that the Municipal Department has been directed to issue a public notice to the residents of the Metor area. The committee has 15 days to report to the office of the department.
Revelation 2:2
Dr. Mukul Sangma said, “It was sent through my personal email, that means you have stolen. to my email" he said angrily.
The vice president of the AMPSRA, Augustine Lyngdoh, said that the AMPSRA has disappointed the youth who have taken up the job of cattle breeding in this way just because of the actions of Assam.
After investigation, it was learned that it belonged to Elizabeth Marbaniang, resident of Nongmensong, who fled the scene.
“Today, I also demand that the report of Justice Vaiphei's investigation into the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew should be released to the public,” said Erwin.
He said webcasting has been conducted at about 1886 polling stations to monitor the conduct of the elections.
Klumar thlim the crowd, he suddenly turned paidbhur.
There are 17 cases in South Garo Hills, 41 cases in South West Garo Hills, 12 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 5 cases in Pyndengsakwang.
The main objective of the Ministry of Women and Child Development is to fill vacancies in the state services for women and children and to promote the cooperation of government agencies to introduce laws that ensure equality of women, girls and men in society, policies and programs to provide an environment in which women and children are involved, that is flexible, reliable and safe any violence and robbery.
Reduce the amount of time your children spend on screens.
On the same day, the owners of these land, together with the Rangbah Shnong and the Lyngdoh of Myrïaw Hima, accompanied the police on the inspection of the pond.
The two teams that have reached the final will also qualify for the Final Round to compete for the title of Ri Bhoi League.
On the other hand, Zion Marweiñ said how young people fall into the temptation to use alcohol, noting that they are being persecuted and persecuted by their family members.
Yash Chopra said that Jaya Bachchan initially rejected the film, but later agreed to act in Silsila after reading the story of her. Amit Malhotra (Amitabh Bachchan) goes back to his first wife Shobha Malhotra (Jaya) and leaves her. Then, the one who was sitting hidden, was Chandni (Rekha).
The KHADC conducted a shop closure on 18th July.
The meeting in the past has not reached any conclusion and it is expected that it will be extended for more days, with the intention of the Government of India, to end before 31st March
Sushil Daimari, Rev. Primingson Milick, Rev. Juron Baglari, Rev. Lazarus Deori, Secretary, Asstt.
The word covers everything.
Nongstoiñ: The Gorkha Training Center (GTC) team has won the first match of the 1st Knock Out Football Tournament 2018 sponsored by Amrit Cement. Kynshi Bangla Social & Cultural Sport Club.
Some officers requested him to stop but he refused and at that time Kiran Bedi ordered the moderator to turn off the loudspeaker so that the MLA could sit down.
Apply these mixtures to the entire face and rub slowly for a while and leave for 15-30 minutes, then rinse with water.
In India, only Goa, the Model State, has implemented the Uniform Civil Code.
“There is no way for the government to take over the operation of EMRI 108 but the government will look after to protect the workers,” she said.
There are 2411 confirmed cases, 4,694 recoveries and 60 deaths.
At present, the most dangerous part of the road is the Tongseng (Narpuh) bridge and many vehicles stop and cause problems to small and heavy vehicles. to walk from this bridge.
While those who have learned and are more educated are free.
Shillong: The State Government on Tuesday, 29th November 2021, appointed Rebecca Vanessa Suchiang as the new Chief Secretary. on Friday, November 30,
The reason for the dispute in the Dorbar was that the appointment of Syiem in Bhowal Hima was allowed to be discussed, which the opposition did not accept and said that it is a matter pending in the Court while the Deputy Chairman. He said that he has already consulted with an impartial lawyer and the lawyer said that there will be no problem to discuss the issue in the Dorbar.
The in-charge Deputy Commissioner said that the demolition of illegal coal mining factories will continue.
Ïahphang Dkhar, a strawberry farmer from Tuber Sohshrieh village, explained her journey in the field of strawberry farming, where she has sold the strawberries and now she has been able to produce umsoh and It also has its own Processing Unit, which has helped to increase its income from time to time.
Shillong, Nailur 10 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will meet tomorrow to take a decision to demand that the government should amend the notification issued by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The CrPC and CPC will not apply to the District Council Courts so that there will be no misunderstanding or misuse of this notification tomorrow.
As of January 2, 2021, the Government of India has distributed 16.54 crore doses of vaccine to the States/UTs free of charge.
This fulfilled Jesus' words, “They shall fall by the edge of the sword” (Luke 21:24).
Fortunately, no one was injured in the accident, except for the driver and passenger of the truck. , who were slightly injured.
Sources said that if there is no appointment of CEM, there may be no new appointment of Executive Members.
After all this, we will continue the work,” said the Minister of Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal.
I just found out that synsar was sold in Mumbai.
After this, it prepared a report with recommendations to the government on what it should do after the committee has completed the investigation.
In the evening, a meeting was held with all the groups in Imphal.
The slow implementation of this day meal scheme in many schools in the state has deprived the children of upper and lower primary school children of the day meals which they should have received from the schools.
“I have tried to raise Ngap to eat or drink during the time of rheumatism,” said Sanki Shylla from Iongnoh village, West Jaintia Hills.
You can visit Maharashtra and New Delhi.
Please don't go wrong, understand and don't misunderstand this part.
The distribution of AAY rice will be at 5 kilos per head, free of charge, while for PHH rice, 5 kilos per head will be distributed free of charge.
"In this regard, the Consultative Committee does not have the consent of all.
“For 45 years, the government has been trying to promote income, development and peace,” he said.
It was seen that these policemen dressed in blue and white uniforms, went by bus around Shillong to patrol many places, especially markets, government offices and the place where the nation lives.
Under this mission, the government aims to provide injections to all between 65 percent and 90 percent.
Besides the police chief, police have also arrested four others identified as Moya Khohung, Zamthoson Haokip, Suntak Prem Baite and Ramzan Khubang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 04: A drug dealer was arrested at Police Point Laitumkhrah on Saturday.
During the inspection, we met with Bah Petus Langi, who had the courage to rescue this child from a 13 feet deep river.
Shillong: The sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy, Speaker of the House, has shocked the allies of the MDA government to get the Speaker.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The KSU Mawthadraishan through its Education Cell has congratulated all the students who will sit for the SSLC and HSSLC examinations to be held in October,
Jowai: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District has banned all village authorities, villages, religious groups and private organizations from using loudspeakers. and also cause noise pollution during the fight against Corona virus.
They included UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh, Allantry F Dkhar, Vice President Ryngkat Lyndem, MDC, Olan Suiñ, UDP Leader and were welcomed by the UDP East office bearers. Garo Hills, led by BG Momin, former Mendipatar MLA and party leaders and supporters.
The question is where is the money that has been spent for the people about crores per year? is free property, that stealing it is no sin).
Besides the final match of the tournament, there was also a penalty shout-out in the afternoon.
Regarding these development projects, the UDP Umsning Circle will soon meet with the government authorities in the state to discuss and implement them for the benefit of the people in Umsning Constituency and the state as a whole. other.
He said that Pynshngain's silver medal will be an inspiration to other youths who will take part in the king boat race or any other sports event.
The election of the new office bearers was held through secret ballot at the DRDA office building.
At the same time, he congratulated Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat for winning the District Level and to become one of the schools to lead the district to the State Level. it shall also bring victory.
The President assured that adequate housing and round-the-clock electricity will be provided to all residents before
“That in the name of Jesus every knee should bow.
Speaking to media, Pastor SB Lyngdoh in charge of Rymbai Church and Tbn.H.M.Thoo, said that this is the second time that the church has come out to repair the road. in 2001 and this time.
These ships are used to carry people from one side of the river to the other side of the river as well as to carry goods.
The speech of Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, has shocked and shook the entire village in the past few days.
Homeowners and tenants can also register through the Mobile App by downloading from this website.
Shillong: The Executive Member (EM) in charge of the Khasi Medicine Department, Bah Titosstwer Well Chyne today said that the construction of the Medical Garden is in full swing at Lumsohpetbneng.
Rynkat Sumer scored the third goal in the 84th minute.
“Today's incident is only a warning,” said the statement, issued by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the party.
Even when it comes to these things, we don't have to choose between the best and the worst.
We have decided to meet again with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills to demand immediate action to avoid the land grabbing,” said Pyrkhat Pyrphet.
In another letter, the Seng has written to the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the non-release of the stipend of the students who are studying medicine. Minister to release them, so that the students will not suffer.
Designed by Brand David, it is shot in a place that truly showcases the beauty, and showcases the most important ingredients in Vivel – Aloe Vera.
Alonzo, congratulated those who came to her funeral and said that when she dies, she doesn't want to have any honor for her, because she hasn't received it. see, with their own eyes, those who came to mourn for her death.
“Whoever sends false information, we have ordered NEIGRIHMS to take action,” said Hek.
Various political parties in the state have strongly opposed the tender invited by UCIL for the construction of the uranium mine and have threatened to hold a strong protest if the government and the UCIl has not stopped its plan to mine uranium because it feels that the nation will be in danger of death if uranium is mined.
One of the decisions taken by the meeting was that those villages which have about 300 villages which have not received electricity, because they have left the electricity bill now will go to install transformers to supply electricity to those villages. However, those households who have not paid the light bill, the department may cut off the electricity supply.
The KSU also urged the youth of the area to prepare themselves to enter this training program so that they can stand on their own feet to earn a living.
In these ships, the smugglers carried about 29,000 kilos of sugar worth more than T.11 lakh.
They have passed by and defiled the holy place at Thakurbari in the name of political interests.
The Government of India will abolish the University Grants Commission (UGC) and establish the Higher Education Commission of India (HECI) by repealing the Act, which has been in force since 1951, he said. Prakash Javadekar, Minister of Education, Government of India.
It is unfortunate that the government has tried to mislead the people.
However, at the same time, he said that he does not feel anything if he loses the seat because he did not sit as CEM for personal gain.
When the old man saw this , he said to his brothers and sisters , ' I am sorry , I am sorry that you are suffering like this They also agreed and decided to leave a kni to pray and bless them to grow and plant crops, to grow livestock, to earn money and to trade inheritance and contributions there while that the money may be given unto thee.
“He is no longer just a brother but also a friend because we have worked together a lot especially during the planning of the first cassette Jingkieng Ksiar,” said Bah Headingson.
“When I say unto the righteous, That he shall surely live; if he trust in his righteousness, and commit iniquity, none of his righteous deeds shall be remembered; but in his iniquity that he hath committed, he shall die" (Ezekiel 33:13).
Nongpoh, Lber 20:Tens of thousands of believers from the Presbyterian Church in Ri Bhoi District, today attended the Synod Rangbah of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Church, which was held from the 17th to the 20th. This month at Mawphru Presbyterian Church, Ri Bhoi District, for the purpose of hearing the message from the Word of God.
Factories need coal in dewbilar factories, wood in sawmills and plywood factories, scrap or scrap materials in alloy and steel factories.
The two-day meeting will be chaired by the Deputy Commissioners from the border areas of Meghalaya and Bangladesh.
Many lessons we see from the nation of Israel, how they were on the verge of victory and death.
Police, while investigating the incident, recovered weapons, which are suspected to have been involved in the death and injury.
The raid was conducted by the Anti Vehicle Theft Cell of Assam Police and Tungjoi Police Station of Manipur after receiving a complaint. Ramchandra Chouhan from Assam has reported that his JCB has been stolen by unidentified robbers.
Many questions have been raised in the court to hear the border dispute between Assam and Arunachal Pradesh which the court still has to investigate.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Diengshynrum, to conduct a smooth and orderly election campaign to avoid congestion and to keep the village clean and safe free from garbage at the polling stations, has appointed rules for the candidates.
Shillong: Due to the repair of the Umiam Bridge, trucks have been banned from passing through the bridge from Shillong to Ribhoi and Guwahati or Silchar, Mizoram and how ter ter.
In the second leg, Luti Tuber beat Mookyrdup 1-0 with a goal from Iohbhah Dhar in the 41st minute.
The bridge, which started work in 2016, has been unfinished for five years and has cost tens of lakhs of rupees to build.
Four people, including the shooter, were killed in a shooting at a nightclub in Orange County, California, authorities said.
However, all the other residents, especially the westerners, have been shocked because of the lack of sleep and the fall of 3000 stones.
When asked about the HNLC's statement that while waiting for the finalization of the talks, people can donate to the HNLC, Prestone said that if it is a statement to donate, it should not appear as a letter.
As we come one by one, this is what we should humbly pray before God, “TAKE CARE OF ME AS A PERSON, HIDE ME UNDER THE COVER OF YOUR WINGS”.
He said that in other states, the government has given special opportunity to conduct their own examination for those who have been in employment.
Furthermore, the President of the Press Club explained about some of the measures taken for the welfare of journalists in Meghalaya.
The Emergency and OT Departments are open 24 hours a day.
“Hostels, temples, churches and other places should be opened and converted into covid treatment centres.
Among those who applied for CAR PASS, almost all of them wanted to go to Shillong to collect food.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Shillong, Nailur 11: Shillong Cricket Association (SAC) has won the U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament on Saturday. this is the Sunday of God.
India has now surpassed Spain in the number of cases and is now the fourth highest number of cases in the world.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the Inter-School Judo of East Khasi Hills, Dr Jemino said that sports is very important because the students should not only learn to read but also be able to read. in the body.
After scoring 10 goals, MLP managed to score the third goal in the 18th minute through Chesterfield Nongdhar. Nongdaju scored the second goal in the 21st minute through Bansynshar Iawphniaw and before the end of the match, Nongdaju FC scored the second goal in the 21st minute. Teiborlang Siangshai scored the fourth goal for MLP in the 39th minute.
Nongstoiñ: After the candidates from various parties for the KHADC elections from Nongstoiñ Constituency have already filed their nomination papers, the UDP candidate has filed his nomination papers for the last time today.
Hima has contested against Rudyhess Shangpliang from Mawsynram.
He said that some of the protesters were injured but there were no casualties due to the refusal of the police to use force against the protesters.
Any individual or group who has tried such activities, please approach the office of BASIN (CLLMP), West Jaintia Hills District located on the third floor of the DC Office (Room.157, 3d Floor, DC Office).
Dr War also expressed his activities and objectives including education, health and income.
In the United States, the death toll from the coronavirus has risen to 1,000 with the highest number of deaths in Alabama, Nevada and Texas.
“At present, the two BJP MLAs, Bah Sanbor Shullai and Bah AL Hek, are still supporting the NPP-led MDA government. He said that the BJP has already submitted documents and witnesses to Delhi on corruption in District Councils and illegal coal smuggling.
This comes after a storm and cold weather hit many villages in Ri Bhoi on Friday which destroyed trees and electricity posts despite the efforts of MeECL. try to provide electricity and build in the affected areas.
He said the department has directed the Directorate of Educational Research and Training (DERT) to conduct a thorough research on the performance of the students before making Mathematics an optional paper.
“Since 2019 until now we have seen the misleading statements of the MLA through the media, which we don't need to clarify and this time it has happened as well and maybe we will have to clarify. ultimately with all the evidence," he added.
“Many times people complain that the Khasi people cannot unite, but in this case we will stand together.
Jowai, Jymmang 07: The Jaintia Career Coaching Center (JCCC) today launched a 'Free Coaching Class' 100 students have been selected after the Entrance Test.
For this reason, I would like to ask the land owners to be more confident because if they get the Western By Pass, it will help to reduce the traffic from Shillong for those who want to go to West Khasi Hills or even up to Garo Hills can pass through this road.
Regarding the arrest of these foreigners, the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District has urged the public who have information about the people involved in helping to cross the border from Bangladesh into India. he.
Jowai, Naitung 05: Following the news in recent days of the arrest of Jimmy for involvement in drug trafficking, the leaders of the Seiñ Kur Sutnga 14 Khrong has gone to meet with the relatives of Jimmy in Jowai to confirm his kinship as he has confessed to the police as Jimmy Sutnga.
The power of Sam is in the state of Iong, He has been robbed, and he has been killed every day.
Minister Dada Bhuse has been appointed as the head of the party's disciplinary committee while Shambhuraj Desai and Sanjay More have been appointed as members of the committee.
However, we forget to think that this drug is a terrible destroyer of the family, society and the country and the nation as a whole, more than marijuana.
If the family members are happy for some villages, we are ready to negotiate within the framework of the MoU," he said.
China, which has invaded Tibet, and says it wants to divert the Brahmaputra River to irrigate Tibet's dry fields.
“The union sends a strong warning to those who try to bring in foreign workers without proper documents.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that as the party has already announced the names of 34 candidates, it will announce the fourth list of candidates. The 5 MLAs who will contest from the party.
Besides, the Minister also promised to take action on the allegation that the firefighters were stingy to reach Quallapaty to contain the fire.
According to media reports, the behdein khlam ceremony in the Sein Raij is held every year and this year it was held on the 24th of this month.
According to the signs, Chiang was stabbed with knives in the hand, neck and other parts of the body and died of blood loss.
The two-day celebration started on the 29th of June and ended on the 30th of June at Byrwa Village, Ri Bhoi.
I strongly condemn this incident due to the irresponsibility of those in charge.
“There are many differences as I said, the ANVC draws its own map, while we don't want to do that, we don't want to create any difference of opinion or conflict, we leave it to the wisdom of the ANVC. The government should not tell us where it will start and where it will end and after that we will prepare the map. “We also want to follow the rules of law without creating any ethnic discrimination,” said Nikman Ch Marak.
When there is a lack of health facilities, any area is lagging behind in terms of health.
On the other hand, Azad Zaman, Congress MLA from Rajabala, accused the police of arresting the suspects in the incident. They found that the questions were stolen and reported to the examiners.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will hold a meeting between the Chief Ministers of the two states next month to discuss and take a final decision to resolve the border issue. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, while talking to media, said that a meeting was held today between the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsong together with Piyush Hazarika, Chairman of the Regional Committee from Assam, handed over the reports of these committees.
In the Meghalaya government, we will try to ensure that at least 80 out of 100 jobs in office, trade, factory, etc. will belong to us indigenous people.
The HYC has urged the private sector and especially the government authorities to look into the problems of the residents and provide assistance to such families who are in dire need of assistance across the country. forgive us for our hardships and needs at this time when the world is still in the midst of the fight against COVID-1
They said that the land for the police station has already been prepared by the villagers in Sildubi and if the government has a responsibility for the peace and order in the area, it should have implement as soon as possible for the benefit of the people of the area.
“Therefore, she said that it will not succeed like other parties that just because they have more MLAs and MDCs, they can get more votes in the MP elections which will be held soon. months to come.
It is unfortunate that the MLA, the Minister and government officers or employees, who have the same rights as the citizens of the State, receive their salaries before the 1st of the month, while the teachers , they receive their salary once in 90 days, or once in 180 days and this is the most violent sin or shows that they are not masters, but slaves before the State Government. , because for their own share, they had to bow down at the feet of the nobles.
He passed away on 9th June
For more information please call +9
God created man and woman to share in a loving relationship.
Besides the Kshaid, the area also has famous rivers flowing north along with the Rilang, Kynshai and Ranikor rivers and Umngoh in the Dawki area. From Mawphu to Shella and this river has valley parts and when it reaches the plain before reaching Bangladesh there are places suitable for walking, sitting such as river beaches.
The Chief Minister was speaking at the closing ceremony of the 50th Anniversary of the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) held in Tura today.
Shillong: The Achik Conscious Integrated Crime Society (ACHIK) has issued a letter warning that it could appeal to the Supreme Court if the registration year is not implemented. The system has not been in place since 1972, as laid down by the Meghalaya High Court.
Of these, six are from Hojai, six from Golaghat, two from Darrang and one from Kamrup Metro and Kamrup.
I wrote in an English newspaper (not the Shillong Times), because all Christians should know, but I didn't write.
Speaking at the meeting, which was held at his residence today, Sanbor said that only before the elections, there was a lot of talk about religion, but Sanbor said that all the political parties politicians should contest elections on the basis of economic development and he also showed that the world's largest countries with the largest number of Christians, whether America, France, UK, Germany and Russia, They praised the work of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and supported India's plan to make the world's most successful terrorist, Masood Azhar, the leader of the party. Pakistan's Jaish-e-Mohammed.
Within 15 days, on 31st July, the price of petrol has been increased to T.68.55 tyngka and diesel to T.56.18 tyngka.
After this, he has attracted many attention through his performances in domestic football and has been called up to the India U-23 squad for the AFC U-23 qualifiers. Asian Cup.
The party said that the party was founded not on the basis of money, but on the basis of restoring the rights of the people who have been violated by the Indian government. The HNLC has received annual support in terms of money, weapons from some non-Indian countries including foreign organizations. Mukul Sangma's proposal.
He said that the BSF has the authority to shoot people because before shooting anyone, he must have an order.
The teams in Group-A are Sumit Academy, Madanryting SC, Sohryngkham SC and Nangkiew Irat SC.
He also spoke on the need to have modern sports equipment to intimidate and encourage the insurgents to fight with the police.
Mawkyrwat, November 09: The Mawkyrwat Youth Association in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District today held the District Talents & Musical Evening, Mr & Miss Mawkyrwat today at Nativity Stadium Mawkyrwat. As part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the State, the Hon'ble Minister of State, Bah Renikton Lynhdoh Tongkhar was the chief guest.
According to the owner, the robbers used petrol to burn the bike while they were sleeping.
During this four-day training, it will provide training to the youth, both academically and practically.
During these four days of the programme, various competitions were held with the participation of nurse students from all over the state and districts in the State including men and women. The winners were awarded prizes, trophies, medals and certificates.
He said there were talks with Assam regarding the construction of a gate in Khanduli area, which has caused unrest in the border area.
“My father, former Prime Minister Chandra Shekhar, also worked for the good and interest of the country.
Nongpoh: Trinamool Congress (TMC) leader Mamata Banerjee, who is also the Chief Minister of West Bengal, on Tuesday received a warm welcome to the state. eh at the airport in Umroi.
“It is an urgent need to start Khalai works in the State which has led to the introduction of the Orinance, we lack the strength to think,” said Roy.
He said that on his part, he demands that it should be removed immediately and there is no need to discuss anything else.
The farmers have been complaining because the price of cleaning and harvesting is very low while the price of kwai has dropped too much to the point of losing their crops this year.
He said that even when there is a network, it is not possible to talk on the phone and there is no conversation that can be concluded, due to the lack of network.
On the other hand, the union will continue to conduct these inspections to other shops or dhabas around the city.
He said the party has not yet sat down to think whether it is true or not.
Rachel said that the five men were very angry and asked them if they were hungry or not. that they may not be able to do so.
This has opened the way for the high paid ethnic groups from Bangladesh to invade the low paid states of the North East.
On the availability of medicines, Dr. Ampareen said that the Minister has suggested to the officers to ensure that dispensaries are set up in all civil hospitals, MCH hospitals or subdivisional hospitals around the country. in the state of Meghalaya.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The Dorbar Dong Namchiang, which includes 17 villages in the Narpuh District, has held a public meeting on the 28th July 2014 at the Dorbar Hall in Umkiang. All the Rangbah Shnongs and leaders of different villages in the area took part.
They also urged the Mawlasnai Football Association to hold this tournament to honor this leader and not only to remember him as a leader who has contributed for the country. The Association will continue to promote the talents of the youth in the field of football. you have organized this tournament.
Grace comes from self-sacrifice and self-sacrifice comes from teaching, faith, duty.
According to the order, dated the 16th of this month, vehicles will be allowed to travel up to 30 percent in Shillong and 50 percent in the rural areas of East Khasi Hills District.
Ma Welborn Lywait, resident of KNB Road Iawmusiang Jowai, has passed away on the evening of .
Speaking to media, the HPF leaders said that the HPF is saddened to see that the people have turned this place into a Marten or a place to dump garbage, because it is still very close to the village and especially to the stadium.
I believe one bullet will change the hearts of the Pro-Hindustan...” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw on Facebook today while threatening Kong Amapareen over the destruction of houses in Umsawli and Mawtari. on the 8th of this month.
The Delimitation Committee shall examine the constituencies according to the order issued by the Governor of the State.
The group calls upon the people to come together on this day to show to the Government that from now on it should not forcibly take the life of anyone even if it is a person who has done wrong. “The Government should follow the rules of law by arresting and investigating to find out the facts,” said a statement sent by Sur Ki Nong Mawlai.
Because the Word of God gives us a sign that when we see these things, know that all these things are only the beginning of sorrows.
The leaders of these two organizations have expressed their opposition to the proposal to hold the public hearing at Khliehriat near the DC Office instead of at the park.
Sungoh said the Forum is deeply saddened by the incidents in Moothade and Moojem and between Khanduli and Karbi villages. The Forum does not want such incidents to happen again. fine.
The body of the woman was found on Sunday night, which police claimed was a suicide.
However, at the same time, he said that the rules of some villages for the candidates in this election, there is nothing to challenge because it depends on their wisdom.
The Super King scored 189/6 in 20 overs.
MAM was created in 2016 and has been running for three years now.
They also said that many of the tins have been damaged and have had to be covered with signs to avoid the damage during the sale especially during these months.
“The people have come out in large numbers to cast their votes and this is good for democracy,” he said and expressed his confidence to come back to power.
However, for us in this area, the reason for our backwardness is because of the protests, bloodshed and excessive loss of peace.
“If it is not the authority of the Hima Mylliem, how can foreigners who come from here and there come to live in this market?” said one of the elders. the Dkhars who came to live in peace and to protect their fellow Khasi.
“When you are a leader, you must show it with courage. The government of Dr Mukul Sangma has introduced a Bill on dual posts for MLAs and MDC at the same time, and one of them resigned for the first time just hours after the Bill was introduced in the Legislative Assembly”.
When this road was repaired, it was said that this gate also stirred up and stirred up the people.
He said that the union congratulates the government for taking action to allow the sale of goods, as well as the market dwellers who have cooperated with the government during these 10 months of ban on fish. to see if you can bring in good fish.
“The vehicles here have been driven further and further away, we feel it makes no sense to clear only the Polo and clear the upper road because this road is crowded and connects many villages,” said Bah. Today.
The training was attended by SURE Daka Bareh Member, Pasqualina Lamare who explained to the Local Groups and Self Help Groups (SHG's) about the work of SURE. ADO) explained how Berkeley Composting works.
Diphu, July 08: Two persons have been arrested after police seized heroin worth T 18 crore from a vehicle in Karbi Anglong district of Assam on Tuesday. the police chief.
If the Court has issued such an order, will the people in power be surprised or not?
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 09 : The youth of the state have increased steadily in the field of sports and brought glory to the state by winning medals in various sports. Fourteen youths from the state who have taken part in the 2nd International Kick Boxing Woko Tournament Championship held in Delhi have won 7 trophies. 3 Gold medals, 3 Silver medals, 3 Bronze medals and one came 5th.
The New Fund Offering (NFO) window will be from 10th to 24th November and the deposit will be limited to 10 tyngka per unit. The Tata AIA Small Cap Discovery Fund will invest your money (up to 65%) in selected small cap companies and will offer to make a lot of money if put slowly the money.
Charlie J. Rani, President of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM), Central Body, who also received the award, gave a speech of encouragement and explanation. The swearing-in ceremony of the leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM)
When I say this, you may disagree and ask why religion is needed in politics? However, let us know that in order to achieve a clean governance, to bring about development, to build the country and the nation, it is necessary to understand that religion is necessary in politics.
The Government cannot expect that the heavy rainfall will cause the roads to collapse until traffic is no longer possible as the heavy rainfall in these parts of the country is predictable.
The arrested were identified as Md. Zakir Hussain Laskar and Imranul Hoque Laskar of Katigorah District of Assam.
On the other hand, Bah Stogent Lynrah said that the earthquake started on Monday night.
On the opening day, Bah Polestar Nongsiej, one of the youths of Nongstoiñ area, was also present as the chief guest. lympung and to all participating teams.
The HNLC also congratulated the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Raid Nongtung, who have shown their courage and set a good example. people.
Ami Tariang and Jingieit Nongbah, who are well-known only in the newspapers, have claimed to be village leaders.
According to the RTI received by the HNYF-Western Region, out of the 12,735 trucks passing through DMR Kynshi, 9826 trucks went to the Umling weighbridge while 2909 trucks were lost.
Assam Chief Minister Himanta Bishwa Sharma has met with Conrad Sangma to plan how to form a government in Meghalaya as soon as the MLA results are announced. elections.
The state would have been able to sell crops without fertilizers or pesticides which are the main cause of cancer.
During the same period, Shillong received 3.6 mm of rainfall and Umiam received 2.3 mm.
under NPP-UDP everything is last.
“The government will meet with Amit Shah to discuss and remind him on these issues that are pending with the central government,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
The aim of the state government is to clean and preserve the Umkhrah River in Shillong and the Myntdu and Lukha Rivers in Jaintia Hills.
OR Shallam urged to respect the environment by planting trees by every resident of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, saying that the purpose of Shad Sukra this year is to revive the environment to ensure cleanliness in all aspects.
The men's team of the state which took part in the 7th National Blind Football Tournament has finished fourth in the tournament this season. The competition came to an end on 21st June at Jamshedpur, Jharkhand.
“Today, the price of sohsaw is about 25 tyngka per kilo, and compared to the previous year, the price has dropped,” said a woman who sells sohsaw at the market in Iewduh.
The District Council has allocated T.50 lakh for the cleaning of the river in the first phase.
The state government has planned to start the Shillong Ropeway project at a cost of T.140 crore with the financing of the Asian Development Bank.
The CAG report showed that 58 cases are pending action and investigation by government departments, 8 cases have been prosecuted by the department but have not been resolved, 14 cases are pending order and one case is pending. stay in Court.
However, in Khasi-Jaintia, it is the most important food, except for the dairy products obtained from Dkhar, which provides the kind of food called 'protein' the food that builds up the soul.
The 25th Anniversary Celebration was inaugurated by Narpuh MDC Emlangki Lamare in the presence of T. Challam, former MDC Decsous Pohshna, Waheh. Former Waheh Shnong, teachers, school children and other elders of the village.
Shillong: The Union of Village Leaders and civil society organizations including the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM), HANM and the Jaintia National Council (JNC) have strongly opposed the decision of the Meghalaya government to allow the trucks from Assam to transport coal to East Jaintia Hills for the operation of foreign coal factories.
The 25-year-old Belarusian will prepare for the semi final against Ons Jabeur, who defeated last year's champion Elena Rybakina.
“The PHE and PWD departments need to have an understanding,” he said.
In the second service which was held at 1:30 pm, Dr. AC Moore led the service and the sermon was delivered by Rev.Dr.B.R. Sohkhia, who also spoke about the judgment of God in which the small and the great will fall into this judgment.
The swearing-in ceremony was held by the teams from the district administration and journalists during a friendly football match today at Pahamsyiem Nongpoh Stadium.
“Of course, we understand that we all have the spirit of serving others but we understand that no one can live without food, the ASHAs have the right to serve others. If the Minister is still calling the ASHAs as volunteers, please provide the ID to the ASHAs so that they can get anything whenever they leave”.
The khalai nusip shall be held once a month and shall be used in a book that is free from any doubt.
Speaking at a meeting after the announcement of his candidacy in the presence of National President Conrad K Sangma and National Vice President Prestone Tynsong, Allan said he sees that this government has achieved success. to accomplish many things.
He said he did not agree with the principles of various political parties in the state and reminded that many of the MPs from Shillong seat are independent candidates.
Rani scored the third goal in the 28th minute.
Let us come and discuss together, let us dream and ask together, let us make a covenant among ourselves and let us build a new society.
Pala said that here too, the people on the border are not happy and they have met with him to appeal to the Supreme Court. If the people on the border are not happy, why have they been forced to leave? to Congress.
On the same day (20.10.2019), the Chairman announced that the election of the new CEM will be held on 22.10.19 and the filing of Nomination Papers will end at 12.00 pm on 19 and both sides have submitted their Nomination Papers and all have been completed.
This provision also gives freedom to farmers to sell their produce directly to consumers or companies.
Referring to the UDP, the Prime Minister said there has been no discussion regarding the distribution of the portfolio of Ministers among its MLAs.
Other buildings that the state needs are the Legislative Assembly which collapsed in 2001, but only in this year the MDA government in 2018 has taken action. The dorbar will be held in July this year.
The MUPSTA Teachers Union (MUPSTA) has expressed its deep regret over the Meghalaya government's failure to respond to the demands of the union to increase the deficit of all UP schools.
To curb such crimes in the society, Samla Shylla urged the Village Leaders, Women's Organizations, Youth and even the Police Force to conduct raids from time to time. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate, so that such activities that defame the society and set a bad example for the children can be stopped,” he added. .
Chennai, July 4: Two-time Indian Super League (ISL) champions Chennaiyin FC have signed Bengal captain and defender Monotosh Chakladar for next season.
In this regard, the Minister said that the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has already written to the Deputy Commissioners of the districts to verify the documents of these students.
He said that the leaders should look first at what the state needs at this moment without forgetting what the future will require from them.
Besides Diengshynrum, other teams that have reached the semi finals are Pamrakmai SC and Iatyllilang Hingaria and the final quarter final will be played on the 11th of this month.
However, because their stomachs cannot digest those seeds, when nature calls or when they go to the toilet, they throw out those seeds with the eight. their.
Speaking by telephone, Secretary of the Nepalese Embassy in Israel Arjun Ghimire said that Israeli police have already confirmed that 10 bodies of Nepalis have been found among them. and they died that day.
The three projects launched by the Minister include the construction of the Football Stadium in Ampati worth T.40 crore, the Football Stadium in Tura worth T.40 crore and the International Center for Performing Arts and Culture. , Shillong worth T.165 crore.
“If the government does not accept our suggestions, we too will not accept the decision of the government and the political parties will come out again to demand ILP, when the government has acknowledged the need. New Delhi: Former Finance Minister UP Chidambaram will have to remain in jail for 14 days. the prison, where he will stay, is prison number
“There are about 50 trucks a day that smuggle stone to Bangladesh.
Reham Khan, the ex-wife of Pakistani Prime Minister Imran Khan, has been angry with her ex-husband after she was assaulted by two robbers who opened fire on her car. sitting, as she went home, Sunday night.
He said that the future of the country depends on the youth who have responsibility for the family, the country and the nation.
I think this is what I have seen in this election, so we hope that this aspiration of the people will be fulfilled,” he said.
Sainbor Pathaw, 38, of Mawlai Mawdatbaki, EK Hills, was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong on 13-05-2021. He died on 22-05-2 Sily Dkhar, 73, of Moodymmai, WJ Hills, was admitted to Dr. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai on 18-05-2021. She died on 21-05-2 28 from Nongbsap, EK Hills She was admitted to Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong on 19-05-2021. She passed away on 22-05-2
“Because of this, they have to buy urea for T.500 which used to sell for T.3
Besides, the village authorities said that the library will also house books related to the laws and regulations, the records of the village and other necessary books.
This was announced by Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, who is one of the leaders of the party and an MLA and Minister at the same time.
On 13th November, the Government informed the Court that it is ready to allocate 3 acres of land for the construction of a three-storey house for the Harijans at Mawbah.
The U-14 team of HK Singh Secondary School in the 62nd International Subroto Cup Football Tournament has come to an end after losing in the quarter final.
It is shocking to know and see that these weapons of darkness have even entered the outskirts of Shillong like Mawlai which is a village inhabited only by the Khasi people.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Joint Action Committee of All Teachers Association of Meghalaya (JACATAM) has demanded that the government should take over the post of school teachers in the state. task.
AS Roma have signed Romelu Lukaku from Chelsea on Friday.
None of the opposition women MLAs have commented on the issue.
The match between West Khasi Hills DCA and West Jaintia Hills DCA will be played in Zone 1 Group B. Iatyllilang Sports Club and Lumpyngngad Sports Club won their matches. The SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was held at the MFA Turf Polo Ground on Saturday.
The power outage will prevent the people of the state from watching the World Cup in July this year.
Speeches were delivered by Neeraj Kumar Khater, Assistant Manager, Startup India Team, Pankaj Periwal, FCA, Nikhil Pant, CEO, REACHA & Founder, Lakshyaa, Former Chief Program Executive, NFCSR, IICA, Ministry of Corporate Affairs, Govt of India and others.
The union is angry that as soon as the lip bording means that the Jio network has been lost, the loss of network has caused a lot of suffering to the people living in the area, because as it is now there are about 80% of the mobile phone users in the area use the Jio network, therefore the increasing network outages have angered the organization.
He sees the depths of the heart of man, and his sins are open and cannot be hidden from him.
The race started at 6 pm from Mawmaram village and ended at Mot Tirot village in Mairang Mission Eastern West Khasi Hills District for a distance of 10km.
As the NPP has promised to the people during the elections that it will do better this time, it should also show great deeds.
The NPYF will hold this prayer for the country and its leaders.
Ernestin Kyntiewbor Swer top scored with 22 runs from 11 balls, Anthony Pathaw took 3 wickets from 4 overs and Mebanshan Kharsati took three wickets for 16 balls.
Jowai: The Nongshet School Students, on Tuesday, said that they are very grateful to the Prime Minister of the country for increasing the tuition fees to more than 3,000 rupees. month and also pay 12 months per year in order to be able to use the payment for their children.
Bah Samlin also expressed his concern about the smuggling of people in public places, the smuggling and smuggling of men in the wells.
This will be the first time in any state that the CAPF will be deployed to check the illegal smuggling of coal.
The traffic jam on the road in Nongpoh area started at 10 pm from Umsning to Byrnihat area due to the large number of supporters of the candidates to contest the election. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that it will scrutinize the nomination papers of the candidates who have already registered their nomination papers. There are 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi District.
He also advised the States to implement restrictions on travel and human resources.
On the other hand, the leaders of the Forum today also conducted an inspection of the road and many of the residents expressed the need for a footpath to improve the traffic of the residents due to the terrible incident. The Forum has expressed the need for a footpath from Lad Umroi to Bhoirymbong.
Explaining in detail on this issue, he said that the union has already sent a letter to the EE of MeECL Nongstoin Division in the years 2010, 2012 and 2014 and through these Three letters from the office, has sent staff to inspect and repair the electricity which has been received through the RGBBY scheme. the town enjoyed light for only about four months.
The school was inaugurated by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
The service was conducted by the Chairman Elect Rev.M.Shylla at 10 pm as a sign of encouragement to the students of KJP Synod Mihngi who came forward to participate in the chess sessions. exam for the year 2021 and
And steel waiting for your call.
Those who are not interested in sports can devote themselves to music and singing, which are of great benefit to their own lives and become a source of income in these days.
A nation that knows man and knows God, now so much.
Wahkaji, who participated in the U-17 category, has proved their skills despite having only 9 players while Nineset has 11 players. the game is fierce and competitive.
Metbah also expressed his condolences on the death of one of the young table tennis players from Tamil Nadu, after a car collision at Shangbangla on Sunday. , Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: Shillong has conducted for the first time the training course for Judges of the National Rifle Association of India.
Shillong, Lber 28: The Tourist Taxi Drivers Association, Ladrymbai has clarified that the TTDA has given its support to Ma Denis Siangshai in the MP election to be held on the 9th of June. TTDA President Happy Rymbai said that the party is against the campaign of Vincent Pala.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that the government and the PWD department have done this because of the silence of the government and the PWD department. They ud and requested the government through the PWD department to improve the road which starts from Pahamawlein 20mer and continues to Umdap Shakhoikuna Umjong Pahamsohbar and other villages.
At the same time, KHNAM has demanded that the state government should immediately arrest those Assam policemen who came to Mukroh to take the lives of five people.
Shillong: U Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah of the United Democratic Party (UDP) has won the Sohiong Constituency election.
Speaking to media, Bah Michael Warjri, said that he is not yet in good health, as he is still suffering from headaches, neck and other problems. part of his body, where he is still in urgent need of treatment at hospitals.
The DC of East Jaintia Hills has sent a letter to the Doloi of Narpuh Elaka and a copy to all the Rangbah Shnongs. , according to letter No:EJD/rev 18/2012/75, dated 7th June 2014, in which it was stated that the NHAI, has allocated the funds and started working.
After the separation of Trekirot from Khadynru Wasa, he placed the Khynde in heaven and sent the Ynñiaw wasa to live on the earth. Tip Bru, Tip Blai, Tip Kynsai, Tip Kynsai, Pang Rai, Kamai iei Hok is to strengthen the foundation of the Sngi Kylliang of the village.
Shillong Lajong Football Club beat East Bengal FC 1-0 in the first leg of the Hero 2nd Division I-League 2022-23 at Naihiti Stadium on Saturday.
There has been talk that the NPP has been severely affected in the MP elections in Meghalaya, which is predominantly Christian after people have been disappointed with the support of the BJP. it is hating on minorities.
They urged them not to sit idly by, but to speak out and not allow the government to remain silent on this demand.
There are Christians and church leaders who are accustomed to quote only a few verses from Paul's long and complex writings to force their own thinking.
Pariat said that the salary of JHADC has reached more than Rs 6 crore per month and if you count the salaries of GHADC and KHADC, JHADC is still higher. Rymbai spoke on the financial crisis of the District Council where the Council has been confused regarding the salaries of the employees. The reason is that in JHADC there are too many employees than the job.
In 2019, some organizations from Meghalaya, expressed their strong opposition to the construction of a PMGSY road by Assam and especially the bridge connecting the villages from Assam to Balakhwa, but Assam Assam has been able to build up to 2 heavy bridges, but as it is now, almost all the roads in the Balakhwa area have been improved. It has made it easier for the people living in the area.
Perhaps the NPP has been able to buy some candidates.
Police patrols are continuing in the area to control the situation and prevent serious clashes especially after the incident of arson.
Nailur 2019) at St. Claret Parish Mooksiang (phramer) West Jaintia Hills District where the faithful from 18 parishes of the Diocese, came to take part in this celebration of the Diocese.
Main Dkhar
He was also a teacher from 1978 at Sakwang Presbyterian Lower Primary School until his retirement on July 20,
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Congress party on Saturday announced its 29 candidates for the MDC elections in GHADC to be held on 12th March.
Jowai, March 25: Hundreds of residents of Tuberkmai Shnong under the leadership of the EJNC, a new political party, on Saturday marched to the Jowai Civil Hospital in Ialong with flags to protest against the The Government has refused to accept the demand for the temporary dismissal of the Chowkidars involved in the shooting of Graham Lyngdoh, a resident of Tuberkmai Shnong. The patient was admitted to the hospital.
In fact, Donbok said that the HYC wants the Board to sell the examination again for the Class IX students, but it thought that it would cause problems to the students, and it approved the proposal. The Executive Chairman to conduct an inquiry before the examination tomorrow.
The JSU has also decided that if NEHU fails to start the Jowai Campus within the next few months, it will send a letter to the Central Government and the Human Resource Development Department of the Government of India.
She criticized the statement of the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah Pyllun, Bah Andew J Jyrwa, who demanded that the kharmetor should be taken from the area to the place where the government intends to take the residents of Them Iewmawlong.
Participants who have reached the age of 60 years can compete in the Senior Master category, and those under the age of 45 to 60 years can compete in the Master category.
She said that the Ministry of Agriculture has taken steps to combat climate change and is trying to encourage the residents of East Jaintia Hills and some parts of West Jaintia Hills and West Khasi Hills which are also mining areas. coal, to turn back to agriculture.
Also present on the occasion were the Commissioner & Secretary PS Sampath Kumar, the DC of West Garo Hills and others.
In the past few days, Rawat had led Assam PCC President Ripun Bora and Opposition Leader Debabrata Saikia to meet with AICC officials to discuss the citizenship issue. (Amendment) Bill.
Speaking to media, the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Marmaiñ Area, Bah Diren Kleiñ, Bah Bistocan Timung Secretary of the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA), said that according to their information, The Karbi Traditional Faith Association (KFAA) has held a meeting on 25th June 2013 at the Sacred Heart Secondary School Marmaiñ. There was also a threat that all the statues of Jesus including the Statue of Jesus in front of the school should be removed otherwise they will destroy it.
He also mentioned the ban on coal mining in the state and said that it is necessary to use other techniques to mine coal so that it will not affect the environment.
Along with the Khalai Casino, these are the evils that will remain hidden until the city is named the city of Pope.
The Steering Committee of the Dorbar Kurs in its one year history since its establishment on 3rd November 2018 has been able to do many things in relation to the Bills of KHADC according to the The Committee shall be empowered by this meeting to consider and review any Bills relating to the Kur affairs introduced by the District Council if there are any parts affecting the Kur affairs. tribes that are in the Jaitbynriew.
The owners of the house escaped by chance, as they managed to flee quickly before the earthquake struck the house, which was completely destroyed.
At first glance, we cannot imagine that for treatment, we don't have to go to hospital, we don't have to go to doctors, we don't have to go to Vellore, Apollo, America and so on. it should impose a curfew and stay at home and this perhaps seems to be the law of the ancient Stone Age, when science was still lagging behind.
“Once there is no complaint, it shows that the teachers don't have any problems,” said Bah Kyrmen.
Furthermore, it is learned that one of the employees inside the pump, when he saw that these people had fled without paying money, he went to chase them and after finding the vehicle, he They were brought back to the pump.
“We pray that peace will return to Manipur.
He said the sports department has organized this program to encourage the youth in sports as sports is a factory that provides jobs to stand on their own feet.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla, in his speech, congratulated the company for being willing to help the village and urged that this cooperation will continue in the coming days.
Mawryngkang was known as the King of the Mountains.
Before that, there were also Seng Bhalang who demanded that the MRSSA Act should be implemented. Dr. Mukul Sangma also demanded the implementation of the MRSSA Act. 2016, or in 2017-18, because the Lat has not approved since
Earlier, the government had sent HSDP equipment to commercial vehicles at a cost of T.2000 tyngka but it has not worked at all.
Many Khasi-Pnars understand that Behdeinkhlam is a festival of the Raij in which all the children of the Raij take part.
Not only that, the union also urged the Principal of the school not to send the subject English to Hindi as many of the students cannot understand, and some have come to complain to the school. members of the party in connection with the matter.
Before the elections, there was a strong backlash from the BJP against the NPP for being the most corrupt party.
There are 4,216 confirmed cases and the death toll has risen to
Garo Hills has been shocked once when the Garoland State Movement Committee has gathered the Garo people to convey this demand to the Government.
On the other hand, it is surprising that the Government understands the need for the Roster System so far, to say that the Reservation Policy is meaningless without the roster.
From this ADB loan scheme, 117 schools have been selected to benefit in the state, he said.
Several village leaders and residents said that after the arrest of these three Khasi youths by the Assam police, the village leaders also visited and witnessed the incident. They also inspected the Umler Bridge and found that there was no sign of burning or damage as alleged by the Assam Police and the bridge is as it used to be in the village.
In a statement, TUR leader Angela Rangad said she strongly condemns the BJP-led government of India for introducing and passing the Citizenship Amendment Bill in the Lok Sabha today.
However, there are other students who do well in the examinations even though they are preparing for the end of year examination by preparing for online training.
However, Prestone said the party may announce its candidates for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats within this month.
In the last election in 2013, Pynshai Manik Syiem and his daughter Teilinia Thangkhiew contested as independent candidates. David Nongrum as an independent candidate (no Congress ticket), Bah Donkupar Massar and his wife Grace Kharpuri as an independent candidate, Dr. Mukul Sangma and his wife from the Congress.
However, any household that has unity, understanding and mutual love has that fear of doing evil, but if any household is divided, it cannot be There are many conflicts and evil deeds because there is no “Shabuk” like the farmer who persuades the cows to plow the fields to finish the work.
Many families have lost their homes and have had to build temporary shelters while the government has not taken the necessary relief measures. to repair their homes.
The General Council of the UDP will be held on the 29th of November.
“We understand that they should not interfere with the security of Meghalaya and their election.
The Minority Affairs Department should conduct its own investigation into the organization of the tournament so that the facts will be revealed as they should be.
“Of course, we understand that there is a desire and aspiration of the people to join the VPP or Prah.
In direct, children should collect questions and look at examples, this does not help either and in indirect, children often collect questions and chapters or analyze and evaluate each chapter.
It is learned that these trucks were intended to transport these cows through Tezpur to Meghalaya.
What is more interesting and encouraging to us voters is that the youth who have come forward in the political arena have come forward with the right attitude and position in the Rynsan VPP or Voice of the People's Party.
I don't know if I'm going to Shillong now.
Referring to the employment policy in the state, Khongsit said that the duty of the government has been done by the civil society, because the government, as it is now, has not been able to They have taken steps to employ the youth of the state, especially in the companies most of the time and it is the Seng Bhalang themselves who have to talk to the companies to contribute that percentage to employ the state residents.
Shillong, March 02: Several farmers who left their homes to khwai this morning, while walking on a part of the road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw, Ri Bhoi, have seen a road which has just been cleaned and cleansed.
Amlarem Social Club opened the scoring through Tiplang Rasmut 5′ while YC Pdengkarong opened the scoring through Wanbor Langshiang 7′.
In 2018, many youths have sacrificed their lives for the Them Metor, in which the state government has set up a High Level Committee to look into the issue. , but until now, this has not happened, said Bah Marngar.
“From this small incident alone, I don't think there will be any news that will spoil our film festival,” he said.
"It still touches my heart that we haven't won the Premier League even after 10 months against Manchester City," he said.
In his speech, the Governor said that the Christmas season is when people prepare their homes after harvesting their crops. people are wearing new clothes" and gave an example, that when he wanted to send suhjain, in a shop, the suhjain, the suhjain said, "Sir come after Christmas"
The tournament has also been regarded as an important and leading part of FIFA esports among the Member Associations of the world's largest football governing body.
At the same time, they demanded that the government should implement the crop insurance scheme so that the farmers can benefit when there are such incidents when the natural forces destroy the crops of our farmers.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Mawlai Circle Leader Process T Sawkmie congratulated the government through the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department for injecting about 20,000 cows, but there are still many. He said that many cattle breeders have suffered a lot and need their help.
Shillong: Members of the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA) have invited Bateithymmai Nongrum, son of Bah Tharsing Syiemlieh and Bah Biroda Nongrum, from Bynther Village, to compete in the “Yes I Am” competition. " Although this channel has not been able to hold the Grand Final yet, the interesting thing is that through this event the organizers of Yes I Am have opened the door for I Kong Batei to train the Grand Final. I was trained by Director Mr. Dilip Dutta (Music Director of Bollywood) and now I have been able to sing with Kumar Sonu in studios and I am preparing to sing. and other Bollywood gods.
They said that after they have left, they will decide where to join or support.
Nongstoiñ: The presence of shyiap in the Dew Lynnong Nongkhnum has also attracted many tourists to the area. It's as beautiful as the shyiap on the beach.
Shillong, July: The Mawphlang Week organized by the Mawphlang Youth Association has ended on Saturday night.
Regarding the curfew, the government will ensure that the security will be adequate to maintain peace and order.
Jowai, June 13: The Office of the General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai invites everyone to the District Level Industrial Exhibition, two (2) days to be held on the 19th and April 2023 at Ladthadlaboh Indoor Sports Hall Daimasi.
At the same time, they demanded that the full Syiem of Myrïaw Hima, should explain the tourism purpose of the statue, so that it will not confuse the people and the elders of the Hima.
The NPP has also warned its members that they have no right to appeal to the Supreme Court of India regarding the CAA
Brokenstar Warmalai scored the first goal for Mawryngkneng (50 & 56), but Banteilang Synnia (75 & 80) managed to turn the tide for Nongkseh.
He said that during the inspection, they found some delays in the implementation of the project and also found that the money from the Indian government department, is only releasing the first installment.
Dr. Ampareen also urged the MDCs of JHADC to elect her as their leader to the central government and to advocate for their issues especially in relation to the schemes that come through the central government.
A fire broke out at 6:30-6:45 pm and destroyed a shop at Iawthymme Market, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Sunday.
Furthermore, there was also the violence of the foreign troops against the Khasi especially within the Nongkhlaw Hima.
I have another suggestion for you pastors.
“After talking to the synsar traders, we understand that they have the authority to control the price of synsar whether they are traders from this state or traders from outside the state,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Speaking to Rupang on his journey before ascending to the throne, Paiem Ricky said that he taught for 11 years at Christ Church Mawlai but due to his low salary, he taught school for 11 years. had to give up this job.
And as you know, those who pass the class in exam 12 are very good.
Speaking to the gathering at Khyndailad, Ms RM Kurbah expressed her gratitude to the people who attended the event. It is expected that more than 500 participants will take part in the event. game to be played.
In a statement, the Seng Khihlang said that the damage not only affects the feelings of its members but is also a disrespect and violation of the right to freedom of belief and worship in any religion. as provided for in the Constitution.
It is also learned that the number of vehicles operating from Shillong-Guwahati has decreased from 10 to 3 or 4 per day.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The government's decision to set up the Dielang market in Mawiong has not benefited the farmers, as it cannot control the prices of agricultural products and the prices of agricultural products have been controlled. and that kharkaia.
Through this line of knowledge, they can learn more about the most accurate and efficient care of plants and animals through the Internet.
“If possible, the government authorities would like to extend the deadline as this road has not yet reached its target and the construction is only 6 km from 19.300m,” said the rangbah. village.
“Mynken Christian Higher Secondary School has been known as a sports school since ancient times because of its success in sports such as the Subroto Cup, which has won the award three times,” he said. Main.
The union also demanded that those involved in the shooting should be arrested immediately and punished according to the law, otherwise the union will take stronger action.
Therefore, the union would like to thank all those who have helped to take part in this tournament to showcase their talent in the field of football.
“It is easy to celebrate Christmas but it is difficult to speak the message of Christmas and even more difficult to write about it and the most difficult thing is to live the message,” he said.
We don't know how many of these 22 lakh voters will vote.
So far, 50 people have decided to take part and these are both men and women.
“The Government authorities have done what they should have done and have registered thousands of cases and thousands of people have been arrested and chargesheeted.
He also promised to work with the MLA of the area to bring the road to Khloo Blai for the convenience of the tourists.
“May God the Creator be with you so that you can work hard and do good in order to reap the holy fruit of your hard work, in the midst of the four corners of the earth. .
On the other hand, the MLA said that it is a great pleasure to be awarded, because it encourages you youth to work hard and study better for a brighter future.
BJP General Secretary Dipayan Chakraborty said the party meeting in Shillong on Tuesday also discussed the decline in law and order in Garo Hills.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, today said that the District Committee of West Khasi Hills District will hold a meeting on the 4th of this month. Inspection of four areas in the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya.
He said that Wapungskur Village is the best place to have this government department as it is the center of many villages in the area.
The children of Hynniewtrep know how to take care of themselves.
The riots in the state broke out on 3rd June 2022, in which about 70 people were killed in the ethnic violence that lasted for nearly a month.
The residents of the area have alleged that these Bangladeshis used to come to these villages which are still on the border with India. They entered the Umngi River to steal the stone, shyiap and property of the people living in these villages Dangar Dop and Lalpani.
At least five people, including two students, were injured, while schools were closed as part of the government's mandated safety measures.
He said that it is necessary to improve the quality of education from the villages in the State so that the children can receive a quality education from the beginning.
JSU Demthring Unit leaders and members include President Ryngkat Sanbor Diengdoh, Vice President Nangteiborbha Ryngkhlem, General Secretary Justify Ryngkhlem, Assistant Secretary Sa-O-Ni Dabiang Talang, Finance Secretary Control Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Dawanki Ryngkhlem, Education Pynsanlang Dkhar, arts & cultural secretary Pynshailang Dkhar, organizing secretary Ridajied Talang and sports secretary Kyrkhu Ryngkhlem.
“Assam Don Bosco University will hold its 7th convocation on 8th September 2018 at Tapesia campus.
Four houses were badly damaged in the incident. The BDO of Resubelpara Block, Leena D Sangma, said that she has sent Gram Sevaks to take stock of the damage. These incidents will be reported to the Wildlife Department.
After receiving this information, the KSU Balat Border Unit leaders have met with the Syiem of Bhowal Hima, Pa'iem Kynsai N Syiem to explain that the Hima should not allow these people. people who come from abroad to get employment as citizens of India.
The most important part of the Lehniam began in the afternoon at Aitnar- the holy pool.
Ardent took this step to force the state government to amend the Reservation Policy, which he said has favored the Garo more than the Khasi, due to the large number of public.
Police received a call at about 1:47 pm about the robbery of a shop in the 400 Block of Lake Avenue.
The North East Students Organization (NESO) is a group of students in the North East who have strongly opposed the BJP-led NDA government. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) has been amended to open the door to citizenship for Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan. who are persecuted in the name of religion.
When asked about the cooperation with the HSPDP, he said, “For the 2023 election, there will be no cooperation between the HSPDP and the UDP, but there will be only mutual understanding”.
Shillong: The NEHU Students Union (NEHU) today launched an indefinite strike to protest against the failure of the administration to release the results of the sixth semester.
Rain said she was trained by Jois in Mysore, India, for two years in the 1990s.
For non-Christians and those who have not received enough information, they will find it very difficult to understand about these Christians because they go to their own groups, but they are easier to recognize. Hindus, or Muslims, Buddhists and others because they belong to the same group and their beliefs.
On this occasion, the KSU went to the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District to inform them on two major issues, the destruction of farmland by wild boars and the peace and order in Mawkyrwat.
Kylie Jenner, who is also a model, has revealed that she doesn't care what others say about her. her right to do as she pleases with her own face.
She said that in Meghalaya the infant mortality rate is high, in Bengal women are respected, all the schemes launched are focused on helping women whether it is in the country. Kanyashree, where girls will have the opportunity to study free of charge from school to university.
According to police sources, Rymphang Marwein was found by the Ri Bhoi Police, who was in critical condition at Shangbangla Village and after this the police took him to the Civil Hospital. Nongpoh Hospital, for treatment, but due to serious illness, he was shifted to Civil Hospital Shillong.
On the other hand, the President of FKJGP Nongstoin Circle, Samla Chandra Nongdkhar said that the bridge which started from the Irrigation Office will also connect many villages including Tiehsaw Mawrusyiar. to relieve traffic jam in Nongstoin.
Dharmendra and Sunny Deol will stay in the US for about 20 days for medical treatment of Dharmendra, who is now 87 years old.
“No, but you must come out, because the case is still pending against your enemies.
The qualifying date will be 1st January 2021 for the preparation of the Electoral Rolls.
Thus Satan was cast out of heaven from heaven to heaven.
Jha has already filed his nomination from the constituency as an independent candidate and the polling will be held tomorrow.
Speaking to media, the Sordar of Mawpdang and the village officials, Bah Issac Syiem, said that the village has decided to hand over the land of the village to the government for the construction of the village. New Shillong, on an area of ​​1800 acres.
It will be a huge loss for the United Democratic Party (UDP), where one of its members, Samuel Sangma, will soon join the BJP. .
Forest personnel have arrived at the scene but have found it difficult to remove the tree as they have to wait for MeECL personnel to remove the electricity post.
Mana from heaven 40 years.
Regarding those who live abroad and come to work every day in Meghalaya, the district authorities will issue Health Cards, but they have to test themselves every 10 days, while others have to test themselves every 10 days. Those who come from abroad have to undergo RTPCR Test and while they are waiting for the report test they should set slung themselves. To enter the state, they must provide their name, full address and phone number.
He said that in India they don't know about District Councils because there are only 10 in the North East.
They also said that the water in the hostel is not suitable for use because it is dirty and they do not want to set up an isolation ward in the hostel. Foreigners are not allowed to stay inside this hostel.
Regarding the complaint that there are contractors who build roads and these roads do not last long, Prestone replied, “We have discussed the Quality Control and we will put There are strict and strong laws and regulations, so that any contractors who carry out any work, must be thorough and complete the work on time”.
If 240.5 acres go to Meghalaya and 41.7 acres to Bangladesh, where are the other 278 acres?” Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Seng Khasi (Seng Kmie) today completed the ' I was born at Mawkhar Shillong.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that if anyone is found drinking drugs or trafficking inside and outside the Lawmali Forest, they will be punished. They are arrested under the provisions of the Meghalaya Police Act and the NDPS Act.
He said the ceasefire is not the way to reach peace but the way to bring about a situation where people can talk and find a way to resolve the problems.
A government source said they have asked the state government to send a report on the loss of income from the NGT ban on coal mining.
East Khasi Hills has 41 new cases, including 13 soldiers, 17 high risk contacts and 4 foreigners.
However, the Government of Meghalaya through the Agriculture Department headed by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has not allowed the company to supply the fertilizer which is not in stock of the company. The Government of Meghalaya has not been able to renew or renew the Fertilizer Registration License of this Company.
Rahul Gandhi, who is greeting those who met him in Jowai, on Tuesday: Rupang.
The training course will start tomorrow and continue till 28th June sponsored by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The cause of the overturning of the Night Super Bus, was when the driver of the bus drove too fast and when he reached the higher place. Khongdong could not control the vehicle, which caused the vehicle to overturn, which caused injuries to the passengers and the vehicle was badly damaged.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The State Government has requested financial assistance from the Central Government for the construction of an Administrative City and a Knowledge City in New Shillong Township (NST).
For more information, it may be recalled that Persara Phan Nonglait was named after the wife of Sir Akbar Hydari and was known as Laday Hydary Park; and the people remember it to this day.
He said that without the memory of the deeds and sacrifices of these heroes who gave their lives which led to independence, we cannot move forward.
The Vice President of the HYC, Samla Donbok Kharlyngdoh, arrived late after returning from the venue, but when he arrived at the venue, the police bombed and tied him. to avoid fragments of the head and he managed to leave the scene.
“The four organizations demand from the government through the district authorities and as a sign of condolences to all the victims, that they should first suspend all programs such as festivals and other entertainment events. .
If this is the case, the ethnic parties in Meghalaya will now remain a shynrong without principles and it is also a shame and disgrace in front of the whole world.
“Robinus T.Sangma, as a school teacher, is loved and recognized by the people and he has no doubt that he will win this election. “It's not like we're on social media but we're doing our job on the ground,” he said.
Arab countries have strongly condemned Israel over the clashes in Jerusalem and the Gaza Strip.
Meghalaya scored 71/5 runs and 43 runs.
ATMANIRBHAR OIL SEEDS ABHIYAN In the Interim Budget 2024-25 presented by the Union Minister in charge of Finance, Nirmala Sitharaman, she said that a mechanism will be developed to reach the Atmanirbharta for oilseeds such as mustard, groundnut, sesame, soybean, and sunflower.
Shylla said the purpose of the no confidence motion is not to overthrow the CEM but to get the opportunity to discuss many issues especially those which the UDP has raised in the letter of explanation. “If we don't bring the NC, it's better for us to discuss especially when the CEM wants us to discuss in the dorbar and not to write in the newspapers as he said,” said Bah HS Shylla. “I also express my regret that the party has not allowed us to bring in the NC,” he said.
On the part of the Joint Director Commerce & Industries, Bah ML Wanshong in his speech, he congratulated the organizers of this program which is also a special opportunity for the farmers of Larnai and Tyrshang.
While I have a feeling on this, I will accept the decision of the ECI," he told reporters.
The 'Bharat Ke Veer' initiative of the Government has donated about Rs 5.57 crore since 2016 to the families of 44 soldiers who sacrificed their lives.
Dr.FR Shadap Secretary Meghalaya Veterinary Services Association Jaintia Hills District Unit.
“Education has declined significantly, schools in the state have many problems, teachers have many problems, this has led to the failure of education in the state. “The education policy of the central government has not been implemented in the state,” he said.
The ox, because the horse is stronger and can also move faster; but the cow is better able to withstand the heat and other difficulties than the horse.
The number of confirmed cases has dropped to 24.95 lakh and in the past 24 hours, 2,95,955 people have recovered from the disease.
The BJP today hoisted its flags in many parts of Shillong, including the highway, from the Governor's House to the helicopter parking lot. in the ninth century, where the flags of the lotus were placed, on the branches of trees, on the trees of the garden and so on along the roads.
Rebecca has been visiting the villages these days to encourage the youth to prepare for the National Games in
Of course, there are engineers and politicians who don't believe that the money is used to build roads or water supply, or to build an Assembly.
Let me convene the Dorbar in the coming days to complete this task and on the same day we will appoint a new Rangbah Shnong.
The Chief Minister said that Meghalaya has to import 50 percent of its meat and therefore, he advised the farmers to take this opportunity to increase meat production.
The price of liquor at Jowai and Laskeiñ depots will be Rs.86.50 and at Shangpung will be Rs.89.40 per litre.
Among others, Tej Bahadur Yadav, a BSF soldier, who was dismissed for complaining about the poor food supply to the soldiers at work, has received T.16,7 against Prime Minister Narendra Modi in Varanasi.
I don't think there's anything wrong with making such a basis.
“If the Government continues to do so, it will discourage many youngsters who want to improve in sports and even parents will not be able to encourage their children to participate in sports. " the statement said.
Skhemborlang Marweiñ won the Pro Fight Night of the National Muaythai Championship which ended yesterday at SKR Engineering College Nazareth, Tamil Nadu.
The vehicle carrying the unidentified man fled the scene.
The AIF has also prepared an aircraft to deliver emergency medicines to the affected areas. The Public Health Engineering Department has been directed to increase the number of water tanks and hand pumps to meet the needs of the victims. need water.
