Rajasthan opened the scoring in the 12th minute, but Lajong turned the tide through Kynsaibor in the 25th minute.
There were 25 clubs in this year's tournament and they were divided into four groups; Tura (Chandmari Stadium), Mawkyrwat (MDSA Stadium), Shillong (Third Ground, Polo Stadium) and Jowai (Kiang Nangbah Stadium).
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lahkmen said it is necessary to encourage the people who manage the forests.
At this time when the state is preparing for the five-year examination of public leaders, how beautiful it is to see the hard work of the candidates to appear and compete with their preparations.
In 1969, when FIFA conducted its first training course for managers in Japan under the leadership of German manager Dettmar Cramer, Banerjee was able to register for for participation in this training program and who has returned home with a 1st Class Degree.
Shillong:The Dorbar of San Kur Khatwei Kur of the Raid Mylliem has decided at its meeting held on 23.04.2019 that there will be no rituals and customs in the Hima Mylliem as usual every year at Iew. Mylliem Rim on 11th June 2019 at 11 am.
Meanwhile, Thapa and the family members were still in the church.
The services will be held at the well prepared ground near the Mawpynthih Presbyterian Church.
Dabiang Law scored two goals 71' & 74' for Khliehmuchut.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, President of the Association, said that this blood donation is part of the celebration of this day and also to encourage others to come forward to donate blood. donate blood to save other souls in need of blood in times of illness.
Likewise, Regulation No.5 of 1952 shall not be allowed to be interfered with by anyone, as it is the sign of the accession of the 25 Khasi States into India. The repeal of Regulation No. 5 of 1952 means that it wants us to leave India.
Besides Dr. Lumbor, Playing Dkhar was elected as the Vice President of NYWO, Wanllamkupar Marwein was elected as the General Secretary, Donborlin Dkhar was elected as the Treasurer, Ephoda Dkhar was elected as the Vice President. CP Byrsat and Maitlynti Lyngkhoi along with 11 Executive Members.
And that was the solid evidence.
She has also taken part in performances at the State, National and International Levels where she has received recognition and praise from many churches.
The source said that the UDP Pynursla circle will invite applications for candidates who have the desire to contest the 2018 MLA elections.
Because there is no law, farmers from other areas cannot complain if they are destroyed.
Similarly, foreign passengers from Assam, Tripura, Mizoram and other neighboring states, who used to pass through this road from East Jaintia Hills District, told reporters, They expressed their concern over the deterioration of the road and said that this has affected not only the traffic but also the beauty of the place and spoiled the beauty of the state as a whole. , Not only that, they said that it has caused them a lot of trouble in coming and going from time to time, they have been involved in traffic jams for many hours and this has caused problems especially to those who are sick. as well as those who need to pursue urgent tasks.
The Seng Kutsnem is a celebration of the faith in God the Creator according to the religious philosophy that has been instilled in the humanity of the Khasi Khara from the beginning.
Meanwhile, Conrad met the Minister in charge of DoNER, Dr Jitender Singh and submitted a petition on the incident.
In a meeting with government officials in Nongpoh, the Deputy Commissioner's Office also gave an explanation on the implementation of various development works through those schemes for which this district has been selected as say the Aspirational District.
So he looked inside and saw Tymmenbasan.
Mukul said the program would ensure that electricity consumers would be able to easily pay and choose according to their consumption and no longer need to maintain the electricity bill.
In this regard, the Mawhati Block Congress Committee (MCBC) has demanded that the article should be removed immediately.
"Why didn't you form the Hindu Maha Sabha?" In 1906, Nawab Waqur-ul-Mulk founded a Muslim political party.
Sagar was the first to move from his seat above the MP seat. After moving inside, he jumped from one bench to another.
It was also directed that signs should be erected around the pond or well and also that the pond should be covered with dewbilat.
Khliehriat, Nailur 28: The Ministry of Agriculture and Farmers Welfare, in collaboration with the Ministry of Agriculture, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that the Meghalaya will soon conduct the 11th Agriculture Census 2021-2
Brad Pitt is still in court for the release of his wife, Angelina Jolie; but at the same time, he got a new girlfriend and she is a beautiful girl from Germany and her name is Nicole Poturalski.
The Prime Minister announced these two measures, the provision of drones to women's SHGs and the increase in the number of Jan Aushadhi Kendras from 10,000 to 25,000 in his speech on the occasion. Independence of the country this year.
Principal Secretary GHP Raju said, “The employees at the gates will have to wear their IDs like the police. because we don't know who is collecting money, whether they are robbers, illegal collectors or criminals".
In the FIR lodged with the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills today, President RK Dutta and Secretary Bah A Marwein alleged that Manas through the implementation committee for 21 Mawprem Constituency. Secretary Pinak Gupta and Treasurer Bhattacharjee were accused of misusing government schemes in the constituency.
On the other hand, NEROCA FC head coach Jacob MJ Joseph said, “The time is short for the team to prepare due to the incident in Manipur which has prevented us from getting full time to prepare. "It's a good idea, but we hope to play a good game and win the title.
He rejected Dr Mukul Sangma's allegation by saying that it was a mistake by Mukul Sangma because he did not understand what would happen in his term.
Speaking to media on Saturday, Jairam Ramesh said that only the Congress party understands the uniqueness of the ethnic groups and fights to protect their rights through the laws passed in the Constitution. ritual regime of the country.
He also congratulated the leaders and members of the party who, according to him, have been the leaders and supporters in many ways to provide services to the people of the state.
Although through this event, the Government hopes that the participants will be able to compete well in their respective disciplines, the Government also expects that in the coming years they will also be able to participate. “It's a good idea to participate in national and international competitions like the Olympics,” he said.
But in the midst of this destruction of Nineveh, the word of God came to Nahum as one of the prophets and said, “The Lord is good, a stronghold in the day of trouble; to those who trust in you.
Bipul Thangkhiew said that the village leaders have also informed that in a meeting with the Prime Minister recently on the 9th of July at the Secretariat, the Prime Minister promised in front of the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnong Raid Nongtung that All the Khasi villages have been included in the second phase of the demarcation, but what is surprising is that earlier in the meeting with Dr Mukul Sangma, it was shown to the village leaders through computers that all the Khasi villages fall under the Meghalaya according to the report in 2011, which as the village leaders have expressed their great satisfaction, but after the village leaders have asked for the map in the past few days, it has shocked the village leaders that they have only Four villages appear on the map while other villages have disappeared, which shows that they have disappeared from Meghalaya.
I just want to make it clear that all those who trade without documents especially those who are not Khasi cannot trade without a Trading License issued by the District Council,” said Bah Pynïaid.
There was an unknown Nongphlang who decided to take the Tongsoh from the hands of Tangkasiar.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has extended the term of office of the employees who should have retired from 31st March 2018 at two posts at Mawmluh Cherra Cement. Ltd (MCCL); They are the posts of General Manager and Sr.
Deimon said that there are about 15 policemen living in Lapangap, but when they visited the Assam police, there were only a few.
Debraj explained more about the SBI Quick App and others related to Digital Banking.
He is also reviewing the preparations for the construction of the road from Dainadubi, Darugre to Williamnagar which has been funded under the Bharatmala scheme.
“I would like to inform you that in the last one year, 181 cases have been registered against drug traffickers and 224 persons have been arrested, 37 of whom are young women,” he said. told.
Vanessa Majaw, Bachelor of Social Work, Women's College, gave a welcome speech.
Throughout the past 52 years, the society, income and governance in Meghalaya has declined steadily and is plagued by crime.
However, he said there was no point in demanding the abolition of the Special Court and it was up to the government.
At the time of planting, the sky should not be too hot or too cold, but the soil should have enough moisture for the seed to germinate.
Sahsniang-Saba-Mukroh Stone.
With the involvement of the State Government, the work has now become more complicated.
The Sordar, with the assistance of MDC Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, has handed over the land of the village to the Sordar. police department without any consultation and a public meeting to discuss this.
Sandy Stone Kharshandi of Hurdles Club scored 31 runs from 25 balls while Arnold Shadap took four wickets. Mebanshan Kharsati took two wickets in 3.3 overs.
In the second half, Demthring beat Catholic Youth 1-0 through Dangkermi O Ryngkhlem in the 26th minute.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that before the number of cases reaches 5000, the government has decided to impose a curfew in many districts where the disease has spread. However, there is a spread of this disease in the state and if the government does not take any decision in these days, the spread of this disease has become more serious. more in the state.
According to Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, the cost of the celebration will not be less than 30-40 lakh tyngka.
He said the flags have been part of the culture of India and are also symbols of dharma since ancient times.
Sd/- Teras Dkhar President Seiñ Kur Dkhar, East Jaintia Hills.
The UDP, which has only 12 MLAs, will not be willing to leave because even without the UDP, the MDA 2.0 Government will still have a majority of 34 MLAs. The 34 MLAs are the 26 MLAs of the NPP, the 2 MLAs of the BJP, the 2 MLAs of the PDF and the 2 MLAs of the HSPDP. and these are the 2 MLAs themselves.
Raijs like Mukhla, Khliehtyrchi and others have completed their Chad Sukra, while Raids like Ialong will hold their Chad Sukra and Noh Sakyriat on the 25th of this month.
The Seng in this meeting demanded that an open tender should be called and is against getting only one company especially foreign companies.
During the protest, the Youth Congress slogan condemned the BJP and its leaders as well as the NDA government. She also demanded that all BJP members should leave the party if they have a responsibility for their children. If the bill becomes law, the ethnic groups in the region will be overwhelmed by the Bangladeshi refugees.
Many casual workers, who said that the government has treated them too badly, in which besides receiving low salaries, also the lack of proper salaries and putting the casual workers in poverty. for the purpose of providing for the needs of the household.
“Because of the non-recognition of the Khasi as ST by the Assam government, many Khasi from the Khasi villages in the Barak Valley do not receive any government schemes or government jobs,” he added.
Khliehriat, November 14: The Chief Engineer of Public Works Department (PWD-Roads) today invited online bids for the construction of Rymbai Road. RBBJ-Road is a road in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
The incident occurred after a dispute with tourist taxi drivers who belonged to the Khasi community.
Arphul has been charged with the office burning incident in West Khasi Hills while Lamphrang Kharbani and Ganshnga have not been released on bail. SMS messages were found between them who intended to make a statue of Dr. Mukul Sangma for burning.
Furthermore, the Dorbar Shnong of Wapungskur Village which was held on the 1st of this month in the presence of the Dolloi has elected other new Village Officers.
Before the distribution of the CAU R-1 seeds, a speech was delivered by Ma KL Pariat, Chairman and Leader of the organization, who expressed his gratitude to the rice and jhur farmers, who are the saviors. to the Mei ramew and especially to those who strengthen the Myntdu and Tyrchi rivers which flow from the village of Khlieftyrchi to the Myntdu River.
He said that if the government completes this small road, it will be a great blessing to the residents of this area, because through this road it will bring peace to the people in the area. especially for those people from Mawtari, Nongbah Myndon and others, when they intend to go to Nongpoh.
Our target is to increase the contribution of tourism to GSDP from the current 3% to 15% over the next 15 years.
Dr Manjunatha urged the cow farmers to allow the department officials to inject their cows as this will protect the cows from LSD. and those who have diseases shall be healed.
The National Horticulture Board (NHB) in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Agriculture Marketing Board (MSAMB) and the Directorate of Horticulture, Meghalaya has organized a Cluster Development Program Krishi Mela. farmers' fair to raise awareness among the public about agriculture and to market their products.
Shillong, Jymmang 2 : The NPP Candidate from Sohra Constituency, Bah Alan West Kharkongor today honored the 24 Five Khasi youths selling and offering shana to different villages in Laitlyngkot and Nongkynrih areas at a public meeting of the party held at Madan Sylli Sning in Lailtyngkot today.
The Raid Mawshuit has complained that it has not received a full sordar for five years now because the dorbar has not been convened. KHADC u Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to complain about the absence of dorbar and at the meeting a dorbar was sent but it was not held.
But Ukrainian Defense Ministry officials said the ability of Ukrainian forces to fight and defend the city's border for months was a victory for them and the Ukraine as a whole.
The number of cases of Coronavirus in Haryana has risen to 221 today, with the new cases from Nuh and Panchkula districts.
According to sources, the postponement of the hearing today was due to the time constraints in which one of the judges had to leave in the middle of the hearing. In the first hearing on 30th July, the Court ordered both the parties to bring the Reservation of Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe Act and Rules of Meghalaya. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes issued by the Central Government.
Thus, it was drawn from the face of the heirs as it was drawn and created the most beautiful portrait according to the heritage of the kpoh long syiem and also to match the true age before the death of Tirot Sing Syiem. about forty years old.
He said the BJP has used the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma for the past five years and now that it does not need him anymore, it has broken the condition.
He said that the BJP government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi will form a government in Delhi and the BJP MPs from Meghalaya will give a lot of opportunities to Meghalaya which has been facing increasing shortage of funds. amount.
“Congratulations to Nambie Jessica for becoming the 1st Runner Up on MasterChef India! Your journey has been an interesting experience of your own.
He said that there are many people who try to talk about the elections here and there to say that the vote doesn't work, but the Khasi people know Briew Tip Blei, know how to thank people who do good especially when they have done well. dead from the earth, but those who cannot work even while alive also reject.
I don't see the hard work of my father...I don't know.
The chorus was sung by the choir 'The Carpenters' and 'The Carpenters – Please Mr. Postman'
“I don't think the Kur will be able to take back the land because the value of the buildings is worth lakhs of crores and if the Nongkhlaw Kur wants to take back, it will have to pay for all the houses and buildings. ", he said.
The death of Paul Makri shook the Jaidbynriew and the fierce protest continued for a year.
Shillong, November 29: The Executive Committee of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District (UVHA) on Tuesday 28th November, 2015 has strongly condemned the introduction of the Act by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma. The Amendment Bill, 2015, which prohibits MLAs from holding the post of MDC at the same time, has been rejected by the Rangbah Shnongs. They also strongly condemned those who supported Dr. Mukul Sangma who supported him despite the opposition from the opposition that if implemented, it should be implemented from 2019 or sent to the Select Committee.
Speaking to media, the UDP and HSPDP leaders who met on Tuesday night, said that the desire to introduce a new Office Memorandum is because the current one has to be operating since 1972.
At the same time, he said that those people tried to burn down the house.
The 1,000 athletes will also receive a scholarship of T.5 lakh for training to participate in foreign sporting events such as the Asian Games, Commonwealth Games and Olympics.
“Is this the way it works, that even the Municipalities can buy medicines, or is it for the Government of India to buy for them?
The District Magistrate said that the strike ban will continue to ensure that the people receive assistance at any time of emergency. work for up to 6 consecutive months.
It is worth mentioning that the reason why these family members have rejected the order by the health authorities to undergo test and home quarantine, is after the authorities The Civil Hospital Shillong, Shillong, has announced that the buried man has died of COVID-1
Because the University is located in Meghalaya, it does not respect the public holiday announced by the government in these days as it has been published in the Almanac.
On the day of the formation of the group, which was held at Mawtari, there was an election of the leaders and members of the group, so that they can work for many jobs, which related to this Raid.
The Budnar Shadow Squad (BSS), which acts as the Special Forces of the HNLC, carried out the attack.
The work is done, but the money is gone.
Speaking to media, Bah Samborlang said that he went to join the AITC on 20th July 2022 but after the election campaign started he saw that there was a lot of fighting among the political parties. world which is something else that he himself does not approve of in such a way.
Speaking on the occasion, the President Rangbah of the party said, “There are many challenges and difficulties faced by the jaidbynriew.
There were also many Dkhar (Khylah jait) husbands who married Khasi women and left them immediately.
The Government has had the opportunity to pass this Bill without any discussion and objection from the Opposition.
There are some organizations that oppose the erection of shiah signs, but the Government of India and the State Government have gone their own way to erect signs in areas free from opposition; However, as it happens, the theft, exploitation and trust in companies, rather than land owners, is what has upset many villagers and that we see these days, how they Sengbhalang and land owners are angry with War Jaintia and this shows that there is a lack of attention of the State Government and when this is the case it has frightened many land owners to allow the signboards on their land. .
Donald V Thabah said that the party has sent letters from time to time and in 2019 the party has sent a letter to the central government regarding the CAA including the implementation of the ILP. and also to introduce the Khasi language, but the central government has stopped at the examination.
The exchange of gunfire continued throughout the night," a statement from the army said.
According to police sources, the deceased was identified as Ramprasad Neogi (50) and had been working at the Oxygen Plant for about 20 years. On the night of the 26th, he came to work at 10 pm for night duty and entered the room where the pump was located to register. The guard of the factory found the body of the man at 11:30 pm sitting on a chair with injuries to his head.
At Holy Holy Child School, there is one case and then there are many other cases at Marias Public School, where there are also parents, who have also tested positive.
The event was attended by the President of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee, Smt. Rimaya Manar and on behalf of the Rural Urban Development Society were present.
However, God had already chosen Israel to be His instruments of war in these last days.
“When we started in 2018, we talked about Natural Resource Management (NRM) and we understand that we need to have a policy for water because without this it cannot be achieved.
He added that in the past years the Raid has not been able to complete the ritual.
When searching for truth from the Bible and world history, biblical scholars have found that Jesus died on the cross on Friday.
However, if it is necessary, it should not be done immediately. There should be an understanding from the state government, the civil society and those people who are in those areas.
Therefore, Chinese Vice President Han Zheng said that China can do whatever it wants regarding the dew lynnong which is the rightful part of its own.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Langkyrdin area near Nongmensong this evening has been flooded due to heavy rainfall which lasted for only 10 hours.
During the two months of the ksing, there will also be a dance training at the Mawkhar Seng Hall from 5:30 to 8 pm every day.
He said that this year in November, the village will be illuminated again with lights and various decorations to attract more people from all over the country.
The DC will agree to convene a meeting of various groups including the people who earn their living from quarrying and including the Rangbah Shnong,” he said.
Rev. SC Diengngan Director of SELDD and Rev. Bidonbok Syiem incharge of SELDD told reporters that this race is a sign of bringing about equality of people in the society. all, whether they are lame or crippled in any part of the body.
In the article, the Father of Nongstoin Diocese targeted Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of Shillong North Constituency by accusing him of being a fanatic in Meghalaya. Legislative Assembly.
“If there are any issues they don't understand about the smart meter project, they can contact the government to clarify their doubts,” Sangma said.
Regarding this, SBYWA demands that Jio Company should provide network by strengthening the tower in Lama village and if they do not do anything, the SBYWA will appeal to the The President of the Seng, Bah Skhembor Shadap, said in a statement.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) should cover all the residents especially in the rural areas.
On the other hand, the AYWO said that the union will not allow foreigners to come to these markets without any verification that they have been inspected to verify that they do not have the rights. They also urged the authorities to promote the jhur produced in the state in the village markets even though the production of these jhur is still low.
Therefore, the union immediately sent out these foreigners from Mawbah village, where there are about 100 foreigners.
The deadline for submission of entry fees to the Hon. General Secretary is on or before 8th December, 2023 at 2 pm. For more information, please call 9485432298/9
Mt.4:4 “But he answered and said, It is written, Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God”.
Therefore, Bah War said that it is time for the youth to stand on their own feet to support themselves.
The union's guidelines include that male and female students should not wear uniforms or civil dress to colleges/training centres.
The selection will also be judged on the basis of the records of these players at the District, State, National and International Levels and also on the basis of tests according to the year and sap which you don.
Khasi greenstones have been found slightly west of Sohiong and Mawphlang and on the Ryngkew Mawlong Hill which is the highest hill of the Mawphlang Hima.
Rapid antigen test and BD Veritor test," Musk tweeted.
In Nongkrem constituency, two Lambors have applied for tickets, Lambor Nongrum and Lambor Malngiang.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah D Suiam, Cultural Secretary of SKK, said that with the assistance of the state government, the performance will be witnessed from Khyndailad through the LED screens installed at the venue.
The Minister said that in order not to burden the work of doctors, nurses and health workers, he appealed to the people of the state to follow exactly the rules. The Government has issued a notice to the public to take care of themselves and to avoid the spread of the disease.
Vehicles passing through this road have to turn around.
On the part of the owners and drivers of autos, they urged the BJP government to listen to the suffering of the people over the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
Regarding the MLA's ability to meet many of the needs of the people in the village, the village leaders, women and youth of the village, praised Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, by They expressed that he is indeed that leader who looks after the problems of the people and who is ready to help when the people go to ask him.
Shillong: An Indian Army chief has been killed in a road accident in Meghalaya, police said.
Those involved have been informed to go to the hospital within two days to collect the body.
On arrival at the village, many of the parents came to meet Rupang to express their grievances and the reason why they have not received the ration which is their right which the government of India has given them. they were separated.
At the time of writing, Peter said that the patients are still waiting at the private doctor's shop for treatment.
Shillong, Naitung 6: U Shri Dinesh Rai, Shillong, on the morning of the 6th of this month, as usual, went to open his mobile shop at Paltan Bazar, Shillong. Up to 60 mobile phones worth T.7,60,000 were stolen from his mobile phone warehouse. Police are investigating the incident.
The winners of the 1st Shillong Para Arm Fight Championship 2023 are: Under 30 kg (HI) Girls1st – Dateihun Lawai 2nd – Saphi Bansan Mawlein (S for Hearing Handicapped Children)3rd – Christine Kharshiing (School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children)Below 40 kg (HI) Girls1st – Pearna Dohtdong (Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive School)2nd – Jemika Timungpi (Ferrando Shefarny – Hengryh Centre and (School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children)Below 45 kg (HI) Girls1st – Youlika Nongrum (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Manika Pasi (School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children)3rd – Iaisahlang Malowaflong 5 As (Mewgha) kg (HI) Girls1st – Aisilda Thabah (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Gwjwnshri Baglari (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)3rd – Anjudica Thyrniang (School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children) Heisas0 Girls0 k1Above (Above Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Kateni Ashiirhii (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)3rd – Maryjubilee Marap (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)Below 40 kg (HI) Boys1st – Calvissonwell Kharbteng (Jyoti Rando School)2Frumd Inclu – DondFroat Speech and Hearing Centre)3rd – Phyrnai Bakmen Shabong (School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children)Below 45 kg (HI) Boys1st – Karbar Kjor (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)2nd – Pynshailang Suchiang (Jyoti Sroat Pasi (Shai School)3 School and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children)Below 50 kg (HI) Boys1st – Micheal Rymbai (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Kordor Mynsong (Individual)3rd – Narayan Nongsteng (Individual)Below) Syiem Boys15 kg (HI) Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Gokia Bikap (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)3rd – Skhembor L.Mawlong (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)Above 55 kg (HI) Boys1st – Rajit Tisso (Ferrandoring – Hearing) Speechre and R.Dkhar (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)3rd – Moris Taro (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)Visually Impaired Girls1st – Nzano Shitio (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)2nd – Amabilis Mulieh (Jyoti Sroat – Eingoathro Inclumisayoti School)3rd Inclusive School)Below 50kg (VI) Boys1st – Mar-e-lad Kanai (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)2nd – Johnborlang Pyngrope (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)3rd – Nihi Lamare (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)Above 50kg (VI) Boys1st – Daman Boys1st Talang (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)2nd – Krishna Phawa (Blind Lead Trust)Below 50kg (MR) Girls1st – Kum Lalrinmawii (Asha School, Happy Valley)2nd -Babiangdaphi Ryntathiang (Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)3rd (Dwarmita Baruah Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)Above 50kg (ID) Girls1st – Inkerhaka Wahlang (Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School)2nd – Pooja Dey (Asha School, Happy Valley)3rd – Arufa Khanam (Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Edkkg)Below ID )45 Boys1st – Epa Pharsh E.Shylla (Rev.Amirkha School for Disabled)2nd – Emenson Syiemlieh (Mairang Vidyajyoti Inclusive Secondary School)3rd – Ebinwell Khyllait(Rev.Amirkha School for Disabled)Below 55kg (ID) Boys1st – W Namenjrisan ( K. Mary Rice Center for Special Education)2nd – Raphael Bhalang Wankhar (Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)3rd – Wanpynkhraw Kharumnuid (Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)Above 55kg (ID) Boys1st – Dashanki Deini Educational (Mary Rice) Special Rice 2nd – Joshua Aonok Nonglait (Rev.Amirkha School for Disabled) 3rd – Bobby Jury Rynjah (Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)For Sitting Girls1st – Prisca Pyngrope (Bethany Society)For Sitting Boys (left hand)1st – Wanlambok L.Marbaniang Individual)2nd – Akhia Dondor Majaw ((Dwar Jingkyrmen Center For Special Education)Para Sitting Boys (right hand)1st – Hubert Lyngdoh Nonglait (NEHU)2nd – Na-o Pakem (Jyoti Sroat Inclusive School)3rd – Graham Jones Kharnarbi (Individual )For Standing (LD) Open Category Boys1st – Damanbha Kharbihkhiew (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre)2nd – Balbanstar Nongsiej (Individual)3rd – Mawkordorbaremdor Makdoh (Ferrando Speech and Hearing Centre) te – BoysNathaniel KharsnaitangHamebansan LyngdohTop TeamFerrando Speech and Hearing Center (165 points)Discipline TeamSchool and Center for Hearing Handicapped Children.
However, this incident shows that the BSF have been found to have abandoned their duties and to have misused the shooting of people which is an illegal act 'because in fact they “It's not like we're going to shoot at the air or at the tire of the car, we're going to shoot dead,” he said.
The delegation, which arrived on Saturday, visited the seed farm, research center and herbal medicines related to the preparation of seeds from the laboratory for planting in the ground according to the needs of the farmers. under the Himalayan Bioresource Mission scheme.
For the state government under the leadership of Conrad K. Sangma, the hosting of the Meghalaya Games in Tura is an opportunity to promote sports in the state and Conrad's intention is to hold the Olympic Games in Tura. various performers in the state, has encouraged the performers that although they have not yet been able to develop their talents, they have the opportunity to compete not only in the state, but also abroad.
Therefore, if the police do not have the strong evidence they should refrain from arresting our members just through the mention of the tower.
He said that it was not as alleged that T.75 lakh was allocated for the award but he said that the allocation was T.52 lakh. The Nonbah Unit has started collecting funds for about two months but now due to the death of Bah Hoping, the fundraising has been suspended.
“We have taken this special decision only for 3,635 employees and this does not include other ad-hoc employees except these,” he added.
“Yes, I don't know what to say.
This means that after darkness comes light and after folly comes wisdom.
Russian troops have reportedly entered eastern parts of Kyiv and at least 18 people have been killed in fighting near Odessa, Ukraine.
He said that the spurding from these factories is like a garbage dump or a garbage dump which has put the river in danger. tremendous.
Nithyananda, whose full name is Rajashekharan, is from Tamil Nadu and in 2010, he made headlines for allegedly raping an actress and reportedly raping her. The actress was also arrested.
At the closing ceremony, RBYF President Bipul Thangkhiew, Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, Dipul Ryntathiang, Village Leaders of Nongsangu and many elders of the area were present.
What remains now is to count the votes of the voters or electors of the candidates who have nominated themselves for the post of MDC. In Jaintia Hills, as we know, the polling stations are in Khliehriat, Jowai and in Amlarem.
The recent visit of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to the USA was unique as it strengthened India's position as a country that will play a major role in the coming years.
“The residents of this resort are from respectable families and to say that this resort is a 'ktem awria' is unacceptable.
Shopkeepers should wear masks covering their head, nose and throat as well.
“The families have refused to stay in the barracks provided by the government in Nongmensong,” she said, adding that they can appeal to the court.
Meanwhile, Forest and Environment Minister Prestone Tynsong said that the MPSCB has been under the jurisdiction of the PHE since
Fortunately, however, there was no accident.
Ardent said the court also said, “The use of these films has proven to be a paradise for criminals and activities that affect the society.
Dead Christians are like the church in Sardis.
The report was also received by the Inspector of Drugs of East Khasi Hills District.
This happened at Pyrdong village on the 16th of this month but the EJH police arrested them yesterday.
Besides, AL Hek of the BJP also criticized the government while Sanbor tried to defend it.
St. Anthony College won the women's title by defeating Lady Keane College.
In the 68-member Legislative Assembly, the Congress has 40 MLAs, the BJP 25 MLAs and three non-party MLAs.
"Schools run by religious groups fall under the Amendment to Rule 2 (5) which states that School Managing Committee means a committee appointed by the management to oversee and manage the affairs of the school by the group”, said Fr Majaw.
“Now, in India, the needs for education are being met quickly,” he said.
Not only that; it affects the use of mental powers.
These women were in the back of a pick up vehicle and were injured.
She said that the people of Meghalaya want change and only the Congress can do that for the people of the state.
Socially relevant languages ​​which should be adapted to the times and which should be preserved in their own native languages ​​such as Deiriti should not be written as Culture because it is a widespread practice.
He said he would inform the officers of the outcome of the investigation and would meet with the Chief Executive Members after receiving the report.
They were identified as Hamish Harding, Shahzada Dawood, Suleman Dawood, Paul-Henri Nargeolet and Stockton Rush.
The EM in charge of Trade and Industry, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, said that there are about 200 foreigners trading illegally in Majai while only 48 shops have been licensed.
Dr. Reena Sangma, Assistant Professor, Tura Government College, gave a talk on the life of Pa Togan Sangma.
If there are dead cows, the body should be buried, the department said, adding that cow markets within a radius of 10 km from the source of the disease should be closed.
?  "You're sick," replied Rida, because she didn't want to tell.
Applications are requested to be submitted by 15th July 2022 at Rilum Offset Press, Umsohsun, near DI School, Shillong.
I also found that the voting in this PS is one sided”.
In the second match of the U-17 tournament, Demthring beat Catholic Youth 1-0. Dangkermi Ryngkhlem scored the first goal for Demthring in the 26th minute.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) WKHD has held a Rai Eh Daw Campaign at Lad Weitang Nongstoiñ.
You get double benefits.
On the other hand, he said that the party has not yet understood the proposal of the Regional Council without party politics. , in which there shall be no head of state in this Council.
The leader of the group said that the current education in the North East is only a salonsar education.
Photo Credit: Leeno Shilla.
SHILLONG: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongthliew Circle has submitted a number of demands to the MLA of Mairang who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh in a meeting with him on the 9th of this month at his office. which is located in the village of Mairang.
The delegation was led by KSU Rangthong Unit President Saiñdur Syiemlieh, accompanied by Tariastar Thongni, KSU Rangjadong Unit President, Dmingland K. Dewsaw, General Secretary KSU Kynsimphlang. Unit and other members in the presence of Bah Plosbor Kharjahrin, Secretary Environment & Cultural Cell KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
This additional financial assistance is in addition to the funds released by the Central Government to the States in the State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF), which has not been allocated to the States.
Therefore, she suggested that the term thoh-jer thohnam refers to the writers in the dangle reading of today, which includes the writing to pulr byrngia or the writing to read in schools to learn to be skilled in you can.
Others who took part in the meeting included Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Mawsynram MLA Pynshngain Syiem and Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh from the ruling party.
In 2002, he became Minister of DCA (District Council Affairs) and Home Guards.
Jowai: The BJP has decided to give ticket to Ma Justine Dkhar, MLA, who has recently resigned, to contest from Khliehriat Constituency. Violet Lyngdoh, MDC of the party and this has prompted many of her supporters to leave the party in protest.
“We have decided to send a letter to the State Government not to return the Land Bill to the Council so that we can introduce a new one because there are many shortcomings in the old Land Bill,” said the CEM. The CEM said that the Council has decided not to introduce a resolution against the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) from the Central Government.
Regarding the deterioration of the road, the residents urged the government to take action to repair the road.
It is the duty of the State Government to take action and to act strongly and it is also the duty of the Government of India to take measures that those people who take the lives of innocent people should not except from the hand of the law.
We have 'failed' since the beginning of the day & until now until this city of Shillong and its suburbs have been growing and spreading like this on their own accord, that is, as big as and how is that 'tumor'
Arki said the MFA has decided not to hold the state futsal championship with 16 teams and divide them into four groups. Preparations for this tournament are underway and it is expected that in the next few days we will be able to know more about the teams that will take part in this tournament to be held at NEHU. Arki said the decision to hold the National Futsal League came after the MFA had already submitted its proposal to the AIFF. syndon in order to improve the quality of futsal in the state.
He said that during his recent visit to Sohra, it was revealed that the tourism industry has been severely affected.
She completed her education at Little Flower School and after that she went on to study PU (Sc) 1st and 2nd Year at St Anthony's College.
This happened at Umjalisiaw village when the son came home to demand money from his mother.
I know exactly what is in their minds,” said Dr Mukul.
She said that the Act should protect children from sexual assault, sexual harassment and pornography. that they know well.
Unfortunately for Meghalaya itself, this demarcation of the state border is instead the demarcation of Assam's border with Meghalaya.
Dr Fadi Al-Khrote said that the incident was a surprise.
And at that time they shall look upon me (Jesus) whom they have crucified, and shall mourn for him as one mourneth for his only begotten son. mourn for him as the firstborn (who died) Zechariah 12:10-1
The stars, on the other hand, are celestial bodies that have their own light, many of which are the Suns that reflect light on other planets.
He said that the village has received all the patta or land holding documents from the district council in each of the farmland on the border with Assam.
There was one who died and he was not injected at all.
Besides these two DJs, Anthracite from Mumbai, Lords of Rock from Nagaland and various famous bands from Jowai will also perform.
In this incident, the crowd threw stones at the patrol police which led to the injury of many policemen, the damage to property and the burning of vehicles.
Niakha took Pisa from the room and gave it to Rida to pay for the class.
The recovery of this mobile will enable the police to investigate into the incident.
There are some old doctors of the 1960s who claim to have been able to develop the Hills State/Mekhaloi medicine; but they saw not the fruit thereof.
He said he has seen that the people of the constituency have confidence in Bah Jrop and want him to contest. asked Mr. Jrop.
The new school building of the school was opened in 2022 under the initiative of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh who has allocated Rs 37 lakh from the State Government for the construction of the school in 2019-2
His death is near,” said the HNLC, adding that he is arrogant, arrogant and only the leader of Ampati.
The News Latkam4
Another complaint has been lodged against the incident, said the Dolloi of Maskut District, Ma Phrangki Rynjah.
A drug dealer was arrested by the residents on Saturday while he was selling drugs at the Police Point in Laitumkhrah Shillong after being informed by the police. The police are from Laitumkhrah Police Station.
It is also scheduled that 6846 villages in Meghalaya need to complete all three phases by October 2023, one by one.
However, in this age of happiness, many of the young people want to follow the path of chess, they are afraid to walk the paths of life, they are afraid. They are quick to kill people when they allow a small thing to fall on their feet, they are quick to live a life of pride and knowledge, but they forget in life the goal. they put forward.
Medalin said that her shop was moved from the religious gate of the Hima Mylliem during the reign of Pa'iem Laborious Syiem and she was given a small plot of land near the police station. “When I saw that there was a shop, I went to Pa'iem Latho and he gave it to me,” said Medalin. garbage dump and by the time it got permission it had spent about Rs 20,000 just to clear the garbage and garbage to build a shop.
The incident happened at around 1:30pm when a Maruti car (ML04A-0598) belonging to him collided with a mini truck (ML04A-2311) belonging to the same road. Raliang village while on its way to Jowai.
The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) MLA Dr Mukul Sangma said that Henry Lalremsanga should send a legal notice to the Chief Minister.
They said that there are cases where they have to collect donations from the people, in order to raise funds and from this money they will be able to pay to the people to come and deliver water to the PHC. On the other hand, the HYC, through Bah Hercules Suting, General Secretary Ri Bhoi, together with the members of the Mawhati Circle, strongly condemned the state government and especially the health department, for the lack of attention in the implementation of the The union is surprised to learn that the PHC, which serves more than 42 villages, is still facing such problems. It was stated that the government is not paying attention to the problems faced by the people in the rural areas.
How much sim do I pay?  This is the language of the thylliej which is used in the market between the seller and the buyer and whose native language is completely different from each other.
Rayonald Kharkamni, General Secretary of the NTC, said that the Nongpoh Town Committee has taken this decision to allow these villages to leave the town. They have demanded that the villages be removed from the list of Town and Urban Villages.
And David said, I am old and grayheaded, O LORD, forsake me not.
He said the BJP has accepted the NPP as a synrop partner and has supported the NPP in the past years during the Lok Sabha elections.
At present, Ms Mukhim said that the meat sold in the market has been cleaned and released at the water pumps, shops are in the parking lots, some are in the garbage dumps. “There is a law that can punish them but we will not talk about the punishment, the punishment will come until the “We will complete all the measures and if there is no other way, we will have to implement the law,” said DBM Mukhim Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety.
“What they promised they couldn't fulfill,” he said and added, “last season they made promises which they didn't fulfill.
According to the rules regarding Covid-19, they have violated all the rules and regulations in terms of the rights of the people of India and also violated the rules and regulations in relation to the Covid-19 pandemic. Government employees, day labourers, shopkeepers and all the public who are not willing to take the TIKA covid-19 vaccine especially in Meghalaya.
It is necessary to stop or eliminate drugs because when there is drugs, the drinkers can drink but if there is no drugs, the drinkers will lose their drinking.
“At the same time, while admitting that there are still minor disputes in some places, he said that the leaders from both the states are working hard to resolve this issue completely.
After the arrival of these students in their home state, the relatives and parents of these students expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the Chief Minister – Prem Singh Tamang and all the government officials who took part in the visit.
On the same night, another robber involved in the assault and shooting of two students from Kerala has been arrested by the police.
The contract teachers, who were dismissed after a nine-day strike, have staged a protest near the civil hospital and today they have decided to turn to the Secretariat.
He said that this makes him sad as a village leader because it affects the development of the village.
Shillong received 13.8mm of rainfall today, 17.2mm today, Umiam 12.2mm today and 8.2mm today.
This decision was taken at a large meeting held at Mookaiaw on the 9th June 2023 (Saturday).
Even the Food Safety and Standards Regulations 2011 prohibit the use of formalin in all types of food and beverages.
The KJCLF joins hands with other Christian groups in the country to strongly condemn these attacks on Christians in India and urges the government authorities to punish those people involved in the attacks and to protect them.
Mainu Ridonisha Syngkli has won the gold medal in the Khelo India REC Combined National Talent Hunt Championship 2023-24 held at SAI NBA. Rohtak is located in Haryana.
Regarding the speech and presentation of the problems by the Sordar Shnongs, he said that the larger villages which other smaller villages rely on for many needs such as food items, they should not provide food items only to the villagers and they should have a mutual understanding.
Bah P Barkos O Warjri in his speech stressed that there should be a goal that this industry should not only produce and supply the state but should also be able to export. ha kip or not to come.
Shillong: Three MDCs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) including James Ban Basaiawmoit, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hadrian Lyngdoh, Morningstar Mawsor and Arbinus Lyngdoh have informed HS Shylla, The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council (KDC) has decided to withdraw its support from yesterday.
Ms.Shafali Verma4.
“We have gone to investigate and found that the fire was caused by a source of water from the Municipal pipeline which supplies water to Laitumkhrah area,” said the MUDA engineer. Municipal ban maintenance.
Poverty and unemployment can revive armed groups and can also breed a group of criminals who commit robbery, theft, robbery, kidnapping and murder. .
According to police sources, Julius was taken to Sadar Police Station on Saturday morning and later to Civil Hospital, Shillong for medical examination.
“Who opposeth and exalteth himself above all that is called God, or that is worshipped; so that he sitteth in the temple of God, shewing himself that he is God” (2 Thessalonians 2:4).
A case was registered under the IPC and POCSO Act and investigation was launched by WPSI Larisha Kharjana.
Only shortlisted candidates will be called for the written test as the Institute deemed fit.
Others who attended the function included MDC Mairang-Nongkhlaw, Bah Batskhem Ryntathiang, MDC Pariong-Mawthadraishan, Bah Jambor War, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh. , the Syiem of Myriaw Hima, Pa'iem K. Syiem, Chief of Mawiang, Pa'iem N. Syiem, Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police of District, Bah MB Syiem, officers of various departments of the state government, village leaders, members of self-help groups (SHGs) and the people of the area.
The people are by no means the slaves of custom.
In a statement sent by Samla Armstrong Sohshang President of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, KSU Mawshynrut Circle said that the KSU strongly condemns this act. The Assam Police and the Assam Government which from time to time harass the people living in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam.
He said that although the HSPDP has two MLAs, there are constituencies that lost a few votes in the last MLA elections.
According to the tender awarded to Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd from Uttar Pradesh, it cost Rs 127 crore and after that, the Central Government through the Speaker of the Lok Sabha received another Rs 100 crore.
In the same order, the judge said, “I found that Bah Adelbert Nongrum intends to insult the court and he has appeared before the court. WP (C) No.363 of 2014, Adelbert concluded by saying that there is nothing wrong with the order of the High Court. against the minority community".
He said that many of the youths from Khliehriat have phoned and requested him to open another shlem there to help them and on his part, he has promised to open it next month. , so that the youth who hope to NeIPS will not be discouraged or feel lonely when creating opportunities to strengthen their income and earn a living.
The team has won all their group matches including against Tura before beating Shillong Cricket Association in the semi final.
Speech by Kong Kawan Kynjing, Advocate on the spirit of the Maya Kur, President Puramon Kynjing and others.
When the dam is broken, the trigger will sound an alarm far away.
Glukhovsky to this day has strongly opposed Russia's invasion of neighboring Ukraine and a small country compared to Russia.
William Opoku.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Border Dispute Redressal Forum (HBDRF), the Hynniewtrep Women Welfare and Development Organization (HWWDO) and the KHNAM today sent a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma. K Sangma to send the matter to the Union Home Minister, Amit Shah to discuss the restoration of the Block I land from West Karbi Anglong Assam to the West. Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya.
Jesus stands and fights against, fights against the forces that destroy people and gives new life to people.
In this regard, the minister said he has talked to the BSF, police and government officials to curb the smuggling.
Miss Flosi gave birth to a son, weighing 3 kilograms and 20 grams, named Alexander Charles Ecclestone, who was born in Bern, Switzerland. coronavirus curfew.
The judges of the day were Rudy Wahlang, Hubert Malngiang and Adollerine Sawian.
On the other hand, the relatives of the youth alleged that the hospital has not taken action on the incident and that there was no doctor inside the hospital to treat him even after nearly five hours.
Bah Honsen Lyngdoh, who was also present at the meeting, spoke briefly, but his speech was interrupted by the chief guest, who arrived late.
The chaos is unemployment and rising food prices," she added.
Meanwhile, the JHADC in charge has not been able to complete the construction of the Ïawmusiang which was planned to be completed since 2001-02 under the support of DoNER. for political and other reasons.
The venue is not far from the TRC Stadium where Real Kashmir play in the I-League.
The tournament was enriched by the song by the Sawsymper Brother Death to Life and the dance by Ibashisha Shangdiar.
The remaining 1 week, the 69 weeks have long since ended.
Many government departments have had to advertise vacancies for youth recruitment.
Furthermore, the vendors said that since last year they have bought their goods but until now they have not been able to sell them especially now that the Government has allowed them to open only twice a day.
While the taxi drivers and leaders of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) were trying to enter Shillong Sadar Police Station, they were blocked by the police. They guarded the locked gate after the police informed that no one will be allowed to enter the police station.
The word 'Market' is broad.
Regarding the evasion of taxes from forest products from Jaintia Hills and the evasion of taxes from the JHADC, he said that they have arranged the working methods of the employees to arrest any illegal immigrants. light sha rud the tax.
Anger when a person does not understand himself is a sin.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Shylla said that this is the money that the people have collected from Umsyep which they have worked hard for and they cannot escape from this tax because it has been seized. Article 276 of the Act.
The AJCCTA said it cannot understand why the government has decided to open them even though it knows that many vehicles pass from one state to another especially those drivers who transport goods from Assam to Assam. Mizoram and Tripura “Truck drivers or their handymen have to pay money at toll gates or weighbridges and the Corona virus can spread through these drivers through taking and exchanging money,” he said. the Whale.
“Why should I speak Kannada? I don't speak Kannada,” said a woman.
According to information received from the residents of the area, Raju said that a case has been registered at Mendipathar PS (Case No. 258(11) 2015 u/s 302 IPC r/w Sec 27(3). ) Arms Act).
“We have seen these days that the Government of India through the Ministry of Home Affairs has returned this Act to the State Government, but the HYC will follow up on this Act to protect the jaidbynriew,” he said.
SCA 'B' scored 97 runs for the loss of two wickets in 17.2 overs.
In the women's U-17 category, Mizoram beat Sikkim 3-1 to win the bronze medal.
Shylla also suggested to the DPMU team to conduct such programs in public places such as markets in order to attract more farmers.
On the 25th, Laban Police received a complaint that a Pulsar 150 cc (ML05-V-0993) was stolen from Lower Harisabha, Laban.
This island dates back to ancient times and is the oldest of all the islands.
There was an elderly man, who lived in a border town, who said that the reason why they did not dare to speak the truths was after they had experienced many summoned by the Assam Police and who have been imprisoned for many days, that happened only because their names have been publicly revealed in the newspapers, because once anyone whose name appears along with the photograph and who speaks against the violence of the Assam Police, which means that he will be investigated by the Assam Police.
These friends of the suspect said that they had fled the scene and after receiving a tip from the police, they searched for them and arrested them.
The Seng found that the area on the top of the hill above the road has been destroyed and could be put in danger of collapse at any time.
The Dorbar Shnong has urged the MDC to improve the road due to the deterioration of the road especially during the rainy season. to improve this road.
“The KSU has decided that due to the seriousness of the allegation, we will not lodge a complaint with the Superintendent of Police of Shillong City,” said Donald.
The Assam government has resumed construction of the road connecting Khanduli village from Tahpat, Langkeroi and Lapangap and this has caused strong opposition from the village authorities of Lapangap and KSU Lapangap.
The Seng also expressed its grounds by saying that the Reservation Policy implemented in the state since 1972, is biased especially in terms of population, because when comparing the population between Khasi Jaintia and Khasi Jaintia, Garo, Khasi Jaintia have more than Garo, while the unemployment rate is 40%, which the Seng said has affected the job seekers from this part of the state.
Some drivers of jyrngam vehicles have informed this reporter that the traffic jam was too heavy yesterday and today when the police have seized the vehicles, fined them and driven away with the order not to I don't want to go to Shillong.
After the meeting, the Lamphang expressed his satisfaction with the progress of the project but said that it is still necessary to ensure that the project is completed on time.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 25: To prevent illegal activities against the Umiam River within the boundary of Umiam Village, the Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Umiam has laid down many measures. and they worked by the river Umiam.
Milk contains nutrients that can reduce bad cholesterol, LDL and benefit the blood pressure and body health and reduce the risk of many diseases.
According to Mawphor, the disease affects from the elderly to the children and many schools do not allow the children infected with the disease to come to school, due to fear that There are also schools that have given leave to children, which is after the spread of the disease, that those who have contracted the disease and they had four eyes, and two eyes.
The Best Scout Master was awarded to Ajoy Suchiang of Ambrose Memorial School Khliehriat and Best Guides Captain was Rose Mary Phawa of Little Star Secondary School Ladrymbai.
Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, while congratulating and praising the students, urged them, “Look up and continue to improve by working hard and remember that in college you have improved not only in your studies but also in your studies. even in other skills and knowledge".
They said that the Syiem's ​​violence has been revealed through the documents they have received that he has given permission to the Dkhars to quarry stone and soil from the Hima which is against the Constitution and has violated Meghalaya. Land Transfer Act 2010.
This will prevent the spread of the disease, so that the sick will be healed quickly.
From 4-Mowkaiaw (ST), there are 38563 voters, 19007 males and 19556 females.
“If my people, which are called by his name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin; that I WILL HEAL YOUR LAND,,,, 2 Chronicles 7:1
In the past few months, the KSU Narpuh Circle together with the Waheh Shnongs of Narpuh together with the residents have protested against the deterioration of the road and have blocked the Toll. They also said that the NHAI collection point should be opened in Lumshnong until the NHAI improves the road to 70 percent repair. The road has not reached anywhere, as the days go by, the road has become increasingly damaged and has caused more and more traffic jams in many parts of the road from Ladrymbai to Ratacherra.
However, 10 minutes later, Sohryngkam SC scored the third goal through Namebantei Kharbuli in the 9th minute.
The school authorities have also met with the DC and the village leaders.
The journalists also tried to talk to the Manager in charge of the company on this matter, but the surprising thing is that he refused to talk about the fact and he snorted. and he said, Where is the river, and where is the coal that floweth into the river?
The first match of the AJCA will be against Shillong Cricket Association tomorrow at 9 am at Nongkhrah Stadium, Ri Bhoi.
M.Lanong, explained that the purpose of the International AIDS Candlelight Memorial is to bring together all the people of the world to honor those who have died and lost their lives due to AIDS. Speaking on the HIV/AIDS Act 2017, he said that the bill has been drafted to prevent and treat HIV/AIDS. The rights of those living with HIV and under this Act is to protect those who are HIV Positive who are discriminated against in society and other measures to protect them.
Khliehriat, Lber 10: The State President of the BJP, Rickman Momin, today inaugurated the office of the BJP East Jaintia Hills District at Dkhiah village. and also to promote the party, as a support to the party office, Dr Fenela.
Regarding the allegation by Bah Louis Dohtdong that the Syiem has been involved in the sale of land to foreigners, Paiem Ken Syiem has immediately denied the allegation. Since 2004 and at that time he has not taken over as Syiem and it is only a job to mislead the people.
The celestial body, which is made of very heavy rocks, was discovered on Tuesday, but scientists said it was discovered late, because it immediately passed away from the Earth. just fortunately, nothing untoward happened.
During the programme, 13 schools, clubs and residents received necessary equipment.
Statistics over the past 10 years show that injection drug use is the leading cause of HIV infection in the State.
The training program on the operation of the Case Information System (CIS) was conducted by the Computer Committee, High Court of Meghalaya, in collaboration with the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority. Autonomous District Council Court, Tpep- Pale Hall Jowai.
The meeting was to discuss the findings of the Center for Budget and Policy Studies' survey conducted in
Donbok said the HITO has also reminded the Governor of the request to take action on the demands of the Prime Minister's Office to appoint a special committee headed by the Minister. The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India to implement the provisions signed by the Khasi Syiems with the Government of India in the Annexed Agreement in
In this state, various committees and commissions have been set up to appoint MLAs who have lost elections or MLAs who cannot be appointed Ministers.
However, for no reason, it is surprising why the neighbour, hated and shot the child on that day.
The family members of the truck driver, Teimi Ia I Lamare, 37, have been found dead from the Mawkhanu Toll Plaza, East Khasi Hills on Monday morning.
T.645.07 crore has been spent to support/open 978 units.
The descendants are those who have been trained from childhood and have grown in knowledge of his work, and he is encouraged because he knows that he himself will become the master to take over when his father grows old.
Furthermore, do not use areas where plastic is not allowed or plastic free zones.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Italy has risen to 369, the highest number of deaths in a single day.
The Information Technology competition was conducted by PV Ramesh, Retd IAS, Chairperson, Awards Committee, CIPS. Participants were Mukesh Repaswal, IT Director, Shimla, HP; u Krishna Kumar Deputy Commissioner, Jiribam, Manipur; Isaac Zothanpouia, PM, Mizoram State e-Governance Society, Mizoram and Manabend Anil Goswami, Director, IT, Scientist E, NIC, Government of Assam.
Shah said Prime Minister Narendra Modi had urged for Amrit Kaal.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the state government has implemented a decision not to forgive anyone in connection with the erection of illegal toll gates or the extortion of money from vehicles passing through the National Highways. , State Highway and other major roads in East Khasi Hills.
He expressed his gratitude to those involved in the construction of this poor house.
The body of Bah Kynsailin was found by the residents of Lummawbah, while they were searching for him since that day, and immediately informed the police and the Special Rescue Team arrived. & State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) to rescue them.
The village has submitted a petition on these demands and Bah Banteidor said that the cooperation will continue as in the past years and to promote the development of the village. These demands of the village will be looked into to implement them.
At the same time, he said the department will try to increase the supply of water by taking measures to reduce the water supply in Phase III. Phase III is ongoing due to the inclusion of more villages outside Shillong such as Pynthorumkhrah.
Before receiving information on the bail of the driver, the East Khasi Hills Police through the SP Bah M.Kharkrang have dropped the charge of attempted murder against the driver. They found through the investigation that he had no evil intentions against the prime minister, but it was just a mistake in his driving.
The Animal Husbandry & Veterinary (AH&V) Department of the State Government has sent samples of 33 cows to the laboratory in Bhopal on suspicion of the spread of Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD). -skin of cattle within the State.
But even in physical distance you can bring emotional closeness by writing a letter like in the past.
“I would like to congratulate and encourage these two students who have passed well in the HSSLC examination because I am happy that they have chosen the path of becoming religious and have reached the rank first in education,” said Bah Shadap.
Many of the evils we may have encountered in our lives as human beings, and the most difficult evils that we have to stand up against are from lying, deceit, false witness, the desire for wealth that is not right. They rape those who have no power to protect them, they destroy the environment that God has given them and they destroy the mountains and rivers and destroy the resources of the earth just to gain wealth for themselves.
Once these laws come into force, any case filed will receive a fair hearing within three years.
His children are now nowhere to be found.
In the third division, Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber beat Tpeppale by a walkover, which failed to reach the field at 12 noon.
Giriraj Singh said the training center will provide skills to the youth and entrepreneurs in the state for income generation and employment.
He said that in Tuber, the soil excavation method is slow and this creates a risk that the soil could collapse during the rainy season.
The investigation is ongoing,” said Bruno A Sangma, Superintendent of Police, North Garo Hills.
The temperature in Dubai was reported to be 122 degrees Fahrenheit (50 degrees Celsius).
The heritage trade is the budlum of the country, if the state owners do not manage it, all the income goes abroad and we will become buyers in all activities.
On the other hand, the meeting said that it is necessary to encourage parents to encourage their children to learn to read and write in their mother tongue.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 8 new cases have been confirmed and 133 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
Speaking to reporters, Gogoi said Vincent H Pala, President of the MPCC and MP of the Lok Sabha, has fought for peace and stability. The people of Meghalaya.
He said that to be healthy a person must have peace of mind and body in order, which means that health is the foundation of life.
The requirements for those who register on the E-Shram portal are as follows:- Must be between 16-59 years of age, Must have Aadhaar Card, Must have a mobile number linked to Aadhaar, Must have Furthermore, the Incharge Deputy Commissioner and Chairperson, District Level Implementation Committee, Khliehriat announced that The e-Shram Portal is a portal launched by the Ministry of Labor & Employment, Government of India on 26th August 2021 with the aim of supporting workers in case of accidents.
He said the ban on coal mining has severely affected the people of the state and is like a violation of the right of ownership of the Khasi and Jaintia people over the land.
Mawthoh said that there is a good relationship between the MDA allies and there is also an understanding and therefore he trusts the MDA leaders to decide on the joint candidate.
The best rules of protection and advice to everyone to avoid reinfection is to wear masks, wash hands regularly and try to stay away from each other, reminder on how to follow These rules in everyday life have nothing to do with it.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma said the meeting has directed the Regional Committees to gather information and listen to the wishes of the people as in the first phase and he hopes to get it soon. Some places may receive the report sooner and some may take longer.
Besides the joining of these senior leaders of the PDF, the Congress on this occasion welcomed Bah Belarius Rongpeit, Joit Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Umsning Circle and his followers, I came to join the Congress.
She said that the incentive for their work during the time of Covid-19 pandemic has not been received by the ASHAs since last year. She said that there is not a single ASHA to know about this program and also the health system that they will receive from the government in
He said that about T.41 lakh has been raised besides the T.1 crore that has already been spent.
Urging the TMC leader to take the example of 'bura' cultivation, Dr. War said, “Bura cultivation damages the environment because people flee from one place to another. one party to another, leaving behind only the damage.
Police have recovered the mobile phone of the driver of the truck from the residence of Claipson M Marak and the Swift (ML 05 K 8473) used by the police to commit the robbery. .
The resigned Ranikor MLA Martin M Dango will join the NPP to contest the mid-term elections.
Because of Bhutto's escape, police have arrested a man involved in inciting the crowd to attack the police.
Earlier, when James Ban Basaiawmoit resigned from the post of EM, he spoke clearly and refused to take over the post of Deputy Chairman.
The stigmatization and devaluation of human beings as leaves.
This law shall apply to the entire East Khasi Hills.
Deisy promised. After saying this, Bahnah was happy and waited for the time to go back to Riia's house.
This is where the seven seals begin.
He said that the Government in the past four years has ensured that the residents in the rural areas have increased their income.
At the same time, they congratulated him for his re-election at the National Level in Hyderabad from 30th May to 6th June,
The second is petrol followed by diesel, car, grease and so on.
Former MP Prof GG Swell donated the money from the MP scheme and inaugurated it after its completion.
This was stated by the Union Minister of State for Child Development, Krishan Pal Gurjar, after being questioned by a reporter during his visit to Ri Bhoi District today. Ri Bhoi District has been selected as one of the 115 Aspirational Districts selected in all the Districts of India.
Mayrald Born Syiem said the party requests the state government to take action to monitor the Amendment Bill 2019 of the MRSSA so that it can get the approval of the Governor. This Act will come into force and will indeed become one of the Stieh to protect against the illegal entry of foreigners.
During the programme, the Chief Guest along with other dignitaries also took part in the launch of the Logo and Theme of the Diamond Jubilee.
On the closing ceremony of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, Bah OS Kharbuli, Executive Engineer of MeECL, Shillong, was the chief guest.
Rapsang also asked why it is necessary to search in the evening and why they did not summon Thangkhiew for questioning. Ma Rymbui replied that this is the responsibility of the police. , to look after and wait their time, to conduct the investigation.
Regarding the sudden increase in the price of silver, Bah B.Marngar, one of the elders of Nongstoiñ area, said that the sudden increase in the price of silver rod and other silver items has caused a lot of trouble. This is after the outbreak of COVID-19 in the state and around the world.
This is the need to teach about financial literacy.
Khuk-khak's time has passed for ten years.
“We must look at the preparedness and protection as planned by Prime Minister Duh so that we are ready for any future pandemic," she said.
“We have also been informed that even the outdoor facilities are not adequate and even the hostels are not adequate among other issues,” he said.
“After talking to the Executive Chairman and Director of MBOSE today, it was decided to allow those schools which are far from the question papers to collect the question papers in advance but they should send them. “I will write to these MBOSE officials next month,” said Babu Khongjirem.
Manchester United will face Real Betis, while Arsenal will face Sporting Lisbon.
The Investigating Officer has also warned those arrested not to vote for Bernard N Marak.
When the JNU has removed the name of the Jaintia Dorbar, the Doloi of Jaintia Hills do not want the Jaintia Dorbar to disappear and under the leadership of Doloi Laian Kynjin, Doloi Elaka Jowai, Doloi Oni Dkhar, Doloi Brit Michael Samiang, Doloi Nongphyllut, Doloi Yiang Dkhar, Doloi Nartiang and others have left the JNU and revived the Jaintia Dorbar. You are the President of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
Nongpoh: Many members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) who had planned to visit Umlaper, were blocked by non-Khasis during the They reached the Umlaper Market, which was almost to Umlaper village, through the road blockade, which thwarted their plan to reach the village.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 19: The elderly men and women as well as the disabled have started voting in Ri-Bhoi to elect the leaders of the Legislative Assembly from their homes so that all voters votes shall not be lost to elect the leaders.
The Government has also informed that the cause of this death is because many poor women have refused to go for treatment at health centers for fear of contracting the disease.
Many kinds of wild animals do not live in the mountains but pass through them because there is no food for them.
And, behold, two men stood by him, and took him out of the sea, and healed him;
Shillong: Truck drivers have strongly criticized the police for not giving notice before closing vehicles on highways far from food shops.
Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham has introduced a resolution in the House on the pollution of the market which can affect the health of the people. He said that the presence of kyiad shops affects the parents who have to know the safety and security of their families. this is the market.
“Therefore, the VPP is pleased to say that instead of forcing us as a nation to read and write Hindi in the state, the Government of India should have expedited the inclusion of the Khasi language in the list. The Constitution of India,” said the President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) in a statement.
The Embassy of India has also assisted in sending Indians to South Sudan, Egypt, Chad and Djibouti.
The demand was led by the Khasi Authors Society and supported by various groups and organizations from across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The celebration will begin with the raising of the flag of the Seng at the ground floor of the Seng headquarters in Mawkhar, followed by a thanksgiving ceremony.
Moosyiem Shangpung came from behind to turn the match into a draw and scored the first goal through Ebormi Lyngdoh (63').
Recently, the road in Iooksi, Mooshrot Laskein and now from Myntang to Myrjiang connecting the border villages from Sahsniang to Psiar, Khatkasla-Jrikyndeng and so on has been repaired by paving and clearing the road.
From the information received, it is said that as of now, the movement and use of the suspected trucks is during the middle of the night, when people are asleep and when there is a shortage of vehicles. Pass through this road from Umrit to Umling and Pahammawlein for 20 meters.
The song was recorded at Sonido Vibes Studio and produced by Frankie Ri Nongrum.
However, he said that it is the present government that has authorized the District Councils (KHADC) to implement the Building Act within the boundary of the Council.
But the question now is who will win the title this year?
“This is a heavy-handed job and it is not easy to throw it in the garbage dump,” he said.
He said that many political parties in the state have accused the VPP of fighting against the Job Reservation Policy for the election and they don't know that the party is fighting against it. The rights of youth in terms of employment, where the Job Reservation Policy as it is to date is biased and many youth lose their jobs if implemented according to this reservation policy through the Roster System.
The President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Monday announced that the party has decided to temporarily suspend the strike for the re-appointment of Meghalaya Lokayukta officers after the government decided to call for talks with the party leaders.
This was decided at a meeting today in the presence of nine MLAs of the United Democratic Party (UDP) and two MLAs of the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP).
Nongpoh: A group of Garo village leaders under the umbrella of the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headman Association, today held a public meeting at Rangsakona village, Byrnihat, to protest against the ban on The Hima Mylliem and KHADC have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, saying that he should no longer accept the No Objection Certificate or the Dulir land certified by the Rangbah Shnong Garo.
They were arrested after smuggling into the Indian border.
Iongkaluh won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 119/6 in 20 overs. Dkhiah West won the toss and elected to bat in 19 overs. 6 wickets.
( ADIPR).
Speaking on the occasion, BD Marak, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, expressed his gratitude to the Rotary Club Jowai and its members for recognizing the work of the police. .
Dr M Mawrie, State Tuberculosis Officer was also present at the program and handed over the Ni-Kshay Mitra Certificate to Kong RM Kurbah, DC, EKHD. by the President of India under the Prime Minister's TB Mukrat Bharat Abhiyan on 9th November 2022 to eradicate TB by
She said that before his death, the father could not see his newborn child because when she was only one month old, her illness became severe and she died at NEIGRIHMS. Hospital, Shillong.
Of course, we cannot talk to the principal of Kiang Nangbah College because the government pays salaries.
This will also benefit the new office of International Affairs of NEHU which was launched after the appointment of the incumbent Vice Chancellor PS Shukla.
And the border between you and Jeroboam.
Speaking on Friday, Bah Latiplang said that as MDCs who have been in the KHADC, it has been found that the laws passed by the Council have not been able to stand because they have been passed. For that reason, the MDCs have decided to contest the MLA election on behalf of the PDF in order to advocate in the House to protect the jaitbynriew.
There are no records but they are in the process of organizing the traditional costumes in different kingdoms.
The meeting decided to leave it to the Meghalaya and Assam governments to decide where to rebuild the Entry Tax Gate of KAAC which was removed in August
You don't have faith in the gate search bar state".
The cyclone has spread to the South Pacific but has destroyed many parts of New Zealand and especially the North Island.
Lionel Messi and Sergio Ramos lost their last match for Paris Saint-Germain (PSG) who won the Ligue 1 title.
The matches on the second day will be between St. Anthony's College and St. Mary's College and Seng Khasi College will beat St. Edmund's College.
According to Bah Kharjahrin, if the penalty is only 20,000 tyngka, those who do Benami work are in the billions of tyngka.
The third way we can protect our soil in the mountains from runoff is by planting in the drainage areas weeds whose stems can catch to the ground.
This scheme is a private scheme provided to low income households through tins and cash.
Shillong, March 29: “The people have protested against the bandhs, we have seen the beginning of their protests,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang.
Napkins will be subject to a 12% tax when the Central Government implements the Goods and Services Tax (GST) on 1st November,
“Her presence and ability to work has helped a lot to the poor children in providing them with education,” said a statement from Echo Bangladesh.
Another Nepali who came to the scene said that his brother-in-law was also inside the crematorium.
He said that the disease in the food pipe is more common in men who smoke, drink alcohol and eat kwai.
Most of the weeds that are the enemies of the farmer are from the seeds.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that after a thorough investigation, the suspects of a wedding ceremony at Green Wood Resort, Assam have been arrested. A total of 47 people from East Khasi Hills District and 8 from Ribhoi District have attended the wedding.
In an interview with Rupang, BJP Meghalaya President Bah Khlursing Lyngdoh said the party has received an invitation from the state government to discuss the 6th Scheduled on the 16th of July. , 2015.
Condemning the allegation by South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai that he is trying to mislead the people, Basaia Wmoit said that Sanbor is against MUDA because it has houses like ha. Kench Trace which has violated the rules laid down by MUDA and is a violation for which it will be punished.
If two MLAs from the PDF join, the number of MLAs in the NPP will increase to 28 and if the party wins the election in Sohiong constituency, the number of MLAs will increase to
To protect the land, forests and forests that affect health such as uranium mining to protect the minority.
Especially in view of the challenges of these days, it is necessary to strengthen the Dorbar Shnong so that it can preserve the identity of the jaidbynriew and protect it from the infiltration of foreigners.
The Congress spokesperson also reminded him of the investigation by the group of leaders into the purchase and sale of Rafale fighter jets and Surjewala said, “Why are you afraid of this investigation?” .
US Secretary of State Antony Blinken arrived in the West Bank on Sunday to meet with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and assured him that the US government is still resolving the issue. not to put trouble on the people from this war.
Many preparations have been made by the Seng to hold this Shad and he said that there will be Shad training for the youth so that it will be beautiful when they dance on this day. .
On the other hand, GS Laikynthei wished the new Rangbah Shnong Bah Mudonsing Khongthaw to continue to work hard for the development of the village. the village is strong in all respects.
After a thorough search, it was found that the suloi contained 10 rounds of ammunition and 30 rounds of ammunition had been fired at the scene of the incident.
On this occasion, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government has been vigilant on the increase in the number of cases.
Mawdieja Sports Club beat Machine FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament held by TULBA Sohryngkham on Monday.
U Bah Syiem said that the entire Hima Mawiang, is with you the family of the hero at this dark and sad time of this incident.
But have we ever followed these rules or good examples of cleanliness?
Nongpoh, June 18: The state government's plan to complete the railway line from Tetalia to Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District, cannot be predicted yet. Officials from the Khasi Hills District Autonomous Council (KHADC) together with the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) have visited Ronghona, Byrnihat.
On the same day, a March Pass competition was also held before the start of the first football match in which 9 schools from Thynroit area took part.
“Ale, I'm going to eat first.
Churchill Brothers, led by Argentine head coach Edgardo Malvestiti, are currently ninth in the points table with two wins, two draws and three defeats. to score eight points from nine games.
In the US, there were only 3,661,220 babies born in 2022 and it is reported that there is a 3,000 fewer babies than in 2021 and this has upset the The legislature, in this country and now, has encouraged many couples to have many children.
Speaking to reporters, Michael Sayoo, President of the Unit, said that the party has released its election manifesto today.
Imphal, March 01 : The Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, today evening said that the kidnappers involved in the kidnapping and murder of two students have been arrested from Churachandpur.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Sohkymphor Unit, East Jaintia Hills District has distributed foodgrains to the residents of Sohkymphor on the 7th of this month.
The training at IIM Shillong opens up opportunities for education.
After this, Bah Bindo M. Lanong, MDC, will have to leave as MP Raja Sabha from Meghalaya and release the post of Nominated MDC, as he is the only one who is still active.
All those who wish to participate in this election must bring their materials and Xerox birth certificate.
Niakha Rida told them in detail. Then they finished the story after Kong Mer said, “The death is over... Sin is found and punished.
Thanks to the dedication of the leaders and the hard work of the young athletes, the Meghalaya Gymnastics Association has been revived in 2018 and this time it has gained a place in Meghalaya. 2022 Games.
Himanta Biswa Sarma said the ban will apply only within the border of Assam and if Meghalaya, Arunachal Pradesh or Nagaland needs any goods, the governments of these states can. to inform that vehicles are passing through Assam.
“The state has a share in receiving financial assistance through the World Bank, JAICA, ADB, RIDF but when we visit these projects, some of the roads have not been paved. "It's not like I'm still alive," he said.
Remember thy servants, Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, to whom thou swarest by thyself, saying unto them, I will multiply thy seed as the stars of heaven.
Rajasthan are third with three points and Maharashtra (0 points) are fourth.
Prestone Tynsong said that more than 12,000 students and those working abroad have returned to Meghalaya and among them they have the skills to work in various jobs in various companies. contractors within the state.
This was revealed by the reply of the Minister of Taxation, James Sangma in the Legislative Assembly today.
Two of the injured were taken to a nearby hospital for further treatment.
In a statement, R.Syntem President HNPF Women's Wing Jaintia Circle said that the police should file an FIR against a policeman who used the same number plate in two vehicles. law.
In the second half, Mihmyntdu FC beat Tpep Swer 4-2 in the tie breaker.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today told the media that the state government has decided to resume the curfew from midnight. u Friday 26th November 2020 until midnight on 30th November 2020, so that the health workers can do what is necessary to conduct contact tracing.
Shillong: There have been 597 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 288 recoveries and 10 deaths.
Regarding the incident, the MPSOs have lodged a complaint at the Nongpoh Police Station and requested the police to investigate the suspect and punish him according to the law. law, so that such incidents of violence against women will not happen again.
Therefore, she said that earlier she had said that the investigation into these illegal activities could be handed over to the CBI. ensure that the plaintiffs in the cases are not exposed to any harm.
When it comes to the need for the participation of villages in the field of health, the Minister said that it is necessary to set up a Village Health Council.
There are also those who become mentally ill when their homes are destroyed by natural disasters or when illnesses occur in their relatives.
Amazon says that the drone will fly at any time, if there is no illegal entry of foreigners into your home.
“The government should think of the local people first and not the foreigners because the suffering of the people of the area has increased due to the deterioration of the road,” he said.
Look at UP where many Muslims have supported Modi and we don't accept this,” said Shibun.
Jaya said, “For the first time, when I met, I was afraid, because I understood that there was a danger behind me.
Daplin replied. They had talked a lot about the man they had met last night.
“This is the step that Mithun has taken by returning the money he received from the group, the DD has been handed over to the officer investigating the Saradha corruption,” said the sources.
Apollo Hospital has been operating the hemo-dialysis center in Andhra Pradesh.
However, the kharmetor said, 'What is the father of the road?'
Now she understands that in the midst of poverty she will have to go through a great disgrace in front of the police.
This is according to the reply received from the Social Welfare Department and the information received from the state activist, Bah Disparsing Rani under the Right to Information Act (RTI),
Tariang FC have qualified for the final after beating Lakashiang 5-4 in the semifinal of the Pdengshakap Secondary School Football Knock Out Tournament held at Pdengshakap on Saturday.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few days, Rupang has seen that in the midst of the heavy rainfall, while holding the Shad Suk Mynsiem, the farmers have been able to hold the There is a shortage of water in Wah Umiam or Dam which has caused the state to face special difficulties. He went to meet with these farmers to ask them whether they have the power to bring rain to fill the Wah. My mother.
The lights will be turned on every evening from 5 pm to 12 pm until the 3rd of July of the New Year.
These are the things we have done all along, we have forgotten the judgment of the party that supports him.
“Recently, up to 40,000 kilos of heroin seized by the Narcotics Control Bureau and other agencies of the North Eastern States were destroyed on Saturday, March 8, 2022 in the presence of “It was a video conference with Defense Minister Amit Shah at a meeting held in Guwahati,” said Bah Mawrie.
The tragic and untimely death of Rev. Thomas Jones has been a tragic incident that will be remembered forever in Khasiland, but it is necessary to mention here that Rajendra Singh, The resigned Syiem of Jaintiapur was unable to return to his kingdom (Jowai) as he had hoped because he died in 1861 in Sylhet.
Police have also arrested a 35-year-old man for filming the incident and posting it on social media.
Nongstoiñ: Police in West Khasi Hills, after receiving a tip on the presence of illegal coal trucks in the area, have conducted a thorough search operation. in all the streets and roads throughout the area.
More than 4700 participants from 36 States and Union Territories participated in the KIYG in 25 sports including 5 traditional sports.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Education, Prof RC Laloo, said this in a meeting with the South Khasi KSU, Sohra today demanding the introduction of Science and Commerce courses in the college. has been teaching only the Arts Stream since its inception in
Furthermore, the article said that the existence of the company also poses a threat to the nation, due to the expenditure of the authorities.
The BJP is trying to win votes in the 2023 elections in Meghalaya.
“Of course, if we vote on 27th June 2023, we are sure to win but the victory is slow but now we have to win with at least 6,000 votes.
This is the insult to our people in our own state of Meghalaya.
Speaking after the EC meeting in Lausanne, Bach said the decision on the athletes of the two countries to participate in the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris and 2026 Winter Olympics, that decision will be taken at the right time to announce it publicly.
Besides, it was a festival of whose streets and whose streets.
Through a conspiracy with the Father, Nibon said that the Father had invited Ricky to the Ashrama and as soon as Ricky entered the Ashrama, the Father had closed the gates to enter. Ricky's family was surprised because he didn't think they would come to Guwahati.
They demanded that the wholesaler should deliver all the rice that should have reached these four villages and explain why he has not been able to deliver the share of the people.
Mynthong beat Sohmynting 2-0 goals in the first leg of the tournament. Romaric B Ngueufang scored the first goal for Mynthong in the 16th minute. 50 and Timmy Ringkhlem in the 75th minute.
Replying to this, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the PWD (Roads) department, said that the transportation of any vehicle is in accordance with the guidelines laid down by the Indian Roads. Congress (IRC) from National Highways to District and Village Roads.
We will not rest on this illegal implementation of this roster system from the beginning,” said KHNAM Working President Thomas Passah.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlai Circle on Thursday launched the 8th Inter-School Knockout Football Tournament 2022 at Mawlai Phudmuri Stadium.
The Water Resources Department has tried to dig the river, but has used siej as a dig.
On the demand to release teachers and technical staff to work in other jobs, the VC said that teachers who work in other jobs besides teaching (in office jobs) should be released. for the smooth running of the work of the university so that the operation of the university will not be interrupted and the teachers will be released as soon as the posts are filled. .
Even in the National Register of Citizens (NRC) conducted by the Government of Assam, there are more than 20 lakh people living in Assam whose names are not registered.
Mumbai Police said that a man named Roki Bhai had threatened to kill Salman on the 30th of this month. u from Rajasthan's Jodhpur.
“In every village there are Lower Primary Schools and Upper Primary Schools. I am sorry to see these schools. When I look at the schools, the teachers, the students and those who attend these village schools are those children from poor families while those who still have access to education are sent to schools. Khliehriat, Rymbai, Ladrymbai, Jowai, but I explain that if I come to power and if I reach the goal these schools will not be like this, I promise that all the villages will have At the same time I encourage the parents not to neglect the schools in the villages but to strive to improve them. they will still organize fetes to raise money but the leaders should have that proper budget for schools which will be beneficial, why I am saying this is because I am also a teacher and u Former members of the SMC, whenever we hold a fete, we teachers are talked to when we ask for money to help us run the work,” said Bah Dame.
Thus, the Ayushman Card can be used for children and parents at the two hospitals.
Adding on this, Bah PN Syiem said that the Federation of Khasi States has requested for a special status which has not been introduced.
Jevelin Shadap scored 92 runs, Kitbor Lyngdoh 37 runs and Markini Lathong 24 runs. Sunrise bowler Baniengskhem Laloo took four wickets each.
He said that as members of the party, they should be thoughtful, vigilant and ready to fight against the Drug War which has destroyed the nation.
The villagers have the right to earn money in their own state because they don't have any other way to flee and if foreigners are allowed to sell land, the future of the state will be destroyed. it has become dark and we shall never see our own small nation again.
In the incident, an Auto truck (ML-05-AB-3716) collided with an Alto K-10 (ML-10) at Riatlawsyiem, Mawtawar. -05-AA-5519 was hit by the truck and went into the night, but due to the presence of a tree, it stopped on top.
The road was constructed under the PMGSY scheme, and the contractor, after investigation by the CSWO (I), was found to be the resident of Umroi constituency, Bah Ngaidlang Dhar.
The question is since when has there been a notification from the State Government according to the CPC & CrPC to come into force.
Shillong, March 31: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government led by the National People's Party (NPP) has expressed its support to the people of the state who are willing to stand on their own feet. to remove unemployment.
Rymbai Iawpynsin is the top of the Super League with 15 points from 700 games while Sutnga SSSC has 13 points.
He said the seizure was very large.
Rajesh Bi Shnoi scored 2/55 in 9 overs.
“We have many great men in our nation, one of them is Soso Tham who was born in Sohra.
Therefore, the party strongly opposes the demand of the MLA of Mawhati to include these Tiwa (Lalung) people in the list of ethnic groups.
Congress supporters blocked the Bengaluru-Mysuru highway and four KSRTC buses were stoned.
In this age of technology, it’s not always easy to track down drug dealers.
If the leaders and traders do not follow it, there will be conflict among us who live in our own country.
These we have had to repair,” Goyal said.
Conrad also promised that all stakeholders will have the opportunity to participate in the second phase of the boundary talks to resolve the seven areas that are still in dispute.
Regarding the complaint filed by the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District against only 35 people, not against 41 people who went to take part in the wedding ceremony in Assam, Hek said He said that he has not yet received a report from the Deputy Commissioner, but the reason why he has not lodged a complaint against the six persons is that they have not been investigated.
He said that it has empowered the third level of governance in the country by providing administrative and technical support through Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) which have brought about the construction of infrastructure. live in a way that looks after the welfare of people and in a way that prepares for the future.
In response to the incident, India has strongly condemned the incident and said it was the duty of the country to provide safety measures to the workers working at the site.
He said that the order ban on the construction of buildings near the rivers will remain in force until the state government looks into the rules.
The Waheh Shnong Moolaber said that the village authority has met many times with the Father Diphu Diocese who is building the school and expressed its strong opposition to the church's plan to build the school, but it has gone ahead. chess with the cooperation of the police force to patrol the employees.
However, MPCC President DD Lapang said the party will not expel them from the party, as they do not show up to attend the meetings of other parties.
Furthermore, Bah Granary called upon all the civil society organizations to unite to fight against many of the causes of the jaidbynriew by forgetting the differences.
One is in eternal heaven and the other in eternal hell.
Meghalaya has won three gold, six silver and four bronze medals.
The training center was inaugurated by Dr (Mrs) MPR Lyngdoh in the presence of the trainees and members of SBUK. explain that the Khasi themselves do not know how to speak their own language.
In all three categories, Under-14 men, Under 17 men and Under 17 women, 11 teams won the title. and only one game ended in a draw.
The Bhutanese team for these matches has arrived on the second day of this month.
All these are Khasi customs which should not be influenced by the Dkhar customs.
This training is the 3rd Batch of Skill Training.
Shillong, Nailar 19: The Uranium Corporation of India (UCIL) has donated T.33,16,92,390 to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Council (KHADC) for the 20 km Wahkaji-Mawthabah road.
Hamas militants today shot dead 18 suspected Israeli informers, seven of whom were lined up and shot dead after midnight prayers. day.
He said that for those who rely on the ideology of the Congress party, the party is ready to accept them, and for those who just want benefits or expect something from the party, it is difficult to achieve them. their desires.
The curfew will now have new rules, which will be revised and these will be for the areas falling under the Red, Green and Orange Zones, where those areas in the Green and Orange Zones will be tightened. Orange Zones.
Bah Paul said that Kong Phidalia Toi should have attended up to three meetings of the Commission according to the rules but she has missed up to four meetings and has also attended the election campaign for the candidate of the Commission. NPP Jowai candidate Wailadmiki Shylla has won the MLA elections.
Sharamon Shabong (Light), Sd.
Please send me daily Rupang news to my email.
But here is the good news for those whom the world despises, but God loves them, seeks them, those who have been rejected by others in this world. world, God needs them.
One night, after coming home from Lydia's house, Hep couldn't sleep anymore. He saw and heard Lydia's voice.
We see that these leaders of ours are the same and sometimes we cannot trust them.
More than 10,700 residents of Manipur have so far sought refuge in different parts of the state following the outbreak of heavy clashes and bloodshed in Manipur. Mizoram and also in the western parts of Assam.
It is worth mentioning that at the meeting, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA Nongkrem, in his speech, promised that if any officers come to close down the quarries, They should bring them with the ambulance, because if they come to stop, he will tie them with a tyrnem from their hands.
The date and month of the Grand Finale will be announced soon on the Indian TV channel.
“Only the villages in Assam inhabited by the Khasi have been allowed to go to the market, but the people of Assam and the market dwellers in Assam no longer buy agricultural products from the Khasi.
“He also expressed his satisfaction and pride to see the growth of football in the State.
Shillong, Lber 08: In collaboration with the world to celebrate the International Women's Day, the Social Welfare Department of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the State Hub for Women's Empowerment and the Meghalaya State Rural Livelihoods Society (WWSO) International Women's Day was celebrated at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
The minister in front of the party promised to expedite the process as it has been too long.
After the 12 MLAs were sworn in as ministers of the MDA-II government, this reporter had the opportunity to talk to the youngest minister of the government.
After the inspection, the union has warned the managers of these Kudam khaw, not to buy or supply such types of rice, as it could lead to the destruction of the rice. The health of the people who eat it especially the young children who still need to get food to build their bodies and to be the future of the nation.
At last, the Government of Meghalaya through the Principal Secretary Education has issued an official notification that the candidates of the SSLC and HSSLC Exam 2021 are no longer required to take the Selection Test. In the SSLC and HSSLC examinations conducted by the MBOSE, there are different categories of candidates.
The second round of talks on the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya could take place by the end of November, said the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma.
Marken B Kharkongor scored 26 runs while Pynbhalang Kharsati was named Player of the Match.
The CEM, who is also an MDC from the area, said that if more tourist attractions are created, it will be a golden opportunity for the youth of the area to get jobs by setting up resorts and others.
Therefore, steps will be taken to ensure that the border disputes will be resolved soon,” said the Minister. where it will require the support and intervention of the Government of India to end it completely.
Here the article clearly shows the importance of love and how it works in life especially in society.
Therefore, if there is a shortage of doctors, it will put the sick in great trouble.
You don't have to worry about it.
Shillong: Former Meghalaya MPCC President James Lyngdoh, who resigned from his post today, said that the beginning of the destruction of the Congress party in the state has been since 30th November
We urge the government to take seriously this recruitment by reading and understanding the rules and regulations laid down by the NCTE and implementing them exactly as directed so that it will not be subject to any problems. troubles and disturbances as they have happened in the past.
He also explained about the ways and means to get support through bank loans such as farmer loan or Kisan Credit Card and said that now for loans under 170,000 tyngka, borrowers do not need to deposit band.
It is known that they have the power to fight against colds and to fight against germs that appear in the body which are very helpful during the rainy season.
The scrutiny of the nominations was held on 14th March but three candidates withdrew the next day and filed for the post of Vice President, Treasurer and Councilor.
However, we know that the government does not have the will to punish those involved in illegal mining.
However, nowadays, it is no longer necessary to maintain the same system of village management only for the elders.
Experts from Jaswant Singh Gill, officials of the Directorate of Mining and Safety arrived at the site and advised the District authorities to pump the water using powerful machines. strength.
Roland said that as it is now, it has appeared in the media that Reming will leave the UDP. “But until now he is still the UDP and we are still the UDP. “I don't know what will happen later,” said Bah Roland.
Some have 3000 and some have 10, 000 thousand.
“I'm not wrong to say that if you're really poor, you can't stop studying.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are six high risk cases, in East Garo Hills, three cases, including one high risk case, one health worker and one policeman.
The comments showed that they were against ending the festival on Sunday.
This leads to the spending of public money without any benefit to the people.
“This is not true and I don't know anything about it," he said.
Memmillin Snaitang, Hajong Dance, Lyngngam Dance, Bengali Dance, Garo Dance, Khasi Dance and Greatman Wanniang performed traditional dance.
He said, “Nevertheless, thy will be done.
Before the state was formed, there was no Cabinet or a full Legislative Assembly,” he said.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet has also convened a meeting with the non-natives and residents of Meghalaya to discuss the purchase and sale of land in the border area especially in the villages. Pilangkata, Mykhuli, Umtyrnga and others.
This means not only to those disciples and apostles of that time, but also to us today who believe that Jesus died and rose from the dead.
Perhaps what many people don't expect is that one of the leaders who has served hard for many years to the rural people in his state, Bah Ollan Sing Suiñ, who is the most popular candidate. The people of Mawsynram area until he carried the nampop of honor according to the contribution he has made to the society.
Sengram, or Rakkam, has been involved in the GNLA's violent activities, including killing, kidnapping and raping women in many villages.
Today alone, there are 101 new cases and 570 cases in the district.
Rijiju inaugurated the two-day Tenth Biennial National Conference of the Physics Academy of North East (PANE) today.
The second place winner in the Inter School Sports Meet 2023 was Nongmynsong Presbyterian Secondary School.
Lenpdeng Shnong demanded that the Mela should be closed while Lenmawtap said that if they want, they should bring an order from the DC to close the Mela. for the reason that they have permission.
Dr. Dutta said that the planting of trees was done using the Akira Miyawaki Method of Environmental Forest Planting.
The doctors were surprised that there was no atomic plant in Punjab.
The union said that as the government has allocated for various projects, if it does not give jobs to the contractors, what will they get? Shillong, July 21: A woman from Nongshiliang, Nongthymmai, Shillong, has lodged a complaint on the 19th of this month. She received a telephone call in the evening, in which the speaker demanded that she should pay T.10 lakh, which she should pay on the 20th of July at Lum Laitkor or Happy Valley, Shillong.
But God told him that he (Moses) could not go there.
Bayern Leverkusen became the first Bundesliga club to finish an unbeaten season.
The KSCMD was inaugurated on 29.04.1949 at Dinam Hall, Jaïaw.
The Seng also wishes those who have been seriously injured to get stronger from day to day.
He said that the land was owned by Bah Twilington Marbaniang and has an area of ​​100 acres, but it was sold to the BSF. Manosha Warjri, through Power of Attorney.
Lou Majaw has entertained the audience, both children and adults, with his various songs.
Paiem Balajied Syiem, in his blessings to the children of the Hima, congratulated the Mawryngkneng C&RD Block and the VECs in Umphrup.
Shillong: The annual climb to Lum Sohpetbneng has started on the 26th of July, with thanksgiving, prayer, phirat and khriam at Law Nongthroh at the foot of Lum Sohpetbneng.
All the drivers have come out to protest against the increase in the price of petrol, they have demanded to reduce the price of petrol, but now their souls are filled with joy that they have received from 60 to without thinking of the public.
At the same time, Abhilash Banarwal, has seen with his own eyes the government buildings and government offices in Saipung which have been left empty without being used by the employees who should work.
The department also said that 28,595 cows have been vaccinated to prevent the spread of tuberculosis.
Your work is equally long.
Furthermore, on his part, he promised as the leader, to give his cooperation to assist and promote the tourism industry in this village.
“When the owner of the taxi hands over to the driver, he will know where the driver will take the robbers in the car and also the incident at the Marvelenn Inn”.
Besides these MLAs from Ri Bhoi, other party leaders including Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU, Bah Dundee C. Khongsit, President of FKJGP, Bah Sadon K. .Blah, President of the HNYF and others.
There is a total deficit of 6687 teachers in the state from lower primary to higher secondary.
At the meeting held at Pinewood Hotel, it was seen that a large number of party leaders came to meet the AICC Meghalaya leader. their views regarding the candidates applying for tickets for the Lok Sabha elections.
Nongpoh Police Station is conducting an investigation to find out the facts of the incident.
Rahul Gandhi can now appeal to the High Court in Gujarat, the Sessions Court has granted bail and extended the two-year jail sentence imposed on him by the Metropolitan Magistrate. Court on October 23, until he applies to suspend the sentence.
It is time for the NPP to raise the issue raised by Purno and to express to the Government of India the need to divide the states and create new states according to the wishes. and public desire.
Other speakers included the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Dr. EM Blah and a graduate of Skill Meghalaya, Jefferson Lyngdoh who encouraged the students to work hard and minutes. so that they may reap the fruits of victory.
According to these leaders, it is understood that the leadership of the Mawlai Block Congress as it is now has already been elected but what remains now is for her to decide whether she will succeed or not.
Through this complaint, AHAM also informed that not only is there illegal smuggling of coal but also violations of the rules and regulations especially in the smuggling of coal.
Besides, there will also be discussions on border development projects and also on the full implementation of the Coordinated Border Management Plan (CBMP) and Confidence Building Measures (CBMs).
Any nation that threatens the country of Hynniewtrep will have to face the consequences.
The match will be played at Minerva Sports Complex, Chandigarh at 4 pm.
The funeral service will be held on September 18, 2021 at the Jowai Presbyterian Church Cemetery.
Garo Hills MLAs to hold Winter Session in Garo Hills and Khasi Jaintia MLAs to conduct Khasi and Jaintia subjects in Shillong, and at the same time to hold session in Garo Hills Hills and Shillong.
What else is happening now at this time, this Corona virus which is called COVID-19 has not come in the form of fear but in the form of enlightenment.
During the programme, the participants were seen with traditional aisha and leafy foods.
Roykupar said that the Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills is preparing a report to send to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and after that the DC will send it to the DEO. this bag.
“The file and the MRSSA Bill have been sent to the Office of the President,” he said.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya has recently set up a special committee with four members to look into the roster system.
“For 20 days, the protest has continued against the theft of Nagaland land in Assam, but nothing has happened.
It is to be recalled that the state government through the Urban Affairs Department has built 44 units of poor houses at Umbuda village which is only 1km away from Nongpoh. housing for the homeless through the Integrated Housing and Slum Development Program of the Central Government.
Shillong, July 11 : The National People's Party (NPP) has rejected the ticket of its incumbent MLA from Raksamgre Constituency and given him the ticket. Former Congress MLA Limison D Sangma has been elected.
Mawkyrwat, June 27: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of Mawkyrwat Circle today held a meeting with the staff of the Mawkyrwat Sub Post Office in Mawkyrwat. to seek accurate information on the complaints of the people who come to need this area which is alleged to be slow and slow in the working methods.
All three bodies were handed over on Thursday, July 25 and the body of Shyam Charan Debberma was handed over on Saturday, July
The CEM was also asked what the PDF will do about the post of Lamphang which it has already announced that it has elected Bah Mansturdy Nongrem. Teilinia Thangkhiew, Chairperson of the ARPA, Pynshngain said that the PDF does not want to stand up immediately by introducing a No-Confidence (NC) to force the Chairperson to step down; He said that the next Dorbar will be a Budget Dorbar and not a discussion Dorbar, and the PDF is not in a hurry.
In addition to the Lord's Supper, the church meets to pray and sing spiritual songs (I Cor. 14:15-16).
If there is no change within these 15 days to move and lift the blockade of the road passing through this area, it will force me to take other measures and I will take a decision and I will will be announced later.
Shillong, July 24: The Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (MSASA) will hold a meeting of SSA teachers in East Jaintia Hills and West Jaintia Hills District on the 28th of this month at the District Library Auditorium, Mynthong, Jowai. At 10:30 pm, the President of the union, Bah AC Rymbai, said that the meeting will discuss the outstanding issues of the teachers. attend on that day so that the work can go smoothly.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today expressed its concern over the passage of the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 by the Government of India. years ago, but the Government of India has given the status of minorities only the second Indian status and the status of Scheduled Tribes and the HNLC. The tokenism of the minorities in India is one of the reasons why India has been portrayed in the eyes of the world as a country that upholds democracy.
In a statement, the Syiem(s) said that the order of the Hon'ble Guwahati High Court dated 24th July August), 2010 which said and ordered as follows: –On this day, the Syiems informed the Chief Secretary that this recent order from the District Council Affairs (DCA) will seriously affect the work of the District Council Affairs (DCA). the office in relation to the administration and justice within the Hima because they do not have the opportunity to collect the tax on the goods produced by the Hima.
The court has already said that all medical treatment will be provided to him as he is entitled to during this period of interrogation, he said.
Shillong, June 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday announced the Ginger Mission as part of the Sying farming mission in Meghalaya. 1.5 lakh metric tonnes per annum in the next three years.
H.Shovel.
The special ceremony was conducted near Lum Mookhai by the Paswet, Pakyntein and Pasubon Sangots in the presence of the Dolloi, Pator, Langdoh and Basan.
From the image of a child between gold, myrrh and incense to the image of three, sympathy trees, a crown of thorns and a cross.
He also called on the residents and government departments to take responsibility for the welfare of the Myntdu River, urging them to refrain as much as possible from spreading garbage in the river. Your mind.
The incident happened on the 2nd of November 2023, at Lad Umroi at about 7 pm.
The HYC has urged the MLAs, MDCs, Dolloi, Waheh Chong, Sengbhalang and the people of Jaintia Hills to stand united against the railway line and demand the implementation of the ILP to prevent the infiltration of villages. other nations.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla said that nothing can be done on the transfer of North Jowai Division to Shangpung Sub-Division which has been upgraded to Shangpung Sub-Division as 95 percent of the roads are under the jurisdiction of the Jowai Sub-Division. Shangpung Sub Division.
The materials distributed to the students include pencils, pencils, erasers, pencils, torch lights, sharpeners, crayons, sketch book coloring, chalk, physical map of India with world vegetables chart, alphabet chart, first aid box, almirah match kits box, green board and football jerseys.
The young daughter of Bapli had to leave school and raise children.
The kingdoms of Maram, Jaintia, Shella, Khyrim, Mawiang, Sohra, and others were called Talwiar of the sky.
Raj Narayan Mishra, commander of the 200th Battalion of the BSF, who serves in Praharinagar, Tura, went missing for about 8 hours on Tuesday in the dense forests of the Nokrek Biosphere Reserve.
There are many reasons why unity has not been fully realized from the past to the present.
In another accident, two men were seriously injured when their vehicle (ML06 6307) collided with a truck at Pyndenglawar near Circuit House. Nonstop.
It was also stated that there is a physical measurement test for the physical characteristics of the candidates, but it was not explained in the announcement whether there is a difference in the physical measurement test. the height of the shadem along with others, for the Khasi and foreigners.
There are 12 residents who have not received their foodgrains for 14 months because they have not received their foodgrains because they have sold more than the price set by the government It is reported that the distributor distributes the rice at the price of T.5 tyngka.
However, all the works of promotion are shared.
The final matches of the Super Division season were held on Tuesday at four stadiums in the district.
But when Jesus said to Nicodemus, “Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God” (John 3:3).
Marweiñ said that in the past years, in the second and third months of July, dozens of Mahindra Pickups have lined up twice a day at Nongkasen, Laitkseh, Marngor and Markasa to fill up. biscuits for export around the world.
Gokhale also criticized James Sangma by asking, “Why has the NPP as a national party been hiding from the people and the Election Commission of India the expenditure in the elections for four years and five months.
This difference of opinion, which arises from the State Reservation Policy, is the reason why it is best for us to walk on our own path, just like Lot and Abraham. .
She was taken out of the ring and breathed and today, she was able to breathe on her own and escaped, according to a source from the hospital.
Through the EPP, up to 200 players have completed 10 years of training.
The winner of the tournament, the Syiem Football Club, won the trophy and a cash prize of T.50,0
Before the end of the first half, Ambernath FC scored two more goals through Johnson Joseph Mathews in the 87th minute and Himanshu Patil (88th) in the 88th minute. you have won the victory.
We expect the district authorities of West Karbi Anglong to force the KAAC to remove the revenue collection gate in order to reduce the violence in Khanduli and to restore peace.
Sambor Surong President West Jaintia Hills District Adventure Sport Mountaineering Club and its members including Illuminate Surong and Wellborn Dkhar were present at the distribution of food items.
He gave birth to his twin sons, Eva and Mateo on July 8, 2017 in the United States through surrogacy.
Besides, the Mawlai Bypass has helped a lot as many vehicles coming from Guwahati or Sharum to Laitumkhrah have entered this road and left Mawkynroh.
“The party has also suspected that perhaps the reason for the delay is something behind the contract works.
Everest, Mt.
In the absence of thought, the bapli loses his power of speech.
On this occasion, the sacrifice was held along with the shuid ka shor which was held according to the teachings of the old men to preserve the Tynrai given by the Syiem of Raid Marwet together with the Hima Mylliem who gave the thanks. it praises the Creator who has cared for and given prosperity to the land of the raid and who has prayed for the prosperity and welfare of the children of the thousand raid.
Conrad said the MSPCB will also use modern equipment to monitor the water pollution.
From midnight on Thursday until midnight on Saturday, this law will be in force.
He said the United States and South Korea continue to exercise their military forces to date and the cooperation between the two countries has angered North Korea because North Korea counts He said that the attack is a preparation of the two countries to attack North Korea in the coming days.
Tamil Nadu, Gujarat, Karnataka, West Bengal, Maharashtra and some other states have shown growth although not very fast.
The Seng will meet with the Chief Minister to express its opposition to this proposal,” he said.
For this reason, the annual Dorbar Kur which was scheduled to be held in Sohryngkham has also decided to suspend this year due to the violence in the state.
You can eat an egg between the choice of breakfast.
Due to the shortage of people in South Korea, the country has offered to provide a buskit of 10 million won or $740 per month to a family with a child, the report said.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 90202 and out of these 86265 have recovered and 1515 have died.
He visited her kitchen and toilet.
K.Sangma, said that there was no political party or religious group involved in this incident, but this action of the LRO, has caused great injury and created ethnic differences. , added Mr. Mawphniang.
In order to convert the university into a State University, the MDA-II Government is preparing to introduce an Amendment Bill to convert the Act, 2011 into a State University.
Shillong: Police in Sohra, have seized 15 stolen motorcycles and another scooty and arrested three persons involved in the case.
The letter said that the Sengbhalang leaders who demand ILP in the state should be arrested.
In the final of the U-17 Women's, Rongrong Union UPS beat Resu Union SS 3-1 goals. K. Marak (5), but Rongrong Union managed to turn the tide through three goals through Rikambe W. Sangma (15), Wanmisha Marak (21) and Rikambe W. Sangma (25).
The first match of the tournament was between Laitjem CC and Friends United CC. The first match of the tournament was between Friends United CC and Friends United CC. United CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2016 (Arts) have been announced today.
The Congress-led MUA Government has achieved this goal of building a Medical College but three years after the MDA Government came to power in the State, it has not been able to do so. to do something about this desire of the youth who want to see their own Medical College so that they can train themselves in the line of Doctor in the country without having to apply for seats in Medical Colleges who are outside the State.
Gokulam Kerala FC, who are also the champions of the tournament, played well from the start.
He said Hindu religious groups and the BJP are strong in Assam and it seems that the party could come to power in Assam next year.
Pynursla, Lber, 12: The depositors of the Meghalaya Co-operative Apex Bank, Pynursla have once again suffered the loss of 500 and 1000 tyngka notes. The bank has asked all the depositors to do the Know Your Customer (KYC) but when the people went to the place many of them did not get to do it because the bank accepted only a few depositors to do the KYC The bank on a daily basis accepts only 15 depositors even though hundreds of people have lined up to comply with the bank's order.
West Garo Hills has 13 cases, West Jaintia Hills has 42 cases, Mihmyntdu has 4 cases, Mookyndur 3, Mooralong 6, Nongtalang 12 and Salini Colony 3 cases.
Long live VPP, in Prah we will not fight, and only one will fight.
(By Bah AS Khongphai)- (Election of Members of Assam) After the independence of the state, Bah BB Lyngdoh won the election from 1972 to the end of
Metbah is an MLA from Mairang constituency, where he has won three terms from the UDP. If the MDA respects Dr. Don, it should support the UDP candidate from Shella.
The vehicle was driven by Shaniah Kharmawphlang, 19 years old.
There were 30 participants in this walk which started from the garden and then went back to the forest near the village to introduce and gather information about the traditional foods.
Mawkyrwat, November, 06: The Seng Samla Shnong Sohkhyllam with the aim of encouraging the youth of Sohkhyllam Village has held an award ceremony and honoring for 4 students who have passed well in the examinations. as well as the 2022 Talent Show.
Nig has also provided seeds and we have also set up Processing Units to support in the marketing of agricultural products,” he said.
Rublev lost 7-6 (7/5), 4-6, 6-3 to German Yannick Hanfmann.
About 25 participants from all over India including talented teams from Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka and Meghalaya took part in the competition.
Out of the 4550 water supply systems implemented since 15th July 2019, 4,00,812 household water supply systems have been operational.
The commission also wants the government to build a new building to reduce the overcrowding to reduce the overcrowding in the existing room.
A bomb was thrown that caused disease in the environment.
In the Boys Single U-15 category, Hasael Nealson Shabong won by defeating Owayomi Toi.
Poilang Thawmuit scored 37 runs from 44 balls while Mebanshab Kharsati scored 28 runs from 17 balls and Nangkiewdoh Moore Don took 2 wickets. to 4 Overs.
In the women's football category, Seng Khasi Secondary School won second, Umthlong Nongthliew Government Secondary School won second and RWR won fourth.
The total number of projects allocated and implemented is Rs 46.96 crore.
After the arrest of a man yesterday, the state police have arrested three more youths from the villages of 3 mer on charges of involvement in the throwing of stones. this car.
Police received a tip at 5 pm that the vehicle was heading to Guwahati and Byrnihat police seized the vehicle and searched it and arrested two persons. the people in the vehicle.
Let me tell you that as soon as I arrived in Khanapara, I had to speak only Hindi.
He said that let this awareness on the importance of drinking water enter and become flesh and blood in the minds of each and every citizen of the state and the country as a whole.
However, the SLFC didn't come out of the group as the two goals they scored came from penalties, while the first penalty came from the penalty spot. Naorem Mahesh Singh scored the first goal in the 67th minute and Phrangki Buam scored the second penalty in the 82nd minute.
Regarding these issues, which have been faced by the people living in the border villages of Meghalaya-Assam, especially in Block-1 and Block-2, the union will hold talks with the union groups from Meghalaya. He added that the two governments should take action to discuss and resolve the border issues.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that the name Bharat has always been included in the Constitution of the country and its use depends on the words spoken.
In the first leg, Jamshaphrang Kharsati scored the first goal for Kharang SC in the 26th minute.
We the taxpayers have to pay salaries to the wads even if they just sit down.
When Jesus saw her, he called out to her, “Woman, you are freed from your infirmity!” This miracle also tells and reveals the way of thinking and understanding of Jesus. about women in the era in which he lived.
Significance digitization as the basis of all activities in the economy is widely accepted.
Mac Donald Kharkrang scored the first goal for Lapalang in the 22nd minute from the penalty spot.
Pynshngain said there was no violation of the rules and the Governor had already approved and there was no need to issue a notice from the government as the Governor and the CEM had approved.
“The job of journalists is beautiful at the same time it is a very difficult job that they have to do,” said Ampareen.
They said that Zenith Sangma's remarks have encouraged all the leaders and members of the Youth Congress across the state especially in the rural areas.
It shall establish a Central Monitoring Committee under the chairmanship of the Secretary, Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change and shall include officers below the rank of Joint Secretary or advisors from the following government departments: Development 2) Ministry of Rural Development 3) Ministry of Chemicals and Fertilizers 4) Ministry of Agriculture 5) Central Pollution Control Board 6) Three State Pollution Control Boards or Pollution Control Committees 7) Urban Development Departments 8) Rural Development Departments of the three State Governments 9) Three Urban Local Bodies 10) Two census towns (rotation) 11) FICCI, CII 12) Two other persons involved in this field.
At the same time, Jewish law allowed refugees or poor people to stay and eat from the fields of the rich.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Stenis Pyngrope, President of the Union, said that the Union has refused to accept the proposal because they do not want to mix politics with the Sordars or Rangbah Shnongs.
At the same time, he said that the PHE has been more encouraged regarding the construction of the water pipeline in Lad Mawreng area after the land owner has allowed it to operate the pipeline after discussions. understanding.
General Shankar Choudhury, former Rajya Sabha MP and former Chief of Staff of the Army, has praised the Rajya Sabha MP for his strong speech on how India should liberate India. you have money in India.
In the raid conducted last April, the department witnessed 12 cases and seized 1,100 liters of pyrsi and 52,110 liters of phareng.
In a statement, signed by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bandary Ryntathiang and Bah Synrap Nongrum, Secretary, the Dorbar Shnong said that the reason for the invitation is to invite those people who own land in the area. The village has been unable to identify the owners of the land within the village.
On this occasion, the KSU leaders have requested the electricity authorities to allow the electricity to be on in the morning, afternoon and evening as the people use the light well. He added that they should turn off the lights at night as the people at night do not use the lights.
Rgh DL Nongbri said that he hopes that the owners of this mobile tower will soon come and take away their belongings from this place.
For the implementation of National Health Mission in the State of Meghalaya, the office of the Director of Health Services (MCH&FW) Meghalaya, Shillong invites application from eligible and interested candidates for the following posts on Contract Basis as per detailed below.
Sangma said the Prime Minister has a good idea and said that the merger of all the states and cities is for the benefit of the country as a whole.
The question now is whether the Congress party is still able to turn its head to these North Eastern Hills? At present, even in Assam, the BJP has spread and the Congress party seems to have lost heart.
North Korea has strongly warned the United States against sending warplanes and warships to its coast and said that if the US continues to do so, it will North Korea will not hesitate to retaliate with nuclear weapons because the US actions at this time have endangered North Korea's security.
The GSU demands that MeECL should appoint more staff so that it can provide services to the people of Garo Hills as at present there are many shortcomings and it has put the people in a difficult situation. great.
He said that at present, he does not know whether these drugs are bad because he does not know them and he was surprised when he saw them in the media.
Prestone's remarks came after Shillong MP Vincent H Pala praised him by saying that since Prestone took over the police department, those high levels have ended. They don't have any more challans because they don't have challans according to the auction of coal by Coal India Limited.
The meeting was held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem in the presence of VPP President Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit. Aibandaplin Lyngdoh Nonglait and other leading office bearers of the VPP. Hundreds of people raised their hands to support the VPP's campaign to change the party. Roster System which has implemented the recruitment system for young job seekers.
Shillong, July 15 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew and Minister in charge of Agriculture, Shillong, on Tuesday said that during the appointment of Ministers in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government, all the candidates have refused. The Ministry of Agriculture and he himself took it because the residents of his constituency are farmers.
“The reason is that people also wait for vehicles from this place and also those who earn vehicles also stand in line for people and this has affected a lot, so we have decided, as an attempt, From today onwards, the traffic branch will issue an order that from 8 pm to 11 pm and from 5 pm to 7 pm, no vehicles will be allowed to park or drop off vehicles. Auto Mawlai taxis will be allowed only to drop off passengers and no parking lot will be allowed and a line will be provided at the drop off point,” said the MLA. Commercial vehicles should not create problems for themselves, but should cooperate to stop vehicles from the right places and drivers should also stop from the right places to think of others and not just for their own good.
This was stated by the General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah James MA Neng, after submitting the petition to the Chief Secretary of the State, Bah DP Wahlang.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Erson Marwein, President of the Butcher Association of Meghalaya, said that at the meeting held today between the farmers and the Butcher Association of Meghalaya, They have decided to suspend the sale of beef in the state after the outbreak of Lumpy Skin Disease. and the peace of mind of the people to buy back the meat.
This is the reason why a person feels tired, fatigued and finds it difficult to concentrate on any tasks.
Speaking at the Meghalaya Next Event held at the Convocation Hall, NEHU on 15th June, Commissioner & Secretary Dr Vijay Kumar D said, “Today we have launched the State Organic Mission.
The time has come for us to work together to fight against this traffic jam.
O God! O Son of man, give us the opportunity and strength to live, To continue to accomplish the remaining works, Who can tell who can? Only He who holds life and time in His hands.
“This village has only 200 households and at present all the households have to use only solar lights and we are facing a lot of difficulties in the time of schooling,” he said. Inspection.
This time, the sports department has decided to send the team to take part in the competitions in Shooting, Basketball, Athletics and Boxing.
“The ongoing collapse of the Assembly building is one of the biggest examples of corruption, and think of how many more incidents will come to light,” he said. said Ahmed.
Five women Congress office bearers in Imphal were injured in a clash with police on Friday after a bomb blast.
The program was held in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer, the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA) and the NPRPD Scheme. The central theme is, “Ways and means to bring about economic development through the use of new technologies or training and to reach out to all places in order to bring about equality”.
Royal Ïawphñïaw of Pyndengrei SCSC won the best goalkeeper title, Hanlis Syiemlieh of Khliehmawlieh YC won the best goalkeeper. The highest scorer was Living Nongrang of Khliehmawlieh YC, who has scored six goals since the start of the tournament.
Although the KHADC has directed the Committee to complete the work as soon as possible, if it cannot complete the work on time, the KHADC can write to the State Government to direct the Governor to extend the work. before the term of office of MDC and to postpone the election for a while until the completion of the work.
Lawyer VK Jindal, who represented the CBI, said he had received the explanations from the five today and asked for two days to respond to the writings of the four. On the other hand, Bah ND Chullai, said that he has received the reply of these four persons today, but he has not received the reply of the lead complainant, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. hearing on the case, November 15, 2016.
"She said again. When she got home, her father asked, "Where are you staying, son?" "They don't let me go out, I have to drink and sit down..." Lydia replied. You are very good people, my son, and honorable...” The father spoke again. So Lydia went about the other chores she had to do at home with her mother.
The UDP is now preparing to contest against Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Working President of the party and former leader of the Khasi Students Union (KSU). support in the upcoming MP elections.
“In the past few days, we have seen on social media that there are many pictures and videos on Facebook, WhatsApp and others. It is the media that affects the feelings of the children of the Catholic Church when they see such insulting images spread in the media.
The JSU has expressed its deep concern over the financial crisis of the JHADC, to the extent that it has not been able to pay the salaries of its employees for more than six months. of the council to hold a protest.
If the BDO fails to perform his duties, he shall inform the Secretary of the C&RD who sits at the Secretariat.
Speaking on her arrival in Shillong, Sushmita said, “I feel sorry for Conrad for joining the BJP, a party that divides the people and destroys the society”.
However, it was said that they have decided that all the thor land should go to Assam and the hill sharing should go to Meghalaya, and this is where the Tea Garden has been lost.
Japan and India in July have already jointly exercised their military forces and the Kishida government is also planning to invite Australia and India to the G-7 summit. to be held in January, to discuss some of the most important issues since the war in Ukraine, as well as nuclear issues and climate change at this time.
The sender of the information, did not have any information about the discovery of the blue soil and this journalist, cannot comment on anything, because it is a type of soil, which has never been seen before. health in Khasi.
The VPP has admitted that the EVM at the polling station no 44 Mawrie B has been found to be in ON mode which in fact should have been in OFF mode. The Returning Officer has ordered that the polling station No 8 Nongkseh Pyrda and Lumpdeng B will be counted by VVPAT slip instead of by EVM. Jowai, Lber 06 : The 21st KJP Synod Youth Service, at the Moodymmai Presbyterian Church, which started on January 3, 2023, has come to an end on Tuesday. Sunday 5th on the theme “Stand Firm and Courageous”.
On receiving information about the incident, the HUFAN team together with the Shillong Happy Tails, rushed to the scene.
He said that many youths are taken to Mumbai or other big cities to do modeling but eventually fall into the trap of prostitution.
The ceremony was conducted by Bah Augustine Wahlang, Chairman of the Confederation.
Police later took the man away and registered a case against him under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
Etan and three children, two boys aged 10 and 6 years and a daughter aged 4 years, died after their house collapsed. .
AIS SujaThe word DUWAI means to ask for information, plea, prayer and so on.
The election in Sohiong has been postponed after the death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, who passed away 10 months before the start of the election on 20th June.
The opening ceremony was attended by Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya as the chief guest. Hima Mylliem, Raid Leaders, Rangbah Shnongs and residents of the area.
The party leader also strongly criticized the leaders of the past five years, saying that the previous leaders have not done anything and it is this government. and the leaders who have been able to bring about so many development projects.
“Are we attracting real teachers through fair pay? And you can’t get real apprentices unless you offer commensurate salaries with the necessary human resources.
There are 27 injured and 2 dead.
In fact, the Government should contain all the patients in containment areas, where they will be supervised by doctors, nurses and other experts.
He congratulated the party workers and colleagues in the MDA who have worked hard despite not yet reaching the goal.
He said the BJP has struggled to gain a foothold in the eastern part of India by joining hands with the national parties of the states.
The complaint also alleged that at 4.30 pm, an unknown person came to them and told them that he wanted to be their friend.
I look forward to that time when the Khasi will be the masters of the Khaïi-Pateng in their own country.
The Commission will look into this and we expect it to give its recommendations to the State Government,” said Bah Shangpliang while speaking at the ceremony and awarding ceremony of the State Government by MSSASA held at U Soso. Tham Auditorium.
The song is composed by Kitrina Nongrum and edited by Micky Lyngdoh.
Mawkyrwat, June 20: The office of the Sub Divisional & Health Officer, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with other departments today held a Health Mela at Sakwang Presbyterian Higher School. Secondary School with the aim of providing free and adequate services in the field of health and other government schemes and registration of visitors.
These things were prophesied by Daniel.
In this area, there are many fish ponds to raise fish and distribute fish seeds to farmers.
It is only if all the farmers in the country take a decision not to sell anything to the market for six months or two months or more and the produce should be shared among themselves.
Furthermore, what has shocked the police is that after the killing of these three persons, their bodies were burnt to death.
In Jowai, students from Marian Hill, St. Mary Mazzarello and North Liberty Higher Secondary Schools took part in the programme.
Do you remember the story of Klew and the Sun how Klew left the sun in the hands of the Pertyrso and how he died later?
Damewanhi Rymbai is also the former President of the JYF, a school teacher, the Village Authority of Moolamylliang, the leader of the Bahkhla Sengkur and others. The Forest Department of the State Government.
Not only that, Sharma also admitted that in the last three years, dewbilat worth Rs 19.45 crore has been stolen or misused, and those involved in this case are employees of factory, employees, contractors, weighbridge workers, workers in the dewbilat sales and delivery department, and truck drivers.
However, Rangjyrteh did not fall under the jurisdiction of the Mawmluh Hima but as a major silver production center it was severely affected by this war as the silver traders were from Mawmluh, Sohra and others.
Shillong, Nailar 17 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma and the Symbud of the Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, have promised to submit the report of the inquiry to the House in the Synrai Dorbar starting from 9th November 2022, Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie hopes that the government will take action and bring forward the report of the investigation into the shooting death of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew. house of council.
The JYF expresses its gratitude and pride to this young man who has been able to fight against other ethnic groups of India who are in the same school in Bihar.
Police sources said that the incident happened after the man left his family house to stay at the house of his relative. He asked the man if he would stay or if he would leave and he replied that he would stay first.
After the death of (L) Dr.John Sailo Ryntathiang from Covid 19, we see in the newspapers that those in his family have been affected by this disease. In the midst of a great sorrow and hopelessness, the dark cloud has just covered the family with the loss of the Father of the family who was the provider and the strengthener of the whole family. sa and can you wan jia.
In East Khasi Hills, the turnover of workers has reached 100 percent.
This writer is 44 years old.
“I am afraid that there are groups of people who do not want this border settlement to reach its goal or to be fair,” Prestone told reporters especially on the Memorandum of Understanding. Understanding (MoU) signed between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border issue in 6 or 12 areas between the border disputes.
The total number of cases in the state has reached 84715 out of which 83098 have recovered and 1477 have died.
The Roman Empire and his fellow Jews accused Him, accusing Him of being a seditionist and a blasphemer.
We continue to be poor in a rich country.
It is believed that the private school of Peter Thorose has caught fire due to an electrical fault.
“If you don't train the youth in the skills they have, they will remain unemployed,” said the BJP leader. Shillong, Naiwieng 09 : U Bah MH Kharkrang, one of the candidates for the The BJP Shillong North Constituency on Tuesday said that the claim that there are about 350 BJP supporters who have joined the NPP Shillong North is unfounded. day.
India are in Group-A with Nepal and Bangladesh.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Amrison Kharkongor, Member of the Dorbar Shnong Killing, said that the reason why the residents of the village burnt the three dead pigs was , is because they have slammed too much and which has affected the people inside the village and especially those who pass through this road.
The injured were sent to Gauhati Medical College and others were admitted to Boko Hospital.
However, according to the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, even if a Khasi man marries a Khasi woman, the children will be excluded from Khasi citizenship just because they take the father's lineage.
Shillong, November 04: Meghalaya on Sunday won the Vijay Hazare Trophy (Domestic Men's One Day Tournament) in Jaipur after beating Manipur scored 33 runs.
Shillong: The District Magistrate East Khasi Hills District has imposed a curfew from 9 pm to 5 pm on the 20th and 21st of November in the areas under the jurisdiction of Lumdiengjri Police Station and Sardar Police Station.
While they were smoking, one of the jaipdeh took the gun and said, “How much did you buy this gun?” The other picked up the knife to smoke the smoker.
We express our deepest sorrow and grief for this incident that you have experienced as a family.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The contract teachers of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary Schools Association, who were suspended from their teaching posts in 2021, have been on strike since the 7th to demand that the government must make their claim for re-appointment after dismissal.
Shillong, November 20: Ka Live Wire will postpone the Dancing Competition of Single and Group Dance, on the 26th and 27th November, at the request of the participants. want to take part in it.
MW Lynrah in her speech explained to the children about the objectives of NIPUN Bharat and said that this program is also known as Janbhagidari Events and Activities. which started on July 1 and will end on July
However, the sad thing for this man, he said, is that he has no place to go, no job, no family and the court has not decided. he was released without any sign of sympathy and without apology and without supporting him on how to continue his life as a public figure.
Here, to clarify the work, a longbah ka lengsan has been used, which shows the sign, that all these things, as has been asked from the beginning, that the work itself needs to go smoothly, with the blessings of the Lord God from heaven.
“However, she has not yet given a promise but has said that she will hold a meeting with the Prime Minister,” she said.
“Remembering the first Cabinet, Modi recalled how Baba Saheb Ambedkar incorporated the best practices from around the world.
The electricity bill is hundreds of crores even though the people pay the light bill every month to MePDcl. This government has become increasingly weak.
“He called himself Vivekananda, sometimes he called himself Rabindranath Tagore and now he has named the stadium after himself.
The issue was also discussed in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 27th June where the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said that the State Government will verify the reports on the robbery of schools. Mission in Assam before talking to the Government authorities in Dispur and at the same time he promised to provide security and peace to the people living on the border of the two States.
The clashes broke out on July 15, 16 and 17 in which dozens of KSU members were shot and seriously injured.
However, they said that suddenly, the policeman, who was drunk, came to the place where they were talking and drove them away from the place.
A few years ago on 27th November 2018, the Government of Meghalaya passed a Resolution to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. the Ruling and Opposition Parties in the Assembly in adopting the Resolution.
Shillong, July 22: U Tilberth G Marak, on Tuesday, has admitted that he did not receive a fake certificate from the MBOSE but he has admitted that there are many certificates with the stamp of the MBOSE which have been misused. Many of the names of schools in North Garo Hills.
Even during the training, they are not taught how to respect the patients.
Within 42 months, God will empower the two prophets to prophesy for 1260 days.
Shillong, Lber 5: The MCIC 19th Shillong South Constituency has met with the Rangbah Shnong and Rangbah Dong of the Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun to discuss the issue. Rangbah Shnong Bah Mitchell Wankhar, Rangbah Dong and members of the Dorbar have decided to lodge a complaint with the Ministry of Defense. The Defense Authority and the State Government have been asked to request the troops to cross the border.
Khliehriat, about 100 km from Shillong, is the headquarters of the district. It is the headquarters of the district. goods that are not sold well outside the state.
Shillong, Nailar 31: U Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA and MDC Nongkrem Constituency, on Tuesday said that to reduce the traffic jam in Shillong, it is necessary for the PWD (Roads) department of the State Government to take action. The road from Laitkor to Malki and Lumparing.
Jowai: U K.Dikyl Phawa, Chief Engineer, Water Resources Department, Government of Meghalaya, today laid his hands on hundreds of families who have been affected by the floods. poor in the three corners of the village.
Speeches were delivered by Ma P Shadap, S Phawa, L Sungoh and MDC who said that as a sign of Christmas they have taken this opportunity to help with this small donation to the brothers and sisters who have lost their lives. They live in the border areas and face many challenges in their daily lives.
Himanta Biswa Sarma said, “Even though the death of Indrani Tahbildar is tragic, this incident has come to light that it was innocent.
The ejahar also expressed serious suspicion over the involvement of Hostel Prefects, Assistant Prefects, Mess Managers and Asst Mess Managers.
The meeting will be held at 2 pm at the Community Hall , Jaiaw Shyiap , KHNAM , which is the ksiang , will resolve the dispute between the UDP and the HSPDP under the umbrella of the ARPA KHNAM has called on the two parties to speak out against the demands of the two parties, which the UDP wants to replace with another leader in place of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit, The HSPDP wants Bah Ardent to remain as its leader in the KHADC. According to the KHNAM leaders in a meeting with reporters recently, they said that this meeting will be the last time. that it will take this heavy responsibility to bring about understanding.
In the final match of the first round, Ïewrynghep SC, Jongksha FC and Rngibah SC won.
The incident occurred near a shop at Teokghat in Sonari police station of Charaideo district.
The student alleged that the NEP should be implemented as soon as possible even though the admission of classes for undergraduates has been completed since July.
The residents were terrified because it had destroyed all the rice fields and even when it was thrown with bombs, it did not escape.
“It's a good idea to have a job,” he said while they were sleeping with the child. “Look, I'm going to earn a living,” said Aitilin. , you're not there, it's someone else," said Hiram and she loved Naphi from me. "Well, you don't speak clearly," she said. "You're the one who's like a jalyeit and the box is covered," said Aitilin and laughed. "Well, this kind of thing is like that, if you're lucky," replied Hiram. "I'm blessed to be a Christian," said Aitilin, surprising Hiram, who had never heard such a thing. "What do you mean, mother?" “Shu ong beit if God allows me to become a human being,” she explained. “Kumta pleng!” Hiram said, "That's right," she said with a smile. Thus passed the days and times. The family of Hiram and Aitilin were filled with joy together with their mother-in-law, who had begun to sprout three powa from Haba's head. Naphibanbet was three years old and Aitilin had another child by a very beautiful woman.
He should step down to be a clean investigation.
On the other hand, the Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy, has promised to sit down and think carefully before signing the MRSSA, as there are rules that he is concerned about regarding the entry and exit of the people. There are no foreign countries especially those who work in Meghalaya.
It may be recalled that last year, the PHC of Rymbai, had collapsed, due to the mining of coal in the west into the ramew and also in 2012, there was a collapse in Sohkymphor village. also, it is believed, that it is from the coal mining inside the ramew.
The HYC Central Body strongly condemns the state government's actions on the demands of the SSA teachers. The HYC fully supports the SSA teachers and their demands.
Religion is important to the people of the country.
So they jumped up and shot there.
Two suspected militants were shot dead on Tuesday after a team of security forces foiled an attempt to infiltrate foreigners in Kupwar district. Jammu & Kashmir, police said.
According to the doctor, out of the 539 HIV-AIDS cases in Ri-Bhoi, 332 cases are undergoing treatment.
Support for women with PMJDY Women account: While most of the households in India are run by women, under this scheme, more than 19.86 crore women with Jan Dhan accounts have received ₹. 500 in your account.
S.Quotient Sumer is the father of Rq.Laloo, Waheh of Panaliar.
However, one thing that has pleased the people of the state, according to the Chief Minister, is that the Supreme Court has upheld the ownership of the indigenous people over the land.
“Tourism is essential and will be sustainable, responsible, employment opportunities, community participation, use of technology and collaboration. along with other schemes,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Nongstoin, July 17: Three days after the killing of Bah Barless Marngar on the 15th of this month, police have recovered a SBBL rifle, explosives and a certificate of promotion from Kadem. One of the suspects was arrested by the Nongstoin Police Station on the 1st of this month. The suspect was identified as Last Comingstar Mawtyllup, 35 years old. Mawphansyiar is a village in Rambrai district.
“As soon as the report is received, necessary action will be taken.
Shillong, June 8: The UDP Youth Wing, Shillong City today visited the Civil Hospital, Shillong to investigate the disposal of expired medicines.
Coming said the meeting with NEPMU will be chaired by the Secretary Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs Pravin Bakshi in the presence of the Head of Police and district authorities.
Despite the heavy rainfall, the employees of the National Highway Authority of India (NHMA) have taken action to clean up the road. They have taken care of the smooth operation of vehicles and also have been vigilant in the movement of the people in the area.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah KP Pangniang said that the only cure for backwardness and ignorance is education. it is only knowledge and poverty should not be the reason for us to learn if we work hard and diligently.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Mehi Rymbai, expressed his concern over the lack of action by the authorities because vehicles are parked on the bridges and this will cause the bridges to collapse quickly. and if the bridges collapse, it will affect the traffic.
Meanwhile, UDP candidate Paul Lyngdoh said that the incident was not only with the vehicle of the General Secretary of the KSU but on that night, there were three or four incidents with the vehicle of the General Secretary of the KSU. Rangbah Dong ha Lumkshaid was also robbed of her house and her vehicle was broken into during the dark night without electricity.
Regarding the traffic jam in Shillong, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the government will strive to increase the number of link roads in Shillong, Jowai and Tura. In this regard, for the construction of the Ring Roads, but the problem is not that the government does not get the money but does not get the land.
Therefore, we will not hesitate to strike again to demand our rights as students without delay until our demands are met.
The complaint also said that the internet ban is against human dignity, income in the society and affects everyone including their families.
In his service as Pastor of the Presbyterian Church, Pastor Marbaniang was in charge of Kynshi District under the Mairang Presbytery until the days of his death.
Many people, especially those who are concerned about the beauty of the valley as well as the cleanliness and purity of the surrounding environment, have expressed their deep concern over the quarrying of stone from this area.
According to the BSF, there is a high demand for timber from Bangladesh and for this reason the smugglers are brave enough to do this.
However, if he says that many of the Assam border villages in Ri Bhoi and the whole of Western Ri Bhoi go to Assam once a day, then we cannot just count the dew thala or despise the nongong.
Shillong Lajong FC has lost the opportunity to play at home. It is a sad and disappointing news for Shillong Lajong FC.
He also urged the owners of vehicles to refrain from installing such silencers as they affect the people.
Shillong, Lber 16: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the Lok Sabha elections 2024 will be held in the state on the 19th of June Under Section 144 of the Criminal Procedure Code, 1973 and Section 21 (1) read with Sections 17 (3), (a) and (b) of the Arms Act All licensees to carry firearms and ammunition should go to their nearest Police Stations/Outposts/Beat-Houses since the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct. to ensure that the General Election to the Lok Sabha 2024 will be held in a smooth and orderly manner.
Dulong, Mulang Along and NSA are in Pool F.
“We want Bah Lapang to reconsider his decision to return the letter, because we want to correct any mistake,” he said.
“My dearest friends, whom I have poured out, are now sitting behind me.
This shows that we are the full owners of this place, we are the owners of the village.
When telling people, they may say that they are shiparakha, but they call themselves brothers or sisters according to their age.
The report includes pictures to show the progress of the repair work.
Furthermore, Bah Yatbon said that the party will also strive to improve the lives of the day laborers by providing assistance so that they can open up opportunities for them to earn. he said, I will give the right answer, that I may escape from the judgment.
On the other hand, Prestone said that if the state government introduces any law, it is after a thorough review and the MRSSA 2016 is a law that has been thoroughly read and consulted. and legal scholars.
The state government's efforts to improve traffic in Shillong have been praised by judges including Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Chief Justice, and Justice W.Diengdoh, Chief Justice of Shillong. the High Court of Meghalaya.
He demanded that the PWD department should repair the road.
The residents of Tuber Kmaishnong have encouraged the children and the school as a whole to fight against the evil of tobacco.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 33,87,5
Synrem said the party has urged the Government to take measures to establish Fast Track Courts/Special Courts as included in the DREAM Project, for the purpose of hearing cases. Under the NDPS Act, it should be done as soon as possible, especially in East Khasi Hills District.
Women: Singles: Manika Batra defeated Lynda Loghraibi (Alg) 11-1, 11-3, 11-2, 11-5
However, in the North Eastern Region (NER), the Autonomous District Councils of the Sixth Schedule will be entrusted to implement the lists related to the Eleventh Schedule.
This road has caused a lot of inconvenience to the passengers especially the vehicles passing through this road and carrying 10 vehicles every day.
The judgment of righteousness shall be quick, and it shall be hot and bright.
At the same time, Dr. Marak said that once it was suspected that the cow had contracted the disease, the officials of the department took the necessary action.
The statement said that the government's silence has prompted the three parties to hold a meeting on 7th November 2017 to take decisions to strike and to announce the will be announced after the meeting, according to a statement from the three organizations.
“Through the amendment of this Act, the state government can set up more markets for the farmers, where the farmers can buy directly from the farmers at the price set and recognized by the government. " said Prestone Tynsong.
It is to be recalled that the JHTOA has demanded the construction of a cement godown at Byrnihat and the implementation of a new transportation rate of T.7 per km in the state.
The demands of the SSA teachers are to immediately release the salaries which have been suspended for months, to create a fair salary system and also to increase the salaries of all the teachers. SSA teachers in lower primary and upper primary and others.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Three young kick boxers from the state have brought fame and glory to the region after winning up to three medals in the WAKO tournament. The India National Senior Masters Kickboxing Championship was held at the Sports Complex in Jalandhar, Punjab from the 1st to the 5th of this month.
The CSWO led by Kong Agnes Kharshiing has expressed its surprise and alleged that it is the wrongdoing of the MUDA department to implement the project.
“The BJP Meghalaya has pointed out many cases where the Prime Minister has visited churches and also many good deeds done by the party leaders in the state,” he said. the party said in a statement.
“This is a question because in all the districts, trucks are running slowly.
We request the political parties to refrain from criticizing each other but to unite with each other to address the issues of the needs of the people in order to bring unity among the people of Hynniewtrep, not to divide the nation by judging each other.
“The village and the family have been filled with sorrow and grief.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) Pynursla today re-elected Jansing Tynsong as the party's candidate from Langkyrdem Laitkroh constituency and Holiwell Khongstid as the party's candidate for Langkyrdem Laitkroh constituency. Nongshken Constituency.
“I don't want to blame anyone, but I just want to show the understanding of the members of the House,” he said.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Mawlai constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, has gained more strength after former MDC from Mawlai constituency, Babu Linus Shadap, came to support him.
Jessica Cox, 36, of Phoenix, doesn't have both hands and has taught herself to play the piano, drive, swim and taekwondo, earning a third-degree blackbelt, CNN reports. Cox's has now received a license to fly a single-engine aircraft.
The number of children should be based on the ability to meet their needs in terms of schooling, food, clothing and upbringing. They should be a bright future for their families and for the country and the nation.
The victory of the 5th Meghalaya Games is a testimony to the development of sports and physical activities which has a bright future for the state.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that the SBI Bank will be temporarily closed after one of the employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) in Khanapara tested positive for COVID-1 which will start from the 21st to the 27th of this month.
The book tells stories of patriotism, courage and selflessness from across the North East as well as unrecognized struggles that the region fought against well-equipped British officers. against.
Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva took two wickets for 33 runs for the loss of two wickets.
For example :- In Shi bah or two bah of siej you can make 8 khoh, and the income to sell khoh is 800 but those who have received training from shi bah siej can produce thaiñ shi set you smile.
We believe that there should be a donation fund of our own for the immediate repair of roads that have been damaged from time to time or in natural disasters.
However, to overcome this, we must start from home so that the production of garbage can be reduced.
I am sure that your visit to this festival will bring you a different joy and excitement among the many games and festivals and can be used from children to young adults.
“The obstacle to our children to acquire knowledge is to prevent them from achieving their dreams,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
JOWAI: The Seiñraij Ïalong and Wahïajer have concluded their Behdeiñkhlam festival at Aitnar or Tre Pyrda Square on Friday.
“We have now demolished the old houses and built new houses of 5 or 7 floors according to the guidelines of the Meghalaya Development Urban Authority (MUDA),” said the Symbud Minister, Prestone Tynsong.
Finally, we urge the children of the Bri u Hynniewtrep to contribute their efforts and strongly support this demand for the implementation of this Act, the Meghalaya Equitable Succession to Ancestral and The Self Acquired Property Act (Khasi and Jaintia Special Provision) Act shall be an Act to encourage and encourage all the children of the family, male and female, to use their talents and natural resources. May the Creator bless us to make our nation and state rich, prosperous and a pride in the whole of India.
The President of the Federation, Brij Bhushan Sharan Singh, has been accused of assaulting female athletes including children.
The smallest example is the Ampati Water Supply Scheme and if you look at it after the allocation of funds, the previous government has released only T.5 to T.10 crore but this present government although it is the leading constituency “It has taken care of the problems of the people of Ampati and invested up to T.100 crore less in this project,” he said.
How much more will the people listen to the election campaign of the leaders of various parties when the information and understanding has reached and seen in the eyes and ears of each and every person through those channels. social media through various mobile phones and Internet.
The Khasi man, however, even if he marries a Dkhar woman, does not ring jait to himself.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Banrikynti said that the DC has promised to take action.
The clashes broke out on 15, 16 and 17 July 1987 in which dozens of KSU members were shot and seriously injured.
Perhaps at these times, if these verses really exist in The Khasi Third Reder, the elders have removed these verses which are not appropriate and there are only those verses that we used to sing strongly until and this song is still alive today.
He said that T.41 lakh has been raised and T.1 crore has been spent.
Wailadmiki Shylla MLA Jowai, Phasmon Dkhar MDC Symbud Guest, BDO Thadlaskeiñ Dr. Brightstar Langbang, FS Basan, MCS Project Director DRDA, Waheh Shnong Ram Phawa, Sywell Lyngdoh DPM Basin, residents and others.
In this regard, the government has conducted training for the meat producers of the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Association (KJBA) where personnel from the Chinese company Real Growth Company have come to provide training on this subject.
In 18 West Constituencies, we have had more water since 2018 since we got a good MLA, Bah Mohendro Rapsang.
The promise of 'many lakhs a year' is only a sound of release.
“The discussion was very interesting, in which the director explained the work that the government has done in relation to the demand of the teachers to take over the teaching posts in the state,” he said. , said Babu Khongjirem.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Union Government has issued a directive that any person who has died of Covid-19 will be counted in the list of those who have died. deaths from Covid-1
On the other hand, Bah Shakliar listened to the request of the union and promised to fight hard through the sports department to implement the request and especially for the men and women sportsmen of the Border Mawsynram area and to the people who love sports.
Shillong, November 20: The People's Candidate Forum (PCF) today gave the deadline to all political parties to express their support for the candidate elected by the Forum for the election. This MP will not be elected to the Lok Sabha.
As they followed the west, so did the wickedness of the west.
The Government is preparing to set up a new office of the Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, on the Government land near the existing temporary office; However, the facts have shown that the land where the government intends to build this office is not sufficient due to the fact that there are coal mines inside this area.
Prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions.
Speech was also delivered by Officer I/c of ​​Sohiong Police Output, Bah A.Shanpru who explained about the POSCO Act.
The Congress has three MLAs and MDCs including Ronnie V Lyngdoh from Mylliem, Gabriel Wahlang from Nongstoin and Charles Marngar from Mawhati.
“The IED bomb exploded in Rewak while the police were driving to Siju,” said SP South Garo Hills Lakador Syiem.
Requesting for the 10%, the Minister said that in the state there are still village forests, hima forests where the government will take over for the purpose of preserving the forests especially the forests. forests that have wells of water.
China has tested 20 million people in the city of Wuhan, as the disease is slowly spreading to other parts of the country.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of KSU Pyndensakwang District and was conducted by Bah Johnpetar Kharjahrin, President of KSU Pyndensakwang Unit.
She said that this time she will have to go to all 36 constituencies. She said that her decision to contest the MP election is through the encouragement of Sniawbhalang Dhar (MLA). ) do not accept this decision.
“It is very pleasant because in just these few months the AITC has received the full support of the people from the city to the villages.
This question should not be asked.
Other reasons for the affection of the residents from the arrival of these dewbilat factories, namely the lack of drinking water and many wells have been destroyed and no longer suitable for drinking and the forests have been destroyed.
Speaking to reporters, the Additional Director General of the Geological Survey of India (GSI) Mulkh Raj Jarngal said that the oldest rock in Meghalaya has been discovered according to the examination and research.
Women go through many difficulties but in the financial allocation in the khadar system, the share of women is too low.
“We have sent a letter with photographs of this place but there has been no response from the office.
These day lights turn on when it is dark and turn off when it is light.
Shillong: The construction of the Shillong Ropeway Project will start from November this year, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said.
Hosea takes her home, cares for her, feeds her, washes her, clothes her in new clothes, and restores her to her former position as her mother. home".
The event was attended by the elders, women and young men and women from the villages within the Hima and the villagers of the Hima who live in other parts of the Hima.
Aizawl were confident after taking a two-goal lead and allowed Lajong to control the ball but did not allow the home team to score.
The extension will start from 5th October and the decision will be sent to the Governor for approval, said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Curcumin, a compound found in Shynrai, can help and benefit in many aspects of health, including anxiety.
The Bahkhla Central Body consists of the Rymbai, Ryngkhlem, Kyndait, Sana, Ksoo, Lyngdoh, Toi, Najiar, Lato, Thma, Chynret, Kyndiah, Rymbui, Ddein, Sana, Bang (Rymbai) and Khaii clans. The Excellence Award will be awarded to the youth of the Kur who have passed chess in various examinations as well as to the elderly of the Kur who have passed the age of 90 years and above.
Thus, the lion's share of the thought conduit.
However, in the two years since the outbreak of Covid-19, the tourism industry has declined but has increased significantly due to the influx of foreigners and the availability of adequate accommodation.
Thus, according to the opening of schemes to date, the irrigation potential created and opened is 19%.
In addition, a documentary film was launched by the Chief Guest and in the documentary, the activities of the Club were shown and the participation in many activities for the promotion of the welfare of the Club. of the village and other neighboring villages and also within the District.
Jowai, July 30: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) in collaboration with the District Social Welfare Officer West Jaintia Hills District has launched a campaign to promote peace and protect women from violence. , conducted a one-day training program on the Prevention of Women from Domestic Violence.
“It is a great pleasure to help some of our fellow countrymen, who have sacrificed themselves ....44 households who have produced 112 varieties of agricultural products, have received assistance in the I have a small force in Maharashtra and they are self-employed, SHAHEED. We need to do more in other parts of the country as well and we will continue”.
When inquiring about the reason for the lack of relationship between couples who have already made a covenant before God and also who love to serve God, it was found that one of the reasons is the lack of time. family worship, lack of time to read the Word of God and pray together and life becomes like the common people and the common people.
We pump water from the Umiew River, we treat the water at Mawphlang Treatment Plant and from there we deliver the water to the Top u at 6 Mer shiteng and from there we have another top water at 4 Mer which we deliver. water to the Municipal water tanks and to other water tanks within the city.
He also announced that the construction of the Mawkhanu Sports Complex at a cost of Rs 350 crore will further promote sports in the state.
The meeting was conducted by the Chairman of Shlem, Bah Jied Kurbah and the 10 members were Dew Mary Khongbuh from Massar, Mon Nongrum from Swer, Remika Phawa from Kyndong Tuber, Bemisty Syiem from Laitkseh, Madras Ropmay. Shella, Bombay Shabong of Umniuhtmar, Ronita Wankhar of Lamlyer, Mawlyngngad, Rangehbok Khongsit of 3.50 miles, Marble Malngiang of Nongshken and B Marbaniang of Kohphet, Umsaw.
The team dropped to second place after beating United Sports Club 2-1 on Tuesday in Kolkata.
If as it is now, the District Council is the first translator of our Jaitbynriew.
Shillong: NEHU Meghalaya has won the title of the 4th NEHU Vice-Chancellor Cricket Tournament 2018 after beating the Ministry of Human Resources and Development (NEHU). (MHRD), New Delhi by two runs in the final of the Multi Purpose Stadium, NEHU Mawkynroh.
He said that so far, the AFSPA has been implemented in only 27-28% of the areas in Assam.
He said that according to his understanding, the political work is a work of improvement and not of force but among these it has been witnessed that there is no mutual respect even for the church leaders who have been appointed. by God, which has become a source of strength.
Furthermore, according to the letter sent by the state government through the education department dated 4th June 2023, it is clear that in the first year, in July 2023, the government will pay The arrear of teachers is about T.1191.615 lakh.
The surprising thing is that he was a rural child who didn't know how to read and write, and he who dropped out of school at an early age knew the names of the drugs related to the disease of the sick.
This is in connection with the arrest of two youths, who are Presbyterians and residents of Sadew.
