Some are ones I know well.
it is you who say.
In 2017, the residents of Dkhiah West walked the old road from Dkhiah West to Jowai.
Vehicles coming from Green Hills Road are also prohibited from turning right on Matri Mandir Road but vehicles should pass to 4th Furlong.
Therefore, I decided to listen to it until the end, and here I saw that as a human being, Bah Rana, is no longer only a singer or a singer of the nation, but he is a one of the thinkers of this age, to explain and see what has happened in this country and the nation in such a present age.
The proposal is central to the Congress's New Land Use Policy (NLUP).
The project has been funded by the National AYUSH Mission (NAM) at a cost of T.10.55 crore.
Referring to the government's response, they said that the PWD has not provided roads to them, the PHE has not done anything for the village. Forest, Veterinary, Sericulture, Fishery and other government departments have not yet provided anything to the village.
The affected area is from near Amit Restaurant to near Nongpoh Police Station where the rainwater has covered the road and many vehicles have stopped on the road. even to the shops of the shopkeepers in the area affected by the floods.
After that, he will help to build a stronger bridge as soon as possible, so that the people of the area will be more comfortable.
Shillong, Naitung 29: The relatives of Wandarihun Mawlong (16 years old) of Umlyngka-3Mer, Upper Shillong today announced that a child has gone missing from her home. Since the morning of the 24th of this month (which is also the day of God), in the hope that she will return home, but this morning a dark cloud has covered the family of the child. which she however arrived with the sad news in which she was told that her body had been found.
However, the taxi drivers have protested and appealed to the High Court.
In his speech, he advised the students that after this game, they will all turn back to continue reading the book, so don't let the mobile phone, or the jobs that don't work, steal. but as students who have received a lot of training in schools, they should learn to manage their time so that they can spend more time in their studies and their future will be be bright from time to time through their promotion from class to class.
About 44 villages in Jonai, Dhemaji, Gogamukh and Sissiborgaon revenue circles have been affected by the floods, officials of the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA) said.
The Rongkusi of Lamin Village was attended by MLA Stephenson Mukhim and Ex MLA Lahkmen Rymbui. In the presence of MDC War West Ma Het Pohthmi, MDC War Central Holando Lamin, Village Authorities, Elders and residents of the village who came to witness the Shad Rongkusi. .
“I am the President of the East Khasi Hills Congress, if there is such a rumor, it is wrong,” he said.
Therefore, the union urges the state government to take action against this border crossing by Assam in the area and at the same time they urge the state government to take action for the sake of to deliver many development works in the area, whether it is from roads, water supply and others, as the area is still backward and still needs many development works from the government, he added. On the other hand, the reporter has learned that the residents of the area, besides facing difficulties, due to the backwardness of the area, but not only that, but also facing There is also a problem with the Forest Department's Karbi Anglong, which collects taxes on the goods produced by the Khasi people living in the area.
Speaking to reporters, KSU Nongtung Area Circle leaders, including Edmund Shadap, President and Aloysius Bina, General Secretary, said that the KSU Nongtung Area Circle has expressed its strong opposition to the KSU. The Assam Police have affected the residents of the area, especially in relation to the implementation of development schemes. from the state.
The Minister in charge of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has confirmed that a cinema will be built in the state. 200 people at the State Central Library, Shillong.
The NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance 2.0 government has appointed 21 MLAs as Chairman, Co-Chairman and advisors in various departments.
He expressed his gratitude to God and thanks to his parents, teachers and friends.
Garnoldstar Marbaniang of Mawkhar was sent red card.
Commenting on the Prime Minister's remarks on the Ordinance, Robert said why the government cannot take a decision of the Cabinet. to declare that the Ordinance has been repealed.
The Apostle Paul, known as Saul, who had been persecuted in Jerusalem, preached that Christ was the Son of God in Damascus, and preached boldly in the name of Jesus among the Jews and Greeks. Greek and he declared that Jesus was the Son of God.
Shillong: Shillong: Shillong today received 108.4mm of rainfall from 8.30 am to 8.30 pm.
Dr. Evarisha M.Syiem, said that the lack of students to attend school may be due to the rainy season and their interest in online classroom teaching.
Through this statement, the Seng strongly warns foreigners not to disrupt the peace and order in the area.
Those who read and believe the Bible believe that these explanations will lead to a peaceful and prosperous world by 2030; it is contrary to the plan or purpose or purpose of the living God who created heaven and earth.
In Shangpung Hima, Laskein C&RD Block, Santa Mary Shylla, MLA will hoist the flag of the country and take the salute at the parade.
Then the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and the settlement of the border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Additional Superintendent of Police, Sonitpur Madhurima Das said that according to the rules of tourism, foreigners who come to visit foreign countries should not take part in the tourism. any preaching or consultation services for the promotion of the Church.
He said that they have already informed the Block Development Officer (BDO) of Thadlaskeiñ Block since last year, and the BDO has already sent to meet with the land owners. it was not so because of the absence of the owners of the land.
This shows that God really exists and that man cannot live separately from God.
The Skill Tree Knowledge Concortium is a way to provide information to the students on how to get the scheme , and also to ensure that the students do not face financial problems if they going to study abroad.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The KHNAM will hold a public meeting on the 21st of this month at Mawkhar (YMCA) at 7 pm for the election. MDC 2014.
Deibormi Toi, President Rotary Club Jowai, while speaking at the meeting, explained the issues and objectives of Rotary International which have been discussed carefully by Rotary International including Community Service, Environment, Education and Health. , Sanitation and others related to the welfare of the people in the villages.
W. Biam, ADC conducted the meeting, RR Lyngkhoi, Minister of Mawkyrwat Village gave the welcome speech while GS War, Assistant Executive Engineer delivered the welcome speech.
“It has been a great victory and will help in holding a smooth and orderly election in Singhbhum constituency and free from any threat of insurgent activity,” said the Deputy Commissioner of Singhbhum. Kuldeep Chaudhary in an interview with reporters.
The meeting decided that for the benefit of the people, the PHE department should take full responsibility to complete the project by ensuring that the work does not stop.
“Therefore, the state police have seized drugs worth T.18.33 crore in these four months.
Many of the dead were burnt to death and two guards were also reportedly abducted, but later released.
In this Sunday Bible, the words of hope are what the Bible says.
“As the Seng, we say clearly that elections will come and go and parties will also lose and emerge but the land of the Hima Khasi has been lost and it is difficult to get it again.
“From T.141 crore earlier, the allocation has now increased to T.200 crore,” he said.
Police have recovered an empty bottle, 10 haft and 2 quarters of kyiad phareng and 4 klat.
When asked about the damage to houses, crops and others, Ma Lyngdoh said that the full figure has not yet been received.
Shylla said that the DCA has sent a letter to the District Council on the 1st of this month saying that the Council does not have the authority to pass the ILP Act, as it is not in the Sixth. Scheduled for the constitution of the country.
If those parts have to be included, if it has become the Official Language how can we proceed to address these issues or if we have addressed that, and the government documents and writings in the buildings should not be in Khasi. in Garo, you don't have to worry about the Official word.
The Congress in the state and elsewhere has been in dire straits after many leaders have fled to other parties since the BJP came to power in Delhi.
It is worth mentioning that the corruption and mismanagement of government schemes in the village has come to light through the RTI search by the youth of Kyrdem village and through their RTI, It was found that there have been many schemes or development works, which the government has implemented in this village, but the surprising thing is that these schemes mentioned in the RTI, have not been implemented properly in this village. village.
These leaders also said that in these times when the nation needs self-reliant leaders, they should be wise and intelligent to walk in the path of righteousness and holiness.
The Tokyo Olympics will run from July 23 to September 5,
Khliehriat, July 10: The Public Hearing of MeECL on the construction of the Myntdu Leshka Project Stage-II was held on Tuesday at Bataw, East Jaintia Hills. District, in this meeting, there were villages and civil society organizations who gave their support and at the same time there were also those who gave their support by putting in place various rules and regulations. walk straight ahead until the end without stumbling.
At the opening ceremony, Garod LSN Dykes, DC of West Jaintia Hills, looked back on his childhood and remembered that he himself used to farm during his holidays and grave. that as the days go by, the seeds of the fields have disappeared because people don't cultivate them anymore.
The brother of Agnes, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that the family condemns the incident and demanded that the law enforcement agencies and the government should take action. to arrest the perpetrators and punish them according to the provisions of the law.
Dr Mukul also spoke on the issue of drinking water, saying that they have sent a report to Delhi admitting that they have been able to deliver water to all the households in the state under the Jal Jeevan scheme. Mission and they also received an award for this.
Shillong: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah HS Shylla in his congratulatory speech to the newly elected Dy.Chairman of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Equator Nongrang, said that Singh had to take the picture of Mairang MDC Equator Nongrang.
It is true that the corporation has many responsibilities, but it is the duty of the management to pay the salaries of the employees on time, according to the time allocated to them.
Alex Rins has won the Grand Prix of the Americas in Austin after MotoGP champion Francesco 'Pecco' Bagnaia crashed while fighting for the lead. the first place in the competition.
“Why are they afraid if they follow the schemes, why is Bah Hamlet afraid?” asked Bah Sanbor.
He told reporters on the 16th of July that the ground has been completed but there is still one issue that has not been completed and that is the drainage system from the 1st ground. The Shillong Recreation Ground Trust and the Shillong Recreation Ground Trust (Sports Ground Trust) have been involved in some disputes.
There are 13 teachers who have received the State Awardee from all 11 districts and 33 teachers who have received the District Awardee Award for this year
Meanwhile, the Garo Hills has been withdrawn from the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and will have to be approved by the President of the country to be implemented again in Garo Hills.
Bah RM Shabong In the past few days, the HNLC has admitted that it planted an unexploded bomb at a coke factory in Umthe village, Sutnga district. without exploding so that it may be a bomb, which does not explode.
Nongpoh: At 10 pm, Byrnihat Police Outpost was informed of the presence of a man who had left Guwahati for Shillong and was suspected to be carrying drugs inside a vehicle. car you drive.
He said that the farmers are the budlum of the country because they are the ones who supply the food items to the whole country, the farmers and the markets fall under the jurisdiction of the state governments. how is India?
“There are many accidents from time to time even after the construction of roads in the State.
Prof Badaplin said that the data presented by Dr Bashida in the book are of interest to researchers on the history of the village and the events that happened in the areas. of the crash of an American plane during World War II near Lapalang.
Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliem on Friday brought a motion to express his condolences to the family of Bah Running Nongkynrih who was shot dead at Mawshun village in Pynursla. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the Police Department, has explained to the House about the incident on the night of 5th June He was shot dead by a BSF personnel after the truck fled even after being stopped at a Mobile Check Post on Pynursla-Dawki road near Wahkdait village.
The award will be presented at the General Meeting of the Kur to be held on the 7th July 2023 at Madan Malki, Shillong.
We urge the government to look into the projects that will bring benefits such as creating employment opportunities for the people.
Even now, after 50 years, we hear that the Maweit road will be constructed, but the construction has not yet started.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Among the officials or organizers of the North East Olympic Games (NEOG) to be held in Shillong, Thouba Singh of Manipur, will be one of the most famous athletes because he has represented India. at the Asian Games in Delhi in
The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) has been on strike for 10 days and the garbage collected from various markets in Jowai has been filled with garbage.
The primary objective is to improve the dissemination of information related to WEP and the implementation of the various initiatives that WEP has initiated.
The master must have a strong mind, but he must also have a strong and strong heart.
At a time when countries around the world are struggling to mitigate the impact of the disease, this North Eastern state has experienced some success.
Dr Rajendra Prasad of the Center for Ophthalmic Sciences, AIIMS, Delhi led the team to conduct the survey at 10 places in Shillong.
The Minister said that the state government has received Rs 6 crore from the central government under the DHS(MI) and Rs 15.87 crore under the NHS in 2020-21, while in 2021-22 Rs 91 crore. .
The Government has taken steps for the social and economic empowerment of women, and has also taken major steps to ensure their participation in political processes.
“In Shillong alone, we have distributed 11,000 Form-6s to register new names,” said Bah Kharkongor.
However, since the state was independent, there has been no one to look after them, and even to go to the market, they have to ride in trucks carrying timber if it is on time. during the rainy season, they have to walk to buy food or even to carry heavy loads.
For this reason, the company has been able to rank in the top position in the field of commercial vehicles for the past year according to the FADA Dealer Satisfaction Survey.
“Yes, we are the owners of the village here.
Shillong, Jymmang 09 : U Raymond Johny Nongrum, a young MMA fighter from Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he has received a golden opportunity to sign a social agreement with Upgrade Marketing, which has its headquarters in Los Angeles, USA. Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club on Friday, Raymond said that social and upgrade marketing is for the benefit of the UFC. “My main goal now is to compete in some competitions in the higher categories. Pro Level from the AFC, playing in the Netherlands, South Africa, Malaysia and being invited to play in Singapore.
Hek said the Shillong Civil Hospital cannot be compared with private hospitals.
Likewise, agricultural activities to improve agriculture, livestock, cleanliness, environmental protection and others.
The Khasi society until before the departure of the French was still clean because the nature of the Khasi people and the culture of the French according to the times were in harmony in all aspects. think about the morning.
“The people have given their vote to the BJP because they hope and trust, but for eight years the Modi government has not been able to do anything on many of its promises,” she said.
In the second match, Laitumkhrah SC beat Mawphlang SC 4-0
In the first half, EJH, which won the toss, didn't tied first but due to the poor ball bowling of the AJCA players, the EJH players couldn't score many runs.
On Tuesday, 71 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, bringing the total number of active cases in the state to
As part of the reversal of the violence against women, it has been seen that in recent years these acts of violence have increased to the point of harassment of women.
“Any driver who has been arrested by the Assam or Meghalaya police or faces any problems should inform the union,” he added.
I have seen with my own eyes here in our village in Seiñduli that people wear masks and observe social distancing only when there are police.
S Pyrtuh SDSEO, Amlarem Sub Division was present on the occasion and the meeting was conducted by Majesty Sten Secretary Shnong in the presence of elders, parents, old and new teachers, invitees. with students in the school grounds today.
Despite many criticisms of his efforts, the couple were finally able to publish their first book entitled “Ka Kot Pule Khasi A-B”. Citizen Cassia).
In the United States, there are more than 550,000 cases, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
The U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 for boys and girls will be held soon in the last month of the month. October 2023.
Returning to the day laborers, many of them have stayed at their workplaces.
It happens that a person leaves his village, leaving his home without being able to earn a living.
Any residents affected by this order are urged to approach the relevant authorities, said the order of the District Magistrate (SDPRO, Mairang).
The total number of cases has risen to 5,750 and the death toll has risen to 1,0
Bah Umlong also urged other owners to come and cut meat at this place so that the people who eat it will have the pleasure of eating it and if there are many who come to cut meat at This place will also be used as a source of employment for the workers.
“The backwardness of the people in the rural areas is extreme.
The slogans that have been used since the first publication of the newspaper 'U Nongsain Hima' are “Right develops the nation”.
Speeches were delivered by Ma Moina Phyllut on “The Parom of Nartiang Village”, Ma Chanki Langbang, Acting Doloi of Shangpung District. Ma Moonlight Ktung on Durga Puja and Niamtre; Ma SK Lato on Religion and Culture; Makhane, Yiang Maskut and Spiton Kharakor he explained about “In His Origin" from the Land of the Forty Kings.
Mawkyrwat, July 30: The President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit, on Saturday visited three villages in Ranikor district. Constituency with public explanations on the party's mission and to seek support for Bah Overlin Imïong, one of the candidates of the VPP from Ranikor Constituency.
We also thank Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar Bishop of Jowai Diocese for sending a message of greetings to the children of Seiñ Raij Tuber.
Shylla said that the Dorbar Shnong Mookyrdup has had to do this after seeing that there are indeed residents of less than 30 households who have been affected by the lockdown. get their livelihood.
Shillong: The final of the U-23 Men's Col CK Na Yudu Trophy between Nagaland and Meghalaya ended today, after Nagaland won the title against the state team by nine wickets. wicket taken in Kohima, Nagaland.
Jill Biden, who first took off her mask when she got off a plane in Charleston, W.Va.
Vincent Pala (MP Lok Sabha) has been appointed as the Working President of the party along with James Lyngdoh who has already been appointed as the Working President of the party.
The day may come when the people will stand up with power.
Through the collaboration with the teachers, the students showed and explained that three lum and three rivers should be avoided from such drinks as they are enemies of health.
The NPP, which increased its number of MLAs to 23 in the 2021 mid-term elections, has now increased its number of MLAs to
He said the Law Commission has received more than 46 lakh complaints against the UCC till 14th November and the UDP is one of those who have expressed their opposition to the UCC. .
AIS SujaThe anger is the fire.
Speaking to reporters, he said that Conrad K Sangma has been in fear and anxiety and that is why he has to send pictures every 10 meters.
Shillong: The Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang has called a meeting with the police, youth organizations and church leaders to discuss the spread of drugs in the state. .
This program is important for the future of India and 'Sankalp se Siddhi' is important in this.
I strongly suspect that there is something hidden against the jaitbynriew,” said the CEM. Bah Nongrum said he has called a meeting of all the parties on Thursday to discuss the decision of the Kashari High Court.
Why if the state government goes astray, who will share even a single word? It is because there is no one who is willing to accept the decision and the state government has decided to take action against the people.
It is prohibited to write any writings on the walls, such as posters and others and also to erect any banners, flags inside the grounds of government offices. on private property with the permission of the owners of the property and the banare or lamas shall not cause any disturbance to others.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Robert said that from the signs, it is clear that the government has not repealed the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 because they have forgotten to introduce it. If the NPP comes to power, it will also be a source of income for them and some others through illegal means.
The East Jaintia Taxi Owners Association (MPUF) has demanded that the Commissioner of Transport should appoint an MVI (Motor Vehicle Inspector) at the office of the District Transport Officer (DTO). Hills District.
The BJP president said that the race is not too long but it is necessary to show the goal but as both of them have won, it is up to them to decide.
Pyrtuh said the Council has allocated only Rs 12.25 crore from itself and from the mineral revenue the allocation will be Rs 84 crore besides the grant from the state government of Rs 42.94 crore. amount.
“Let them vote for only one party in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Professors from Jaintia Eastern College, Devander Bansal RD Star Cement Ltd, Rangbah Shnongs of various invited villages, dignitaries from all over the country and hundreds of people were also present. KS Suchiang, President of the Society.
According to the State Government, these measures will be implemented immediately and the results will be announced by the end of the month.
Rev. Tollnington Shangdiar has lodged a complaint at Nongstoiñ Police Station and the police on receipt of the complaint have immediately conducted an investigation. detailed.
Referring to the meetings of the regional committee, Dhar said they would still be convened for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Tyllun is covered with plastic.
Rida's Niakha listened for a while and continued to say, “It's heavier... Let me help you pay your class fees this year.
At the same time, she urged other youths to stand firm with courage in any field in order to achieve the goal of victory which will bring glory to the District and the state as a whole. .
He said that while the union has not yet issued the ILP to be implemented in the state, the union demands that the government should implement the Meghalaya Residents Safety first. and Security Act because if this Act is implemented it will help a lot to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners and especially in this Act there is also the District Task Force Committee and the gates that should not be closed. He added that the government has installed Phase-I and Phase-II projects which have not yet been implemented.
The Seng will also send a report on its findings to the Food Inspector, FSSAI and the Minister concerned.
Sisodia won against BJP candidate Ravinder Singh Negi by 3,000 votes in Patparganj constituency.
He urged that when you lose in any struggle you should not lose hope but make it one of the ways to reach the goal of victory.
Maradona, who led Argentina to the World Cup in 1986, is known as the world's greatest football star.
Mawkyrwat, July 05: The World Environment Day was celebrated today at the Mini Secretariat, Mawklyrwat. he was the main one.
We have seen that the government of Conrad Sangma which has only 2 Garo Ministers but they are the masters of their 10 slave Ministers, who do not dare to open their mouths even a word when talking about the border. The roster system and others do not work even if they seriously affect the nation and the Bri u Hynniew-Trep.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The MDCs of the PDF under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM this evening went to congratulate the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwanrilal Puhorhit at Raj Bhavan.
“I don't say what the Prime Minister has done but I mention the statement of Home Minister Amit Shah and the BJP is not only in Meghalaya but we will ask them to continue to hold the investigation into allegations of corruption in the state".
I also want to go please help me to get there. How can I do...?? I also want to stay here in Italy. I also want to go. Explain to me how I need to do these things to stay there.
Malki SC will hold a penalty shootout on the 1st and 2nd December 2023 at Malki Stadium from 10 am.
I also agree with you.
“We will punish those who prevent government employees from reaching their offices,” Goyal said.
Kitbok said the union is not against the relocation of the Petrol Pump but will oppose the allocation of land in Upper Shillong as the union feels that the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department still needs to be built. offices to promote the agriculture sector.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: From the parking lot of an Eco Kali and to the surprise of the owners of the vehicles, robbers have managed to steal an Eco Kali from the parking lot of the owners of the vehicles. on the road to Nongpoh.
At present, Bah Shylla said that if the signboard goes smoothly, Pyrdiwah has gone, Lyngkhat has gone and the Dawki bridge has also disappeared.
“I have seen with my own eyes that the police have shaken hands with these mynder, what would be in their hands if it wasn't for the money,” said the President of the GSU. " he said.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, expressed his special thanks to the parents who are the hope for their children. for PwDs.
Shillong: The President of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Laskein Block Circle, Samla Dapmain Suchiang, on Tuesday said that the JSU has sought information on the incident of Moluber and Mojem. They have difficulty in carrying food items at this time, because the check point police at Tihwieh do not allow people living on the Assam border to go to Meghalaya to buy goods even if they are our brothers and sisters.
We must build a happy and equal society and provide people with health and a full life.
While all the schools in the state are not ready or in a hurry to resume schools and are still waiting for the grim situation caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, I have received information that there is a school here in our country which, for the sake of its honor, I don't want to reveal its name, has been in a hurry to open a school even during this lockdown imposed by the Central Government. it's not over yet.
He said that the illegal marriage of children in Assam should be stopped before the end of
Let's ask ourselves many questions.
The market is crowded and crowded in all the streets and surroundings of Ïewduh and Khyndai Lad especially.
The 3rd District Open Cum Inter School Badminton Tournament 2023 was held at the Indoor Stadium, Mairang Mission.
For many, it is necessary to keep a logbook or to fill up about 50% of petrol or diesel.
In the past few years, although Zayed has not been able to participate in Bollywood, he has become a model for several clothing companies and has also taken part in the ramp walks of many shows held in Mumbai and other cities.
In the Expert Committee, the four members shall be those who have the expertise from various departments to appoint the Search Committee and after receiving the members, they shall hand over to the Government to complete the necessary.
I have been running this shop for 12 years and no one has ever told me about these rules and we are small contractors, who sell kachori and samosa, to earn a living,” said Mukesh. .
On the 22nd of this month, West Garo Hills Police raided the farm house of BJP MDC Bernard N Marak.
“This school is the oldest and has a special relationship with the community and has been standing for 131 years.
He said that the expenses for the synod have reached tens of lakhs of rupees to prepare all the necessary equipment.
Speaking to media, Hek said that 26 BSF personnel who tested positive for Covid-19 are from Umpling Camp, 3 civilians and 2 persons are still in custody. They came from Maharashtra and Uttar Pradesh, while one from Ribhoi District is a health worker at the Screening Center in Byrnihat, Ribhoi District.
Shillong Lajong, Mawlai from Group A, Rangdajied United from Group B and Khliehmawlieh from Group D will now face each other. The semi final was held in Shillong today with four special invitees including Redeem Tlang, Aiban Dohling and Halen Nongtdu, FIFA Assistant Referee, Tournament Director Bah Wanshanbor Kharkrang as well as the leaders of these four teams.
Thus, without any regret in his soul, he became more understanding and encouraged to talk to his male classmates.
On the same day, it was seen that many people, who came to witness the Charitable Football Friendly Match, which was organized by the Pastors' Assembly of KJP Synod Sepngi, Ri-Bhoi. Zone, where the purpose of the friendly match was to raise funds for the 100th anniversary of Dr. H Gordon Roberts Hospital and also to improve the buildings inside the hospital.
Shillong: The Garo are more intelligent and farsighted compared to the Khasi,” said the Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Although the Block Congress and the District have approved the name of Dr. Pariong, the voice of the MPCC has already indicated that the ticket will go to Bah Gabriel Wahlang. “We cannot do anything because the power of our party lies in the High Command,” he said.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya today held a meeting to inform about the progress of the border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam.
However, the truck did not stop at all but fled the scene by driving fast towards Umkiang.
For those who have nothing, it is a time to show off their wealth, and for those who are poor, it is a time to smile and wear old clothes to protect themselves from the wind.
There are other candidates from other political parties who have tried to talk to the CEM of KHADC to help them campaign for the election but he has not succeeded because he cannot lead someone else if he comes out. election campaign.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: After the death of six people in the past few days due to a power outage, there has been another power outage in Lyngiong village. I'm sorry for the incident.
According to a statement issued by the Election Department, 74.6% of the voters turned out to take part in the LMC elections as of 4 pm. The election started at 7 pm on Tuesday and during the 9 hours of the election, there were no incidents of violence. they are sorry.
It is often seen that when a vehicle enters the petrol pump, dozens of vehicles have to stand in line (to allow this one) and then, when a vehicle wants to enter. At Kynton Laimer, it was seen that the vehicles were parked in the same line, but the vehicles that wanted to go to Lumdiengjri, Civil Hospital, had to park in the same line.
Not only that, according to information received from people who visit the DTO office from time to time, they find that Dalals act like office workers and many jobs should be operated by office workers. or Government employees, but employed by brokers.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the KSU, Samla Lambok Star Marngar, urged all the new members to be strong and work for the cause of the Jaidbynriew. .
The JS Fitness Center main branch is located at Khliehriat West Community Hall and to expand and improve its services, it has opened this branch to encourage the youth and adults to exercise to get a healthy body. healthy.
Justice Lyngdoh Waheh Shnong Rymbai who was the chief guest in his speech praised Panaliar Village for organizing many sports events.
The seedlings are planted at a distance of 4 1/2 feet.
“There will be about 300 cameras to be installed throughout the city and these will be strengthened by the availability of facial recognition software and the ICCC and the IT Park set up, which we expect to open in November,” Conrad said recently.
The incident happened shortly after the FKJGP raided the office of the Director of Printing and Stationery, and sent out SR Marak from his office on charges of involvement. in the misuse of T.2.09 crore.
Therly Dkhar scored the first goal for Evergreen Mukhla in the 18th minute.
Last year, the BJP government had declared this date as Good Governance Day and ordered all offices to remain open for 10 days.
“There have been cases where drugs have been seized from Nongpoh because foreigners have used this state as a transit route to smuggle drugs to Bangladesh.
However, in that attempt to follow, they end up in a mistake that causes consequences in various ways.
Leston, who was defeated by Dr. Donkupar Roy from Shella constituency, said that he doesn't want to contest the election by 300 votes. He said that his body should have rested but his supporters have been forcing him to fight.
If young children, young people, adults or elderly people like this song “Kongdeng, Kongnah...”, they should not be stopped if they want to dance.
Paul said that the burden on children affects their health where they get spinal injuries, slip discs and others. for the purpose of providing information to children and for them to have a healthy body.
However, if the political parties in Assam cross the line, we will not cross the line,” said Bah Kharjarin.
They will fight against God's people and come to invade the land of Israel.
Finally they reached the shop of Bah from Mairang and Kongthei Daplin got the shol.
Digital Public Infrastructure (DPI) has brought about a transformation in India that goes beyond financial inclusion.
ROLLINGSON DKHAR (NPP) – 19793.
Don't be afraid, the writing of the Word of God is not wrong.
This method will be explained below is called the flue curing method.
Ampareen and PS Thangkhiew, Additional Chief Secretary, among others, have been charged by the CBI on charges of involvement in the teacher recruitment scam.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) today held its 41st Foundation Day at the Arts and Culture Hall, State Central Library.
Iran is one of those countries mentioned in the Bible, but they don't know it, but it happens that the prophecies of the Word of God will be fulfilled.
If you are not forced, is he willing to quarantine himself for a while and allow the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to take him in his place, and send a thorough investigation to the CBI? Is this one of the reasons why he resigned from the post of Member of Parliament of Tura, and urged the Khasi leaders to take over the post of Prime Minister? These are some of the questions.
The UDP in the constituency has even sent its chairman to decide who will give the ticket.
“Please eat, Father, so that you can open it and we will come back later.
Surprisingly, this price increase comes at a time when the price of petrol in the world has fallen by more than 40 per cent from the price in January this year.
Nongpoh: In an interview with this reporter, some residents of several villages in Block-2 Ri Bhoi District, said that if they tell any truth about the insult of They have been handed over to the Assam Police, which means that they can no longer stay at home, where they will have to face heavy search by the Assam Police.
Besides, there will also be Cultural Programs including traditional songs and dances.
Nongpoh, Nailur 04: On the occasion of the special day in the state and India as a whole to pay tribute to the contribution of teachers to the development of education, The MLA of Jirang Constituency, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, before celebrating this Teachers' Day, gave a special greeting to all the teachers in the district and the state to celebrate this day with a spirit of joy. and the hope that they will be able to work better for the development of the state and the country.
Speaking to reporters, these officials said that the purpose of their inspection was to monitor the construction of the Entry Point, which is also in line with the promise by the Chief Minister, He promised to complete the Entry Point within 60 days.
Therefore, what we want is a change and a better life for our future, the youth who are the protectors of the nation to have that heritage in them and to be able to take good care of it. to the Lok, the children and the Kur, that they may know that Jangew Jathang belongs to them, and may rise and become rich like other races.
The media campaign for public awareness of the National Consumer Helpline was featured in the weather report, news captions in DD Kisan.
The final match will be attended by Bah Sniawbhal.
“The High Court has declared that the post of MDC is not a salary post and Bah PN Syiem has won,” he said.
This disease kills the rice completely, and for this reason the English also call it “bacterial wilt”.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah, has urged the public to be ready to provide assistance to those involved in accidents. .
If any, more attention will be paid to Self-Help Groups and any organizations led by women.
Woe unto them that are with child, that are nursing in those days!
The ability to speak Khasi abroad which is not one's own country brings and increases interest.
The North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NPCU) has decided to suspend the import of petrol from IOCL, BPCL and HPCL to Meghalaya. urgent meeting with the Unions in Nongpoh on 29th November to resolve their demands.
Mawlai residents have welcomed the apology of the Minister of Urban Affairs and have canceled the decision to hold a public meeting tomorrow at Thangkhiew Petrol Pump. I went to Marten.
Ed and if these teachers do not achieve 45% (ST/SC) and 50% (General) in Class XII, they too will have to do only Class Xii to achieve these marks, who need.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the tender has already been submitted to the Tender Committee and there has been a lot of competition among the companies that have submitted the tender because all of them feel that they are the best to run the tender. 108 vehicles in Meghalaya.
“The NPP was formed to stand as a party from Garo and to work for the welfare of the Garo people.
The conclave was attended by Mangubhai C. Patel, Governor of Madhya Pradesh, Hardeep Singh Puri, Minister of MoHUA, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh; Kaushal Kishore, Minister of State for Child Development, MoHUA and Bhupendra Singh, Minister of Urban Development, Government of Madhya Pradesh.
An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth, says the saying.
Those who do not sleep at night, how much they feel when others sleep peacefully.
In the final match, Newhill beat Mookaswan Dongwah 2-0
You must not love, but also respect yourself if you want others to respect you and your culture.
US President Barack Obama and British Prime Minister David Cameron will pay their last respects to the former South African leader.
“In fact, the agreement was signed in June 2017 between the Sports Department and the Pomlakrai Mawbynna Dorbar Shnong but recently, we have received a letter from the Dorbar Shnong that it can no longer provide the land. “I have revoked the agreement,” said Bah Banteidor.
Assistant Secretary: Chiborlang Suchiang
Umpung won one gold, two silver and two bronze medals.
Congress President Mallikarjun Kharge has not yet taken a final decision on the election of MLAs to contest for the post of Leader of the Opposition 10 months after the start of the Lyiur dorbar. in the Maharashtra Assembly which started on 17th November.
In East Khasi Hills, 1703 households have been affected while other damage is awaiting report. In South West Khasi Hills, 4 households, 5 farms and 8.5 hectares of farmland have been affected. West Jaintia Hills has 7 districts.
A leader can be small or large, he can be a religious leader or a social leader.
The paid knup paid trap has no right to complain and that he has already received the change and has received it since the day he gave, as a poor beggar, the five thousand tyngka.
Other speakers included Kong S Rnga, Director Social Welfare, Bah HM Shangpliang, Director Social Welfare, Poja Pyndev, Deputy Commissioner, SP-Ri Bhoi, engineers and others. The program was enriched by the songs of the Longkmie Patharkmah and Rabha Women Umsaw.
“From now on, we will hold various celebration programs and we will also collect donations for the 25th Anniversary of the school,” said the statement.
On the other hand, the Voice of the People Party (VPP) leader, who is also the MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, explained in relation to his speech to the media at one of the meetings. The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) is also ready to meet and discuss on this issue.
“Just because you feel that the past was wrong, you should not punish the Khasi youth of today who are stupid, who have nothing to do with the past but who only want to get their rights. share in Government jobs," he said.
It was also ordered that the slaughter and sale of pork should be temporarily banned in the affected areas.
However, the existence of these groups has opened the eyes of the people to see a brighter future with the emergence of NGOs that have brought about new income generation opportunities. hi you are right.
Speaking to media, Samlin said that as we have seen in the media that the time is near for the change of ministers in the MDA government and on this he has spoken to the party president KP. Pangniang and on his part he has taken the responsibility to resolve this so that there will be no impact on the party especially when the party has only two MLAs. This is the responsibility of the President to decide how to act in the party and what they will do for that will be the best. from time to time and the president has also taken note of this.
When the farmers go to buy their produce, they sell it at a low price, but when they buy rice, sugar, and other necessities, the price is very low.
The demand of these youths came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who is also in charge of the Home Department, recently said that the state is still in short supply. Police and there is still a need for about 3500-4000 thousand Police in various ranks.
He said that the reason why the union leaders visited these factories was to learn about the employment opportunities in these factories. They should be able to work in these factories, which is one of the ways to create jobs for the Khasi youth and especially at this time of fighting against COVID-19 and all the youth who work for others. states, have returned to their own state.
The residents have requested the relevant authorities to take the necessary action so that the implementation of this railway line will not cause any problem to the residents.
The incident happened on the night of the 13th of this month and it is suspected that after the robbers shot and bomb, they also killed the man at the scene and found the body. His body was found by his family at 8.00 pm the next day.
“In 1994 and 1995, Maitshaphrang together with the Jaïaw Laitdom Youth Association staged a street drama entitled “The Drama of Phan Nonglait” in different parts of Shillong. and at the Nongkhlaw residence where the contribution of Phan Nonglait in the freedom struggle was highlighted.
On Tuesday, the Block Development Officer Mairang C&RD Block held a program to distribute M-Tabs under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid Scheme to students from Mairang Block who are studying in class XI for the year 2022-2023 including 7 schools.
“Last month, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, had met the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi in Delhi to discuss the ILP. in relation to this section.
President Biden on Tuesday awarded the 2021 National Humanities Medal and National Medal of Arts to those selected. This year's recipients are Mindy Kaling, Gladys Knight and Julia. Louis-Dreyfus, Bruce Springsteen and fashion designer Vera Wang.
Khliehriat, Naitung, 01: Police on Saturday seized 50.03 kilos of Ganja weighing 50.03 kilos from a Santro vehicle while it was coming from Umkiang area with the intention of stealing. and he went to the land of Khlieh.
Beneficiaries who can benefit from this are those who care for children, children from 0 to 8 years of age (including those with disabilities) pregnant women and those who are still ai good.
Then the truck was empty.
However, it needs further improvement, refinement and improvement in terms of structure, acting and other aspects.
Referring to the holding of the festivals, the Minister said that these festivals attract a lot of tourists and the beneficiaries of these festivals will be the residents of the State.
The court has remanded the arrested persons for nine days for further investigation.
In his speech, the Chief Guest, highlighted the uniqueness of the Khasi people and that is that the Khasi people did not have the laws which were handed down by the language before we got the the Law in writing.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India is considering the issue, in which non-Indian citizens will no longer have the right to buy houses, land and will not be able to It was also agreed that if they were expelled to return to Bangladesh, it would be an impossible task and therefore, it was agreed that there is only one way and that is the long-term permit to stay in the State.
He said that the road from Nongpoh-Umden to Sonapur has been allocated up to Rs.80 crore for the cleaning and improvement of this road and the tender will be launched soon. The Umsning-Mawhati road to Umsiang has also been allocated funds and the worker order has been issued for the construction of the contractors.
He also complained that as there are very few government jobs, it is not reasonable to amend the Reservation Policy.
The meeting was led by the Executive Member (EM) of the Land Department Bah Teibor Pathaw in the presence of MDC Fantin Lakadong.
Reports said that the doctor did not travel himself, but his wife, who had just returned from New York, on 22nd October
Eat on small plates so you can eat less.
It was estimated that it was between 12 and 1 pm that while she was cleaning, the Dkhar tied her with a tyrnem on the head and she lost consciousness. He cut off her fingers and ears. She said she was shocked at 3 pm.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 23: The Meghalaya Energy Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MPDC) has improperly installed electricity posts in Rambrai area. on the field.
The Lord's Day, 24th November, is the day of the Parish Council; This day of the Lord was also dedicated as the Day of the Fathers.
Speaking to some water tankers, they said, “We are no longer able to supply water as required by many due to the shortage of water.
He said that Christ through his suffering restored the Passover and it is through the Eucharist that all are united with God and therefore we must live and not just believe.
“Let us be glad and rejoice, and give honor to him: for the marriage of the Lamb is come, and his wife hath made herself ready” Revelation 19:7
On this occasion, the CEM also honored the elders of Umiam village in the presence of MDC Rangkynsai Kharbuki, Rangbah Shnong Stevan Kharkrang, village officials, youth and children.
Bah Lynrah, expressed the need for employment programs through the leadership of the SSSS, alleging that government employees are only parasites and do not provide anything. On the influx of Kharlieh Khariong, he said that it is through the permission of the villagers that they will be able to enter.
On the occasion, a short meeting was conducted by Samla Gary Mawlieh, President KSU Mawlai Mawroh Unit.
AAY rice will be distributed 35 kilos per month free of cost, PHH rice will be distributed 5 kilos per month free of cost, while Non-NFSA rice will be distributed free of cost. 7.215 kilos per month at a wholesale price of T.12.00/- per kilo and a wholesale price of T.14.00/- per kilo.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that the peace and order situation in the North East due to various protests and others are issues that need to be addressed.
In the inquiry report of the Magistrate of Sohra Civil Sub-Division, the Soil Department has replied that it has spent T.20 tyngka for one tree in the first year 2010-2 and another T.12 was spent to plant one tree in the second year.
Two of these Dkhars, who numbered about six, were arrested from 7Mer after a man drove them from Mylliem area for speaking bad language in front of women and men.
The BSF also demanded that the BGB should immediately arrest the Bangladeshis who smuggle and attack people in the state.
Besides, Bah Pynïaid said that if we count the amount of Rs 5 crore, it has been able to pay the salaries of the employees of KHADC for two months.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 22: The Indian Army has announced to all young men and women of West Khasi Hills District, who have reached the age of 95 to 21 years, to join the army.
On the other hand, the polling station officials said that there was a problem with the machine which caused them to delay the start of polling at the polling station.
According to Bah Tokin, “the conflict between one side and another or one village and another is not arranged...in the real conflict they have decided how many markets, or how many months to fight in any place. , on which day...The victory depends on the skill of the shooter and on the will of the leader of the party called the shooter...Then when the shooting is over, the story goes on.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the state will not ban the movement of trucks in the state, as there is a balance between income and traffic control. disease in the state.
Many have never been able to endure such a heat.
Nidaroi Mulieh scored a hat-trick in the match played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday.
Earlier, Prestone said that in the past, when Dr. Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister, he did not agree to talk about the ILP issue. the civil society could not do anything.
“Therefore, as the people, we should not support such people, because many of the leaders today are breaking the grounds just for the sake of power.
He also said that he intends to build a road from Lumshyrmit to Shkentalang and also intends to improve the Mukhaialong, Lumshyrmit road so that it is easier for motor vehicles and the public to come to this place.
The Seng has no objection to the decision of the Sengbhalang.
Participants can register online and offline and the deadline for receipt will be on 18th November.
The exact cause of the shooting is still unknown, but police suspect that it may have been a result of a difference of opinion and hatred, which led to the shooting. with this gun until he was seriously injured.
“The special allocation for women is on our agenda.
However, one thing that is terrible is that many others take advantage and as more and more people are lyngkar, society becomes lyngkar and many evil deeds can happen.
When the living and working conditions are affected, whether alive or dead, the political part is involved and participates in the rule of law.
“All the newspapers in Agartala are owned by Bengalis,” he said. “All the newspapers in Agartala are owned by Bengalis”.
Up to 2000 piglets were also distributed to 400 beneficiaries, and also the distribution of high quality kuroiler chicks to 100 beneficiaries.
The Common Bio Medical Waste Treatment and Disposal Facility (CBMWTDF) has been established at Marten, Shillong at the site of Bio Medical Waste. It is 2009.06 square meters.
In the message received by police, the girl said that her 14-year-old friend was kidnapped by a gunman and taken away in a van. ' white line heading south of I-95 to Oak Hill.
The truth must remain the truth.
Siangshai said that although no cases have been reported in Jaintia Hills or Meghalaya, the National Lock Down has been imposed and people have been ordered to stay away. and this distancing helps and prevents the spread of this Covid-19 from one person to another because it is said that this Covid-19 (Coronavirus) ) is an infectious disease.
When asked about the low turnout in the South Shillong MP election, Sanbor said that the Lotus is the symbol of the BJP. He himself found that the people in his constituency did not go to vote anymore even those who stood in line at the polling stations asked the election officials whether the name of Bah Sanbor and However, he said that due to the absence of the Lotus, the people have stopped voting in South Shillong. that thou hast witnesses to support thy testimony.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: One of the leaders of HANM, Devijune Myrthong, General Secretary, North West, Mairang, has been arrested. Along with Bah Adelbert Nongrum, he suddenly collapsed this morning and was taken to the Civil Hospital where he is still in bed.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that those who have completed MBBS cannot be forced to come back to the State to serve as doctors in Government hospitals because they There are also those who have paid the bond with the State Government, but there are also those who have continued their Post Graduate (PG) studies.
I thought at that time, we would see the beach at Shella.
What we can eat now is only the flesh of Syiar.
Then they must return to their own country.
Perhaps ancient coins with the image of foreign kings, which are now rare, are worth hundreds and thousands of tenge, and can be seen only in museums. ancient museum), or those people who are smart enough to collect such unusual, occasional coins.
Many of the Sohtrun farmers in Ri Bhoi District have been more excited and happy that this year the price of Sohtrun has increased in the market.
In a statement, TGSCU President Anand CH Momin said that the leaders of the Tura College Students Union, as a group of students, express and stand firmly that the The group itself supported the ACHIK group in their demand for the capital of the state during the rainy season and took the registration year to implement the roster system from
Love is one thing that everyone needs.
The KSU has found more than 289 foreigners who do not have Work Permit and documents proving that they are Indian citizens.
Shillong, Lber 10: Police have arrested Peter Nongkynrih from Motphran, Shillong on the 9th of this month at 8:30 pm and seized from him four tins of Golden tobacco. 1.88 grams of suspected heroin powder, 26 injection needles and 19 antiseptic swabs were seized.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Batkordor Nonglang, the mother of Aijingsuk who is studying at the same school, said that they are very sad and depressed. It is a great loss for their children but when they want to leave, they cannot send them to other schools because they are far away.
Sevenstar Syiemlieh, one of the members of the union, said that through the hard work and unity of the members, many robbers have been prevented from killing fish by shooting bombs and drugs. He said that last year many jarkhangs were found in the river but no people were found and the members of the union destroyed all the jars.
These disabled people are those with visual, hearing, mental, speech, and other physical disabilities.
The progress of the work is only about 50 percent even after the PAC has already sought a reply after conducting an inspection of the water tanks and irrigation systems in the past months,” he said. Paul Priest.
John 12:15.
The schools that participated included Government LP School, Namchiang Upper Primary School and Little Flower LP School.
Explaining to the public on this false news, which has spread on social media, Kong RM Kurbah, strongly condemned, saying that such people who publish such unfounded statements, are They have sent an Independent Inquiry into the allegation that there is a false report or a negative result for COVID-1
The chief guest on the occasion was the Local MLA, Stephanson Mukhim. Stephanson Mukhim donated about Rs 3 lakh and a half to the Society.
According to the answer, the Secretary to the EC W.Syiemlieh 12 times, the EM Finance Neil Antonio War 9 times, RS Wanniang Joint. Secretary 8 times, CEM 4 times and Banteidor Lyngdoh EM 2 times.
Those who attended the celebration were students and teachers of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The forum has learned that the Border Magistrate, Kong B.Blah, who was present on the occasion, should have immediately stopped the construction at this place, but she has sent them. Assamese to talk to Khanduli, but those Assamese did not come.
Nongpoh: Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the KSU Sengkmie in Ri Bhoi, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU Sengkmie, on Tuesday said that the KSU Sengkmie railway line to the state, because even the ILP and other laws to protect the people have not been implemented till today.
However, after the cleaning, due to the heavy rainfall during the rainy season, the road has not been stable and has caused more suffering to the people as it has deteriorated.
In some parts of Africa they have used the pawdar of this plant to kill even insects that eat the tree and coffee leaves.
-The KSU-Narpuh Circle has also come to inspect and write to the DMHO about all these shortcomings but nothing has been done.
The Central Government has abolished the special allowances of IAS, IPS and IFS officers from Assam-Meghalaya, Sikkim, Nagaland, Tripura and Manipur cadre.
In many of these competitions, the participants were not satisfied with the management. There were several youths who Rupang spoke to who took part in the competitions. who is like this rynsan.
Roning Nongkynrih, 34, resident of Nongkynrih, Jalynteng, was shot dead by the Border Security Forces on the night of 5th June. (BSF) on the Pynursla-Dawki road near Mawshun village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The State Unit of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has welcomed the resignation of Roshan Warjri as the Minister of Home Affairs. state especially in Garo Hills.
She also suggested that there should be a policy for the School Managing Committee to set the rules.
The Union Minister of State for Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises, Bhanu Pratap Singh Verma said that besides the PMEGP scheme, the Government under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi has introduced another scheme. PM Vishwakarma, in his speech at the program “HSVB” organized by the BDO office, Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, East Khasi Hills District, Tynring.
“The aim of this program is to include people with disabilities by allowing them to showcase their talents and abilities,” said Kong Warshong.
According to Mukul, the meeting should not discuss the ILP, but to discuss and find ways and means how to fight against the entry of foreigners into the state.
In the last match of the tournament, Ladthadlboh beat Shangpung Lumiawmushai 5-0
“We are patient and we are waiting and we expect the Government to understand that," he said.
The earthquake has been the focus of discussion among the residents of Shillong, in government offices and public places.
Upon hearing this statement by Ma Ngaitlang Dhar MLA Umroi Constituency, all the people who attended the meeting laughed and when the reporter tried to ask what caused them to laugh, he said. They replied that they agreed with the statement of Ma Ngaitlang Dhar.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Leaders of the CNC on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) to submit their report after their visit. visited Nongpiur Upper Primary SSA, Nongpiur School to inform the officer about the many shortcomings in this school.
Shillong, Nailar: The Awaken India Movement (AIM) will hold a Quit India Movement program on the occasion of the 80th anniversary of the leadership of the Father of India, Mahatma Gandhi. brought upon all the children of India.
In this regard, he said the state government has also held talks with Assam for cooperation in this regard.
He said that the RDA candidate has the hope of reaching the goal, because when counting the votes in the MLA elections, he has exceeded all.
However, it is surprising that when the union went to find out why these slasha farms have not been implemented properly, as planned by the JHADC to benefit the people of Khanduli-Lapang to get jobs; The CFO replied that the land has been abandoned because the slasha they planted is not a good seed.
“We have demanded from the EM to set a limit to issue trading license to Dkhars in Laban area,” said Bah Najiar after meeting him today.
Ribokstar said that the DC has promised to talk to the SP and the tourism department has not set up check gates or police.
Joe Thangkhiew urged the public not to steal but to support the filmmakers by going to the cinema halls.
He said that Nikhla has created many ways and means to check the mismanagement of funds of the department by identifying areas where there is corruption in the department.
The DCs have also informed that there is damage to rice in many villages.
Nongstoiñ: As part of the monitoring of the works of the District Jail in Nongstoiñ which is one of the District Jails in the State which has been stalled for decades now, the Minister in charge of PWD (Building) u Bah Comingone Ymbon on Friday morning visited the site to conduct an inspection.
This time too, the biggest issue will undoubtedly be the clash between the NPP and the BJP after the arrest of its State Vice President, Bernard Marak after the police raided his farmhouse. , they found a lot of unpleasant things.
Why was it moved from Sohra to Shillong for what reason? And in what year?2
Matthew 2:12.
Police officials said that only two foreigners have been found to have valid visas and allowed to stay in India, while three others have been arrested. stay beaiñ in this country.
The Cabinet meeting today decided to cut the salaries of all Members of Parliament by 30 per cent, said Prakash Javadekar, Minister of State for Home Affairs.
Therefore, it is urgent to immediately improve thie area by cleaning it and removing it immediately, by moving the Marten to other places and it is necessary to that, the marten that is according to this age of science.
Teiboklang Jyrwa of Don Bosco Secondary School Nongkohlew won the Best Athlete Under-18 Boys title and Wendy Sylliang of Sacred Heart Girls Higher won the Best Athlete Under-18 Boys title. Secondary School.
We hope that the NPP will play an important role in the formation of the government in the state,” he said.
The border areas of Shella like Kalatek, Nayabasti are under the jurisdiction of the Dorbar Shnong Shella. or owners (Khasi) who look after these lands and have to pay annual fees to the owners.
The Chief Minister has visited the state especially in Garo Hills.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,45,26,609, the number of recoveries to 1,26,71,220 and the death toll to 1,75,6
This public statement has been published in many media outlets.
“Besides, he said that these HSPDP MLAs have not expressed any objection that they are not happy to work with the Congress or the TMC. If they don't get a majority, they will sit again as a party before taking a decision.
Why don't we teachers have rights anymore and why do we have rights only for these three years?” The MSSASA leader demanded that the Minister of Education of the State Government should ask the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma. Kongkal Sangma on the amount of Rs 44 crore which should be paid by the State Government according to the Capping Norms which has not been released yet.
Returning Officer MM Kumar, retired Chief Justice of the High Court of J&K, issued this statement.
Shillong, June 19: The body of Deenadayalan Vishwa, who passed away in a car accident before the start of the 83rd Senior National Table Tennis Championship, has been laid to rest. on Tuesday in Chennai.
We are fortunate that Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has taken this important decision to convene a special session to discuss the ILP and this will be a victory for the government of Sangma and his colleagues in the MDA government also had to pay tribute to the political parties, which have been encouraged in this election, even though they have failed in the past decades, including last year. 2013 is the end of the year.
Earlier, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) had met him and demanded that he should challenge the acceptance of the VAB and stop the government's plan to challenge the duties of the elders. village.
It took him half a year to complete the drawing, as he started on the 3rd of July 2022 and completed it on the 2nd of July,
The two years 2020 and 2021 are the years that cannot be discussed, the government will be able to function properly from mid-21 to 2022 and it can be said from the beginning of 2018 to They have been able to work properly for only three years or more than two years.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President Rikman Momin said, “The people themselves are the reporters of the miracles that the BJP has done under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to develop the country and to better understand. He also spoke to those who have benefited from the many schemes announced by Modi and took the feelings of those who met with the party office bearers. they get something that can make a difference in their lives.
According to police, Sana Negi and Prashant Kheti have been identified as the leaders in connection with the crime.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Electricity, James K Sangma, today said that the state government has written to the Assam government not to suspend the electricity scheme at Umwali village in Langpih district, West. Khasi Hills.
According to information received, the Ri Bhoi Police have raided these Nigerians at Lad Umsaw and after reaching the scene, they have been arrested. and suspected of involvement in the murder in Mumbai.
When asked how he feels about the election, Bah Hamlet, who joined the NPP from the People's Democratic Front (PDF), said that the people of Mylliem still trust him and he does not hesitate to win again this time.
If the State Bank follows these rules, it will show that only school going children can open pleng accounts and only parents who have epic can register their children. and those who do not have epics, or who have lost their epics, so they cannot open a new account.
They include Franky Lyngdoh, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, Romingstar Lamare, Remdor Lyngdoh and Kamio Biam.
The seven were arrested in October this year and Kumkum Ahmed Choudhury is said to be the mastermind of the gang, who runs the operation from Bengaluru.
Many of the rivers in Jaintia Hills which are located in the coal mining areas are not supplied with wastewater.
On the peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC), Conrad informed Prime Minister Duh that the HNLC has expressed its readiness to talk without any conditions with the Government of India. Meghalaya, which shall be subject to the provisions of the Constitution.
According to the Act passed by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, the Head of the Lok Ayukta shall be a retired High Court Judge of any State, or any other person. /any person of repute who has nothing to do with his or her character or conduct.
He also appealed to the government to turn its attention to this issue and said, “If we turn to employment it is difficult, but through these skills that the youth have, it will be which benefits them.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the amount spent for Sodium Hypochlorite is T.1 crore out of T.8 crore including the amount allocated for sanitizing the roads. hospitals, accommodation and the calculation of transportation fees for foreigners.
He said that NEEPCO has already informed that the soskular should be terminated and it should focus more on how to generate clean electricity.
“Go to Tamabil and you will see the trucks lined up carrying bags of sugarcane and piat and how they can enter the border safely with the help of those who are the border guards,” said Kong Dolly.
The Seng has urged that if there are students from the Hynniewtrep community who have received sufficient marks, they should be allowed to study with them.
The former CEM, who is the Leader of the Opposition in KHADC, recalled the protest in 1952 when the Governor allowed non-Khasis to be appointed MDCs in KHADC. The purpose is to introduce the word 'unrepresented tribe' as the District Council itself is for the indigenous people.
However, due to the delay, as the CEM of KHADC and the Secretary of the EC of KHADC, we have filed a petition in the Supreme Court. The case has been pending in the Supreme Court because the Executive Committee has not taken up the case.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, after hearing many comments from the Ïatei, in the dorbar tlang on Tuesday regarding the rules of procedure of the current EC, The question mark was to accuse the former EC under the leadership of Sohra MDC Bah Titosstarwel Chyne of leaving behind many issues.
For example, if the Police arrest a drug user or drug dealer, they should search and follow up until they find the source of the drug.
Leaders of the Ri-Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC) today took to the streets to express their strong opposition to the sudden increase in the price of petrol and diesel across the country.
In his speech, he expressed his gratitude and congratulations to the Mawten Sports Club for organizing such tournaments for the Rangbah who have reached their 40th anniversary card. Give them the opportunity once again to showcase their talents despite the physical limitations.
The terrain’s complexity makes it difficult to build decent roads at a low cost.
So here too we need skilled and highly skilled workers.
The CSWO has demanded an inquiry into whether Karan Jain and Reshmi Rohit Jain have any connection with Rohit Jain, Chairman of CMJ Breweries, who is the same person who was announced as one of the CMJ Breweries. Member of the Board of Directors of MIDC in 2009 and
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that although the number of cases of Covid-19 is increasing day by day, the state government has not there is no plan to close the state again.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has expressed his delight to contest this election from the United Democratic Party (UDP). It is a national party and will turn its attention to issues that affect the life and death of the nation.
“Before the elections, there will be many people who will criticize me for what I have done and ask questions about what I have done for the people, but don't listen to them. work hard with a spirit of love and hope”, said Bah Pius.
Your proposal is very good.
Prestone Tynsong said that Meghalaya has only two regulated markets, one in Mawiong and one in Garobada in West Garo Hills District. Export of agricultural products such as synsar, tyrpad leaves, kwai, tympew and others outside Meghalaya.
The coronavirus has brought a great deal of suffering to those who have suffered from this disease and in the past few days, it has been reported in various newspapers, that there are up to 200 bodies, who were buried in the grave, along the Ganga River, in parts of Ghazipur, Unnao in Uttar Pradesh and then, bordering Bihar.
After the elections, the TMC did not win and won only five MLAs including four from Garo Hills and one from Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
During the inspection, the Ministers found that there was no such market holding every day as alleged, but they said that the market was held only once a month on Sunday. Rhythm.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 7: Victorealness Syiemlieh, Assistant Director of Nurses, Shillong, has been arrested on Wednesday morning. Retired President of India, Droupadi Murmu on Tuesday received the award from the hands of the President of India, Droupadi Murmu at a ceremony held at Rangthong, South West Khasi Hills District. ha Darbar Hall, Rashtrapati Bhawan, New Delhi.
Ahad said that passengers will feel comfortable when they travel on good roads.
Special thanks also go to the children from Upper Shillong including Donald Thangkhiew, Maitshaphrang Khongjee and Baniengskhem Nongrum, who have brought fame to the Upper Shillong area.
Balsan was taken to hospital on 17th June and on 19th June he suffered from headache and fever under the supervision of Dr.BC Paul.
Bah Samlin said that the people often look at a person and not the party if they see that he or she is qualified for the job but to ask the party to campaign for any candidate is not right.
"Fortunately, God still uses man to write and to write.
The winners were Deilang and Nongpluh (Badminton), Honda-ohi Pappang (Taekwondo), Ferdinand Suchiang (Wushu), Wankishwa Mawlong (Judo), Happiness Phawa (Athletic) and Marso Kyndiat ( Athletic).
The following are the quarterfinal match schedules: 13.09.23 @ 11.30 AM- Lion vs Iawmulong Nartiang.
D in Zoology from North Eastern Hill University.
In a statement signed by Bah MR Synrem, Commissioner & Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, the Government of Meghalaya has issued an order on 2nd November 2018, authorizing the drivers to issue number plates. , at the discretion of the owner of the vehicle, by paying a fee, fixed by the State Government.
Lokesh Turaha also did well after taking 3/7
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ruled that Banks/E-Commerce and others do not send Apps to the public,” said SP Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ruled that No longer shall mining in the State be allowed without a permit under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act,
Their protest is primarily because the government has not yet been able to resolve the border issue.
The order also stipulates that the firing of pataka bombs will be from 8 pm to 10 pm.
In this part, the blue color turns into stem, the red color turns into jyrngam, the white into ïong and so on.
I am excited to think how it will be when every household flies the flag of the country,” said Joshi, who also teaches at Gorkha Secondary School, Laimer.
No foreign national shall be required to produce any document to prove citizenship after this Act.
Blue Ribbon Bags will help to locate and expedite the delivery of passengers' bags by using its technologies and facilities around the world.
The Governor of Meghalaya, in his speech on the village of peace, said that in 2020, there will be peace in the state, despite the protests against the CAA. , by civil society organizations, but these protests have been suppressed.
He said that the raid strongly condemns the violence because only the sordar of the raid can conduct the religious services and on this basis, it has opposed his violence in the presence of the magistrate. and the police that day.
With the passing of the days, the Yatra has grown and continues to attract the attention of the people, and it continues to grow.
“To convince the people to stop using plastic is not easy and there should be a way to provide them (the public) with organic bags or plastic bags that rot after 90 years. day.
“Now the Government has promised to give us another 1.4 acres...why...how much compassion can we have for others?
What will make the festival even more exciting is the arrival of Australian indigenous people to showcase their traditional culture.
Nongpoh, Nailar 05: The Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Forum (RBTEDF) has decided to hold the Sohtrun Festival in Ri-Bhoi District for the third time, after several years of suspension due to the Covid-19 pandemic. This is also one of the objectives of the organization to improve the sohtrun cultivation and also to improve the income of the farmers through the sohtrun cultivation in Ri-Bhoi.
He was also in response to North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum's suggestion that two BJP MLAs, AL Hek and Sanbor Shullai, should leave the party. opposition to the enactment of the Citizenship Amendment Act
The incident in Mukroh took place during the talks between the Assam and Meghalaya governments after the first round had passed while the second round was about to begin.
On the protests of the political parties, he said, “Protests should exist, but they should be acceptable to the people and should not affect the development of the country”.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has decided to close down the house of Abdul Sattar at Nongmalki Road, Nongshiliang, Malki, Shillong, the Deka Store and the house of Vinod Deka at Cleve Colony, Shillong. The house of Mildalin Mawiong, Bishnupur, Old Kench's Trace, near Sur Bathiang and the house of Verlette Marbaniang, Bishnupur, near Sunny Girls Hostel, on the first floor of G. Rani, ABP Road, Iewdak, Laban, Shillong and then the house of M. Nongkynrih, Kynjat Phutbol, ​​Block-A. This order will come into force from the 11th of this month until further notice.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, it was understood that the protest that the two parties have put forward is a big procession here in Shillong and the procession is to go to the Secretariat.
There are 47 districts in India with an increase of more than 10 percent and the highest number of cases are in Manipur.
“For example, the market has not yet opened for the purpose of preventing the spread of COVID-19 and it is a challenge for our farmers and traders to run the market.
In the 67 kg category, Raksil N Sangma from West Garo Hills scored 142 points and won the gold medal while from South-West Khasi Hills, only one won the gold medal. .
The number of cases of covid-19 in the United States has risen to 47,000 on Tuesday, the highest number of cases in a single day, Reuters reported.
The clergy are considered to be the second beast because they teach the people to regard Caesar as the Reverend or Rev. which means the Savior of the world, the holiest, the brightest and the most fearsome to look at. .
Atong Matgrik opened the scoring through Walsrang Ch Sangma (35, 80min) and Silash G Momin (48min). I'm a substitute.
If the candidates have a sense of fear, they try to join hands with other political parties to win easily, but I am ready to fight the battle for the people and I understand that my duty is to force the people shall choose me.
“We will discuss any issues and I hope the discussion will be meaningful,” he said. He said that regarding the ILP, he will be able to speak until the meeting with the four parties. sun.
On the other hand, Shangpung Moosyiem SC turned the tide through Ebormi Lyngdoh in the 63rd minute.
Replying to the concerns raised by the Vice Chancellor regarding the lack of facilities within the University, the Minister acknowledged that the facilities are not adequate.
Nongpoh: A truck (PB 06 L 9777) collided with a house on the NH-30 Assam at Jerobad village today. masi and besides, it also caused damage to three vehicles near the house.
He said that the arrival of the company has caused more problems to the people of Sohbar, Lad Ryngud and others.
The incident happened at 11 pm this morning, when a truck number AS-01-DD-9857 collided with a truck in Shillong. , crossed the divider and collided with a truck number AS-25-CC-7364 which was on its way to Shillong. , went to collide with a Maruti Car (ML-10-A-7580) which was driving on the right.
For example, there are many schools run by church groups and some of them have received SSA funds.
The opening ceremony of the Convention will be held on the 9th at 2 pm at the ground floor of the Presbyterian Church Pynthor-umkhrah. .
Speaking on the occasion, Mukul said the government will soon launch an oxygenated van to transport the fish to the market to increase the income of the farmers. fishermen and educated youth who want to take up this type of work as a source of income.
The purpose of this cleanliness drive is to encourage the people to follow and clean up every day from time to time especially in public places and urged the Dorbar Shnong of the villages near the road. They should join hands with them in this cleaning of the road so that together they can clean up the road and other places to make it clean and green and plastic free.
The rally will start at 11 pm from Congress Bhavan and will proceed to the Additional Secretariat, where a public meeting will be held at the venue. , invites those with the same caring spirit, to get involved.
NEHUSU has vowed to hold another strike if the Vice Chancellor does not immediately dismiss Rohit Prasad by 12 pm on Thursday and if he does not implement the demands for the welfare of the students of NEHUSU. In reply, Prof. Shukla informed the students that Rohit Prasad has been appointed Contractually according to the Rules and Regulations of NEHU. “If you want a copy, I will give it to you,” said Prof. Shukla to the students. “This is not a decision taken by the Vice Chancellor himself. , but this is not the case with the Executive Council.
If others praise you, that's right, but to praise yourself, like these leaders, this MDA government looks stupid in front of the world.
When we listen to the current political situation, it seems that those who will fight will be between the NPP and the UDP. Some of the national parties have alleged that the national parties have ended up in Byrnihat and those who have been in the national parties who have sought refuge in the national parties have alleged that their voices have been gagged because there is no do not listen to their problems.
It is to be recalled that Bah Marshall, who used to live in the market, has disappeared from the place where he used to throw tin jot, after a sudden collapse of the synrum.
“The auction of coal is in accordance with the court order against illegal coal trucks arrested and seized by the police or district authorities, not the coal that has not been mined worth 32 lakh rupees. MT said the government is preparing to auction according to the NGT's directive.
The order states that anyone who violates this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
No more, up to 5,000/T.(2) You have to buy a smartphone.
Ma Pdok Tariang has sent his resignation letter to the General Secretary of the Khliehriat Block Congress Committee Rimistar Dkhar and said that he has decided to resign from the Congress party for personal reasons.
Not only that, but when there is any preparation of a scheme, he will ensure that the DPR will be adequate and that it should not turn back to the government department, especially in relation to the schemes, which should apply for funds from the Government of India,” said the former Chief Minister.
The video was shot by people who followed the driver of the arshaka.
“We also hope that the people will continue to support the RDA (in the Lok Sabha elections) as they did in 2023,” he added.
Primrose's performance earned him the title of Man of the Match.
At the same time, he advised the students to have a goal in their lives so that they can prepare how to achieve success in their lives and also to avoid the shortcomings that can to affect their reading.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi, who will be sworn in at 7 pm, will meet his cabinet at 4.30 pm at his residence.
Many changes in governance have been witnessed in the state after the independence of the state where the powers of the District Councils have been weakened to a great extent, and they have to rely on the state government.
Regarding the MMDR Act, Ma Pala said he has asked the BJP government in Delhi and said that Meghalaya should be exempt from the MMDR Act so that He said that the issue of coal mining is one of the issues of the BJP's election campaign but no signs have been seen yet. In this regard, he went to meet the Minister in charge in Delhi and the Minister said that they have decided not to do anything about the coal issue and this shows that the BJP has targeted the people. and where he shall light the coal.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) through its Social Cell, which was set up to help others in need, today donated blood to a woman who needs blood for treatment. Drs. Norman Tunnel Hospital, Jowai.
There is a chance that this will not happen, but if it happens it is very bad for the villagers and the villagers themselves should be blamed.
There are those who are poor in their poverty, but do not value their wealth to acquire unjust wealth, and in the same way there are those who are rich who value the ability to accumulate wealth without limit.
Shillong: U Bah Michael Warjri has approved the construction of a PMGSY road at Balakhawa in Nongspung Hima in Ribhoi District by Bah Michael Warjri. KHADC has summoned these two cases to appear twice at the office of Dy.CEM Bah Pyniaidsing Syiem, but it has been like fighting for the land of the children which the KHADC has not yet been able to take. The Secretary, Bah Michael Warjri, said that he could not attend the meeting because he was ill.
P Marboh scored the goals for Lumpariat in the 25th minute and Rihok Chyrmang in the 80+2
The loss of this journalist, who is also a strong member of 'U Nongsaiñ Hima', has shocked the entire office as it will be difficult to fill the position. and the old man left them behind.
The Day Section, Qualapatty, Shillong will celebrate its 60th Diamond Jubilee on 12th June
With this victory, these schools will be ready to lead the District at the State Level which will be held this month by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs.
“We have explained to him about the MRSSA and he has listened to our concerns and understands the wishes of the people of the North East.
Referring to the revised wages announced by the government from time to time, he said that according to the Minimum Wages Act 1951, the employees should increase their wages at least twice a year. from 1st April and 1st October but the muster roll and day laborers have expressed their surprise that the second phase is approaching. The government has not implemented this new bill.
“We are proud as the residents of Mawlai that ME Trade and Transport, the company of Saikia Vipul Saikia and his friends, have come to apologize for their actions. They also expressed their concern that the misconduct of these four employees has tarnished the reputation of the Company.
The Central Government through the NITI Aayog has allocated T.267.4 crore including T.133 crore to KHADC, T.100.71 crore to GHADC and T.33.57 crore to JHADC for development projects.
Besides the property and the money of three thousand tyngka, they were destroyed.
On this occasion, the state government has released Rs 32.20 lakh through the FOCUS Farmer's Welfare Program and Rs 12.69 lakh through the FOCUS+ Benefit Scheme to benefit about 2,000 farmers.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that the Garo in Bangladesh, Tripura and Assam do not get the same rights as the Garo in this state. the rights of the Garo minority.
The Government of India has launched the PRASAD scheme in the year 2014-2015 under the Ministry of Tourism.
Until now, no vehicle has been arrested.
Speaking to reporters, Donroy Kshiar, Asst.General Secretary of the HNYF, Northern Region, said that the HNYF has received accurate information on the plan of Assam to start the construction of the PMGSY road. , which started from Assam, then to New Balakhawa and Bernongsai.
Police usually receive complaints about theft of weapons, but this incident is different from others and this has prompted them to seek opinion from their superiors on the complaint.
However, those who work in shops with less than 10 employees in one shop should have a Local Complaint Committee (LCC) to oversee the district authorities.
The three Khasi-Jaintia MLAs, including one Cabinet Minister of Assam, were silent in the Assam Assembly.
In the first semi-final between Hurdles CC and Nongdawah Cricket Club, Hurdles CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
He said that in fact the government should have followed the rules, that officers have to work for three years or more in any place where they have been sent.
tonnes and has increased this year.
“The unity of the ethnic parties is very important but we don't want to unite before the elections because it has broken up just after the elections,” he said.
Meanwhile, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the whole of India has rejected the Congress and now the Congress has only 44 MPs in Parliament which used to win 2-3 thousand seats.
Rhino orbital cerebral mucormycosis: This affects the head, eyes, neck and can also spread to the brain.
Besides these, he said that the Seng is also willing to help those poor families and that is to send their children to school. who are better suited with that not within the state, but outside of the state.
He said that when his father was no longer an MLA, the people still came to meet him.
“But we are in a society where we have to have a collective responsibility not only for ourselves but for others as well.
On the occasion of World Environment Day (WED) 2018, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, in his appeal to the youth to reduce the consumption of electricity, u la ong, “If we can do this (save electricity) even for a day, it will, to a great extent, reduce pollution, help save energy and protect our environment.
Nassar Marweñ, Sordar of Nongumsur, who is also the former President of the Meghalaya Mine Owners and Exporters Association (MMOEA), said that up to 70 villages have been affected by the floods. come through this bridge which is the center of their journey.
The Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Development Forum (RBTEDF) which is one of the groups that promotes tourism in Ri-Bhoi District, today decided to hold a trekking tour in Ri-Bhoi District. Pahambirlum to Pnah Kyndeng on the 10th of this month which is about 5km away which is also a famous lymbit cremation located in Pahamskhen village of Raid Nonglyngdoh in Ri-Bhoi District.
The biggest damage was caused to the rice fields which were planted in the area for the purpose of producing Ata, Moida, Suji. any unfortunate event.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said anyone including the Voice of the People Party (VPP) can come and meet the Government at any time to discuss the issue.
In a statement sent by the Publicity Secretary of the party, Samla Mebanteilang Sukhaliñ, the party congratulated the Government for whatever it does and accomplishes for the benefit of the people. It will also benefit not only this area but the entire state.
He said that if anyone is not happy with the order to close the road issued by the Hima Sohra and the Dorbar, they can go to the court or any other authority.
She stirred up her shyllang because it would take time to deliver the food, but she was surprised to see that her husband had already prepared the food in just 15 minutes.
As soon as Bah Let saw the police, he fled and talked only to his wife.
It is also necessary to cultivate only one plant.
Another land vendor, Kong M.Ryntathiang, alleged that while she was trying to help her friend, a Municipal employee grabbed her by the neck and back.
In Sumer there are about 15 households who raise dairy cows and these have provided milk for the villagers and outsiders as well.
The aim is to protect people from exploitation but not to ban trading in slaughterhouses.
He said that the Chief Minister and the entire Cabinet have visited the village and provided necessary assistance to the families of the deceased including the injured.
Dr. Shakti Bhargava today slapped BJP spokesperson GVL Narasimha Rao in New Delhi while speaking to reporters.
Therefore, from time to time it is said that this farmer, who has forgotten his name, used to take the tyndong skong tyndong siej which he deposited money to the place to dry in the sun.
It is learned that about six robbers, armed with pistols and dakars, entered the Petrol Pump near Pynursla and stole T.3 lakh.
We have appointed a consultant and a contractor on this,” said Kong Lyngdoh in the House on Monday.
He is a well-known film star and a volunteer who wants to bring about change not only in the film industry but also in the society.
During the rainy season (July-September) it can be produced according to the need for electricity.
Papa, oh! If you have the opportunity to come back, we still need your presence.
It is to be recalled that the distribution of medicines on this day includes diseases such as ENT for the ears, head, throat and so on, Paediatrics for children, Gynecology for women. at all ages, General Medicine, and Oncosurgery for Cancer.
This is not the first time that traffic has stopped on the National Highway near Pamphyrnai Lake, but every time there is a khwai competition.
Even before this government, they are not enough or cannot become 'niang kohnguh' as ​​those in power want.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Lazarus Rani, Organizing Secretary of HYC Ri-Bhoi District, Samla Donbok Maiong, President of HYC Lai Shnong Unit, elders and women of HYC Ri-Bhoi District. the village together with the school authorities.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 67016 out of which 60375 have recovered and 1125 have died.
The Government will also have to announce the steps it has taken to seek more electricity from the National Grid and other available sources to reduce the shortage of electricity supply.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, today appointed the MLA of Mairang constituency, who is also the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB).
However, these works, instead of being like stones that adorn the crown and bring glory to the State together with the comfort of many churches; They have now become the cause of shame to the residents of the State as a whole and we are deeply saddened by this.
James himself said that the government's residence bill will abolish the powers of Rangbah Shnong, and the customs and traditions, which have always existed. you can sit on the DC".
“Since the Chief Minister sat in his office for the first time, I have gone to personally inform him regarding the issue of recruitment and the roster system,” he said. let the Metbah.
In the Under 14 Boys category, Lai Shnong Higher Secondary School beat Riwar Jaintia SOG Secondary School 2 to 1, Ïalong Secondary School beat 3 to 1 goals. Lumpyrtuh Secondary School beat Ummulong Presbyterian Higher Secondary School 2-1 in the tie breaker.
On the same day, the full office bearers of KSU Barak Valley Circle for the term 2018-2021 were sworn in. Samla Morningstar Suja as President and Samla Evan Suchen as General Secretary among others.
“We cannot shape the future for them (youth, children), but we can teach them to shape their future.
Earlier, the Joint Action Committee of the All Meghalaya Farmers Union (JACAMFU) had condemned the government of Mukul Sangma for not implementing the demands of the union especially to introduce a law on agriculture and other activities. on the demand for the recognition of synsar and tyrpad leaves as agricultural products.
“The strength of the GNLA is only 9-10 members besides Sohan and there are a few,” the DGP told reporters today.
Therefore, you can appeal to the Privilege Committee.
Shillong: U NPP Leader and Symbud Chief Minister, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday denied rumors that there will be a change in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA)-2 government after the elections in Sohiong.
Meghalaya won five gold, three silver and two bronze medals.
She said that most of the blood that has been donated to the people is due to the willingness of the villagers to donate blood.
Speaking at the meeting, Lahkmen promised to complete the Science Stream by mid-2
"At the same time, he said it is too difficult to give an accurate estimate at this time.
This scheme is for children and young people and is specially designed to teach them to eat healthy foods and others.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, four districts have four active cases in East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi District. .
Besides, he also expressed his regret and regret over his haste to use force in the incident.
They now live in Nongrim Hills with their husband and three young sons.
At the meeting, the HSPDP also welcomed those who came from other parties like the NPP, Congress and PDF, who came to join and who were appointed as new office bearers to work together and give. Speeches were also delivered by Bah Srolin Puweiñ, Leader of the PDF, Bah Norbet, Leader of the PDF. NPP, Congress leaders and others.
Sangma said that the government has taken action to find ways and means to reach a settlement on the issues that the people of the state need.
Even during the lockdown, we are still seeing that there are attempts by foreigners to enter our State as we have seen recently in Umsawkhwan Ri Bhoi District, where there are up to 5 Khar Biharis from Bihar. Visit this village on 20th June
He said that if this is the case, the word Autonomous should be removed and the word department should be replaced.
“This is an urgent task and we want the Government to do it as soon as possible because the marten is no longer suitable for use,” he said.
Mukul also urged the relevant department to collect the success stories of the disabled and produce an annual report.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the main issue at the meeting was on the certificates seized from the cattle trucks, as these certificates are not signed. I'm from the Veterinary Department, but I'm not sure what to do.
When inquired, they said that they do not know the people who cut down and destroyed the rice fields because this was done after the land owners left for the village.
Shillong, June 25: Meghalaya beat Punjab 1-0 in the final match of Group A of the Senior Men's National Football Championship, Santosh Trophy on Saturday night. Blei at Manjeri Payyanad Football Stadium, Kerala.
“If the Government or the Regional Committee does not listen to the voice of the residents living on the border, I have already made it clear that I will be with the people. “It's because of them,” said Charles Marngar, a member of the Ri-Bhoi Regional Committee and also the Congress MLA from Mawhati.
He was accompanied by his wife, Madhulika Rawat, who flew by Mi-series helicopter.
Shillong, March 03 : Meghalaya started their Subroto Mukherjee Cup campaign by beating Madhya Pradesh 4-0 in the U-17 men's category. Monday in New Delhi.
In a letter signed by Bah Joplang Kharnaior President and Bah Shembor Langrin, General Secretary, the Seng said that these rnga burners have been allowed to burn rnga because the owners or Rangbah Shnongs have been allowed to burn rnga. They are allowed to burn rnga without NOC or permission from the Forest Department or the District Council or the State Government.
The number of new cases has risen to 4,301 in the past 24 hours.
In fact, on the 22nd of July 2023, these centers should have been opened and even the programs have already been arranged by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday expressed her satisfaction with the introduction of the Women Reservation Bill which allocates 33 percent seat for women to become leaders in Parliament. as well as in the Legislative Assemblies in various states in the country.
If the soil is dry, water only after planting.
The Rangbah Shnong, Bah PG Lamare, in his speech, thanked Raju Loungani of Majestic Hotel for providing this food to the poor people of Mawroh. This will also be an example to other villages to do whatever they can to help especially those who come from poor families.
From the documents dated November-November 2020 of MePDCL, it was found that initially, MePDCL had planned to hand over the implementation of SAUBHAGYA to the existing TKCs and those implementing DDUGJY. TKC of DDUGJY also agreed to implement SAUBHAGYA with the amendment of some of the rules.
There will never be anyone to take action to check or control this price increase, one of the elders said that it depends on our individual wisdom on how to proceed.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday demanded that the State Government should formulate an Action Plan to curb the presence of factories. illegal coal mining or Coke Factory within the boundary of Sutnga District.
To find the Gospel is not wrong but we must respect the faith of others... Until now we have found the Gospel through violence means or hate preaching.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Jaintia Higher Secondary School (KJHSATA) will hold its public meeting on the 15th of this month at Synod Higher Secondary School, Shillong at 10:30 am. All members of the Association are invited to attend the meeting on the appointed date and time.
Agnes said she has received information that this is not the first time that MIMHANS has refused to treat patients but it has happened many times. it should provide a 24-hour service so that the public can use it properly when they need treatment.
All the shops selling cows in the market in Iewduh are now empty.
On the other hand, the MLAs also promised to take action on this issue and will also take a message to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma regarding the Meghalaya House. well according to their experience here in Bengaluru.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong today are Serial Hinge, (76) of Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills, who died at home on 09-07-2 7th Mile, Upper Shillong, East Khasi Hills.
The All Saint Cathedral, the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christian, the Khyndai Lad, but due to the heavy rain, They have not been able to complete the visit to other places as part of promoting the beauty of these places in Shillong.
In a petition sent to the Managing Director of MTDC, Bishop Cotton Road, Shillong, the HYC said, “According to our information, Puranjan Das has been arrested. He was appointed Chief General Manager of MTDC on
Shillong: Congress MLA Ampareen Lyngdoh has denied that any MLAs have decided to leave the party as stated by NPP MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar.
All these things were accomplished by unity, discipline and strong faith.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Wanseng first of all expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area, Bah PT Sawkmie for visiting the scene after the tragic incident. They also promised to provide immediate assistance to these families.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Mawpynthih Presbyterian Church will host the first Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian (KJP) Central Synod from 17th to 19th October 2023 at Mawpynthih. and the victorious purpose was fulfilled.
ABK Indigenous Films through its producer, Bashan L Mawnai, who has expressed his surprise since the incident, has received phone calls and messages from all over the country.
The Chief Guest also urged the parents to cooperate with the teachers so that the future of the children will be bright. We have cooperated with each other so that we can develop this school higher and be on par with other schools in Nongstoin.
“We went to Marpna and Mairang, but we couldn't find them.
" added the State MR.
However, in Shillong, many offices such as the DTO, PWD, PHE, DHS and others have been closed due to the absence of employees.
Then they spread Christian churches in Sri Lanka, China, the Philippines, many parts of Europe and throughout India.
The purpose of this meeting was to stimulate the minds of the children on how to take care of the environment.
In this regard, we have informed the government about our problems, because on our part we cannot do anything anymore, the companies we work for have resigned and when the lockdown ends where will we go? I don't have a place to stay, I don't have a salary.
MCF Rae Bareli has renamed its hockey ground as 'Rani's Girls Hockey Turf'
She also spoke about the need for copy rights and urged the students and teachers to remember and respect the works of the authors so that we can all contribute. in the development of literature.
Waizer CH Sangma was the only player of NEUA CC to score 16 runs off 22 balls.
I,000000000 nano second long shi second.
However, if he wins, he will have to work with any party that can accept his desire for clean and impartial governance.
On receiving this information, the police in the state conducted a counter-insurgency operation on
Most of them are traders, 1 doctor, 4 engineers, 1 college teacher and 60 school teachers.
In Khasi and Jaintia Hills, the temperature will be between 24 to 27 degrees Celsius, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
The children were identified as Pema Yangkhen Sherpa (8) and Anisha S Bhagat (10) and are residents of Dong Shaneng, Umpling.
The JSU has demanded that the authorities in charge of MBBS and other courses should check the application documents to avoid misuse of Tribal and Village Syrnot.
“Why do you vote for a party that if you send others, we are afraid that in 5 years they will talk along the road but if they win Dr.Fenela, it will also bring “This will benefit the unemployed youth, the people and the farmers,” said Bah Sanbor.
The total number of recoveries in the state has risen to 857, with 618 cases in East Khasi Hills and 618 cases in West Khasi Hills. cases, South West Khasi Hills 7 cases, Ribhoi 56 cases, West Jaintia Hills 119 cases, East Jaintia Hills 19 cases, West Garo Hills 14 cases.
Also present on the occasion were Bah PT Sawkmie, Chairman of the State Development Reform Commission, former MLA as the chief guest and Reverend Father Richard Majaw as the chief guest. 100 years.
They do not have the right to compete with other large traders unless they receive assistance and support from the Government.
Killers of the Flower Moon will be Martin's first film to screen at the festival after winning Best Director in 1986 for After Hours.
Admitting that the BJP is better off with the reservation policy of the state which has been implemented since Meghalaya got its own state, Mawrie said the party's position is that all three, that is, the Khasi, Jaintia and Garo shall have an unlimited share.
The Water Storage Tank was inaugurated by Bah R.Kharbihkhiew, Block Development Officer, Umling C&RD Block as the chief guest. Chairman of Umling C&RD Block, Novin Lyngdoh, Chairman of Umling C&RD Block, Darilumlin Nongkynrih, DEO of Umling C&RD Block. and the residents of Umshit.
On the evening of October 14, 1983, my three young children and I were sitting on the ground floor of a house surrounded by a strong fence.
It is not known in what form they were able to establish the village but the authorities in charge of the area will know better.
About 11447 teachers will have to sit for the examination again, 6479 teachers from government schools, 3852 teachers from deficit schools and 1116 teachers from ad hoc schools including those in SSA schools.
The cleanliness drive was held as part of the celebration of Mahatma Gandhi's birth anniversary in solidarity with India. along the road as well as the drinking water supply and the cleaning water of the village.
This ceremony is for the entire Hima Shyllong.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government will not set up a casino in the state. and objections, on this proposal of the state government.
Looking back on the development of sports in the state during the past 10 years, the sports have improved significantly where youngsters have been able to showcase their talents. be in competition within your own state, outside your own state and even to the countries of the world.
On the other hand, the MHA officials, after receiving information on this issue, confirmed to the group that the Garo language will be included in the list of demands.
“The most important thing is why only the shops of small towns that sell food items have been closed, why haven't the pups/discoes and bars been closed? “The 144 CrPC and the prohibition on shops not to open after 10:00 pm is an attempt by the Government to This restriction of the Government is a violation of the rights of the people enshrined in Article 21 of the Constitution of India which states shai, “Article 21, which clearly states that right to livelihood is an integral part of the Right to life.
Art & Culture Secretary – Lakhon Siangshai.
“The Blessed Juno” was awarded for her contribution and development work in literacy.
Police have arrested two other members of the NRFM. The two members of the NRFM who were arrested on that day include Sagolsem Rahul. Meitei (19) of Bamon Kampu and Khulem Shyam Singh (19) of Khongpal Chaingangbam Leikaki, Imphal East district.
Deisy went to get ready for class while Bahnah was still busy.
And there shall be no more sickness, nor doctor, nor physician; for the earth shall be filled with the knowledge of the Lord” Isaiah 11:9
Parliament today criticized the opposition MPs for stealing the mobile phones of many opposition leaders and journalists. said Pegasus issued.
The Shillong Premier League will be played in November.
In addition, they will be taught how to make pesticides. These are pesticides that do not use pesticides but only with the necessary equipment.
A peaceful and happy home would be as John Howard who traveled the world but remembered his home fondly composed the song : “Home, home, home, there is nothing like home, there is no cat in the house.
The Hynniewtrep Traders Association (KHADC) on Tuesday met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem to explain to him the problems faced by the traders. related to peace and order, the provision of electricity and cleanliness inside the market so that many crimes will not spread.
One such example is the PA Sangma Sports Complex, Tura, which can accommodate 10,000 people. the world that has been built recently.
“We cannot take immediate action on all these issues but as the Minister of Home Affairs I will fight as much as possible by going through the phase to meet these needs by increasing the allocation of funds. part of the police department,” said the Minister of Home Affairs.
In a statement sent by Bah K.Pohshna President Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Warjaintia, it may be recalled that last year after the office of the SDO (Supply) released the list of beneficiaries Based on the Socio Economic & Census 2011 and sent to their respective villages/Fair Price Dealer, the union has found many of the shortcomings mentioned above and on this occasion the union has gathered the Rangbah Shnong, secretary, villages and FPS dealers and wrote a letter to the office and the authorities regarding the incompleteness of the list and also demanded that they should be allowed to register again so that all the low income households can be included. .
It is as if we were going to war with strong weapons.
The office bearers of the new village are Jarios Mukhim as Sordar, Tomip Kubah as Secretary and Kristina Kharhujon as Treasurer.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The High Level Committee (HLC) on Friday presented the Blueprint to the leaders of the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) after the State Government decided to relocate 342 households. Those who live in Sweeper's Lane in Mawlong Market to the quarters of Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) in Bishop's Cotton Road.
There are people who don't look at the name of the author, they comment on the sharer.
Niksrap also went to eat on the banks of the Simsang River with his friends at a place known as Rongkem.
When I asked the residents who those shops were, they didn't want to tell me the names of those shops.
There is still a path of hope for the hopeless even if we feel hopeless in our lives.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his pleasure to take part in this program and congratulated the Minister and all the employees of the Transport Department. They have expedited the opening of the DTO office in the district as part of bringing Khadar rule closer to the people.
On this basis, for the safety of the students living abroad as well as the youth who go to work, and the parents who send their children abroad, the union demands from the authorities. The state government and the central government should take action to conduct a thorough investigation so that the family will not be left in surprise but to get a fair trial. He also promised to cooperate with the party to follow up on the matter, as the family has not yet believed that the young woman is no longer on this earth.
“We demand our rights, the NBCC company and the government have no right to use force,” said Sanatomba Bamon, General Secretary of KSU Narpuh Circle.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the talk of repealing the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act, 2021 will not come out again.
Shillong and its surrounding villages have been filled with garbage.
Lyngdoh said that on 22nd November, a letter of confirmation was received from ICAR for NEH Region, Umïam which sent an inquiry to six scientists led by the Principal Scientist, Soil Science, Umïam. Dr S. Hazarika together with officers of the Directorate of Horticulture to conduct an inspection visit to the affected rice fields in Umsawrang and Dangar villages under Mawsynram C&RD Block.
The incident happened when the elephant was trying to cross the road to Chokingre village on the same road.
To be eligible to opt for UGC Scale, Candidates must have Ph.
Besides, 26 persons have been identified through video surveillance of stone throwing and burning of vehicles.
We are living in the last days, the days of God's wrath against the Laodicean church.
They also said that they cannot do anything else if the name does not appear when downloading from the website.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Robito Khongjoh (23) of Pahamsyiem, has lost his life after his Scooty collided with a truck in Nongpoh. ML-05Q-5446, collided with the rear of the truck (AS-01-HC-8748), which was parked opposite Oasis School in Nongpoh.
It is learned that an investigation has been launched into the involvement of these companies in the smuggling and they have been accused of misusing the money laundering by keeping a large amount of money and gold in their shops.
It is a special part of the Khasi man or woman in the society of the Khasi people and in the culture of Hynniewtrep.
“We don't blame any party until now we are in the middle of an understanding, although there are people who want to express themselves who belong to their parties or our parties, but as the state President of it is his duty to protect or do something for the party,” he said.
The Meghalaya High Court has also directed the state government to ban over-the-counter vehicles from passing through the Umiam Bridge due to the slowness and danger of the bridge. The district authorities have also issued orders to ban cross-border vehicles from passing through the Shillong Bye Pass, but many of the vehicles are still violating the order. Heavy vehicles are still passing through the bridge which has become increasingly dangerous.
In fact, Cameron has been offered to act in several movies over the years but has turned them all down for the reason that she wants to focus on raising children first.
He also reminded that when it comes to finding jobs, it has become difficult these days unless the students reach the top ranks.
Money can buy many things in life.
“We can say that in this age it is more difficult to hear that children will choose this path because of the influence of the world's colors which have caused many to be stingy in the faith, but these kids are truly excellent role models for others and future generations," he said.
The Government of India has issued a notice to the farmers who have gathered in Delhi.
Saleh said former President Ashraf Ghani had fled and stayed in big hotels and expensive street houses. fight the Taliban, but if we want to fight, we must lead ourselves".
The fire brigade has rescued 75 people, of whom 42 are injured, due to the strong flames of the fire from the nine-storey building.
After the restart, Shillong Lajong continued to score again through Parvaj Bhuiya in the 58th minute and Donboklang Lyngdoh in the 75th minute.
He said that as they have all the issues that the Jaidbynriew has agreed to join India, they have to think and talk if this step does not succeed.
The Additional Chief Secretary to the State in charge of Urban Affairs, Prashant Naik, told Rupang that this project is still in the process of being implemented by the government after the arrival of the four buses. new 120 more in the coming months.
Referring to the Detailed Power Project (DPR), Sanjay said, “The preparation of the DPR for Myntdu-Leshka Stage-II is still in its infancy and once we have completed the DPR, we will Please seek funding for this large project.
The truck stop in Upper Shillong was part of the police's vehicle arrangements for the preparations for the South Asian Games in Shillong. in Shillong at 10 pm.
The White House today confirmed that Trump has recovered from the coronavirus 11 days after he tested positive.
There is a saying in the Bible that where there is no vision the people perish.
The Presbyterian Church in Nongsawlia, built in 1846 by Thomas Jones, is one of the oldest churches in the North East.
He said that more than 1,700 houses across the states have been burnt down and damaged since the 3rd of this month.
If you want to talk maybe to Kolkata or other states we are ready for that,” he said.
"At another meeting held at Mendipathar, Mukul Sangma warned the people of Meghalaya to be vigilant against the 'secret intentions' of the BJP. In many states to introduce the Sixth Schedule in Meghalaya, Article 371 in Nagaland and Article 370 in Jammu & Kashmir.
Accusing the BJP of inappropriate actions, it on Friday called for a joint contest in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Expressing his hope that the NPP has the opportunity to rule alone, Dr. Kharlukhi said that it is up to the people what decision they will take on polling day.
The Khasi culture or the Khasi culture can be understood from the perspective of other ethnic groups.
Referring to Jaintia Hills, Dr. Kharlukhi said that the contest for the MDC elections will be between the NPP and UDP and there will be no influence from these new parties like the Voice of the People Party ( VPP) and TMC, he said that even the Congress, which has lost well, will still have the votes.
“Here the poor compete only with the rich, the rich only with the rich, where can that be equal to such a democracy,” said the youth. Government offices, if you don't recognize anyone, you don't have a speaker.
In this regard, the Chief Minister promised to the PDF to cooperate in the implementation of all the rules and regulations enshrined in the soskular and said, “We have the same opinion and let me promise you that We will work together to ensure that all these issues mentioned in the soskular are achieved.
In fact, since the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) has re-established the Nongmynsaw Hima and appointed Bah Phlowing Syoem Nongbah as the Acting Syiem of the Nongmynsaw Hima, it has been his turn. Executive Committee to take responsibility to celebrate the 12th Anniversary of these men who lost their lives in the Assam Police who have been in power in the area since 1979 until today.
Shillong, November 9: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Central Body today met with the Executive Member (EM) of KHADC, Bah Donkupar Sumer, who is in charge of the Labor Department. The right to register foreigners in the state should be abolished.
Promises can be fulfilled only to those who are willing to be obedient and encourage those who claim their true rights, according to the promises.
“I don't agree, Kongthei, to wait like this without agreement.
MeECL has planned to build the Myntdu Leshka Stage II Project to generate about 210 MW of electricity near Bataw village, East Jaintia Hills.
In a statement sent by the President, Kong G.Nongnong, she said that the meeting will discuss the letter from the All Jaintia Mid-Day Workers Union (AJMWU) to clarify the work done. schools which have not yet sent their bank accounts to the District School Education Officer and to discuss the preparations for the office bearers who will leave for Delhi.
In the Khasi Hills, the worst thing is the widespread deforestation which has destroyed many valuable trees which the future generations will never see again.
(6) You will be satisfied and nothing will bother you.
Explaining on the statement by the Mylliem independent candidate Bah PM Syiem that Bah Hamlet will be defeated by his son (Conrad Sangma) as he was defeated by his father (Purno A Sangma), he said that Hamlet will be defeated by his son (Purno A Sangma). The NPP said that these are just talk.
He said that the illegal trade in coal will be challenged in the High Court if any Government comes.
Village clubs have also contributed a lot to the development of football in the State, but now many of them have been neglected by the Government.
Nineteen Sisters on board the bus were seriously injured in the incident.
The lyrics of this song were composed by Kyntiewlin Mawphniang.
The family members of the girl, on learning of the incident, immediately informed the police and at the same time they went to investigate the incident. The child was taken to hospital, where the hospital authorities confirmed that the child was raped by the man.
“Some youths from Phlangdiloin and Phlangmawprah villages have alleged that we are agents of UCIL and have been forced by the MLAs and MDCs of Ranikor Constituency,” said a statement from the union.
At the same time, he urged all the farmers as well as the SHGs who have received assistance from the FOCUS scheme to implement it properly so that the state can improve in meat production.
On the other hand, Kong DP Nongbri from the Women Police Nongstoiñ said, “Such incidents should not be said that I blame the teachers, the community or anyone else.
Lalthlangliana alleged that the Assam police covered the face of the JCB driver with a gun and dragged him to the other side of the river. threatened to kill him too.
He said that to ensure that there will be no misunderstanding between the parties, the Prime Minister has directed the presidents of these parties to inform him how to proceed with the appointment of ministers within the party. government.
Shibun Lyngdoh said it was Ram Lal who chose to lay flowers at the statue of Tirot Singh during the Quit India Movement.
Refine : to refine, to refine, to refine; pliah is a clean and clean way of working.
The program was attended by the students of Nongshken Pyllun Village who live in Shillong, said a statement from the Police Secretary of the Seng Bah Kynpham D Samiam.
According to Bah Banteidor, the government, which has just taken over, has not hesitated to resolve this issue and will try its best to resolve it within three months. to suspend the construction of the SSA School Building at Khliehumwang Village, Ri Bhoi District.
The victim was identified as Daina CH Marak, 24, of Babupara, Tura, West Garo Hills, Shillong Polytechnic Mawlai. fourth Semester Civil engineering.
Bah Torian, who was born on the 13th of 1978, entered the field of journalism in 2000. His body will be buried tomorrow morning in Domshken.
The two UALA cadres, Rex Miller and Grikseng, were arrested and detained for five days. They were sent to Tura Hospital on the 20th of this month.
Maremdor Sutnga was able to showcase his skills in tied and throwing the ball to win the Player of the Match award.
“It is regrettable that all the schemes implemented by the Central Government have not reached Meghalaya,” said Shah.
So far, 4,286 people have recovered from the disease.
This decision was taken at a meeting held on Saturday at 30 Diengngan 14 mer village of Zone II which falls from Nongjri to Pam Laban.
All students who have applied and will receive the award are encouraged to attend the closing ceremony on that day.
It is learned that a few days after he went for testing for COVID-19, one of the arrested persons tested positive for COVID-1 Police have arrested these people and ordered them to be quarantined or temporarily quarantined.
Shillong, July 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle has expressed its concern over the spread of drugs in the Nongthymmai Pyllun and neighboring villages including Nongrah.
The Lyngskor of the Kur Sohtun is the cleaner of the leaves on the altar before the sacrifice and the cleaner of the nine lyngkhot trees to commemorate the nine members.
He finally won this battle.
Members of the CoRP have raided these two workplaces after receiving complaints that some foreigners have come to work and arrested 30 foreigners without permits. sla ha this bag tree.
In the construction of the Dome of the Assembly, at the High Level and even in the construction of the team at Polo, the High Level has been involved.
At the same time, he said that when you become an MLA, you have to have a responsibility as a father to your family.
However, when the FASTOM leaders convened the meeting after the discussion, the teachers decided to continue their sit-in near the Addl.Secretariat until they receive a written notice or approval from the FASTOM. Group of Ministers.
According to the Webstar dictionary, Politics is “the science and art of governing; the management of public affairs" is also the management of political parties"
Therefore, looking at the problems between Umsarang and Pynthor Sohma, as it has become public, it is necessary for the authorities in charge of peace and order in the villages, to take action to According to the speeches of the people, it is understood that this is not a minor incident, but it is a matter that needs to be addressed.
Ampareen said that as MLAs, the village leaders have now been made aware to be ready for the worst part of the disease. ei ei to disclose the names of those infected with COVID-1
It was also decided that the 2nd of March will be the day of the flag.
Jowai, Lber 13: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District today said that the CM will continue to provide ration free of charge to the beneficiaries of the Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) and Priority Household (PHH). for 5 (five) years commencing on 1st January,
Speaking on the development of Tura for many years, Conrad said, “In these five years alone, we have been able to transform and control the development of Tura. water supply, streetlights, village roads and playgrounds for youth".
The Environment Committee has called for an emergency meeting with the management of the JNV and has given them until 28th July to improve the school. run school.
Genkholien Vaiphei, father of Isaac, said his son started school at the age of two and a half years and completed class A and B in just one year and at the age of , was a Class One student.
Cleanliness should be maintained in all parts of the place of worship with special attention to the toilets, places where hand sanitizers/foot sanitizers are kept.25) The organizers of places of worship should ensure that cleaning and disinfection should be done regularly.26) As far as possible, the grounds of places of worship should be cleaned frequently. 28) Where possible, churches and places of worship may live stream services, prayers and other religious activities to assist or share equally with the elderly, children and people with illnesses.29) As far as possible, people should go to places of worship near their homes.
He also recalled the United Forum on Climate Change Conference in 1994 with the participation of 198 countries. .
“Whoever has pointed fingers at me that as the Prime Minister I have not taken action, it is sad and these people who accuse me are those who have nothing to do in the country. “They have forgotten what is necessary,” said the Prime Minister.
Even the office of the SDO which was allocated for Patharkhmah has not been implemented yet.
He said that the Maharam Govt.
“The continued spread of hatred and personal injury to me has begun to appear threateningly.
The ceremony was held at the Mini Hall of the Khasi National Dorbar Hall in the presence of members of MEPA, Shillong Press Club and other writers.
I don’t know if my name was included.
Do not allow measles, mumps and other diseases to spread from one person to another.
The need for tuition: This may also be the reason why parents think twice about whether to send their children to continue their education during these times.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Erwin K.Sutnga, Adviser of the Group, said that the reason for the move is because Garo Hills has had a Chief Minister for 100 years and according to the reservation. Policy, it was the turn of the Khasi to become the Chief Minister of the state.
On 19th November 2019, the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya passed a unanimous resolution urging the Government of India not to implement the Inner-Line Permit (ILP).
He said the Government has given priority to upgrade the parking lots and roads to be used according to the demand.
From these two Testaments, the Old and the New Testaments, there is a line by line law that speaks of the truths in the relationship between man and God.
Four men were righteous at the same time! And with this victory, other politicians have learned to raise their wives, children, brothers, sisters and contest elections – some have won, and some have lost.
Copies of the complaint have also been sent to the Chief Secretary, Principal Chief Conservator of Forest and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills.
“Due to the government's request for more time, we will hear the case next month,” said the order.
When asked, Bah Laloo said, “The MLAs in Jaintia Hills don't have unity and don't think of the people but think only of themselves.
Besides, there are many leaders who don't know anything about these facts which make Assam not cross the border as it pleases”.
I hope that this news will surprise us Khasi.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has promised that NORTH EAST PEOPLE WILL BE PROTECTED. I know all these secret tricks, therefore, if we sing from the front – KATBA DANG TIP LA U TRAI NONGTHAW , MY COUNTRY WILL NOT BE SLAVE – while later listening to Satan to bring a sword, petrol, and blood.
Morocco's Youssef En Nysiri scored in the 42nd minute and Walid Cheddira was sent off in the 93rd minute.
According to the RTI, 2018-2021, the amount of T.63,88,234, T.63,88,2
The DC has directed all the villages to educate the residents to cooperate with the government and health workers for the benefit of the people.
Hundreds of people from all over the state attended the celebration and the groups that performed on the day were Routh 44, Lynx, Dewdrop, Sam Shullai and his friends. Bob Marley's songs.
Regarding the incident in Rngaiñ, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Ri War Mihngi said that there was no incident but it did not take any action.
Hato um corruption that you demand money.
To demonstrate this drill, experts in this field have been entrusted to demonstrate it in several places in the Nongstoin area and at hospitals.
“So I expect the players to play well in the Meghalaya Invitation so that they can get the opportunity to take part in Arunachal.
The Forest Department in collaboration with the East Khasi Hills District Police on Tuesday morning raided the shops along the road from Umdiengpun to Pomlum.
M.R.B.A, Mr. Kordor Pyrbot, Mr. Joshua Sohtun, Mr. Cyprian Dkhar, and Mr. Seiborlang Jaktung.
Similarly, the Pynursla Area has not been able to prove that they are indeed 'wise and intelligent war people'
Rngaiñ is a place famous for the frequency of earthquakes in this area, but it was on the 14th of June that a dark cloud covered the residents of Pynursla area, after the earthquake. In Rngaiñ, two Rangbah Shnong of Wahlyngkhat and the other Rangbah Shnong of Wahkhen have been killed.
As the theme of this year's Chad Sukra, “Obedience to the Law of God, the Way of Peace in the World”.
North Korea has accused the two countries of preparing to attack North Korea in the coming days.
In the women's category, Balasiewdor Pathaw won first place, Mebarisha Lyngdoh won second place and Ibashongkun Kurbah won third place.
Those who wish to participate can register at the office of DSO, Nongpoh, during office hours.
“People who arrive at the hotel at 10 or 11 pm will not be able to eat.
Frankie Nongrum said that chess is a sport that even poor schools can support because the equipment of this sport is cheap compared to other sports. kind of game.
However, after the announcement of the containment time on 1st May 2021, the government and the police Dept.
These are a few facts, but we don't know how many others have passed through the gate from Byrnihat, Ratacherra and then from the border with Bangladesh, such as Balat, Dawki and others. NEIGHRIMS. When we saw this violation of the curfew, by allowing foreigners to enter and leave at will, we should look closely at the The reason for the spread of Covid 19 in the Western countries is because the public administration is too strong in these countries and the people do not comply with the government's curfew rules, but go It is because of this cleanliness or lightning, which has caused the deaths of tens of thousands of people in these powerful countries.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26: Employees of SSA schools known as Block Resource Persons, Cluster Resource Coordinators and Urban Resource Coordinators under the umbrella of the Association of Resource Persons (SSA) Meghalaya, on the 23rd of this month, visited the schools. Deborah Ch Marak, Minister of Education, Meghalaya.
On the 3rd, four persons shot dead a man, who was lymbuit in a house, which is believed to be the house of the late former MLA of the area, Bah PK Raisin.
The Deputy Chairman of the Council, Ma Ailad Bhoi, announced that he has received the resignation letter of the Chairman on Monday morning.
Mizoram has accused Assam of blocking the entry of goods into the state and destroying the railway line connecting it to Bairabi.
Shillong, November 14: Residents of Kharkutta village in Lum Garo district have thrown stones at a bank for failing to pay money to the residents who have been standing in line since morning for many hours.
When asked what he thinks about the working methods of the incumbent CEM, Bah Syiem said he has no issue for the people, and there has been no victory of the EC of the ethnic parties so far. .
He said that the KHADC has continued to implement these gates despite the fact that there are still two cases pending in the state court regarding the collection of revenue.
However, Israel has retaliated against Hamas, saying that it was all because of the actions of Hamas militants themselves because it was Hamas militants who kidnapped the Israelis to Gaza and that Israel has taken responsibility for the kidnapping. Hamas should take responsibility for everything that happened during the war with Israel.
She said that the violence against boys often causes physical changes and she said that there have been young children who have suffered from this violence and this has caused them to listen more than the boys. women.
?" asked the mother again. Then Rida couldn't answer anything because they both went together to kill her.
“Therefore, if there is anything wrong, the officers in charge of the project, I feel they should be punished.
Now that they have decided to leave the films of the company, perhaps they will be able to take action to act in other parts of the films that have been offered.
To achieve these targets, the Cabinet has approved three schemes of the department to be implemented in the mission mode namely Mission Poshan 2.0, Mission Shakti and Mission Vatsalya.
Jodhpur: Asaram, or a religious man, believes that his marriage is not a sin, because he does not consider himself a 'Brahmgyani' or a man, clean or educated. and very powerful, says one of the witnesses, who went to tell of Asaram's wicked deeds.
He also wanted to bring about a clean governance and eliminate corruption by wishing that all the people and residents in all the districts of the State should be aware of all the MP schemes that the people have. He said that there are people who say that the UDP, HSPDP in the MDA coalition government and the NPP, BJP have understood and been misled regarding the freedom of worship. Since when did the UDP and HSPDP party ban ban on worship or religious activities?  The UDP and the HSPDP are parties that protect the ownership of land, the Constitution, and the right to freedom of religion.
Even the Word of God says, "My people have chosen kings without my consent, and have appointed leaders without my consent.
Furthermore, they urged the government to take action on this issue of the Jaitbynriew and to improve the recruitment and roster system.
In a letter to the Shillong Times on 24-09-2012, Nesfield B.Sangma wrote: “Land is precious. Thor Garo Hills affected by the floods, to safer places.
Pator didn't want Kni Nikhla to suit up.
He said that he hopes that the UDP will come to power in the upcoming elections. rule the state"
If we talk about this issue, we see that government officials, from the prime minister, the second prime minister, his government ministers, officers and those who are smart to work, talk only about the coronavirus, while those those who are not wise or those who are foolish, they have disappeared, and we don't see their syrngiew syrnget.
Until the day of her death , she did not fall into the silver coins of UCIL and stood firm on the foundation on which she stood , saying , " Wealth Cannot Buy My Freedom ".
There were 45 stalls on this day, including training stalls on education and stalls displaying agricultural products through NGOs from all over Khasi and Jaintia Hills. The Skill Mela will end tomorrow.
UP has 403 members in the state assembly.
There have been 92,071 new cases of covid-19 in India in the past 24 hours.
“Don't accept the explanations of RIEWSTAD but don't accept the explanations of RIEW SAID STAD” Thank you.
"There is only one pilot in the Pakistani army," Major General Asif Ghafoor said.
On this occasion, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa was also present.
The mock exercise will be held in 1897 with the participation of District Administration, Army, Police, NDRF, SDRF, Fire and Emergency Services, Hospitals, Schools. , college, civil society groups, village leaders, members of Bharat Scouts and Guides, Indian Red Cross Society, NSS, Aapda Mitra Volunteers and others.
“The CEC today approved the State Election Committee for the MP (Shillong seat) and also for the MDC elections. party together with some senior party leaders from Garo Hills to discuss,” said UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh while talking to media at the party office.
The wheat takes about four months to grow.
The first list of the NPP also included party leaders such as Brightstar Chyrmang, former Vice President of the Jaintia Youth Federation.
In this innings, Maring FC have been able to control the ball and have conceded only 2 runs in each over.
Marak said that the water shortage in the state has increased but the government has tried to solve this problem.
On the polling day, from the first round, the UDP candidate took the lead until the last round and until he was announced as the new leader of Sohiong.
The ED authorities also recovered 3 kilograms of gold worth Rs 2 crore, the report said.
The Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare expressed his gratitude to the pharmaceutical companies and said that so far there has been no shortage of medicines or medical supplies.
These projects include the construction of a cable car from Pongtung to Pynter in Pynursla area, the expansion of Lakadong sying cultivation in Jaintia Hills, the construction of Resource Centers for the development of to political parties among others," Muivah said.
At the same time, he extended his special thanks to the parents who have paid for the expenses of their children, without their willingness, these medals would not have been achieved.
New York: The International Court of Justice (ICJ) today ordered Russia to halt its invasion of Ukraine, which began on 24 June
These Christian places played an important role in the country and the whole of India depended on them.
The group met with ADC, Ambrose Ch.
Regarding the boundary settlement with the villages and land in Langpih sector, u Bah Wondar Lyngkhoi Sordar of Umyiap village today held a public meeting from Elders, women, youth and children, to explain that if the Meghalaya government forcibly invades Assam, the people of this village and all the Khasi villages in the Langpih sector, will not allow it. they will not hesitate to hold strong protests.
The Tournament Committee will not be able to attend the tournament.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in Maharashtra has risen by 15, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
He urged the residents who witnessed the event to turn to their work by taking advantage of the influx of tourists to the village.
There have also been many different opinions not only from the people and the Seng Bhalang but especially among the MLAs on the ruling side as well as those on the side. opposition.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has expressed its deep anger over the statements and threats of various individuals and organizations belonging to the Bengali community to incite and try to turn the issue of ethnicity into an issue of religious persecution.
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe Government of Meghalaya, on the request of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has set a target this year to plant 10.5 million trees to restore the environment. even the wells are no longer able to get water.
When tested, 370 grams of powder seized was found to be heroin.
The opening match of the tournament was between Myriem Sports Club and Rangblang Pambriew which was very exciting in the presence of the people of the area. dance and songs by the youth of Rangblang.
In Khliehriat, the DSO office will hold the event at Dkhiah West Sports Club Hall, Khliehriat.
In 1989, the Indigenous and Tribal Peoples' Convention was held in 1989, but India did not approve the decisions of the convention.
Nongpoh: Once again, a robber has escaped from the hands of police in Ri Bhoi District after a robber named Amit Rabha, 28, from Beltola Assam, was arrested yesterday. He escaped from the hands of the police while being taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for medical treatment.
The AAP registration process is amazing and it is also the first time in the country where people can become members only online or by sending their name and address through the internet. song place valid.
Satya Pal Jain, Additional Solicitor General, and Sushil Kumar Modi, Deputy Chief Minister of Bihar, suggested that the new scheme should be implemented this year. That the elections are coming up, while social distancing is essential for travel and daily activities.
“If this happens, it is time for the youth to come forward and as a community the region will have to protect the foreigners who are around the peaceful and happy places. They see the failure of the authorities of the Meghalaya Government”, said Bah Pauldeep and said that the party will not stand idly by but will stand firm to prevent foreigners from entering and doing business. head in these places of ours.
The death toll has risen to eight, seven in East Khasi Hills and one in Ribhoi.
The Indoor Stadium Nonghyllam has been constructed under the Additional Scheme SCA (BADP) 2019-2020 at a cost of T.60 lakh.
The theme of the event was the role of cooperatives in making India a five trillion dollar economy and achieving the Sustainable Development Goals.
What is the $10 million economy that Conrad Sangma has allocated for the 2023-24 Budget Session?
These Bangladeshis, were at 3 pm, when they committed the crime, in the presence of the BSF, but they did not do anything to stop the infiltration of the Bangladeshis. .
At the same time, the government has decided to convert Tura Medical College into PPP or Public Private Partnership mode.
The names of the state champions are Phiban Wallamkupar Soh-tun (46-49kg), Shanborlang Marbaniang (52kg), Pynskhemlang L.Nonglait (57kg), Laitpharlin Hoojon (60kg), Subam Gurung (63kg), Arthur Cornelli N.Khongmawi. (69kg) and Pinku Kalita (75kg).
On the morning of the 22nd of November, 'Ñi Lam' shocked not only me but all the journalists in the state because it was still midnight on the 21st (it was the 22nd because it had arrived). At 1:10 pm, there was a conversation on the Whatsapp Group of Shillong Press Club but suddenly at 6:10 pm, the group was informed that he was not there. more.
The Minister said that this is the first crematorium in Ri Khasiland and there are others in Lawsohtun, Marbisu, Mawlam, Wahkhen and Mawkyrwat among others.
“Before, they received the Bible in 2006,” said Bah Pohsnem, on the revival of the Bible in these days, in the village, which falls under the Pnar Thor Sepngi Presbytery, under the jurisdiction of the KJP. Eastern Synod.
Other departments who took part in the meeting included Mrs HK Marak, Commissioner & Secretary, SPB, Bah P Lyngwa, Chief Engineer, Water Resources Department, Bah MM Sun, Secretary, PWD (R&B). , Addl Chief Engineers and others including officers of the State Planning Board.
Therefore, the public is like a parrot, and we hope that the decision of the committee on the reservation policy will be complete. ,He is loved by all people.
“Gupta's remarks came after Mehbooba demanded a thorough investigation into the case against the Jammu and Kashmir Liberation Front (JLF) leader. JKLF) after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) went to court to raise its demand that the death penalty should be imposed on the leader of the rebel group. He is currently lodged in Tihar Jail.
As part of the celebration of the North East Festival 2022 which is part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang Block The SHG Mela cum Financial Literacy Camp was held at Madan Mot Tirot, Mairang Mission, Mairang today.
Farmers pay their wages every month or every month.
Shillong, July 20: The Assembly Committee for Women Empowerment (ASCWE) has found that there is no cooperation between the MSCW and the MSCPCR. Police in connection with violence against women and children, especially in connection with the murder of two brothers in Nongrah.
“I have tried to talk to them and stop them, but they have listened and they have continued to threaten me by force,” said the woman. Since 2012, they have received a land title from the JHADC office with the approval of the Dolloi of Raliang Elaka.
This is also the second time that Symper Panthers have won.
Deisakiru Nanghuloo scored the first goal for Panaliar in the 18th minute.
On the incident ha Umsning, Ri-Bhoi on Tuesday night, Bah Metbah said, “I don't know how this started and it wouldn't be appropriate for me to say anything.
Maharashtra today reported a sharp rise in the number of cases of covid-19, after the state dropped its 75th consecutive day of cases.
The three NRFM members who were arrested on that day were handed over to the Porompat PS for further investigation.
Hek said there is no restriction on any political party to expose the misuse of funds that should be used for development projects, but their allegations should be. It is true that no one should be followed and on the allegation of corruption in JHADC and GHADC it means that he has received sufficient evidence.
Kyndiah has served as Minister of State and Central Government, Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, and has written books such as Jawaharlal Nehru: the Thinking Dynamo, Meghalaya: Yesterday and Today, Journey of Words”, “Rev.JJM Nichols Roy: Architect of District Council Autonomy” and “Mizo Freedom Fighters”.
At the meeting, Bah BS Syiem urged the people to form a group to lead the people so that they can have a better future.
All these things are a waste of precious time.
The deadline for submission of entry fee is 29-3-2022 before 6 pm.
Stone Crematoria :- As mentioned above, the amazing stone crematoria such as Maw-synrang is also the Maw Sohtliet (or) Mawlymbit which is the original Sohnam which still exists today.
When the residents of this area need to go to the city they have to ride free wheel trucks, because small vehicles cannot pass through these roads due to the bad condition of the road. road and many spirits have been stuck in this hand for many hours.
This is part of the belief that Suitnia Long Raid, who is the son of the Raid Mylliem, will take care of the Raid. cooked well with pork.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong of Huroi, Bah Golden Marbaniang, the Secretary of the Village, Bah Raja L Suchen, the leaders of the area like Bah Daya Lamare, Bah Daya Lamare, Leaders of the Sport Club, elders, youth of Huroi and others.
After resigning from the post, he said, “I have decided that I will never go beyond the feeling in my heart”.
After discovering his intention, the mother tried to stop him but she sustained serious injuries to her neck as he shot her.
The Riwar Mihngi Social Welfare and Sports Association (RMS W&SA) is one of the oldest sports associations in the region and continues to organize various sports events through its leaders. This was announced by the Sports Secretary of the Association, Bah C.Khonglah.
Four days after the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, demanded that the state government revise the reservation policy, Paul Lyngdoh, Leader of the United Democratic Party (VPP) The UDP and the MDA Minister have asked Bah Ardent why he did not introduce the Reservation Policy when Dr Mukul Sangma was the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. state.
Thus the family was taken from the mother.
The visit was also part of the participation of the teachers and members of SMS in the sports competitions of the children of the school and four other LP Schools in the village.
At that time, World War II broke out in Europe from 1939 to
“We have written a letter to the Minister of State to meet since last year but we have not received any reply yet,” said the Chairman of JACATAM. read the state.
During these three days of the tournament, they have seen and seen new talents which has led them to win the title of best player.
On the other hand, Justice BP Katakey (Retired) submitted a 16-page report to the High Court.
One mother, (who passed away recently), a tall woman who was very smart to go to church on Sunday morning, said firmly that it was more beneficial for her daughters to They can marry a Dkhar even if he is from Bangladesh but he must be rich.
Demonstrate: means to demonstrate, to demonstrate is to do any work, to demonstrate is to demonstrate in front of the public; You are not able to see everything.
The son of Wet, Dong Sniriang, was born in Jwai.
“We are very surprised that although this village has been included in Khanasamari, the Director of Distribution of MeECL has said that this village has not been included in the DDUG scheme,” said Samla. Marconi.
" said Mr. Pawnam.
Two other batsmen fell for the spin of Kishlay Vishlux who scored 2/15 in 4.5 overs.
“It was also decided that if the same officer has to visit twice, he should first submit a progress report of the first visit and by his ability to submit a satisfactory report showing “It has been decided that the Government can only pay for one visit and the second visit will have to be paid for,” said Bah Paul. the Government of India or any other Agency in the country.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma while talking to reporters on Tuesday.
The keys of the vehicle were dropped while parking near HK Sing Memorial Secondary School, Jowai on 31st March
The Center welcomes children from poor families.
Therefore, in order to provide convenience to the passengers along the NH-6, the union has also demanded that the DC, Ri Bhoi, should take action on the weigh bridge, and should build a weigh bridge. If the government does not take action to build its own road in this area, the union will lodge a complaint with the state court, said the youth. Ferdinand Kharkamni.
In the past, I didn't get NOC from Shillong Cantonment Board if I wanted to do development work, but now that I am a BJP MLA from the Central Government, I have sent NOC. I have been friends up to the rank of officer,” said Bah Shullai.
He said that the union has warned to expel within 10 days if they cannot provide the documents and strongly warns the contractors or the rich not to bring in foreigners. to carry out the works that the villagers are still unable to do.
Police have recovered four mobile phones and a Maruti Swift Dzire used by the three robbers.
We as the residents of Mawshun village express our deep anger and sorrow over the statement of the Secretary of KSU Border Area Unit, Samla Riskhem Khonglah, on the unfounded allegation by him against the village officials without knowing the village officials. beginning and end and the beginning of all events.
He met with DG Assam Rifles Lt General PC Nair at the Assam Rifles Headquarters, Laitkor.
Therefore, the use of umsohjew is the best way to get a bright hair and face and a bright and clean skin.
In a report sent to the IOC recently, the IBA accused the Olympic governing body of publishing false information and also the federation's behaviour.
At the time of writing of this news, it was learned that at 8:00 pm, the riots on the border of Khanduli and Karbi Anglong villages were still going on and the incident was resolved by the village authorities. Candle.
They demanded an independent inquiry and the implementation of Para 16 (2) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution in the Council.
He has been under police custody for five days.
It is alleged that the village has also been deprived of development works through the government scheme, due to the complaint of the woman and her group.
The group has also decided to hold awareness and explanation meetings on this issue in the coming days in all districts and blocks in Garo Hills.
Such plants are called parasites.
“The KSU said that they have already lodged a complaint against the PHE, but the PHE has not taken action to provide water to the people.
He added that in 2022-23, 2531 Home Guard Volunteers and 330 Civil Defense Volunteers have received training.
“We request all those who have joined this group to return to their usual lives,” said the members of the peace and order committee in Resulbelpara.
On Saturday, Custom Police seized 850 kg of heroin from a truck worth T.42.50 lakh on the Shillong Bypass on Thursday.
The meeting also decided to introduce the Chief Minister's Police Medal and the Chief Minister's Disaster Response Recognition Medal for the best performing policemen.
The residents of Wapungskur village said that Dwis Phawa had shot dead his wife and on Friday, the VDP members of the village were searching for him but he was not arrested. They have not been able to arrest him for involvement in the bombing of his wife.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah N Syiem, SP City (Traffic), Bah Peter A Dohkrut, President, Shillong Law College Students' Association, Bah Disparsing Rani, Head of Taxi Drivers in East Khasi Hills; The President of the Association, Bah John Thabah, Bah W.Jyrwa, Secretary, commercial taxi drivers from all over the city and also from the rural areas.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The first semi final of the Under-16 Football League 2023-24 will be played between Mawreng SC and Shillong today. Scout Soccer.
But in Jesus it is not just feeling, the “feeling” whether it is compassion or sympathy is just like this, a person when they see the suffering of others can feel sympathy or compassion, but they just look with compassion and they did not reach out their hands to help.
Shillong, Nailar 13: Two foreigners have killed a young woman just to take a gold chain from her neck.
The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has banned the mining of coal since June
Earlier, UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, said that before accepting the former MLA, they have also sought information on the reason for the death of the former MLA. to face defeat in the 2018 elections.
Shillong: There have been 71 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, with 12 recoveries.
Musniang SC and Rangad SC have won the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA).
JOWAI: Ma Finelynes Bareh has been elected as the new Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC).
Shillong: The President of the All India Congress Committee (ANC) Rahul Gandhi has strongly condemned the shooting of Agnes Kharshiing by coal miners and truck drivers.
“They have promised us that when the six-month contract expires in April, the MTDC has decided to advertise for the post of Chief General Manager,” said Bah Synrem.
At the time of writing, the body of Bah Majaw is still at Khliehriat Hospital, where doctors are conducting an examination.
Ed batch 2013 and to extend the training period of D.El.
The article is completed here.
On this occasion, the members of the Shillong Chamber Choir as a sign of paying tribute to their late founder, sang songs composed by Bah Neil which touched the soul. of the people who came to mourn on that day.
Educational Qualification:- 3(Three) years Diploma Course in Civil Engineering from a Government recognized Institution.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagatha Roy, today announced that a special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHAC) will be held on the 24th of this month. strength test.
In the petition, AHAM President George Prince Ch.
Other brothers are empty, this is a discrimination against their children.
Even in 1971, the population of Khasi-Jaintia was about 45% and Garo about 32%, but even so, the census was implemented. Only God knows the inability of those before us to accept this inadequate State Reservation Policy, besides the lack of Prime Minister and The acquisition of the state without a proper border on the border with Assam which still affects the state.
From there, these robbers disappeared without a trace.
Heads of Police, Ri Bhoi Police Station, VDS Rymbai, DSP Headquarters, DSP Traffic, PS Marwei, CI Nongpoh Police Station and others. police officer in Ri Bhoi.
If this is not done, the power of the people will be lost and will be lost and will become an injury.
The meeting between General Manoj Pande and the Chief Minister lasted for about an hour.
When asked about the impact on the working methods of the officers as they have to go to school, Bah Paul said that this will be of benefit to the officers as they have not studied for many years and through this opportunity, they will get learn more and be able to work and serve better.
The award is known as the Mawkynrew Academic Excellence Award
The vegetables used in the preparation of food include wang, wild vegetables such as jackfruit, pading, pashor, sohpanui, chiahkui, hukea slai, sohjew, sohsaw, tungrymbai, tungtap, ktung. , the eggplant, and the fig tree.
Up to 21 trainees have benefited from the embroidery training which was held at the Community Facility Center, Mukhap, Laskein Block.
“The head of the Central Pollution Control Board has informed that the fund of up to T.100 crore, along with the intention to spend the fund, which is with the recent Board, will be used for the benefit of as ordered by the Supreme Court, due to the lack of proposal received from the state government for the use of the money for the rehabilitation of the environment,” said Katakey.
The PWD (Roads) Department has issued a Work Order on 17th July, 2017 to M/S CCL International Ltd to complete the work within 24 days. month.
Revival means (a) conversion (b) renewal (c) redemption.
Amebalaker also represented South West Khasi Hills District in the 4th Meghalaya Games 2022 and won silver and bronze medals.
Shillong: The incumbent MLA of 24 Mawphlang constituency, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh, son of former MLA, Bah SK Sun, has decided to resign completely from contesting the elections to the Mawphlang Constituency. The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya, which will be held in
In another report, it was reported that some Congress MLAs, who are no longer satisfied with the leadership of Mukul Sangma, have tried to create a way to overthrow him.
Mawkyrwat 793114South West Khasi Hills Yes, it is true and it has removed the contract teachers who have taught for 9-10 years.
In total, the union said that there are 2968 thousand vacancies in the police posts for the youth of the state.
Speeches were delivered by CEM of JHADC Thombor Shiwat and other NPP leaders from the constituency.
The incident happened today, 4th November 2023, while police were chasing after members of HITO, who fled after being shot dead. Grenade in the police.
Therefore, it is necessary to ensure that among these are those that are free from sugar and high in fibre, as well as those that are low in fat.
However, in fact it is because of the lack of time, so I urged not to talk about unnecessary things and to talk exactly about the right thing.
Lambokstarwell Marngar said that there are six complaints against the members of the party and time will tell on the party's struggle for the rights of the people. in the state of Meghalaya.
The ceremony was conducted by the Waheh Shnong Bah Hambertus Nongtdu who is the mother of Halen who encouraged him to play football.
He said the preparation of the demands to be put before the government was after carefully reading the 52 laws it had issued earlier.
There was also a visit by the party leaders and supporters to the President Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit to listen to the party ticket should be according to the voice of many churches in order to bring about. you have won.
Fiji covers an area of ​​18,343 square kilometers.
Shillong, Jymmang 28 : Umphyrnai SC has won the title of the Under-10 Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
The Working President also spoke on the Sports Policy as well as the National Education Policy for the development of sports and athletes in the state.
Nongstoiñ: Marbisu SC has won the 2nd Knock Out Football Tournament 2018-19 organized by the New Nongstoiñ Sports Social and Cultural Club (NNSSCC).
Shillong, July 26: The National Food Security Scheme (NFSS) has been implemented in the state, but it has been introduced with the new developments are also underway.
The present government has not had the means to open up opportunities for the youth to get jobs, but they have been deprived of their rights and hopes. Sima, which will shape the future of many churches, has sought ways and means to provide a fair trial for the benefit of the youth of Meghalaya.
It is true that if we take the days of our youth to look at the sky and read about it, old age will always be a source of hope and we don't know exactly where they will go at the end of life. their.
When he asked whether they had any documents, they showed only Adhaar cards and sent them away.
“For my part, I don't care because all political parties once the party is no longer in power, others will try to join other parties in power. and therefore, I am not surprised, and I am not surprised at the appearance of Bah Lapang.
Two teachers were also honored by Bah Auspicious and the prizes were awarded to the winners of the song and dance competition.
The union wants the NGT to investigate thoroughly by appointing experts to monitor the quality of the water, whether it is true or not that the coal water from Meghalaya is polluting the Kupli River. She said that at present there is also a coal mine from the Assam Quarry in Assam which is located near the Kupli River.
Now what is the reason for the continued lack of electricity to us? There must be something behind this and we should find out what it is,” said Phulbari resident Peterjob A Sangma.
He said that it was on 11th November 2002 that the Government of India recognized that the Nagas have never been involved with India or Burma, whether through war or by consent. of the Nagas, the statement said.
Elena Rybakina has qualified for the semifinals of the Italian Open in the women's singles tournament after beating her opponent and still holding the title. World number one Iga Swiatek of Poland has been forced to retire from the competition due to a sudden injury to her right leg.
Shillong, November 15: The Governor of Meghalaya, Brig.
The National Sports Club of Assam was registered on 11 October 1954 with the following objectives; “To create opportunities to improve the health and fitness of the youth of Assam through sports and physical activity...and to promote, encourage and provide facilities for sports activities that bun jait..."According to RB Das, one of the oldest badminton players in the State, the land at Lachumiere has been donated by the P&T Department and a badminton court has been set up there.
“He referred to the sections of the Prevention of Child Sexual Abuse (POCS0), 2012, under section 74 of the Juvenile Justice (Care and Protection of Children) Act, 2015 and under section 228 A (1) of the Indian Penal Code ( IPC),1860.
Banshemphang Pathaw thanked the Seng Samla Shnong Mawphlang for giving him a special honor which will encourage him to continue doing well in the future and also to the elders who have given him the honour. the words of warning are strong for you.
Shillong: Wans Bros Publications in collaboration with U Rupang newspaper today launched a book entitled “Our Country Once and Now”. This book was written by Bah Spiton Kharakor and the publisher of this book is Bah PR Shabong. various Khasi news.
People still don't trust him," she said.
In the first leg, 12 Dalloi beat Marbisu United 3-2 in a tie breaker.
Foreigners are not more willing to do these evil things.
The Enclosure Acts have impoverished and displaced the residents, farmers and smallholder farmers who are unable to take over or buy the lands that have become foreign lands, while they have impoverished the farmers. but to the rich who can buy away the countries.
This is the duty of each and every one of us to raise awareness across the Khasi Hills from urban to rural areas, we must remember that we must not take this stingy.
The era of shorts and shorts is over.
Ah! There was no such thing as a people at that time.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association (AMDA), Bah Kitbok Thabah, said that many youths from the state have taken part in the competition but no one has taken part in the competition. who can make it to this round of the competition.
The team was led by BDS Assistant Commissioner Food Safety and Nathaniel Lyngwi, Food Safety Officer, Sadar PS. illegal sale of drinking water in the shop.
On the same day, when the KSU visited the area, it was seen that the Ri Bhoi Police together with the ADC, immediately visited the area to check whether anyone has appeared. events that affect peace and order.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The National Green Tribunal (NGT), Kolkata today took a hearing on the protection and cleaning of the Myntdu River and the state government has submitted its documents. About 40 minutes before the hearing started, Ma Sajay Laloo's lawyer, Amit Kumar, alleged that the state government has not done anything and has not respected the decision of the NGT. He said that until now there has been no cleaning of the areas around the Myntdu River and this includes the construction of houses, land grabbing, shyiap quarrying, clothes washing and others. On the other hand, Todi, Advocate General of Meghalaya, has shown the preparations of the state government, but Laloo said that there is no truth on the ground.
According to Bah Foller Doloi, the elder of Warmawsaw area, the farmers of Niangryndia, have tried to kill these insects by spraying them with pesticides, but the insects have not. and it was seen that they increased and multiplied.
This practice of this age is like burning and destroying the trees that nature has given us.
They say that man turns into a shrieh.
The fund has also been allocated for the implementation of a 24×7 television channel named Arun Prabha and the budget for this purpose is T.1,8
“The government has not asked for the opinion of the people, has not brought this issue to the attention of the people but has implemented the law without consulting the people. counting the people is the irresponsibility of the leaders.
Speakers included the Principal, Dr.P Nongtdu, the Nodal Officer, RRC of the JEC, F.Dalam Lytan, Dr.B.Decruse, who is the head of the project. Director, MACS, Shillong, Dianghun Shadap, Asst Professor, English Department, Prof. Bestarwell Dkhar, Prof. DS Diengdoh.
Out of the 20 persons, 12 persons came to attend the strike while 8 persons did not attend the strike due to illness and childlessness.
Also present at the cake cutting ceremony was Angela Rangad, President of the Seng, Rev Kyrsoi Pyrtuh, one of the leaders of the Seng. Three vendors in the square of Shillong.
The Minister in charge of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Friday, expressing his regret, said that he does not believe that there are districts in the state which have not yet received a decision on the Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said this while speaking as the chief guest at the launch of the POCSO Act translated into Khasi at Pinewood Hotel. In the presence of the Minister of Law, Ampareen Lyngdoh, EM of KHADC, Macdalyne S Mawlong and other dignitaries from various government departments.
Therefore, the Longkmie of the SSLS Union, have decided unanimously to join hands with the CSWO, in which they will become full members of the CSWO from now on.
Ri Bhoi won the bronze medal in the Women's Team Event on 19th July after beating South Garo Hills District.
However, in the midst of such difficulties, it was necessary not to lose the power of wisdom, understanding until we took other paths to reach bloodshed.
At present, Meghalaya has 95 percent of the households covered by SHGs. He said that the State's EAP funding deman has increased from Rs 12,500 crore to Rs 2,500 crore in just three years,” he said.
After months of watching, Aamir asked Reena, but she didn't work and he tried many times, but she didn't work.
Those who oppose the removal of Bah HDR are powerless and have been deceived by him,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 20: U Rophul S Marak, MLA of Rongara-Siju constituency, has lodged an FIR against seven persons for applying for MLA scheme.
Shillong: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, today said that 14 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills District and 11 cases in East Khasi Hills District. One case in North Garo Hills District and two cases in West Garo Hills District.
He said the NPP wants to contest alone and has no intention of forming an alliance with any party before the 2023 MLA election.
In a statement sent by the President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM), Samla Commingsoon Dkhar, it demanded strict punishment for these people involved in the smuggling of wildlife.
The complainant said AstraZeneca has obtained a license from a Pune-based pharmaceutical company known as the Serum Institute of India (SII) and about 175 crore injections have been done in the country.
It is for this reason that all our roads have been covered with stones and shyiap.
However, if it is done with the KHADC, it will help because the price is lower and people will come to register their land, said Bah Kitboklang.
The contribution of many in literature is a weapon that saves the country, the language and the nation.
“Ko Bah Bondo, I don't agree with your words, we will finish in 2018, the precious time to raise the flag,” said the statement.
According to the complaint, on 10-01-2023, they received information that an article had been circulated on social media mentioning the names of Bah Dossli Thongni and u Bah Johnny Thyrniang as perpetrators and perpetrators of crimes against society and human rights.
“It can be like that when we are separated from those we love,” said the mother.
The state government should take action to prevent such attacks on our fellow citizens from time to time and should not remain silent, said the statement. Meghalaya's first player to score a double century in the Ranji Trophy on Saturday, the second day of the match against Arunachal Pradesh in Anand, Gujarat. .
He too was a King who did not know the great God, the Creator, but he did the same as his Father did.
It has been found that YouTube channels use fake thumbnails containing logos of TV channels and pictures of news anchors to mislead viewers into believing that they are true news.
The Association also demanded that the Education Department should immediately conduct an interview before conducting the new MTET examination and select the candidates who have been selected according to the rules issued by the state government without don't worry about what you're doing.
Through these incidents, the disrespect of Assam towards the Meghalaya government has been clearly seen.
“In the last four months we have also arrested bike thieves, bikes stolen from Tura and Shillong and others from Assam and in these four months we have seized 141 bikes. bikes have been stolen and 61 persons have been arrested and 19 cases have been registered.
