This was stated by Bah Basaïawmoit while addressing the people of Rambrai constituency at a meeting held to explain the principles of the party and the registration of members (to the party) held on Saturday at Mount Calvary Parish, Rambrai.
They don't even say what will happen to those who have been involved in buying land and building prisons in this area without being able to use anything but leaving their houses in ruins.
“We have been told that there is no reagent and no equipment to test for monosodium glutamate, and we cannot know and only water can be tested,” said Kong Kharshiing.
The company has been operating in these parks for about 23 years.
The authority is now in the hands of the Executive Engineer PWD(RDS) South Jowai Division, Jowai to pay the remaining bill.
He emphasized on the good of the mind as the basis of following science and said that these good decisions require the blessings of Shakti and that Shakti is our Nari Shakti.
This was announced by the President of the Seinraij Jowai, Ma OR Shallam, while talking to reporters at the Seinraij office in Loompyrdi, Iongpiah.
The routes will be announced on the same day and the winners will receive a syrnod along with a cash prize (first – T.3000/-, second – T.2000/-, ba third – T.1000/-, fourth to seventh – T 500/- and prizes will be awarded to the youngest and oldest participants who reach the final).
A meeting of 30 Waheh Shnongs in the presence of MDC Mynsngat Khanduli and Raij Namdong Head decided to temporarily close the Khyllaw Market in Namdong and banned the import of goods such as soh from Assam and Ribhoi. district until further notice.
In this regard, the Government of Meghalaya, through the Department of Sports &amp; Youth Affairs, in collaboration with the Ministry of Education, has launched the 'Aspire Meghalaya' program implemented by AVENUES, Shillong.
These militant groups have taken responsibility for many terrorist attacks in the past three years, especially in the Pir Panjal area of ​​Jammy.
Danny Shadap in his speech expressed the full support of FKJGP to the teachers' union and the union is ready to meet with the leaders to convey to them the problems of the teachers.
Shillong, Lber 31: Meghalaya beat Manipur by seven wickets in Group A of the 1st North East Inter State Friendship Tournament in Manipur. The match will be played on Thursday in Nagaland.
“Is this an example that India has shown to the world?”.
The Rotary Club Jowai has donated masks and sanitizers to the officers and employees of the FCI at the Food Storage Depot (FSD) in Jowai on Friday.
The raid took place at his residence in Lumshyiap Chanmari, Upper Golflink, his quarter in Golflink and his farm house in Rtiang, Umsniang, Ri Bhoi.
“The people of the North East and also the North Eastern states of India do not know Hindi and the BJP insists that all the citizens of India should know Hindi. Hindi.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister said that between 2019-2023, 14,699.04 hectares of reserved forests have been damaged by fires and up to 95% are fires. The fire was not burned by the robbers.
Shillong, July 31: The Principal Secretary to the Government of the State, Department of Labor, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday announced that in continuation of the notice No. LBG 75/2012/246 dated 6.6.2016; The Governor of the State will have to revise the salary in various ways from 1st March,
At the time of the launch of the Mission in April 2019, out of 19.43 crore households in rural areas, only 3.23 crore (16.65%) had access to tap water.
It can therefore be said that the “Thoh Team” is a game of nobles.
This was announced by Bah DG Kharpuri, Secretary.
West Jaintia Hills Police led by Deputy Superintendent of Police (Crime) Cresency W Lyngdoh MPS and other officers together with a police team took to the streets and walked around Jowai with flags to urge the people to cooperate. and to comply with the rules and regulations announced by the Government to combat the COVID-19 pandemic.
Conrad was supported by the BJP and local parties such as the United Democratic Party (UDP) and the GNC. From 1977 to 4th October, Tura was led by PA Sangma except in The Tura Lok Sabha constituency has 24 MLA constituencies and has 622,189 voters including 315,255 males and 306,934 females.
Receive it with joy.
Authorities have received information that the group planned to carry out its attacks amid the commemoration of the 10th anniversary of the death of Mahsa Amini on the 16th of this month. November 2022 last year.
He said that the screening committee is too short and before selecting the children, it should be at least three to four. days in order to get enough children.
The residents said that on that night, the police also joined hands in protecting the robbers along with bulldozers during the attack.
How do you know? Shabas Rangbah New Nongstoiñ; You are better than the MDCs of Shillong.
“If Pala is re-elected, he will sit on the sidelines because the Congress will not come to power in the country,” said Sanbor.
Therefore, the police and the Ukrainian army, worked together to recover the bodies and wrapped them in white blankets and loaded them into trucks to take and deliver the bodies to the Kharkiv, where health authorities will conduct a DNA test.
The Criminal Investigation Department (CID) of Assam Police on Tuesday arrested 22 persons including 2 teachers and 19 students for allegedly stealing Their involvement in the incident included the theft of HSLC examination questions in General Science.
The Dalloi of Mynso Elaka, Karmi Myrchiang, said that this year they have sacrificed a cow to honor the gods and goddesses to free the elaka from the evil of society and disease.
The new law provides for imprisonment for 50 years and a fine of 7 lakh tyngka.
On the other hand, the police have deployed patrols to monitor those who fight against them.
On receiving the information, the village authorities and the Ri Bhoi Police immediately rushed to the scene to help them, but the child died due to the incident. His parents were injured and taken to the Civil Hospital for treatment.
Ardent also confirmed that although there are only four MLAs, they will stand firm to demand from the government to revise the Reservation Policy for the benefit of the youth and to eradicate corruption. diaper.
Nongpoh: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister of State, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA and other senior government officials from the Textile Department, today visited Umden Nongtluh village, to announce the The residents of the area have received special recognition from the state government and for the first time in India, to gain the reputation as a strong area in the production of Jain Ryndia.
As I said above there is no cure for it but there are only a few ways to treat it and those are:-These are just the top priority how to do it, there are many others ways to avoid anxiety according to your experience and experience, but here I have mentioned everything that has been written as briefly as possible.
In front of them, he may have promised to look after their claims, but as soon as he left their eyes, he gave them up.
The Special Committee also found recent traces of tires of heavy vehicles or trucks.
“This decision is not forced by anyone but with the consensus of all the meat vendors, we want to fight not against the government but against the doubts of the people. are in the midst of hesitation to buy beef".
“According to the rumors, there are many rumors regarding the appointment of ministers within the NPP party and as the Prime Minister has clarified that he does not see any intention,” he said. to replace Ministers, but over time, we have received a replacement of Ministers and this is the understanding between me and Bah Comingone Yambon together with the Prime Minister and the Symbud Prime Minister”.
Speaking as the chief guest, Vincent H Pala admitted that he had violated the Model Code of Conduct, but as it was the responsibility of the Church, he did not take anything into account.
The village authorities and the KSU, FKJP have expelled the foreigner from the village.
D.or NET qualification and must secure 55% (5% relaxation for SC/ST) at Masters Degree Level.
Although the BJP has only two MLAs in the state, it is they who have applied for assistance from the government to set up the first Diagnostic Center in Shillong to provide treatment to the poor.
He said that this is a wrong teaching and it is the duty of the MLAs to provide such assistance and urged the people to go to the MLAs to demand such assistance. aid.
The households live on Raid land but cultivate on their own land and those who do not have cultivate on the land or fields of others.
The temporary closure of this road is to avoid any tragic incident that may happen at any time.
Once wisdom has reached its end, from now on, it will begin to decline.
Speaking on the occasion, the South Tura MLA said that Patricia's article in the Shillong Times on Thursday has affected the dignity of the House. that nothing should be done about it.
She also informed about the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Maan-dhan (PM-SYM) scheme which can provide assistance to the beneficiaries such as pension of up to 3,000 tyngka per month.
And immediately the mother became cold and trembled all over.
Shah said the war against drug abuse and adverse effects is ongoing in the country through various platforms.
The resource person for this program is Bah Josterland Jyrwa who is a teacher of Sohkhyllam Presbyterian LP School and also the General Secretary of Sohkhyllam Youth Association.
Bah Metbah said that Joshi has always worked for the welfare of the people and is also one of the most skilled speakers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee, Rgh I Sun, said that the meeting started at Lum Dorbar, Lawnongthroh. This time it is pleasant that all these things from the thanksgiving to the prayers went smoothly.
Finally, the Union urges all those villages affected by this incident, if they have any needs, please let us know, so that the Union will try to help and do as much as it can. Hey.
Mawnianglah Youth SC was won by Helibert Nongkhlaw.
Rap Blah had come to the hospital to treat his father who died in Shillong.
Pynshrainmiki Rabon (Low Kick Senior Men -67kg), 4.
The poor houses provided by the Government are only for those who are members and supporters of the MLAs/MDCs while those who do not support the MLAs/MDCs are not even looked at.
This new fertilizer also takes only 14 (khatsaw) days to receive the fertilizer.
“In an interview, journalists asked me, when I was a policeman, whether it is easier to fight against drugs or terrorism and without hesitation I answered, it is easier to fight against terrorism,” he said. Bah Kharkharang.
The rain will come soon and we pray to God that nothing bad will happen to this area, but when we look at the eyes of the people, we see that they will not there are many mountains that will fall and roads that will turn into pools of water.
Speaking on behalf of the new members of the Federation Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) Ranblang Circle, he said that they should take responsibility especially for the community, the people and the people. spirit of humility, be gentle, be brave and not be afraid to fight and protect our own small nation from the invasion of other nations one day in our own country.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: After the meeting with Prestone Tynsong, the HNLC has agreed that the formal talks will start in July. On the other hand, the General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw, has expressed his doubt that the peace talks will be successful.
The Minister said he has also urged the Government to set up an Integrated Check Gate at Baghmara to facilitate the movement of tourists and other traders before the arrival of the Baghmara. station.
Kolkata: TMC MLA Madan Mitra today took the part of a tea seller and offered those who love Modi to buy tea worth Rs 15 lakh. he pela.
The Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya have claimed that they are the only ones who can resolve the border issue with Assam. border region.
In such a situation, have any of us ever thought that this action of ours has brought benefits that are a blessing to us the Khasi people or that it is something that is not beautiful to us? It is impossible to say that there have been many of us who have remembered and experienced this character and event in our own lives.
The audition will start on the 12th July 2023 at Youth Hostel Shillong.
The JYF has expressed its deep sorrow and sympathy to the people living in the area as they have been facing hardship and discrimination by the government for many years.
The Seng also thanked the BDO of Mawlai Block, Bah PT Passah and the MDC of the area, Bah Teibor Pathaw for their willingness to help as much as they can in the implementation of the cleaning work.
The meeting was conducted by Dr. Dherindro Ramsiej, former Principal, Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat.
The Assam Police have also sent a letter to the contractor, Pyrkhat Hinge, who is constructing the bridge.
Those who have complaints about illegal activities related to the election, please call 9233271285 or meet him face to face from 5 to 6 pm every day at Sibsingh Inspection Bungalow PWD (Road), Nongstoin.
Bishop Stephen Ferrando was born on 28th September 1895 in Rossiglione, the son of Augustino Ferrando and Josephine Silvi.
There is no point in joining these parties because only when they win, they leave the party.
Edira said that in 2011, the Syiem had said that he would hold a Dorbar, but they did not hold a Dorbar without a decision in the Dorbar before introducing the Act. to the Management Committee.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The employees of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) have extended their strike after alleging that the central government through the Ministry of Food and the FCI management have ignored their demands. for the approval or implementation of their long-standing demand with the central government.
They said that they had gone to Lum Jingtep together with the Mizoram police to collect the body. They said that the reason why they did not go to the house of Golda was because they did not know her.
The CAG has found that there are serious shortcomings due to the lack of registration and registration of the names of the beneficiaries and therefore there are cases where the department pays arshah to the beneficiaries even from other schemes. and there are those who do not receive the money.
“Where are those national parties, the national parties that call for nationalism, where are they? We don't see a single word they say when they announce Good Governance Day on Christmas Day and Digital India on Good Friday. Only the Congress party has spoken against the BJP and written to the government that Meghalaya, which is a Christian state, does not accept it, because these are special days for Christians.
On the other hand, the officers said that it is unfortunate that in the past years the government has allocated too little funds for the departments to develop agriculture in Garo Hills. rep are understaffed.
Instead of just sitting around, you should take the time to read this article.
Shillong: The Border Security Force (BSF) has arrested three jawans involved in the shooting death of Bah Roning Nongkynrih in Mawshun, Pynursla Sub Division. .
This was announced by the Minister of Fire, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar after the Cabinet meeting today.
However, Forme rushed to the river to rescue the child.
(from the book 'The Message to Youth'
“These people are in great danger- sometimes these people have not been explained about this and have been covered with their high powered glasses- they need to know about that danger and it is “It's also to improve their vision so that they can go to those ophthalmologists and get some help,” he said.
In this competition, all – men, women, children, young, old, old, poor, rich, high, low, good, bad, tall, short, can participate in the competition.
Shillong, November 03: Seven officers and nine personnel of the Meghalaya Civil Defense and Home Guards Organization (MIGU) have been honored with Commendation Discs and Certificates from the Office of the Director General, Ministry of Home Guards. Office, New Delhi on the occasion of the 61st Raising Day of the Department of Civil Defense and Home Guards.
RPCH, Shillong, has 24 beds, but 20 beds, Bethany Hospital, 58 beds, but 53 beds, BSF hospital, is still short of 30 beds. The Military Hospital has 18 beds, NEIGHRIMS has 155 beds and 136 beds, Nazareth Hospital has 100 beds. Robert Hospital has 50 beds and 46 beds, Super Care has 83 beds and 76 beds, Woodland Hospital has 42 beds and 35 beds. They are the only ones in Shillong.
The 144 Crpc and the ban on shops not opening after 10 pm is an attempt by the government to prevent the people from earning a living and saving their families. violation of the right to life enshrined in Article 21 of the Constitution of India which clearly states that “Article
Speaking to media, the CM said; “We have agreed on some changes in the Meghalaya Building Byelaws, 2021 and to maintain the development of urban areas in the state.
“There was a shooting of our people in that area and in Langpih in 2010 and almost in the entire border area which is in the middle of border dispute,” he said.
TMC spokesperson Saket Gokhale said, “This corruption took place within MAL, which was set up by the closest aide to the Chief Minister, Dr Vijay Kumar.
The body of the child was taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for postmortem today. The body of the child was taken to Assam for burial. he.
The meeting was inaugurated by David Nongrum, Chairman of MTDC. Also present on the occasion were MLA R. Pyngrope, R. Muivah, Secretary, NEC, Mr. G. Chintey, Adviser, Mr. Banking, Industries & Tourism, NEC, Bah H. Suting, Sordar of Syntung Village and the people of the area.
While other nations of the world take and give birth to the father.
“I hope I will work hard to improve this department," she said.
The rights of the Khasi Jaintia people have been violated, and therefore, the Khasi Jaintia youth are facing problems in the state even though it is not their fault,” he said.
“For this reason, the department has not been able to pay the salaries of the employees,” she said.
In the U-13 Boys Double, Jiedmitre Kyndiat and Riang Fermiter Bareh defeated Ewan Sa-oo Sumer and Jesaia Thiaite 21-9, 21-10 respectively.
These border villages include Khatkasla, Psiar.
“The State affidavit should specify the plans to be implemented in the next few months, those to be implemented in the next few years and those to be implemented in the future. on the roads, the increase in tourism and the presence of vacancies,” said the Division Bench in its order on the PIL of the case.
When asked, he said that the party will continue the protest despite the fact that the government has not shown its readiness to call for talks with the VPP on the reservation. Policy'.
A policeman and a 21-year-old man have been killed in Bulandshahr district of Uttar Pradesh over illegal cow slaughter in the area, the report said.
The Football Scheme for Boys will be held on the 16th and 17th.
Many of the ruling MLAs are afraid of being removed from their MLAship but they should understand that the Lamphang cannot remove an MLA without giving them the opportunity to explain,” said Dr Donkupar.
"My father said, 'It's true... I'll go ..." Rida replied. Rida told her mother that she wouldn't go to school because she had to go to the shop.
He said that participation in the voting process will strengthen and preserve democracy in this country where we live and the Right to Vote is the right of every citizen. The age of 18 years and above has been confirmed by the Supreme Court.
The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) is proud of the election of Bah Larry Kharpran Sun as one of the leaders and promoters of boxing in the state and also as a Boxing Coach working in the Sports Department. state.
The SBUK, too, if it invites the members of the Sahitya to come and learn the Khasi language, it will be enough.
It has confirmed the Notification dated 8th September, 1961 issued by the Governor of Assam on the implementation of the Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 throughout the UKJHADC. MDCs, political parties, civil society, and the people) to demand that the Governor of Meghalaya should issue a Notification to declare the implementation of the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation (ILP) in the state. land of KHADC and JHADC.SCHEDULE LAWS EXTENDED (See Section 2)Year Number Short Title I.REGULATIONS 1873 V ... The Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 II.ACTS (a) CENTRAL 1872 XV … Marri 72 The Christian Indian ) STATE 1910 … The Eastern Bengal and Assam Excise Act, 1910 R.V.Subrahnenian, Secy.
The Army today said that this is the first time that Sarang helicopters have been deployed in the North East, and it is also the first time for these Army to deploy them. in high places like Shillong.
At least 233 people have been killed and 900 others injured in a train overturn in Odisha.
Some tourism-related projects have been sent to the central government for allocation in the next budget," he said.
However, later the police released all the employees of the High Court.
Who can beat us.
This is to inform you that Ma Lasooki Lakiang, Chairman of Jowai Municipal Board, has passed away on
The candidate will be elected on this day.
It is learned that Star Cement has blocked the road to the mine by digging a hole, throwing heavy stones and yesterday the road was blocked by a damper truck.
It also spreads through our hands.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that after the meeting with the Chief Minister, the organizations and groups in the country. Lum Khasi today will meet with the civil society groups from Garo Hills.
Saumitra Khan was angry with her husband and decided to divorce him from their marriage for 40 years.
Furthermore, during the investigation, the suspects confessed that there was another drug trafficker named Marvin Jyrwa who was the moneylender for the smuggling of these drugs. and who is waiting to receive these songs at Mawryngkneng.
We have received another title which is NEHU 93 out of 100 universities in India.
During the rainy season, if it rains or rains in the morning, she throws plants and herbs into the field. During the rainy season, she throws the Kham kba from the field to Myntu. during the rainy season by Mohkhiew, turn the soil up side down on the hillsides and on the fields where there is no water.
Congress leader Shashi Tharoor talks to media in Shillong.
All the MLAs, the ruling and opposition parties have agreed to pass a resolution on these burning issues of the nation.
It was only after Sonia Gandhi's appearance that it became clear which Congress MLAs had the right to oppose Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Mawten Secondary School and Eleven Secondary School performed a special song.
He also urged them to be obedient and aware during these three days.
If they say that, it's like they're talking against us," he added.
However, the money paid by the people does not mean that the political parties can play as they please,” said the Seng.
Not only that he has been summoned, but he has also been warned that if he continues to play chess, he will be subject to strict provisions of the law.
However, the groups of commercial vehicle drivers have strongly opposed the decision of the district authorities and questioned their inability to operate even the private vehicles. they too have the same role to play in bringing traffic to the city.
He promised that the state government will assist the filmmakers from the state and the region and said that as the state has many beautiful places to shoot films and with the emergence of young people in the field of filmmaking. Shillong will also become a place of prominence in the film industry.
“The same government intends to abolish the district councils and the same government intends to abolish the district councils,” he said.
The KHADC has passed a Bill to divide the constituencies in the recent dorbar and according to this Bill, Laitkroh will disappear and a new Umsning constituency will be created.
Now, when they get money, everyone is a friend, but when they lose it again, even in front of the house they don't want to come out.
Therefore, the Whole Sellers Association of Nongstoin area including the Dealers and Fair Price Shops demanded that the government should pass a law to ensure the payment to them so that for any failure later on.
He said that the custom of land ownership of the Mawsor Kur is stronger than that of the Khasi in Hynniewtrep and it is strong in that it is not a ri kynti, but the land of the Kur and the land. of the people and cannot be replaced by anyone, but belongs to the people.
In this regard, all the people of Riwar Mihgni especially the youth are invited to attend the seminar and the meeting on that day and time, said the president of the party Samla Promeeyo Khongjirem.
God spent the first nine months on earth as a newborn, living child, a perfect man and a perfect God.
Relatives of Macborn said that Macborn had just dropped off all the people who had come from Shillong and was about to return home when he reached the parking lot, four of them were killed. and the people cut him off, and threw him down with the blood.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) on Monday decided not to withdraw its protest after the Vice Chancellor (VC) of the North Eastern Hills University (MCTA) Prof Prabha Shankar Shukla refused to amend the notification issued on 12th November 2020 directing all affiliated colleges to implement the National Education Policy (NEP)
Regarding the construction of the Nongstoin-Nongkhnum road, the DC promised to convene a meeting with the engineers to do the work.
“You may wonder why Bah Mitchel left the NPP and joined the UDP. I want to tell you, I have been with the NPP for three years. “It is difficult to own the language,” he said, adding that in the UDP, he feels ownership and he is confident that the flag of the UDP will fly across the state. in 2023.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) has given one day to the government to conduct an investigation and confirm and to evict the illegal residents of Lum Survey against the Fire Emergency Services Department, Shillong.
Shillong: There have been 846 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) said that all four retired government employees and the woman were arrested on Saturday from their homes and taken for trial. Chief Judicial Magistrate of Imphal East District.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, has enforced Section 144 CrPC, to ban heavy vehicles carrying more than 10 MT from passing through the Umiam Bridge. which is known as the Damsite Bridge.
Now they will build it for 50 minutes and it will be turned off. When we talk to the lineman, they say that the equipment is old and broken, nothing can be done.
MECOFED will transport the fertilizer from IFFCO in Guwahati and deliver it to the farmers.
They also said that as the union, it does not want to see the poor families being discriminated against, just because of the shortage of kilos of ration, which the government has planned to distribute for the families. who is poor or poor.
The Border Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Ferdinand Basan, has strongly opposed the plan of Assam to build a police station in the area.
At the same time, he said that the office bearers and members of the union are always vigilant against anyone who enters the forests with the intention of hunting animals.
“He said that the FSS gives two months training to those who come to compete in this competition so that they will get encouragement and courage when they take part in the competition and climb the ranks.
One day, on Wednesday, when the shop was not open, she came to Rida's house without any prior notice.
JAC Spokesperson Peter J Lawai, while talking to reporters, said that the JAC meeting held recently in Jaintia Hills, took this decision after the district councils and the transport department. The state government has not done anything to curb the influx of foreigners without trading license, labor license and work permit which has severely affected the livelihood of the land owners.
He said that the Congress has already said that if it comes to power, it will introduce a law that allows same-sex marriage. .
Recently, Bah Dhar said that the Deputy Commissioners of East Jaintia Hills and Cachar District have been directed to inspect Baikam village and send the report to the Regional Committees of Meghalaya and of Assam.
Finally, Samla Mawthoh said that he has been one of the cleanest people in the society where he has been able to serve at NEIGRIHMS as Assistant Tech CSSD for about 10 years through Bah Teiborlang. Pathaw I is also the entrepreneur of the Ranger which has now been renamed the North Eastern Security Academy (NESA).
(2) Planning Department – ​​Rs 457.58 crore (3) Health & Family Welfare or Department of Health has not issued receipts for Rs 272.22 crore (4) Social Welfare Department Rs 198.99 crore (Rs 195 crore and Rs 99 lakh). 5) Education & Human Resources 171.78 (one hundred and ninety-one crore and ninety-five lakh).
Even infants do not like to eat them and they have been eaten and used to feed pigs.
Shillong: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle on 23rd March 2021 (Saturday) evening received a telephone call that a Sumo carrying foreign nationals from Lad Umsaw has crashed into Lad Umsaw. Therefore, the district has conducted a raid at Mawlai Nongkwar Petrol Pump and the raid of the Seng was not in vain. When asked where they came from and where they intend to go, they said that they came from different villages of the country. Assam and planned to leave for the BSF camp at Umpling.
It is to be recalled that on this occasion, the office bearers of the Maraikaphon Youth Club, have taken their own initiative to hold a special football tournament for the children, which is This is to help showcase the talent of the youngsters of Sohra area in the field of football.
This is the largest NATO deployment since
Some of the newly discovered crematoria are very deep with the tallest being the Trevor Khur which has an entrance of about 152m and is the deepest crematorium in Meghalaya or India discovered so far.
:The increase in the construction of electricity from Sibbari district to Baghmara in South Garo Hills has caused serious concern due to the alleged mismanagement of the contractors appointed by the state electricity department.
He also warned the residents not to have the idea that once Sohra is declared a district, there will be job opportunities for the youth.
Thousands of residents from their respective villages including children, mothers, fathers and mothers witnessed the celebration of the New Year. young sons and daughters.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) through its Agricultural and Farmers Welfare Cell has submitted seven demands for implementation before the Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh on Thursday.
Also present on the occasion were Bah John F. Kharshiing, President of MSOA, Ian Campbell, Olympic athlete from Australia and others.
The curfew will start from 5 pm to 5 pm on that day.
Rupang tried to contact the OC of Khliehriat, but he could not be reached, as the landline number at the police station was not working.
The Prime Minister concluded his speech with the national greeting for the people in Sanskrit which reads, 'May all be happy, may all be free from disease.
Then those spies to find out the reason held a sacrifice and a sacrifice so that God would answer why he was angry and who had sinned.
This grace stood and protected the Samaritan woman, healing the woman who had been suffering from a flow of blood for three years.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Physical Education and Sports Association (MPESA) has met with Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Education, Meghalaya at his office on Tuesday, March 1,
Speaking on the urgent need to open the Mawlai C&RD Block, Embhah said that Mawlai has more than 10 lakh residents and about 40,000 voters. The block will provide many conveniences to the people.
The anonymity of the eligible beneficiaries is one that the state government should consider carefully to streamline the process to include all those eligible.
Then it was seen that many people were dancing and mastieh on the road with the sound of music from the car.
Them Bijoy is an area where people are afraid to walk beyond 9 pm due to the unsafe conditions.
The motion by Laitkroh MDC Bah Carmel Sohtun has not been passed in the KHADC Dorbar where the House has approved and decided to move the bill. The Bill was submitted to the Select Committee for amendments.
The names of the candidates were sent by the screening committee along with others including Morris Augustine Jala, SR Sangma, W Kharbuli, BM Sangma and Dr JD Sangma.
The BJP has expressed disappointment in some constituencies and has doubts about winning in the remaining constituencies.
The border dispute between our state and neighboring states/countries which our government has approved a give and take policy for the final decision which will surely be a loss to us.
Meikha and Niakha loved their children very much.
“I don't want to promise the youth to apply like others but we will look for other ways to open up opportunities for them,” she said. computer training specifically for the youth of the area.
The group 'La Syrdeng' from Mawryngkneng Parish entertained the youth with their performance.
MPMC President Joplyn Scott Shylla said that the opposition is against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 because if people are allowed to come from Bangladesh, Pakistan and Afghanistan, it will destroy the citizenship. There are 14 lakh Khasi and Jaintia people in the state.
This is the second victory of Shillong Lajong in this tournament.
“Look at Umroi constituency in the last MLA election, the party has also removed the ticket of MLA Bah Stanlywis Rymbai because it wants a person to win the election,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Budsalang Nartiang also scored (23, 27).
“From what I have heard from the discussion, there are some legislators and Ministers in the Cabinet who have not yet You can understand the roster system.
The Department of Disaster Management through training programs has focused on preparedness to provide protection through safety standards.
Expressing his concern over the challenges faced to bring about a clean environment in the urban areas, Bah Kharmalki said, “Soon, we can impose fines for violating the rules related to cleanliness of the morning – throwing garbage on the streets, throwing garbage in the rivers.
We read these stories in the Bible as well as in other sources outside the Bible.
But as the old saying goes, “We must not forbid those who have made us human” and as the Word of God also says, “But we beseech you, brethren, to recognize those who work. and to them that have rule over you in the Lord, and to them that admonish you; and to esteem them very highly in love for their work's sake..."1 Thessalonians 5:13-1
If each person spends only 3 lakh tyngka on traveling around the world in a year, if there are only 10 million tourists visiting a country, the income has reached millions of tyngka.
Abhay Negi (2/14) and Akash Kumar (2/24) scored 2 wickets each while Aditya Singhania (1/16) scored 1 wicket.
He said, “If the mother is of the Dkhar clan, she is a non-Khasi and these Dkhars are now considered Khasi.
He said that he will soon go to Delhi to meet the Congress leaders to tell them what Dr. Mukul Sangma has done by holding all the powers in his hands and at the same time. Earlier, Bah Robert had sent letters to the Congress leaders in the state and also to the NCP to discuss the Lok Sabha elections. He said that although Dr. DD Lapang has accepted and other Congress leaders in the state have accepted, his intention to join the Congress has been blocked. “I have just received information that he says that I am a person who wants to join the Congress with a bad intention. Rajya Sabha while talking to reporters at his residence today.
Shillong, July 17: More than 27 youths have registered at the Employment Office from 1st July 2014 to 31st November
Through this groundbreaking ceremony by the MP, it will be a great joy for the residents of many villages in the area, as they have been using this road which is full of snow and ice. which stirred up the multitude of the people.
Man, even elections are not an easy task to attract the people.
Shillong: There have been 40 new cases of corona virus in the state today.
The Sustainable Transport and Efficient Mobility Society (STEMS), which was set up by the state government to find ways and means to reduce congestion in the city, announced on Tuesday that it intends to launch the bus to pick up and go to school for the children who are studying in some of the schools in Laitumkhrah.
Guwahati: Police in Tezpur District of Assam have arrested two persons from the United States of America in connection with the missionary work of the Baptist Church on charges of violating the to the terms of the visa.
The Civil Hospital Tura has 10,000 beds.
The Chief Minister said that the name 'Meghalaya' means the abode of the moon.
The demand to upgrade the Padu Dispensary to a Primary Health Center has received increasing support from the residents of Padu and the villages that rely on this old dispensary in Amlarem Sub-Division.
After the arrest and remand of the accused, the investigation was conducted under the supervision of Police Officer Nitu I Sangma who is also the Officer incharge of Williamnagar Women Police Station.
Foreigners are required to obtain a NOC from the Rangbah Shnong, a residence permit, a trading license from the District Council and a Professional Tax Licence.
However, when he went back to follow with the servants of God to preach the Gospel of the Lord, he felt strong, happy and his soul was filled with joy.
Shillong, March 4: “The government has released on bail those who tried to kill me and those who bombed my house, but the protesters who demanded Garo State have been charged under the MPDA Act,” said Saleng A. Sangma MLA himself while speaking while supporting the Lamphang who accepted the adjournment motion.
At the end of the ceremony, before returning to the Seng Hall, Mawkhar, Rgh Hammar Singh Kharhmar Cultural Secretary Seng Khasi Kmie gave a welcome speech, a prayer by Rghj Donbokstar Kurkalang. Rgh Rubi Binong, President Seng Khasi Raid Marngar, followed by a prayer by one of the members of the Tymmen U San Group. Then he went to Iing Seng, and went on his way.
The meeting was adjourned to November 5th.
The purpose of this training is to raise awareness among young women on health and how to prevent themselves from being affected by diseases.
Now, stay completely in the dark and wonder.
On the other hand, the President of the Meghalaya BJP Mahila, Kong Sukhi Pariat, said, “The BJP Meghalaya Mahila Morcha strongly condemns this act against the women.
“This will encourage them to continue their studies in the field of science,” he said.
Initially, the government had awarded the contract to M/S SA Builders at a cost of T.2,06,04,321 crore for the construction of the hotel and given 20 months to complete the work.
His contribution to the development of our state will be remembered forever.
Vipul Pawar, Head of the Embassy of India, Mohammad Abdul Hye, Ambassador of Bangladesh to Thailand, Prof. Suchat Thaothong, Head of BFA, Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthanburi University, Mathasit Addok, Dean of Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthanburi University, and Dr. Suriya Chayacharoen, Director of BTU gallery.
Rymbui also congratulated the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) for agreeing to hold peace talks without any conditions, and this shows that they too want peace and stability. in the state.
He said they will continue to fight until the government repeals this Bill which will destroy the indigenous people of the region.
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today held a meeting at the Conference Hall of the DC's Office, to discuss and develop measures to prevent the spread of Covid-1 -19.
He said that the BSF has strong forces and has sent more troops to the border to ensure that there will be no more cross-border activities.
The Minister said that in terms of Teachers Education, stand alone institutions should no longer have B.Ed but colleges because they should not teach only one subject or course.
They also know that the wealth they have is earned by hard work and hard work.
He said that after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU), these villages have expressed their concern that they have been left out of Meghalaya.
The final will be played on 2nd March.
We are managing the money, on a rolling basis.
As a Longkmie, I express my condolences to the families of those victims and I keep them in my prayers.
He said that the Executive Members of SNSBH alone will have at least 30 members and it is expected that at least 500 village officials will attend the meeting tomorrow.
He concluded by saying that the production of marynthing-ka snap Paka is part of the golden opportunity for us to recognize the dress code from all over the villages, townships and areas and showcase to the world. and especially to teach the youth to love and protect their own country, the Khasi-Khara people.
Assam Police on the 10th of this month said that a woman from Tinsukia area who was still in poverty after being attacked by her own husband has died while undergoing treatment at Assam. Assam Medical College and Hospital (AMCH).
Thus he became a proud, knowledgeable and determined young leader.
It is on this basis that we need not only the government but also the opposition.
This book is a translation and commentary on the book Ki Sngi Barim U Hynniewtrep written by the poet Soso Tham.
So they worked together quickly and quickly finished the work.
Still, Geralyn says she has been strictly warning her five-month-old daughter.
Shillong, Naitung, 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Thursday said that the proposal of Baikam village will be discussed again during the border settlement talks between the Regional Committee of Meghalaya and Assam. .
It is learned that the reason why these four persons surrendered to the police, is because they understood that they have been searched by the police, because the Association and the owner of the property. who lodged a complaint with the Police.
Dr Donkupar said that as of now, the people are turning to the ethnic parties, because they have turned away from other parties in power in the state.
The RKSF leader said that during the meeting with the Minister, she promised to take action to look into the PHC. The Manipur government has detained 1,87,143 people under the PHC. Manipur Governor Dr. Anusuiya has said that the government has released them since the outbreak of violence in Manipur in June 2023 in which more than 200 people lost their lives. Uikey on Tuesday.
On the other hand, Bah PS Giri, a teacher, said that he has found many problems in the field of education since the loss of electricity because many of the children do not have access to education. to read in the evening.
He said that these days, the market for pork has started to increase again where they sell about 85-90 tonnes of pork while the price of pork is 4-5 tonnes per day.
Seiñraij Tuber 12 – Daloi wishes you all a very happy Behdienkhlam Festival to all the children of Seiñraij Tuber who live all over the state of Meghalaya. Through this religious service which we hold once a year, we will be able to eradicate this COVID 19 pandemic from our country.
Meanwhile, the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri, President of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides urged the children to follow and stand firm on the foundation and to have the courage to fight for the right.
Nongpoh, Nailur 07: The Superintendent of Police (SSP) on Tuesday said that the body of an elderly man has been found in the middle of the National Highway at 12 mer Ri-Bhoi District. Police found that there were no signs of injury on the body of the deceased and he was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for post mortem to find out the cause. of the Hospital.
In connection with the incident, they have conducted an investigation and soon they will be able to arrest these people, by checking through the CCTV cameras inside the Screening Point.
Shillong, Lber :Some of the required instructions for the members and delegates of the KJP Western Synod to attend the 21st Western Synod Service to be held at Lyngkhoi Presbyterian Church from 9th to 12th October 2023.
“The members of the Executive Committee have been appointed.
The French were imperialists and had a divide and rule policy by doing things differently to make their work go smoothly.
On this occasion, the village as part of the ceremony to honor the Rangbah Shnong and Seng Longkmie who have been involved since the establishment of the village, has honored and presented gifts. to remember the contributions of the people who have given to the village to provide that service as this village has begun to grow in all aspects.
He also explained about the North East Venture Fund (NEVF) which is the first venture fund in the North East to support startups in the region.
Ban Pala said that if such an election is held, it will be a violation of the rights of the states of India.
He also mentioned the need to have Integrated Village Cooperative Societies (IVCS) in order to develop the work and to support the villagers.
The final match of the Pre Quarter Final will be played today between Gladiator and Sunriser at 3:30 pm at Malki Stadium.
“This process will ensure the rights that the family deserves from the department,” he said.
Shillong: Former Additional Superintendent of Police (SP) Frazier N Sangma has passed away today after testing positive for COVID-1
[continued] How to raise chicks:-The first few days of life of chicks are the most important to be monitored and cared for because it is during this time that chicks can get catch the diseases that are not right.
As Christians we must not forget that their struggle is much more difficult because they are not fighting against flesh and blood, but against evil spirits and powers of darkness. the cause of all the instability in the country and the Nation.
He said that St Xavier University is a well-known university in India, but it is not yet clear where they will build it, as they are preparing to pass the Bill. and once approved by the Legislative Assembly, it will become an Act and after that the University will be able to establish the highest office in the state.
“On the 27th of this month, the meeting will be open only to the members of the Executive Committee.
In the past, this recruitment has been very slow and has taken up to seven years.
Police have conducted a thorough search operation to arrest these robbers who were involved in the attack on these workers and so far they have arrested 5 robbers who are suspected to have attacked until One of these workers has died from his injuries.
He said that the marathon road is not only from Iawmusiang, but also from Riastasim Pass, Mynthong to Jerusalem, Chutwakhu and Jowai.
The Sngad/Ram Khur System has been extended from 14,951m to 20,459m from the 8th tallest creek in India and the 7th tallest or 6th tallest crematorium in India. on the 6th level located inside the mine caves.
D.Sohtun, MJS, Chief Judicial Magistrate-cum-Secretary, DLSA, South West Khasi Hills District, spoke on the precautionary measures and how to prevent the spread of the disease. Under the HIV/AIDS Prevention and Control Act, 2017, people living with HIV/AIDS should not be discriminated against or discriminated against in society. society or even family members.
There are also several Rangbah Balang who have also been involved in this financial crisis.
Hearing the complaint from the people, who have found it difficult to pay during the lockdown, the RBYF from Nongpoh, went to meet with the employees of the Uttrayan Finance Service Ltd, where they said: She warned these employees not to charge or force payment at such times, but they can do so after the end of the lockdown.
Rihanna, the richest singer of this year, has become increasingly popular after doing different things in her life and which have also made young people attracted to her. .
The video shows that Singh committed this crime while he was appointed in Meerut district.
At present, the government is preparing to allocate funds for the construction of this road, which will continue from the PMGSY road which has been painted to Mawrok. the road shall be built as the people have desired.
Khosla was accompanied by the Director General of Police (DGP) Khagen Sarma.
For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places" (Ephesians 6:10-12).
The union questions how this person managed to enter Meghalaya and how he dared to escape from the law enforcement agencies at a time when the government is strictly controlling the entry and exit of foreigners. people outside the State, questioned the organization.
Assam has decided what is right, not to ban.
He said that the Western Bypass road has already been completed which will benefit the residents.
The incident happened at about 11.30 pm, when several people wearing masks who came to support the protest turned to the place where the writer was. One of these people surprised the journalist, while others came near and surprised him.
Of these 35 cases, 24 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Garo Hills, 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 2 cases from West Khasi Hills and one case from Ri Bhoi and Jaintia Hills.
For those people who have relatives who don't have a car, they have been sent to the place where they have stopped, but those people who don't have a car have to walk and some of them have to walk. who had to stay in that place.
In the match between these two teams it was a very interesting match in which the players fought with all their hearts to bring their team to the goal of victory.
He is survived by his wife and 9 children.
From the 13th until the lockdown in March, the JHADC has not taken any decision on the appeal or complaint of the former Rangbah Shnong.
After this, the Chief Secretary called for a meeting with him and requested him to wait for a while as the government will take action on this issue.
The actions of the school department deserve to be condemned.
When we look at those legislators or MLAs whom we elect, we see that they increase their wealth as soon as they are elected.
Bah Arwan said that whoever got the job since 2019 until now has not been able to build the road or cover it until now and this ease of implementation of the job has put everyone. in a crisis.
Police suspect that the demanded amount has been paid and that is why they are going to release him.
Did Jesus teach you that? What churches have spoken on this? Or are you disappointed when Skyline Publication publishes a picture of Jesus with a cigarette in his hand? Where does that company see Jesus as not in those who don't claim to be Christians? many Christians and which has been a state for forty-two years should have been the brightest in the country, but why is it so bright? Most of our honorable leaders are Christians, but why don't they reveal that light in them? The development of the nation depends on their power and hands but why doesn't it appear and reach anywhere? Unfortunately, the teachers, besides being beaten from time to time, have been forced to leave.
It is worth mentioning that during a meeting with the leaders of the group in recent months to demand the public announcement of the report of Judge T.Vaiphei, Prestone Tynsong, Chief Symbud of the state, said The bill will be submitted to the State Legislative Assembly through the Dorbar Synrai which will start on the 9th of this month.
Dr. M. Chauba Ao, National Vice President of the BJP and Meghalaya, has expressed his surprise to find out for himself the backwardness of Shella Constituency during his visit to the state. Shella village on 12th June, 2023 to seek the support of the people for the BJP candidate Kong Arena Hynniewta.
“The garbage from the households was also found to be dumped directly into the river and the garbage was spread without respecting the environment.
The fire started at midnight on Tuesday and started from the parking lot of the 10-storey building, where two wheelers were parked.
Many of these benefits to the villages or the people do not exist but there is loss of land, forced displacement and insecurity in the movement especially of women and children to those areas where there are military bases.
Pran said he is ready to argue with those who claim that this belief of the Khasi is a superstition.
Police have registered a case at Madanrting PS. The investigation is ongoing to arrest the suspects.
It has declined and will continue to decline slowly as more and more people leave the agricultural sector.
So Naomi took this opportunity to persuade Boaz to marry her and Ruth.
“It makes me happy and it makes the owner happy, maybe she has a very important plan that she hasn't used,” said Peter.
However, if it is wrong, it is certain that the BJP Bah Sanbor will win.
On the occasion of the 25th Anniversary Celebration, the School Management also launched a Souvenir of the School to commemorate its 25th Anniversary which was launched by the Minister.
The BJP has not said whether it will attend the meeting tomorrow or not, according to Dipayan Chakraborty General Secretary of the BJP. meeting tomorrow.
At present, it is unfortunate to look after this place because the government authorities such as the Arts and Culture Department have not done anything to maintain it.
Bickyson Kharkongor scored the second goal from a shot corner but Mawkhar goalkeeper Widenstar Kharsati couldn't save the ball from near the post.
When there is education, it opens the door for the youth to work not only in this state but also in other states of the country and even abroad.
The office bearers of the Union are as follows: President Kyrmen Siangshai, Vice President Chandame Sungoh, General Secretary Shaphrang Pajuh, Joint Secretary Lewaphi Sutnga, Finance Secretary Miju Sutnga, Member Kwel Lakiang, Adviser Pramod Jain and others. other members.
There were more than 70 stalls prepared by various SHG groups from across the state and exhibited their products such as organic produce, handicrafts and others. even.
The race was held as part of the celebration of the International Olympic Day, which is celebrated annually on July 23 to commemorate the founding of the International Olympic Committee in
The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman of the District Level Committee on Ground Water Resources, Jowai, on Tuesday issued an order requiring the registration of all private and production wells. water through the pipe.
He said that it was his follower who found him dead inside his room after he had been missing for a long time and so she went to look for him because she did not receive any word from him. he seemed for a while.
He was appointed as the new Governor after former Governor V Shanmuganathan resigned five months ago following the allegations of rape.
Last year, the pass percentage of students in the examination was 81.17%.
Other EMs in the post of CEM include Antonio War, MDC Laitumkhrah in charge of Finance and Arts and Culture while Lamphrang Blah in charge of Elaka and Revenue.
They said this after Nido Taniam, a student from Arunachal Pradesh, was killed recently in Delhi.
The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District understands that the gate which has started to be constructed in parts of Umling village which is also the property of the state government is temporary, but it will help a lot. to prevent the illegal infiltration of mynder into the state.
Similarly, it cannot be said that the shatri made of modern materials is easier to wear and more comfortable in walking and standing than the knup ka trap made by the ancients, but they rain during the day as well.
This news has surprised and saddened me how when I was reading in school textbooks that the Khasi were known for cleanliness now they are known for pollution.
“He should participate in any decision taken by the Council, where he can get the benefits for the constituency if the MDC and his supporters take the decision. I have already given the reason why they want to join the NPP party for the benefit of the constituency. I don't want to mess with that”.
Answering questions before the House, Rakkam said, “Classes will start once the construction of the buidling is completed and later teachers and staff will be appointed.
“Dhanjit Das and Sanjib Sarma joined the party after receiving training from the police and army and followed exactly the orders of the police and army to maintain order and In a statement, the video showed that the two men urged the youth of Assam not to work for the police and army. On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa, has admitted that the police department will not send anyone to go abroad as its jurisdiction is for the purpose of The state of Assam is not more than that.
The Selection Committee for the Senior and Under-25 Boys of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has selected the team. Wanlambok Nongkhlaw will lead the team to represent the state in the 1st North East Inter State Friendship Tournament.
The North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Mookyrdup, Jowai on Saturday launched a Vocational Course in Agriculture to teach agriculture to the children.
Steve Huff released the video three days ago, titled Huff Paranormal.
“The Nongstoiñ Catholic Church has no information about the “Consecration” in Langñiuh Village (near Mawtikhar and Rikhen).
Before burning the inscription under Section 144CrPC, Robert June Kharjahrin and Peter J Lawai, the leaders of the party, announced that they will go to the Secretariat. The rally was held from the office of the party in Mawlai and the date will be announced later.
Sajem took part in the 3rd North East Blind Football Tournament, which was held in Shillong in July and the Meghalaya Football Association is pleased to support her to expand her participation. part of the outside in this struggle.
She said that those who have completed their MBBS course cannot be forced to come back to the State to serve as some of them have completed their Post Graduate (PG) course as doctors.
The reason for the surprise of the residents is that since the abduction of the man by the armed groups, the residents have never seen any police to come to conduct a raid in the area.
“If we say that it is a sign of the collapse and weakness of sports in the state, this is how the government decides to collapse various sports venues and if they say that our state will accept “The state government should improve these stadiums,” said Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, Executive Member of the East Khasi Hills Badminton Association.
Cloudia A Lyngwa, Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District has been promoted and appointed as Commandant of 1st MLP Bn, Mawiong and Sylverster Nongtnger has been appointed as Superintendent of Police. khasi Hills District,Shillong.
The names of the writers of these letters of demand were not disclosed, but it was learned that these letters may also contain the names of Khasi-Pnars.
She said that there are 27 SHGs under the VO (Village Organisation) and they have received many benefits through the NRLM Programme. to support all the SHGs within the VO. This group has been able to raise up to T.4,07,920/-.
“If those senior officers whose investigation will be conducted against them if they are still in office, it is here that the government has to ensure that the investigation should be independent. he added.
“It is time for us the people of the area to stand together, because in 2018 they have promised us 300 surname.
The Shillong Times of 27th August, 2021 has proposed to amend the Sixth Scheduled Constitution for the Dorbar Shnongs to elect Rangbah Shnongs according to the rules of election. The election between us, our brothers and sisters, has been equal since the beginning.
The Government should look into these issues of life and death of the people with new policies and builts.
Shillong: After a video has spread on social media, it has been posted that there is a violence against students writing class 10 examination; The reporter went to the Regional Office of MBOSE in Shillong to verify this.
However, Kongthei Daplin, having lost her temper, fled with the sword.
We cannot say what the intention of Assam is but we have talked to maintain the status quo for peace and order but in the meantime they are still showing violence that they want to have bloodshed. you have done the right thing.
Some residents of Khanduli village have gone to Iangmiih forest on Thursday on the border with Meghalaya and West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
They don't even think about winning or losing in the election.
The bus left Tura at 8:30 pm and arrived in Shillong.
Nongpoh, July 07: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), under the leadership of Bah Ban Buhai Makdoh, President of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), today met with the Town Planning Officer, Byrnihat. The dismissal of two employees of the department.
The US military has had a base in Kuwait since the end of the 2011 Iraq war.
Shillong: A man was shot dead at Lapalang Bridge, near the SBI ATM on Sunday night. The incident happened at 10.30 pm and he was taken away immediately. to NEIGHRIMS, not to be treated.
Recognition and status have been increasing.
(Contact No.9436363397 and No.9402335415).
On the 12th of this month, she lodged a complaint with the police and the police went to arrest him but both the men fled the scene.
The inauguration ceremony was held on 3rd June, 2022 at the same venue at Kantheerava Stadium which was inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs.
Jowai: Another 16-year-old girl, Synran Khonglah, 16, died at NEIGRIMS Hospital at 3:30pm today after suffering from severe illness. in the village of Lamin.
The Government College in Ri Bhoi, to upgrade the Umsning Mawhati Jagiroad to a two-lane or national highway and to take care of employment opportunities for the youth of Ri Bhoi. The Student Union (RBSU) on Saturday took part in the renewal of the office bearers of the RBSU, Sengkmie, which was held on Saturday at Pahamsyiem.
He was arrested several times but because there was no written evidence, he was released without any punishment except for a period of imprisonment as pending trial by the court.
He appointed Dr. He has been appointed as National Vice President since 2nd October
U Nongsain Hima, in these 60 years of her service, has been dedicated to serving the community of readers of the newspaper, to provide news, information, symbols of thought and true opinions according to right, not false and false, because lies, deceit and lies destroy society but with the truth, based on right that builds society and the development of the country and the nation.
The Civil Hospital has 40 beds, the Ganesh Das Hospital has 18 beds, the RPCH has 8 beds, the Bethany Hospital. beds, BSF hospital 8 beds, MIMHANS 3 beds, Military hospital 2 beds, NEI GHRIMS hospital 30 beds, Nazareth hospital 29 beds, Robert hospital 17 beds, Super Care hospital 20 beds, Woodland hospital 11 beds, Civil hospital Nongsto beds, Tirot Sing Memorial Hospital, Mairang 3 beds, Mini Secretariat, Mawkyrwat 5 beds, Woodland hospital, West Jaintia Hospital, Jowai 3 beds, MCH Hospital, Jowai 3 beds, Tura Civil Hospital, Umsawli, has 120 beds, but there are no patients.
“We have held a flag raising ceremony to protest against the police bombing of the students of Kiang Nangbah College on 10th November in Jowai until many of them were seriously injured on the orders of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said today.
Shillong, July 25: The complaint of the CSWO against the corruption of MLAs and MDCs has been pending with the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The accident occurred at 11:30 or 12 pm on Monday.
There were those who claimed to have worked for 14 days while they received only 4 and a half days, there were others who claimed to have worked for 22 days and their names were stolen. They also told me that in the book of rewards were the names of the people who had died.
They don't like to drink alone.
We have had the opportunity to teach ourselves how to use the internet even in the midst of the lockdown where we have been able to take part in many meetings through the internet through whatsApp, zoom, skype and webex.
During these two days, the children had the opportunity to compete in various games.
According to Damian Rongrin, Assistant Enforcement Inspector, the drivers of the trucks used nar rot, wooden sticks, stones and petrol bombs to attack the suspects. Fortunately, the employees of the Weight Bridge managed to escape from the scene but it is not known what happened.
The Minister urged to set up sports grounds, adequate sports venues and to complete them on time so that the National Games 2022 should also benefit the state in terms of tourism, and others. .
In the fields, they also cultivate Phankaro, Riewhadem, Wang and Tyrso, which are not good either.
“Nangkiew Enterprise” is the name he writes on the shop in white and beautifully written letters.
Up to 73 doctoral posts are vacant at the NEIGRIHMS and other vacancies at the Central Government Hospital in Mawdiangdiang.
Shillong, July 02: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has issued a notice to inform all those who have been transferred to the Jait or Kur Khasi without submitting an affidavit. Non-Khasi Jait to the Kur Khasi without the permission of the Registration Authority and the Executive Committee of the KHADC. The Custom of Lineage Act 1997, prohibits such custom of lineage or change of lineage, without the permission of the KHADC. Shillong, July 02: The State Government has appointed a BJP Spokesperson. and former Mawsynram MLA Himalaya M Shangpliang as Head of Education Department of the State Government.
This is a rare case that the supporters of candidates from different parties and independent candidates do not get the right, opportunity and opportunity to go. listen to the counting venue.
He said that in the letter he was ordered to deliver the money to Pomlum at 2 pm. After receiving a tip, the police have set up a station to arrest those involved. Bostolar Lyngkhoi was arrested while he was trying to take the money.
Marshall Manner, General Secretary of the Village Council, gave the welcome speech.
Nongpoh, July 02: To take care of any dangers and tragic incidents for the children in the village and also for the livestock, the Shnong Mawknor in Ri Bhoi together with the Seng Longkmie and Samla They have come out to repair the transformer which has been left without being repaired by the MeECL department as this could endanger the residents of Mawknor Village.
In the election of leaders in India, religious sentiment, the use of money, violence, party love and nationalism are at play.
Gangtok: According to the Maternity Benefit Act 1961, women have the right to receive paid maternity leave for six months or 26 months. the day off.
Not only that, the love and respect enhances the celebration of Chad Sukra.
Babu Donboklang Ryntathiang, HoD, English Department, Seng Khasi College Shillong and Balakyntiew Nongmalieh, Addl Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, who were also the judges of the Inter-College, were also present. Rev Percious Tmung, Vice Principal, Ri Bhoi Synod College, teachers and students.
Speaking on the occasion, Lamdibok Sumer praised the founder of the Nohkawang Water Fall Shri Rajip Lyngdoh, the mother of the Lyngdoh clan. He said that during the journey we have faced many difficulties especially in the beginning of the work but with hard work they have been able to achieve this valley. He added that the Tourism Scheme has many areas to assist those who have the intention to implement tourism.
In fact, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, in the last public meeting, had announced that no more kyiad will be allowed to be sold in Iewduh.
It is up to the KHADC to take action to resolve this for the benefit of the villagers.
Purlow remains in the happiness of the club under the leadership of Unai Emery as manager of the team selected for Europe after the team completed the On the other hand, the CEO said that the team has now settled in the EPL and is now in the middle of the competition in the presence of the team. women's sports and also a sports training center for boys and girls and other areas in the current development of the club as a whole.
Eyewitnesses said that there was a lightning in the sky and it disappeared suddenly and there was a lightning and the earth shook at the time of the lightning. .
Our own speech has the basis of the Constitution.
Soh khyllam is a source of protein in the body, at the same time it is rich in calcium, fibre, magnesium and vitamin E. among those who are rich in protein that you can include in your diet, along with the increase in protein, the body can also get fiber, magnesium, copper and monosaturated fat from these foods. seedlings.
Shillong: The Government of India has issued guidelines for farmers during the curfew due to the COVID-19 pandemic. /jingri, departments related to the purchase of agricultural products, including those related to the pricing of agricultural products, markets run by the Agriculture Produce Market Committee (APMC) or announced by the State Government , activities to be carried out by farmers in relation to agriculture, custom hiring centers (CHCs), manufacturing and distribution of fertilizers, medicines and seeds and at the same time the transportation of agricultural machinery related to the harvesting of crops inside and outside the state as well. also take into consideration the guidelines issued by government departments regarding personal care and hygiene.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills has issued an order to close the Syntu Ksiar Chyrmang Road after it became unsafe for people and motor vehicles to walk and stand.
In the meeting with the SP of Ri-Bhoi, the KSU leaders led by Feerdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD and Alex Narleng, President of the KSU, Northern Border Area, expressed many views. problems and insults to vehicles from Meghalaya.
In his speech, Bah Sawkmie urged all the Rangbah Shnongs to unite for the cause of the jaitbynriew and suggested to have their own synjuk, so that there will be unity and also to work together. on the other hand, the roi is par.
They should think carefully about what provision they should make for their children.
“I congratulate the Congress supporters from Nongstoin who voted for the candidate even though he did not win,” he said.
The Prime Minister has approved the decision and the Government of India has convened a meeting of the Committee of Secretaries on 22nd November 2014, in which the Chief Secretary of the State is a member of the committee. will investigate the facts and submit its report for this special permission to the Government of India.
Karnataka Chief Minister Siddaramaiah has ordered an inquiry into allegations of corruption in the Kalyana Karnataka Regional Development Board (KKRDB) during the government's rule. BJP, after the complaint filed by its leader Priyank Kharge.
However, in the 1990s, there was a massive investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) and others.
However, now this Kshaid and tourist attraction is in danger of losing its beauty and cleanliness.
He also expressed his confidence that with the guidance of God, this journey will reach its goal.
In the first innings, Marbisu won by 101 runs for the loss of 9 wickets in 20 overs. Dapkupar Nongrum scored 23 runs from 29 balls. Shemphang Nongbri took three wickets for 21 runs in 4 overs.
“Out of the 16 applicants who were invited for the personal interview for the post of Field Engineer of the Agency, only one Achik has been selected and this is a failure to implement the good. appointment," said the Seng.
Shillong: The Directorate of Civil Defense and Home Guards, Meghalaya has directed all candidates who have passed the examination for the post of Guardsman, Driver and NCE (Non Combatant Employee) to report to the offices. Home Guards are not available in the districts for appointment and basic training.
Regarding the preparations for the opening ceremony of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division which lasted only three days, Bah Mawsor congratulated all the government officers and those who participated. all because they have worked so hard to make today a successful day and it is not surprising that the preparation is only three days, but it seems that it has been prepared for months.
He scored again in the 53rd minute.
Police are investigating and perhaps there will be more arrests for those involved and let them complete the necessary steps.
The question is why does the government surrender to the civil society? Is it true that they speak for the good of all of us? In this state, the youth after graduation are waiting for government jobs, while the government urges the youth to They should look for opportunities to do their own jobs because the government understands that it is impossible to create job opportunities in the state.
They collected ten thousand pieces of silver and went back to Jaintiapur.
Similarly, the pathaw, the klong, and the sohkhia have some kin relationships.
Sesame Workshop India is one of the world's leading organizations that has introduced new techniques related to the education of children to be more relevant to education as well as in terms of understanding of what is being taught, and what has also been well evident in the area of ​​training that has been able to appear in terms of training given to children's caregivers as well as children in India and around the world.
He said that if the police do this, the time will come when the taxi drivers will no longer cooperate with the police as they used to do from time to time such as when they hold explanatory meetings with the drivers around the country. places.
As it turns out, our demands were not discussed, probably out of neglect by the Government," he said.
According to reports, the suspect was involved in the shooting inside a shopping mall in Texas, in which eight people were killed. was discharged from the US Army in
According to a statement from Laban Police Station, the victim was identified as Bhim Bahadur, 20 years old. He was taken by Ambulance 108 from Jhalupara to Civil Hospital Shillong on the night of 02 June He passed away at 4.30 pm on June 2020 at the Civil Hospital.
KSU South West Khasi Hills District has expressed its opposition to the government's attempt to bring in foreign workers. South West Khasi Hills District and parts of Mawsynram Block.
There is no provision to authorize or deploy government forces such as police in these areas for this purpose.
Banjop Mawthoh scored three goals for the winner in the 14th and 45th minutes.
Antonio, who won two terms from Laitumkhrah MDC from the Congress, has held talks with the BJP leaders in the state to join the ruling party in the central government.
The school was closed due to a loud noise at 12 noon which was also the time when the students were writing examinations.
There is nothing wrong with that, but there is nothing wrong with that.
Peace is reflected in culture through the participation of other ethnic groups.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: BSF troops patrolling at Nayabazar and Ryngku recently seized Indian and Bangladeshi currency in two raids on the India-Bangladesh border.
Thus, even now we are a minority or low paid in our state.
According to HYC leaders, the incident was allegedly committed by her ex-husband, Bah Tailan Sangriang of Riangkang.
“Earlier, the demand for Inner Line Permit was not discussed in the Cabinet meeting as well as the issue of Khasi or Garo language and also on the border. take heed to speak of these things," he added.
They said that the party congratulates not only the people who have supported the party congress, but the party also congratulates the MPCC leaders under the leadership of Bah Vincent H.Pala as President and MP, to the Women's Leaders, Youth Assembly, NSUI and all the party workers and leaders for their hard work, Rahul's visit to Nongpoh. it was successful.
Tomorrow's matches are: Group A (9:30am) – Mizoram vs Uttar Pradesh (Third Ground); Goa vs Delhi (JN Stadium), Group C (2:00pm) – Sports Authority of India vs Meghalaya (Third Ground); Odisha vs Haryana (JN Stadium).
“This is an issue that we have to address.
The meeting was conducted by Pa Daloi C.Lyngdoh who is also the Chairman of the Elaka Dorbar.
Some of the measures taken by the Government are the introduction of buses for the transportation of school children.
Bah Daniel Thangkhiew, Officer on Special Duty, was also present at the welcoming ceremony. The first group of students stranded in Manipur has been able to return safely to their homes and the government has also arranged two more helicopters to transport the students stranded in Manipur. Manipur and if these two planes can carry back the students, all the students stranded in Manipur will be able to return to the state while there is still a heavy conflict in Manipur.
Many of the old schemes have benefited the people.
“Looking at the lack of two opposition parties, I see that the Congress will come back to power in
However, New Testament scholar NT Wright says that this understanding and translation is far from the original Greek words and the original meaning of the Greek Bible.
I felt it was appropriate to share with you all the Khasi words and phrases that we speak, which have a great power and value if we think about them.
“We demand that the government should help the ASHAs and treat them as the Minmum Wages so that they can survive,” she said.
On the other hand, the villagers have urged the Meghalaya government to deploy a battalion in this area to protect the people of Lapangap especially those who need to farm due to the harassment of the people. Carbs.
Since how many days have you started driving on the road?
Not only that, it was alleged that the Lyngdoh had given part of the Hima office to private individuals.
In this regard, HITO-KA demands that the JHADC through today should cancel the new village, said a statement from President Samely Shylla and Secretary Lakhon Dkhar.
New Delhi, July 28: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has launched a FIFA Transfer Matching System for 14 players from different Indian clubs at the Football House, AIFF. Headquarters in New Delhi.
“When you're done, come here,” called the mother to Bahduh.
“The turnover of MeECL is not less than T.80 to T.110 crore but it is sad to see that the management of MeECL has not been able to release the salaries of the employees.
The appointment of Prof.G Singhaiah as the Head of SEMIS is based on his long service experience in the post for two and a half years and the name of Prof.G Singhaiah does not appear anywhere. There has been no allegation of misuse of T.98.69 lakh in any documents and there has been no investigation in this regard.
Speaking on whether he will inform the leaders of the Presbyterian Church about the formation of the committee to open churches, he said, “The decision will not be announced”. to join the Forum.
He said that the full statehood is the right of these soldiers who fought at that time to receive recognition from the government because if it were not for such soldiers, none of them would have received even a single statehood. long government minister too.
Jatah: Former Nongkrem MDC Edar Nongbri has said that he has to leave the VPP because of the attitude and arrogance of its President Ardent Basaiawmoit. do not count others.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 11: The Women's Church of Diwon Presbyterian Church today held a Food Fest at DUYA Hall, Diwon with the aim of raising funds for the completion of the construction of the Women's Church and also their corporate office.
Jowai, March 4: A 101-year-old man, Shaimon Pyrbot, has received 10,000 tyngka buskit and a syrnod from the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya. , Dr. RC Laloo today at the World International Day of Older Persons.
On the same day, Bah Banteidor also handed over the Work Order of 3 lakh tyngka from the SRWP Scheme as a collaboration for the construction of this office.
Shillong: Three employees of the Institute of Science and Bio-Resources (ISBR) have been found dead at the Institute of Science and Bio-Resources (ISBR) in Umsawli, New Shillong on Saturday.
Besides, u Bah Paul said that the government has to allocate land elsewhere to the land vendors because if they continue to do so, the land vendors can appeal to the court and this will affect the government's plan to change the land. the Khyndai Lad as a place of worship.
This is the question of many, when the President of India, Dhaupardi Murmu, wrote herself President of India on the invitation card sent to the leaders of the countries to attend the G-20 Summit. .
The price of agricultural products has increased, almost all the prices of agricultural products have increased (increased price) while the price of agricultural products that farmers need has increased. to heaven (the price is too high).
The five kurs are Kharbuki, Kharbudnah, Pathaw Lario, Rapsang and Sohsla. He said that they now have offices in the Mylliem Hima and are members of the Executive Dorbar.
“There is no discussion on the issue of leadership,” said Bah Rowel.
“To, Rida, I'm ready to come tomorrow morning, I'll leave now...” Niakha concluded. “To Niakha.
This clash between the Karbi and Pnars has happened from time to time despite the efforts of the Assam and Meghalaya Governments to resolve the border issue for the second time this time.
Those present at the meeting included Bah Pyndaplang Wahlang, President of NPYF Ri Bhoi District, Bah Poipynhun Rynghang, State General Secretary of NPYF Ri Bhoi District, Bah Pynbhalang Syiem, General Secretary of NPYF Ri Bhoi District. and other office bearers from all 5 Block in Ri Bhoi.
Not only that, it is reported that recently, during the Christmas celebration, a group of Khasi youths, who went to Wah Umngot, Dawki, but were detained at the police station in Dawki. long that they should go and stir up the crowd in the place where the church was gathered together.
“Prime Minister Narendra Modi has worked hard to accelerate economic development in the North East.
Thus, if one fish farmer can produce only about 200 kilos per month and if there are 5,000 ponds, the production of fish will not be less than 50 metric tons.
The youngster scored 4/21 which restricted WKH to just 101 runs and also managed to be an unbeaten batsman for 34 runs.
He reminded that those who have Tata Sky and Dish TV can take a connection from their network, because the plug is theirs, and there is no problem if they want to switch from Channel Khasi to Channel Khasi. Satellite channels, because it passes through another plug that they can switch on from their TV remote.
In Haridwar, Uttarakhand, 40 bodies have been recovered from heavy floods.
In these villages and border markets, the government should deploy strong police and doctors to examine people and goods before entering the state.
Up to 13 people have been confirmed positive for COVID-19 in Darrang village, West Jaintia Hills District and the village authorities have decided to close down the village and no outsiders are allowed to enter and leave the village.
It is to be recalled that USTM has been allowed to open the AI ​​Ayurvedic Medical College after receiving authorization from the NCISM, Ministry of Ayush.
The success of Pathaan and War has made SRK Bollywood's Number One Director and Sid has been inspired by SS Rajamouli, one of the greatest directors. in Tollywood.
However, one of the towers which the company has erected in Sangriang village, has not been operational for 10 months.
“While there is food in the house, eat it, if it is gone, we will die like cows,” said Sai Khongphai.
Amazing Kurbah, who is the leading supporter of Sohiong MLA Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh Thabah, said that 100 or more people of Sohiong have given their trust to him. He has to leave the UDP as a supporter and he will leave the party by agreement with the people to leave the party.
MJ Marngar, MPS, Dy Superintendent of Police (Hqr/Traffic), J. Mairom, MPS, Dy Superintendent of Police (L&O), OC Jowai PS, IC Phramer Traffic. Cell and other policemen rushed to the scene and found the three seriously injured and rushed them to Ialong Civil Hospital for treatment. Lucky Dhar, Hav R.Dkhar of 4th MLP Bn, was shifted to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, while Danny Dkhar, 4th MLP Bn, was shifted to NEIGRIHMS, Shillong. First aid was administered to the hospital and released.
The issuance of license last month in Garikhana area to Motphran has caused a clash between the union and the Khasi shopkeepers, but the union has made it clear that there is no reason and “They don't want to do anything but they want to know that the job will be done in the right way, but it shouldn't be illegal,” said Bah Bless.
In another incident, police have arrested a man who threatened to kill the Sirdar of Wahlang, Bah Thonbor Wahlang.
Regarding the ability of Kong Plantina Mujai, to set up this shop in the village, even the village leaders, praised her, because they feel that this woman has become one of the donors. There are two such shops in the village and this has brought about a change and fame in the village.
“We are currently examining the laws and regulations of the Constitution to find out whether the state government can pass laws on Rangbah Shnongs to resolve the issue arising from the decision of the High Court. “He told reporters for the first time after the verdict of the High Court against the Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking to media on 14th November, the Minister said that the improvement is ongoing and he himself has visited 6-7 times to ensure that the the number of participants will increase to more than 3000 people.
Traffic police rushed to the scene and separated the vehicles coming down from Sawmer Road. this is the road.
“We have thousands of students in the state and some of them come from poor families who cannot afford to travel to Tura or Shillong.
In fact, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, had promised to increase the deficit of all adhoc UP schools in Meghalaya at the Teachers' Conference held at Asanang Tura on 27th July 2018; but these promises have not been fulfilled until now.
In a short meeting, Bah Robert Lyngdoh Marshilong, Myntri Shnong Jashiar, congratulated all those who took part in this charity event organized by Bah Staising Kharbteng and other friends of Jashiar. village to provide assistance to this family.
“There will be concerns, confusion, worries that the bomb may have been planted somewhere and what might happen.
I'm so happy.
Mihmyntdi FC beat Mihmyntdi FC 3-1 in the second quarter final at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Friday.
Ranikor, June 22: As part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day of India, the office of the Sub Divisional & Health Officer, I/c BPMU, Ranikor today held a Health Mela. United Khasi & Garo Upper Primary School Ranikor with the aim of providing adequate and efficient services free of charge to the residents in relation to many government schemes related to health. as well as in the registration of participants.
Confirming that the review of the MoU will not take place, the Prime Minister said, “We have moved forward with this soskular”.
That is why I took immediate action so that the people would not suffer.
In the course of time, these things have not happened as planned because Bah Pynshngain has spoken out against the party and the government in the media,” said Bah Lapang.
Both of them have also qualified for the First Division next season.
At the same time, the CEM said that he will soon convene a meeting with all the departments to improve the work of the Council.
Regarding the inspection on the construction of the MNREGS road in Jatalong, Dasakhiatbha Lamare urged the village leaders and residents of the village to continue the construction and if they encounter As an MLA, he was ready to take responsibility and discuss whether it was with the governments of Meghalaya and Assam.
“Let us clarify that we are the party leading the Government...as a party we are strong, some of the parties that have allied with us have spoken to us, if we speak to them, we get, but we hold the “We will work together and when we come to power we will take them back,” said Dr. Kharlukhi while expressing his hope that the party will reach its goal in the upcoming elections in Sohiong constituency.
Wankhar, on the other hand, was surprised by the visit of the Minister until he came to her house.
They include 38 cases from Dhubria, 18 cases from Golaghat and 4 cases from Nagaon.
On the 22nd there will be a rally from 11:30 pm. The rally will be held at the home of the candidate Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit.
Company officials said the sale of the vehicle was for the Mela.
In 2016, 13 people died in a fire at a nightclub in Hanoi.
In the second half, Riphi O Shylla scored two goals in the first two minutes.
Larisa Iawrot, a woman, died on the 13th of this month after being hit by a speeding motorcycle. ML 05 AA-6505 while this woman was trying to cross the road at Mawlai Mawdatbaki.
That is why God values ​​man more than gold.
Ko Khun Khasi u Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep, stop the auction and sell land to the army, the companies that show you crores of rupees and promise to provide schools or hospitals are just a joke.
The protesters alleged that the influx of illegal immigrants from Myanmar, Nepal and Bangladesh has severely affected the indigenous people of Manipur and affected the culture. culture, economy and distinctive identity of the indigenous population of the state.
Today, Trump tweeted that he and his wife, Melania, have tested positive for the corona virus and are now in quarantine.
When asked why he came to the election, the former President of the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) said that the main reason is because of the decline in the income of the people in Khliehriat Constituency. Perhaps those who are outside do not know or understand how this place where there is no coal will grow.
He said why the MLAs these days listen man man but in these days when the elections are approaching they have raised their voices but he urged the people not to beij them.
NESFAS will assist in this.
The acquisition of the land area of ​​12,444.13 sqm is based on the acquisition agreement signed on October 31,
“In my opinion, they are Ranveer Singh like Rahul.
Besides the above, the Prime Minister spoke on many others.
If this event had not happened now, this prophecy might not have been fulfilled yet.
Replying to a question by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Comingone said that the appointment of home guard volunteers for many years does not give them the right to hold their jobs. any right to temporary employment or shirta and the agencies that employ them.
The winner takes the ryntieh and immediately throws himself to defeat the defeated side.
Among the many attempts made by the French to Tirot Singh and his Ministers, they did not succeed, but by tricks to negotiate peace, Tirot Singh was arrested on the 13th of this month. In July, 1833, when he left the hiding place and decided to send him to Tenasserim, the Bengal government changed the decision of the political agent and sent him to Dhaka until his death on 17th November
Seven Chapter 18.
These villages have been affected by the increasing power outages and lack of networks, including Amlympiang, Riahjalong, Amdon, Rhongkum, Naljuri, Rongtilla and Nongkhien. The lack of electricity and network has caused problems not only to the people of the area, but also to the Border Security Force (BSF).
In Shillong, the fare has been increased from T.22 per 1 kilometer to T.26 per kilometer and T.13 per kilometre.
One day, one of these vehicles had an accident at night and the illegal shipments were cleaned within a few hours before anyone found them.
“You deserve to be recognized for all of this and we received nearly 840 nominations this year for these awards," he said.
The Seng has sent the management to clean up immediately and to maintain hygiene so that it will not affect the health of the players.
The School Managing Committee of Loompyrdi UP School, Jowai on Monday launched the 13th School Week at Yungwalieh, Loompyrdi Iongpiah.
Wow! I've been two kilometers or less until I'm ready to go back. I've already sat down and I'm worried about how to do it if I'm wrong.
At present, after being raped by Nicholas Marak, the woman had to flee to Guwahati, but now she is afraid that the man will harm the relatives of the woman.
Why don't they say anything about the danger of uranium mining? Many Bible readers know that all Christians are called in the book of Genesis to protect nature and all of God's unique creations.
Whether it was in the 15th, 21st or 22nd centuries, women were treated equally as the symbols of the nation.
Today, the union has seized several trucks carrying shyiap to hand over to the Forest authorities at 12 Mer but after a while the officer has released these trucks without the inform the leaders of the party.
After the transfer of Fr. John War Pakma to another parish, Fr. Laurence Nongkseh was appointed.
Therefore, the people face many difficulties not only in getting benefits and needs from the government, but also in expressing their grievances before the government officials.
The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) on Tuesday evening spread information on Twitter that members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) don't worry about the incident in Mahadev Khola.
At the same time, we urge the Ministry of Home Affairs to take action against all illegal activities if anyone is involved in order to reduce the problems that the people have to go through every day. .
Governor Phagu Chauhan was the Chief Guest, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was the Symbud Chief Guest, Minister in charge of I&PR Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh was the Chief Guest. .
For the first time in the history of football in the state, Meghalaya has reached the final of the 76th Men's National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy. Meghalaya beat Karnataka 3-2 in the final match held at the King Fahd Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia on Tuesday night. Head Coach, Eugeneson Lyngdoh (Manager), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (Physio), Dios Lapasam (Assistant Coach) and players including Aibiang Mame Nongneng, Allen Camper Lyngdoh Nongbri, Dawanchwa Carlos Challam, Donlad Diengdoh, Donborlang Nongkynrih, Guidle Syiemlieh, Rajat Paul Lyngdoh, Nickleson Bina, Figo Syndai, Banshanskhem Kharkhildna Lyngdoh Lyngdoh light, and Ronnie Wilson Kharbuddon.
“Nehru in surprise got out of the car and asked, so these elders said to him, we don't want anything from you but we want to have another school here and Nehru was happy. He told them that your demand is very good and necessary and he gave them T.1000 tyngka to build a school in this area.
John F Kharshiing was elected as President and Neil Sootinck as General Secretary for the year 2023-2027 in the presence of Finely L Pariat. observer, General Secretary Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
I feel that the people also understand all these things,” he said.
The Joint Secretary of KHADC, said that there was no discrimination as all the resolutions were submitted by the members before 8th July 2015 which is the deadline set by the office.
On this occasion, 56 varieties of seeds were brought by farmers from Sohmynting, 55 from the Community Seed Bank from Mulum, 18 varieties from the ALC from Lumtrep, 18 varieties from Larnai. species and 12 species.
Among these – the Khynriam, the Pnar, the Bhoi, the War, the Maram and the Lyngngam, one group insults another.
In order to promote cleanliness, the Central Bureau of Communication of the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting, the Government of India will also hold various programs such as a photography competition for the freedom fighters of the country from the region. North East India, language competitions, dance competitions, drawing competitions and other programs as part of the cleanliness campaign.
“We went to the meeting because he called through the Myntri Shnong to distribute the relief measures, but when we arrived at the meeting, it was a mistake because he didn't give anything at the end of the meeting. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the supporters.
“The work of the BJP has now become clear from what happened in Meghalaya.
The Chief Ministers of the North East have taken all the decisions to demand from the Central Government to give special status to the region,” said Tripura Chief Minister Manik Sarkar.
“The country has made progress in the development of energy generation from non-fossil sources, built a unified national grid and strengthened electricity supply infrastructure, renewable energy development, the expansion of access to electricity and the provision of electrification to all households in the country, as well as the implementation of new policies.
Besides, the donation of these trees is not only to beautify but also to make all the Rangbah Shnongs aware that the planting of trees is a way to prevent the spread of global warming. good for the whole world.
“In the District Council, when you hear that there is a complaint about the job vacancies, the application process is slow, only those who have connections with the higher authorities get jobs but they don't. “Others who have learned will have to walk on the streets without jobs,” he said.
They help build ideas and expand one’s horizons.
Shillong: Members of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee (MEV) have announced that from 3rd June 2021, all commercial vehicles will go on strike indefinitely until the government decides to stop working indefinitely. will call to discuss them.
Their main goal is to buy MLAs with money. That is why horse trading came into being.
They have received a notice that they have illegally built restaurants and cafes near the Umiam River.
With the support of all 45 MLAs, Thomas Sangma has agreed to take over the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly previously held by UDP President and Mairang MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
He denied that the suspended Congress MLA Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh will be the NPP candidate from East Shillong next year.
“I have decided to support Stephan because the current MLA Lahkmen, we don't get the opportunity to express our concerns.
The program was held on the 3rd July instead of the 5th July every year and the tree planting ceremony was held at the Seng Khasi Phanñiewlah Neng LP&UP School in the presence of the residents, teachers and students of the school. the school.
“We have clarified that while hearing the cases, the Special Bench can issue an order or give a direction if necessary for the conclusion of the cases,” she said.
The Association is also ready to invite physically disabled people to participate in the Shillong Arm Fight, and encourages others to come forward to participate in the Shillong Arm Fight. Fight-All India Championship 2023 and also to take it as an opportunity to showcase their talents.
The POCSO Court on 6th November, after hearing all the evidence, sentenced Dilshad to imprisonment for up to 20 years with a fine of T.30,000 under Section 6 of the POCSO Act. One year imprisonment with a fine of T.10,000 under Section 506 IPC.
According to sources, the owner of the coal mine is Shiningstar Dkhar from Sutnga village while the Sordar is still on the run. The police are conducting a search operation to arrest him.
Wallam Lyngdoh Kynshi replaced Raj Biswa while Punit Bisht was appointed captain.
In the fourth match, Mawpat Sports Club beat Mawkriah Sports Club 6-0
He said that the cooperation between the Indian and Bangladesh Army (BGB) is progressing and there is joint patrolling on both sides of the Zero Line.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, the President of the Mawkhar Youth Association, Bah Daniel Syngai said that the Mawkhar Youth Association alone cannot do anything, but with the cooperation of all. One group will be able to smuggle drugs out of the state.
The Commissioner of Food Safety on July 26 announced that the ban on the sale of imported fish has been lifted from July
We need to end this behaviour,” said Bah Paul.
Shillong, March 13: There are 318 cases of child abuse pending in court.
He teaches Dama, Bangsi, Dotrong, Dimchrang, Chigring and many others.
Paul Danny Kharmudai of Providence School won the Best Karateka (Boys Senior).
He warned that the union will take necessary action if the electricity department does not listen to the concerns of the people.
Such a consignment tracking solution, first implemented at border posts in the west in 2016, and reaching all the country’s major ports now, has reduced the time required to deliver and unload goods at various ports of the country.
After this he was transferred to Namdong to serve as Assistant Parish Priest in 1995-2
The UDA has admitted that it has 15 MDCs after Congress MDC from Mairang Batskhem Ryntathiang left the UDF to support the UDA. Former CEM Teinwel Dkhar has been removed from the opposition by Chairman Pynshngain N Syiem during the power struggle in the House.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Ardent said that he and the party are still demanding for the renewal of the recruitment quota, but Rakkam has criticized that the VPP is playing with fire.
This program was conducted by Maxilyne.
Dr Lyngdoh said it is surprising that there are many Khasi families who do not speak Khasi.
Shillong: Out of the 36 villages in the dispute between Assam and Meghalaya, 30 villages will stay with Meghalaya while 6 villages will go to Meghalaya. Assam.
You don't have to go to Meghalaya to plant trees.
Lamphrang Kharbani is the son of Babu Kingbaswell Khardewsaw who is also the elder of Kalong Langrin Syiemship.
He said that the traders from Assam will not increase the price at all as the market in Guwahati is higher than here.
In fact, the Dorbar Shnongs are the highest authorities in the village administration, these Dorbar Shnongs include all the Khasi residents.
Many synsar farmers say that they can no longer support or send their children to school due to the high price of synsar this year.
Other parts of WGH: The situation in other parts of the district is the same as it was at the time of the power outage.
Therefore, at the SCO summit, Jinping said that SCO members should think about what they hear from abroad as these can disrupt and deteriorate the image of the organization inside the country and It can also collapse once a day if these news and foreign speeches cannot be controlled.
Only their feet have not been destroyed, and if they are destroyed, how long will they be destroyed?
They turned back and said BHOI LAKE which means the place or the country of Sheptieng.
He won a gold medal in the Boys 13 Years Committee event.
She said that the Commission has implemented this policy which has been in place since the beginning until now that any officers who have to take part in elections in the States or Union Territories should not be in their districts or not. You don't have to participate in the election, especially if you don't have a slem in your district.
The Personal Interview is ongoing and within two or three months they will be appointed and after that another interview will be called as we want to complete the appointment this year,” said Prestone.
The party also urged the people to be vigilant against those who promise such things and not to believe without checking whether it is true or not.
He opened the first press (1896) which was a great achievement, the Ri Khasi press.
The incident occurred at 11 pm last night and he shot 4.5 bullets at the truck driver.
“Paidbah Mawkynrew, I want you to be strong because the upcoming elections will have many challenges for you.
Niraj Rana and Victor took three wickets each.
This was announced by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong.
“To have a strong and healthy body we need to eat a variety of vegetables that the environment gives us and to get them we should not destroy the environment, but we should to keep it clean”, said the DC and their plate should contain a variety of jhur in the shape of a sim-pyllieng.
On the other hand, the Symbud Myntri of the State Government told reporters that the construction of the casino gaming center near the border with Assam has been temporarily suspended. Three persons including Sajan Gopinathan Nair, Saurabh Khandewala and Ratul Sethi who have received a provisional license to operate the shooting range.
Shillong: Due to the urgent need for resuscitation after the birth of a child, it is important to get treatment during the newborn period.
In connection with the accident, the police rushed to the scene and took all necessary measures.
Speaking to Rupang , the General Secretary of the Meat Traders Association , said that the union expresses its surprise at the silence of the Government and the failure to explain anything about the situation of the land. ot doh ha Mawiong, which they learned that the construction of the site is in progress.
Nongpoh: Former MDC from Nongpoh Constituency, Rona Khymdeit, together with the President of the BJP in Ri Bhoi, Pastor PW Pnar and others, have decided to join the Congress.
“In other developed countries, these are no longer issues to be discussed because they are enough but in our region, these are important issues,” he said.
In the petition, the union said that the construction of the road from Mawshynrut to Hahim, Athabari was carried out by Bimal Kumar Agarwal and the work has not gone according to the DPR. RNS&SWA Bah D.Diengngan, said that during the inspection of this road, it was found that many of the works done by the contractor are not in accordance with the DPR including the cleaning of the road and the cleaning of the road. color and so on.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 27: The KSU Mawshynrut Circle has decided to strongly oppose the Assam government's plan to build a military base in Mawlan village in Langpih district. The Assam government has not taken any action on the proposal of Assam to set up the military base within the border of the state.
Mynsynram Constituency was one of the constituencies that applied for Civil Sub-Division after the independence of Meghalaya in 1972 during the rule of the APHLC Government.
The following sites have been identified in Meghalaya for the project: Barapani, Cherrapunji, Mawsmai, Shillong and Lalingtop.
Jemino Mawthoh owns a house and land of 1,850 square feet at Mawdiangdiang, Lumheh worth T.28,30,0
He added that cleanliness is not only the responsibility of the village leaders, but it is the responsibility of every resident.
“On this incident, police have arrested two persons involved in the robbery and the search for the perpetrators is ongoing,” he said.
He said his goat was injured and could not walk, did not eat the next day and did not know anyone.
The group, which claims to have 37 members who are educated and unemployed youths, has shocked many parents who send their children to St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School. School and St. Anthony's LP School, Laitumkhrah.
The tests will be conducted rapidly in the city, which has a population of nearly 20 million Chinese, after a serious outbreak of a meat and fish market, known as in the Xinfadi market.
Let us look and examine these events that have happened, according to the Word of God.
In the presence of Saljagring M Marak, Principal of the school, teachers, students and others were invited.
You have to be responsible for what comes out of your mouth when you speak.
The union urges the government especially the Health Department and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to take action regarding this CHC, to provide for the needs of this CHC, so that it can provide good service to the people.
Shillong: The fire brigade has started working across the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
We believe that those who enforce the law will take the necessary action.
You can't help yourself.
In the past few days, the state of Nimroz, too, has been captured by these militants.
At the same time, Khan said that the robbers will be punished according to the law and the rights of the family will be restored along with compensation to the relatives of the family.
“We have not yet completed the dam of Umiam Dam, as it has not been able to generate much electricity and we expect more rainfall in these days,” said the Chairman of MeECL. The fire extinguishing will be less if there is a lot of rainfall in Umiam Lake except in the evening.
Access to water through mechanisms frees women and young girls from having to carry water to supply their homes.
When asked whether the Government will implement Rope Ways to reduce the traffic jam, the Minister said that the Government has not yet thought about this although there is concern about the heavy traffic jam in Shillong. However, if there is an urgent need, the Government will find ways and means.
He said that it was his hard work since he was a child, by working as a juti maker, making flowers, teaching school, taking tution to earn a living.
As a reminder, even the Government has banned people from taking rent during the lockdown.
The Government has also ordered all its employees not to miss work on these days of the announcement of the NCO. At the same time, the Government through the Chief Secretary has promised that those who The employees or officers who do not work during these two days shall not be paid.
Other parties within the MDA should also propose their own names if they have candidates but if they don't have candidates, it would be better for them to consider the names proposed by their colleagues and decide only. to one.
Within these years I have experienced and discovered many new things in life.
He praised the cooperative society led by Fr.Sunny for trying to promote trade in the rural areas by collecting marrep.
Everyone will not escape the hand of God, will not escape the judgment at the judgment seat of Christ, how much more will he judge all the wicked? “For we must all appear before the judgment seat of Christ.
It is through them that skilled students will emerge who can lead the state in good governance.
It was complained that the traffic jam in this area has affected the traffic of the people and has also affected the school children who are having exams and the sick people and especially the women who are pregnant and It also affects the farmers especially during these times when the farmers have to sell their rice, soh and jhur in the market, and the parking of trucks on the highway also affects the cleanliness of the morning. drivers have to go to the toilet without finding it.
In this training tour guide, 40 young men and women will receive 12 days training and in this training they will be taught in Rapelling, Zumaring, Knot Practice, Rope Stretcher, Basic First Aid, Trekking ( Practical and Theory) Guide, and others.
Stack the boxes one on top of the other (up to 4-5 rows) or plastic bags on top of each other in a cleaned and humidified planting room.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The AITC candidate from Pynursla Constituency, Bah Edmund Khongngai, on Tuesday said that the allegation that the AITC is a Dkhar or Bengali party shows the short-sightedness of the speakers. It was established not only to serve the people of West Bengal but the people across India.
In a statement sent by Bah John Mawphniang, Secretary of RBPM and Bah D. Shadap, Vice-President of RBPYWO, they said that the reason for their protest was the Out of the 240 Khasi Jaintia Category, only 10 Khasi Jaintia Category have been appointed. The youth of Ri Bhoi District have been involved not only in this department, but also in other government departments.
Film production in Meghalaya has boomed with the advent of new technology, where filmmakers don't need to make reels or celluloids, but can also produce films on social media through YouTube. .
Many programs have been prepared by the BJP and its offices for the whole day which will end on the 15th Independence Day with the raising of national flags in the houses. There will also be a planting of trees in memory of the heroes of the country who died for the cause of independence.
When she opened the door, she found the dead child and immediately informed the school authorities. The Principal took the matter and lodged a complaint with the police with the information of the VDP Nongpyndeng.
Pala recalled that Dr WR Kharlukhi, President of the NPP, had spoken at every public meeting during the 2018 MLA elections, in which he said that Prestone would be the Chief Minister of the country. “But these expectations have been fulfilled on the day of the election,” said the Congress MP candidate.
Shillong, November 12: The President of KSU Umiam Circle has been arrested for allegedly stealing a railway line.
Speaking at the meeting, Kohli recalled the work of Purno A Sangma who led from Lum Garo and became the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
:On the occasion of his 55th birthday, Jamberson Marak from 15 mer Byrnihat, has released three music videos which he has shot himself.
Speaking to media, the leader of the Hynniewtrep people, Bah Donbok Kharlyngdoh, said that on the 13th of July 2021, the people have not forgotten what happened in Mawlai. The soul of Bah Cheristerfield, whom the government itself, had extended a hand of greeting, at the time of his return, was arrested by the law enforcement agencies.
People who investigate the misuse of formalin have said that it has been used to preserve and destroy fish, vegetables and other foods to avoid spoilage even if they are stored like that. good good day too.
The KHNAM MDC said that there is no reason to abolish the constituencies which have existed since ancient times but there is another reason to create them if necessary according to the demands of the time.
It was only after a while of increasing conflict and encounter that the Khasi were no longer afraid.
The Court also directed that besides reporting on the works carried out by the NHAI, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills should file his report on the status of the NHAI. NH-6 from Jowai to Ratacherra.
Naba's return comes after the MCA on Saturday attended a meeting to elect and renew its full-time office bearers. The event was held at La Nicholas Resort, Umbir, Ri Bhoi District.
The 7-year-old boy named Roland Lawai was walking with his friends at Wah Umnamlang where there is a Check Dam which has just been built. From this place he fell into the Check Dam and at this time all the people, especially the women who were cleaning themselves were shocked and lynniar without knowing what to do anything else and this child fell into the Check Dam. begin to sink slowly into the water.
The US Defense Department has accused Iran of being involved in the attack.
Other MLAs from the ruling HSPDP, Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan and Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut constituency, Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri from Mawshynrut constituency. The UDP candidates include Oland Suin from Mawsynram and Mathew Beyondstar Kurbah from Mawphlang.
As citizens, we feel that we have to keep our heads down because of this.
At the same time, Bah Wahlang urged the state government to accept the VAB to end the huri hura.
The incident of Sharma's murder was first investigated by the Pulwama police and later handed over to the Kashmir SIA.
Shillong: “It takes 85 minutes or 10 hours and a half to travel from Sohiong to Nongspung via Mawkneng and this is due to the poor condition of the road which is only tens of km long,” said Bah. SK Sunn, MLA Mawphlang in a letter to the Secretary PWD. In a letter, Sunn said, “Because of the bad condition of this road, I don't want to come back and I have left. from Mawngap Road through Laitmawsiang.
“Therefore, we kindly request you to take the time to be with us on that day.
The Voice of the People (VPP) MLA, Ardent Basaïawmoit on Tuesday said that the people expect that Meghalaya after getting its own state will be ruled by the Lyngdohs. Sangma, Marbaniang, Kharkongor and others but it was ruled by the Kumars.
Furthermore, these companies have brought their own trucks and hired Khasi drivers to become a divide and rule policy because now the JHTOA has started to demand its right to All vehicles of companies carrying clinker and cement.
In addition, the spong khor and the boh khaila like a king, the golden paila standing from the shoulder to the neck, the king's jymphong, the sword and the stieh, the ryntieh of the sword in the ryngkap and other items were examined. I am the king of Tiroth Singh.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng, 26: A woman from Rangthong village has been awarded the National Florence Nightingale Award in the past few months. 2021' where Victorealness Syiemlieh received this award.
They used this tactic only for political gain but when they came to power for the second time, the TMC did not do anything to those farmers, who are living without land to this day, " he said.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has issued this notice to facilitate those PwD voters and Senior Citizen voters who find it difficult to go to the Polling Station to cast their votes due to illness and other reasons. others.
Shillong: The MDCs of the United Democratic Front (UDF); On the second day, they expressed their anger over the state government's failure to pay the share of the tied grand to the District Councils from the central government.
The problem in Shillong is not only for the passengers but also for those who own private vehicles.
He also informed about the development works he has brought in Nartiang Constituency in the last four years which has amounted to more than 590 crore tyngka.
On the evening of the 5th of this month, the VDPs arrested him from Speng Thawlanglam (WKH) and seized 30 cassettes of porn films and handed them over to the Nongstoin Police Station, police sources said.
The R21/Matix-M vaccine was also developed by the Serum Institute of India and is used in Burkina Faso, Ghana and Nigeria.
These are the words I received from one of the two students who came to ask for help to translate their dissertation, who are studying at the Homewell Study Centre, Mawklot.
He also promised that the state government will take action and they will respond soon to the High Court.
During the inspection, it was seen that there are tree planting works funded under the MGNREGA scheme from Jirang C&RD Block and also the pipes of the Water Resources Department of the state.
In another development, the Meghalaya government, in a statement issued today, said that Meghalaya has ranked 19th in the 2013-18 budget; considering the current budget for the year 2018-2
He said that the PHE department is trying to provide various trainings such as mapping, testing, and maintenance of drinking water wells at the same time to keep clean but if the people don't pay attention, it will fail. you are teaching.
At 1:30 pm, the Ri Bhoi East Standing Choir, Nongtluh Mathan Standing Choir and Ri Bhoi Synod Standing Choir performed.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Khliehriat Circle has sent a letter to the Chief Forest Officer (CFO), JHADC and the Divisional Forest Officer (DFO) Jaintia Hills Territorial Division. to demand a ban on the smuggling of all illegal timber species without permits from forests and illegal sawmills outside the State in accordance with the Forest Act.
On the other hand, the teachers of these schools expressed their gratitude after the leaders of HITO have a good desire and intention for the future of the students, not to get involved in alcohol and drugs or to part-time education, but to take education as a sword and a weapon in their lives especially to protect our nation.
Investigation by the members of the union revealed that these mynder were intending to go to work in different places like Shillong, Laitkor, Balat and others without documents. The Inter-State Migrants Workers Act 2011 and the union at the same step has repatriated these foreigners to their place of origin.
As part of the dissemination of the SOPs, film screenings, public meetings, discussions and various competitions were held.
When asked whether the amendment of this scheme will lead to ethnic discrimination, he said, “I don't see such a thing because this scheme is made according to the Constitution and if it is amended according to the Constitution there will be no discrimination. KAS wants that if there is a change, it should bring about the best.
The UDP and KHNAM have left the ARPA, the opposition coalition party in the KHADC. In fact, they said they would remain in the opposition but the UDP has changed its mind by joining the PDF. Jowai, March 11: A man identified as Ram Phawa of Khliehtyrshi village in West Jaintia Hills District has been arrested on Wednesday. killed her ex-husband while she was cleaning in a river on the 25th of this month at 3 pm.
Gajendra Nath Talukdar, 75, retired from government service, lives at Lakhimi Path in Beltola, Guwahati. of the State Bank of India.
Bicky Raj Das scored 60 runs from 33 balls while Raj Biswas scored 46 runs from 34 balls.
According to information received from the National Highways and Infrastructure Development Corporation (NHIDCL), the company has completed the first and fourth sections of the Shillong-Dawki road with a length of 11.60 km and 17.77 km respectively.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: “We have not stopped or stopped the demand for the Inner Line Permit (ILP),” said Daniel Khyriem President KSU.
Drugs have affected the youth and destroyed their future lives and this needs to be curbed.
The Hills Festival, which was held in Meghalaya, was held in
The Lyngdoh and the Waheh Wasan at another place, after eating, held another Chad Pastieh at Thad Square where those who wish to take part in this Chad Pastieh can take part afterwards. After the chad pastieh, the women prepare the food with Tpu laha, rasi, soh and pyrnah pyrjin, the last part of this ritual. on the day of the eating of it in the house of the priest.
“While we accept the Government's intention to demarcate the border, we demand that the Government of Meghalaya should not make a mistake in the demarcation in the second phase.
Seibor Suchiang scored in the 62nd minute and Marbudki Suchiang in the 85th minute.
The District Council has done its duty because without a license how can those Dkhars trade.
From his speech, it is understood that there will be some UDP MDCs who will leave the party soon in these days to show their anger against the decision of the CEC. which party and to which party they will go,” he said.
You may not yet recognize your talent or know exactly what you want to do in your life, but programs like Aspire Meghalaya can help encourage you and give you that clarity on how that ye may know how to set a goal for yourself.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of NEHUTA, NEHUNSA and NEHUSU on Tuesday appealed to the Meghalaya High Court to take action against the violation of the UGC Model CRR. Prof PS Shukla, Vice Chancellor of NEHU.
Zikku Balgra N Marak is the President of GSU.
The killing took place on the eve of the polling day which shocked the people of the area.
Fredrick in his speech said that he had read the book how Eric Bremly Lyngdoh led the Volunteers of NVDA Mawkhar to blockade the Secretariat. You are still the Government of Assam.
“The action of the Council has shocked the people to clean up this river,” said the CEM and added that it will be extended to other places and rivers in Khasi Hills.
Conrad stressed that while the reputation of Meghalaya and its citizens remains, it is necessary to recognize and be aware of the impacts of climate change.
The Committee will arrange the date and venue.
The Congress MLA and MDC Nongstoiñ said that the Congress party will hold a meeting on Tuesday.
This work has been undertaken despite the pandemic of Covid 19, many challenges have been met.
Lamyrsiang SSC and Shnongrim SC won the Super Division Football League match organized by the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) on Friday.
All the residents of Jowai Village are requested to cooperate with the organization for the purpose of preserving the fish in the Myntdu River, so that it will become a living river. This was announced by DH Pede, President and General Secretary of JF&EPA Jowai.
On the other hand, the family members expressed their gratitude to God for taking care of Teimi and nothing happened to him.
The purpose and objective of this program is to raise awareness on the role and responsibility of citizens in relation to voting and public governance.
He urged all those who came to this tournament to be careful and follow the rules without delay until they reach this venue.
He said there are 14048 members to conduct the counting of votes at all 3512 polling stations in all the two parliamentary constituencies.
He also explained about the demarcation of the first phase as Meghalaya has lost about 14,000 to 16,000 square kilometers of land.
Add 10 cups or 100 drops of water and add the Rosehip leaves that have been dried.
There are 11 Digital Villages in Meghalaya and Raliang and Rymbai are the two Digital Villages in Jaintia Hills.
He said that since Doctor C. Sangma has been transferred from the CHC, the patients are no longer interested in going for treatment at the CHC. The residents of the area, said that if the government does not provide doctors at the hospital, the people will not feel comfortable to go because the checking of the patients is not enough. and medicine is not enough.
Shillong, July 12: The political situation in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been discussed in the past few days. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has been accused of dismissing the post of CEM of KHADC and also the issue of alleging that the CEM has an intention to appoint a new EM to the MDCs who came to vote and support him. The PDF said that the new appointment will also include the resignation of three incumbent EMs, including Dy.CEM Bah Process T Sawkmie, EM of Trade and Industry. James Sylliang and EM Forest Department Grace Mary Kharpuri.
We want to know the target on the number of farmers who will benefit from this budget,” he said.
However, speaking to reporters, the Minister said the department will now set up a search committee to find a new chairperson of the Commission.
Meanwhile, the Congress candidate from Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, Bah Kimfa Marbanniang, who went to complete the filing of nomination papers before the Additional Commissioner of WKH, Nongstoin.
Meanwhile, Bah Ardent said that although the HSPDP has nothing to do with Garo Hills, it will go to assist the UDP in any area it needs.
The DMHO has encouraged the parents of children to get the vaccine at the nearest health centers to protect the children.
That's the business tactic of the Khasi.
In Nongthymmai, Madanriting, Laitumkhrah, Umpling and other places, it has been seen that they have been invaded by tribals from Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Nagaland, Manipur, Mizoram and so on. They also have the opportunity to receive the same share as the Khasi Pnars in their own State and the central government offices recognize them equally in employment, education and even in terms of employment, because the term Scheduled Tribe refers to everyone and not only to those from Meghalaya.
So before he ascended to heaven in a cloud, he said – “It is expedient for you that I go away; for the Comforter is not come to you; but if I depart, I will send him unto you.
The MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has moved a motion to change the calendar of the sessions of the Dorbar. to send back the Calendar to the Business Advisory Committee of the Assembly to extend the session.
In the second half, both the teams tried to play well and showed all their skills on the pitch, but by the end of the match they had scored 10 points each.
Shillong, June 11 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in a statement issued on 4th June, has banned Rangbah Shnongs, Ministers and Sordars from participating in political activities. and political parties.
If there is no CMP, we have to ask on what basis these organizations have worked together.
According to a source, the preparations of the village leaders of these eight villages in the Shahalng area including Doranggre, Khymering, Mawbon Agal, Songsak, Mabon Chittu, Nengchigre and Mawbon have been completed. Riangna and Nadonme to lodge a complaint with the DC of West Khasi Hills against these factories after receiving information from the DC that if the villages have any objection to the existence of these factories, they will lodge a complaint against these factories. You can appeal to the DC in writing within 30 days from the date of publication of the notice.
In this era of religious extremists, ethnic extremists who want to rule by force only one religion, one culture and one language, we the citizens must stand firm and stand united to protect the Constitution. of the Country and its fundamental principles.
Shillong, Naitung 10: The FKJGP Seng Kmie today held a CEC meeting at the party headquarters at 12 noon in the presence of all the members of the CEC. The meeting was chaired by the President of the party, Bah Wellbirth Rani and discussed the issue of the railway line at Ronghona Byrnihat, which has been implemented by the NEFR and the State Government. The CEC has decided that the state government should suspend the project until the entry and exit points and check gates and two laws promulgated by the state government are completed. The Government, the Residential Safety and Security Act and the Benami Transaction Act should implement these laws.
Shillong, Nailar 12: To promote the use of traditional medicines such as herbal medicines, the Bio Resource Development Center (BRDC) in collaboration with Santhigiri Ahram, Kerala through the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program (IBDLP) has organized a The Meghalaya Traditional Practitioners Meet 2016 was held at the Ministry of Agriculture in Upper Shillong.
The state government has also received complaints from the civil society.
Nongpoh, March 30: The road from Umsawnongbri to Umklai to Nongpoh has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. Umsawnongbri Circle, with one mind, came out to repair some of the damaged parts.
He urged the people to be patient and ready to cooperate, so that as an MLA, he can continue to work for the welfare of the people living in the area, especially that This area is on the border with Assam.
If the children themselves reach glory in any field, there are no words to describe the joy of parents until the joy of the nations when they receive their children. tip brief tip bleit and in these days many parents are sleeping at night and the reason is that many children have been misled and do all kinds of things like parents who They cannot accept that the desire of their children to become human beings.
The number of cases of esophageal cancer has increased in Meghalaya.
The school is run by the Social Services and Literacy Mission.
“Whether here or in Delhi, we are following up on these outstanding issues in talks with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah,” said the Symbud Prime Minister.
“The Deputy Chief Minister of Nagaland, Pu Y Patton, has visited my residence to congratulate me,” said the Chief Minister of Mizoram.
Shillong: A clash between Khasi and foreign workers at the Shakhambari Ferro Alloy Pvt Ltd factory has broken out after Khasi children working at the factory went to ask for food from their fellow workers. that bar state.
Jaintia Hills does not have any institutions for Graduate Professional Courses and although other districts have institutions like NEHU Shillong and Tura Campus, NIT, NEIGRIHMS, IIM Shillong and others. Shillong Engineering College, Tura Medical College, Ribhoi and Fishery College Garo Hills but he has not returned to Jaintia Hills.
On the day of the protest against the Kyiad shop, the RBYF leaders also came to protest against the Kyiad shop. They also protested against the proposed opening of the Wine Store in the area, and expressed their disapproval of the Wine Store.
When asked whether he hopes to win from Nongkrem Constituency, Bah Ardent said he hopes to win from this constituency.
In my writing and understanding, knowledge is the source of knowledge in life, which the Creator Himself has given us through the SAP we call, not just that knowledge in school.
When asked about the presence of check gates for foreigners at the border, which the government has set up to check the illegal entry of foreigners, the leader of the He said it is true that the government has set up gates at the border to check the illegal entry of other ethnic groups, but even if there are, they cannot detect all those who come. enter the state.
The first is the conflict in the two District Councils in GHADC and KHADC, where in GHADC the term of office of the current EC has been extended to three times which has reached more than one year. The Government has approved the Administrator's appointment but the Governor has not yet responded.
He said that the police have not counted even the women and many of those who have been injured just because they opposed the company's plan to expand the dewbilat factory which the residents found that This has affected the cleanliness of the environment from the water to the air through the presence of this factory in these years.
“If it hadn't been for our debt to the future generation and our children, I wouldn't have come forward to join hands and I wouldn't have been one of the guardians of the science that has been forgotten. We don't want this to happen. We came out to create the VPP to go to the people to explain the need for clean governance and responsible governance. ," he said.
The Seng also feels that such articles published in this textbook are also a counting of dewthala and disrespect to our Jaitbynriew as a whole, as it has also affected the feelings of many churches.
Shillong: Police today raided the residence of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on the morning of 13th July 2021 and raided the residence of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew. It is also about the incident of bomb blasts in East Jaintia and East Khasi Hills.
My works and activities will speak for themselves.
The union also reminded that this issue was brought up by the MLA of the area at the discussion table but nothing has been believed and nothing has been done yet.
Therefore, it is necessary to eradicate this evil from the society.
In the Under-14 boys' category, the final will be played between Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School and Assam Rifles Public School at 11 pm.
Megadeth is an American metal band, formed by world-class guitarist Dave Mustaine after he left Metallica.
Dr Ambedkar insisted that true freedom does not end in democracy.
For example, in 2017, Parajoy Guha Thakurta, editor of the Economic and Political Weekly, refused to resign from his post because the owners of the newspaper forced him to resign. He said that the Narendra Modi government has awarded a contract worth Rs 500 crore to the Adani Group of Gujarat.
Regarding the tuition fees of the children at Seiñraij Secondary School, Seiñraij Higher Secondary School as well as Creche and Play School run by the Women's Welfare Organization of Seiñraij Jowai, it has been decided to forgive for two months.
Mawlai, who had high hopes of winning the Shillong Premier League (SPL) title in 2022, turned around in the final semi final. They have achieved their goals and dreams by defeating this team from West Khasi Hills District.
Three beneficiaries of the JJM scheme from East Khasi Hills have been invited from East Khasi Hills. and Ri-Bhoi District.
Supporting the motion, VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit, questioned the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) signed between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and the Chief Minister of Assam. whether it shall stand before the judgment seat.
FKJGP leaders who attended the function included Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of the Central Body, Elton C. Wajri, Assistant Secretary of the FKJGP. Unit with other members of the organization.
He said it is good for the government to train the officers of the departments to be like missionaries so that the mission of the government can really benefit the people of the state.
To meet the Home Minister after X-Mass, then after New Year and Republic Day, then after the Delhi elections, then after the session of Parliament and so on.
The Son of God was born into this world through the Virgin Mary Cain.
“We congratulate the people who have supported the curfew and urge them to continue to support the upcoming protests,” said Frederick. monday.
“Now it's enough for you.
They said that every day there are people who stay overnight to open shops but as it was Saturday night everyone has left home, so there were no injuries.
And then the right of ownership will stand firm and the nation will strengthen its ownership and mastery in this land of Hynniewtrep forever and ever while this world can sustain living things.
However, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah acknowledged that the Enforcement Directorate of the Union Government has sought information from MeECL on the implementation of this scheme to distribute electricity to the villages of the State from
“The entry-exit points, which have been named Facilitation Centers (FCs), are to register the entry of foreigners into the state and this is for the benefit and protection of the foreigners. It provides services such as ILP at entry-exit points to visitors to the state as well as residents of Meghalaya.
He also expressed his confidence that the NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh will win the upcoming Lok Sabha elections with the support of the people of Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
BJP leaders from Lakhon Biam MDC, Shaphrang Lyngdoh, Dawan Lyngdoh, MDC, Moonlight Daw and Pramood Kumar Jain met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District on the 27th of this month on the need to prevent and implement the directives of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Government to fight against the Coronavirus.
Regarding the investigation report, TUR said that it is not because the investigation does not want to investigate or answer the question whether the murder of Bah Cheristerfield was a premeditated murder.
The train will carry 1250 passengers.
The British Government under the leadership of Sir David Scott fought against the aspirations of Pa'iem Tirot Singh and joined hands with the enemies of his kingdom.
On the other hand, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State, said that the people should not think that Bah Balajied is young in age and said that he himself is younger than Bah Balajied. Balajied, who is old enough to return to the post of Minister of State, urged the people to allow this young man who has learned well, to be their leader to bring them back. changes in the constituency and in the state as a whole.
The incident happened at 10 pm this morning, when the driver of the vehicle was standing on the road and himself was leaving the road, but at such a time , the tree suddenly fell and hit the vehicle, which caused serious damage to the vehicle, but the driver of the vehicle was not injured, as he was not inside the vehicle.
He said that the existence of the Holy Cross Health Center is a testimony to the hard work and dedication of the management of this health center and their efforts to provide services to the people of the area. the area.
Shillong: The teachers of the Khasi Jaintia Deficit School Teachers Association (KJDSTA) together with the GHDSTEA, have appealed to the state government within 14 days to take action on their demands. KJDSTA has decided to protest.
Minister J Nongkhlaw said, “For a long time we have been discovering the secret activities of the Syiem and some of the ministers of the Hima.
The next day, the two old and new Rangbah Shnongs left for Shillong along with another person to meet with the CSWO leaders. Raidna has returned the original Dulir of her land which the office of the Syiem has alleged was forcibly used by the CSWO. If there are any doubts or mistakes, they should come to the table of discussion to discuss rather than to respect the customs and traditions.
In the Veteran category, all teams from Ri Bhoi will be welcome and the players must be 35 years of age or older.
The two suspects were identified as Bah Aiborlang Thongni, 36, of Mawpud village, South West Khasi Hills, and his wife, Rishalin Syiemlieh, 27, of Mawpud village. The victim was identified as Lin from Photjadu village in South West Khasi Hills.
In my work with the UDP Party, I have found and seen that it does not have that future to work for the development of the Constituency, the region and the nation as a whole. “It's because I saw that the party is no longer needed and that's why I and my followers have left the party,” said Bah Swer.
Shad Sa-ngia is a Pnar language.
Earlier in the tournament, Meghalaya had led the group but had to avoid defeat to second-placed Odisha to ensure that they stayed in the top spot.
There were 24,219 voters in this election.
The filing of the petition in the Meghalaya High Court is not to protect anyone but we feel that there is no compliance with the rules in the Lokayukta and there is nothing to hide any investigation”.
Similarly, photographs of the injured victim who have been circulating on social media have also revealed the incident of shooting in which one person has lost his life due to the shooting. Several people from Lawsohtun have been arrested in the past year.
M.Basaiawmot with the General Secretary of the VPP, Dr Ricky.
God warns, saying – “If you turn aside and forsake my laws, and go and serve other gods, I will uproot you from my land, which I have given you” 2 Chronicles 7:19-20.
The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has strongly condemned Ardabiang Suchiang and urged the police to investigate and punish him according to the rules of law.
The Group-D matches will be played in Pathum Thani and Bangkok.
Ecuador started the tournament with a three-point deduction from FIFA for misrepresenting the birth year of Colombian defender Byron Castillo.
Why did God choose Israel? Ong – I did this not for you BUT FOR MY HOLY NAME which you have profaned among the nations to whom you went.
Wahingdoh, which has been prominent in the state in recent years, has suddenly dropped to the second division along with Smit in the coming season.
Speaking at the public meeting, TMC MP Abhishek Banerjee said, “In the next three months, the people of Meghalaya will fight against the present government without any hesitation. to end the four and a half years rule of the NPP-led MDA government”.
One of the Tribal Chiefs (Daloi/sidar/syiem) replied to this rich man, “How can you buy and own the sky from us? And the security of the Land? Is this statement surprising and wonderful? He said that we can own the oxygenated air it produces for us, and the good fresh water to drink.
Sadly and shockingly, such crimes are happening every day in different parts of our beloved Ri Hynniewtrep.
Shillong, Lber 27: Bah Tenny Khongnoh from Langkyrdem village has graduated with Grade “A” in the Search and Rescue Course of the Nehru Institute of Mountaineering (NIM) held at Uttarkashi, Uttarakhand. .
This Act will apply to all MLAs who are MDCs in District Councils who will have to resign from one post.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84556 out of which 82785 have recovered and 1475 have died.
The fare from Raliang, Mookyndeng and Nongkynrih to Jowai will be T.60 each.
The Rangbah Shnong of the village said that this is the fault of MeECL which has not taken action to repair the signs and post lights which have been damaged.
Shillong, July 14: The term of office of Wansuk Syiem as MP of the Rajya Sabha will end soon and the Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the Rajya Sabha MP election will be held on the 7th of June. u year.
Shillong, Nailur 04: A clash between the police and the leaders and members of the HITO, today, after the President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Dkhar together with some of the leaders of the Seng, returned from Sadar. Police Station to respond to the summons, because of the presence of members of the Seng who used to wear ïong, which the police said was their uniform.
Dr Mukul Sangma said that these five MLAs have worked together for a long time, not only in this term, but before this term as well.
The next phase is to start the main activities of the ECD Mission in the villages: work in Anganwadi Centres, what can be done at home and what can be done by the farmers. caregivers, and to organize community camps to provide training and bust in the minds of community members.
“That's wrong, my son said to publish it on the internet, I sent him a letter, but he typed it in Dkhar and it was spelled wrong. " said Mr. Kharsyntiew.
He said that the trucks of the indigenous people have to pay Professional Tax to the District Council while the trucks of foreigners do not pay and besides that they drive without Trading Licence.
We all have one vote.
This was announced by the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh after a meeting with the Organizing Committee to expedite the preparations for the biggest tournament in the state.
Here we see that whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, according to the Bible.
According to Bah Nongspung, the Karbi who fled to their village called for help after they were beaten by the residents of Khanduli.
However, no details have been received for how many months the government has been able to release the salaries of the employees.
Training should be given to young children who are still awake and brave enough to do brave deeds such as shooting birds and damaging animals.
The quality of primary education is the foundation on which society is recognized and by walking on this path, our children have been left behind for no reason. their.
Until now, it is not clear what the illness of the leader of the state government is, although some believe that it is a chronic illness and there is also talk that he needs to leave. He will be treated abroad in the next few months, but there are other reports that he is now stronger and will continue to undergo treatment in Shillong and Delhi.
“Although in the past months, the union has demanded from the NHAI to repair the part of the road which has been flooded, but it is clear that the NHAI has not been able to repair the road. The NH-6 road especially the Tongseng Bridge section has been severely damaged,” said the General Secretary of KSU Narpuh, Samla S.Bamon.
These days, not only the children who are more able to touch and use these devices especially mobile phones and computers but even those children who spend the night on the streets spend the night playing in computer game shops. (Cyber ​​Cafe) and spend time and money playing because it's fun.
He said that others include the assessment of feelings and behavior because there is always a change in the behavior of a person who is addicted to drugs.
Mansuk M Kurbah top scored with 26 runs from 28 balls and Nangshai Nongpluh scored 4/13 runs from 4 overs.
"Well, we're going to pay you 220 tyngka.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that Lumsohphoh Village has been placed under the Micro Containment Zone. to operate from the 16th to the 21st of this month.
He said that the victory of four MLAs in this election has made the VPP recognized as a state party or ethnic party in the state.
“The Government of Meghalaya has started providing financial assistance to the citizens since 2012 through Megha Health Insurance and now in collaboration with Ayushman Bharat has increased the financial assistance,” he said.
Pakistan captain Babar Azam and his former teammate; Mohammad Rizwan has continued to play well, with Babar now moving up in the rankings and his team-mate remaining second in the same rankings. .
Shillong, Nailar 08: The U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 was organized by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Tuesday at the SSA Stadium First Ground, Polo, Shillong. Umrynjah SC and Mawlynrei won the Group A match.
Prestone Tynsong, Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the meeting today decided to conduct the testing at 71 places, for the purpose of testing the people, from part of the covid 19 pandemic.
Shillong: On the night of 1st November 2021 at about 6:30 pm, a Bolero Pickup collided with a truck and a commercial taxi at Waheh Mawpat. The accident happened suddenly while the taxi was driving and the taxi could not control the brakes.
"“The Seng can no longer tolerate such false promises.
The parents of the deceased have lodged a complaint with the police against her husband's involvement in the murder of her husband.
However, he said that the Defense Ministry has issued a notice to close down the illegal houses, but some of the people from this area have gone to court, where the closure has been suspended. these illegal houses should be run according to the rules of law.
Thirdly, if we have to evaluate the character of a leader, we see the strength and maturity of Bah Ardent, not only the courage and understanding. that he stands on a true foundation.
This agreement was launched by Wh.
But now, even if it is not as hot as it was in the north, we see that it is not as hot as it was 30 years ago.
On the other hand, the KSU has raised the question why the District Administrators have been silent on the violence of the Assam government, including the presence of Assam police in Umlaper and Umru. They came and went and discouraged the Khasi people.
“Now is the time for you to pay back Donald Trump, who believes that his reputation allows him to take your daughters, young women, mothers and wives at will from anywhere. part of your body, as he pleases,” said the singer, who spoke and sang again in front of a large crowd.
Angelbeth was arrested on 15th March after she allegedly kidnapped Mohan Pegu to Guwahati from his residence in Lumparing.
If the Dorbar Shnongs are used properly, they can do many things to make life easier especially for our villagers who are facing difficulties especially in getting treatment in hospitals. which are run by the government.
The Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RIDC) has welcomed the return of Dr. DD Lapang to the Congress party.
Three workers from Umroi, Ri Bhoi District have drowned in a pond while working in Mawdiangdiang area.
The 10 initiatives under Mission 10 include promotion of development investment, connectivity between regions and promotion of cross-border trade, urban transformation, utilization of Meghalaya as a tech hub, further increase the income of farmers, empower and include women in the economy, include and employ youth, the State as an ideal destination in terms of tourism, a balanced ecological economy and power generation opportunities.
Journalists should avoid news that incites hatred between people on the basis of religion, race, place of residence or language.
Not only that, but the connectivity in India is very good.
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi on Tuesday night boarded a truck from Murthal in Haryana to Ambala on his way from Delhi to Chandigarh.
Shillong, November 18: Fairlock Ryngksai, 26, and Banteipat Kharnari, 32, have been arrested near Yalana Hotel, Laitumkhrah for shooting at the manufacturers of explosives and explosives of the MTDF. They were tried and ordered to remain in custody for five days under police investigation.
On the shortage of funds in the state from the 14th Finance Commission and the lack of allocation of funds to the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya, the Minister promised that the funds will reach all the states when and if necessary.
The NBAJAC has warned that if the MDA government does not provide a new C&RD Block for Narpuh, it will boycott the 2023 election and set a deadline to submit it before the budget session of the 2022 Assembly. with strong protests from now on to get a new Block.
Few of us understand that Heaven, which we all live in, is God's dwelling place.
Furthermore, the village leaders and the people have decided to knock on the door of James Sangma, Minister of Electricity, Meghalaya to convey the grievances of the people regarding the electricity supply and to demand the electricity supply. Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its regret over the injustice done to the students of the MECF. The special days of the Khasi people such as the Shad Suk Mynsiem, the Pomblang Nongkrem, the Behdeinkhlam, the Seng Kut Snem and the death anniversaries of great personalities such as Pa'iem Tirot Singh, Woh Kiang Nangbah, Sngap Sing Syiem , King Wickliffe Syiem and the poet Soso Tham in Meghalaya especially in the Hynniewtrep region.
Jowai, Nailar 03: The 3rd Division Football Tournament 2023, organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA), was held on Friday at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihbah. Jowai.
The MLAs were at the hotel for two days as part of the Congress's ban on joining the BJP. Singh lodged a complaint against Ganesh. It is said that Ganesh tied the lion with a bottle of kyiad from his head in a heated argument today.
Nongtnger said police recovered two pistols, two magazines, seven bullets, three mobile phones, 21 dry cells and a vehicle.
She said that the market residents cannot take responsibility if the COVID-19 pandemic spreads again through the reopening of the market.
The KSU Education Secretary, Justice Paul Lyngdoh, led a rally with placards to demand the payment of their salaries.
" said Lydia. "Yes.
The AITC has promised to provide more opportunities and to promote income generation, a brighter future, to empower women, to bring peace to the community, to make farmers happy, to improve to improve health, to improve education and to respect the national assemblies and holy places.
Excessive wisdom has made people feel proud of themselves to walk and do whatever they want.
Bollywood reports say that Salman Khan has signed a film to be produced by Karan Johar.
A total of 29 medals were won by the 20 MAKO players from Sub-Junior, Junior and Senior categories.
Youngest Boys FC won a cash prize of T.29,000 and a trophy while Sakwang SC won a cash prize of T.18,000 and a trophy.
“The union has received complaints from the students who apply for jobs at this hospital that they have to go to Jorhat, Guwahati and New Delhi to write examinations and the vacancies are in Grade B and C,” he said. said.
He has been tested positive for covid 19 and the result will be released this evening.
Giving the names of these camps, the BSF chiefs urged the BGB to raid all these camps to track down the insurgents from Bangladesh.
Only 15 kilometers from Nongstoin via the road from Nongstoin-Nongjyllieh-Lawse-Sohparu and Diengsyiang, it is perhaps the worst road in West Khasi Hills District, but it is also a very attractive road for all the people. to see and visit the most beautiful village of Nongkhnum in Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: The final match of the Under-16 Football League 2023-24 sponsored by the Shillong Soccer Association will be between Merinda SC and Shillong Soccer Scout. Merinda SC beat Umphyrnai SC in the second semi final of the tournament at the SSA Ground, Polo.
However, how many of us need to take part in these trainings?
Shillong, Naitung 29: The State Government has been listening for 18 days to the strike by those who passed the Gram Sevak examination from DSC.
He said that after being arrested, they were questioned and asked for the documents that they were allowed to enter the state, but they did not have any documents. They are not from Assam.
Shillong, Nailar 13 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday said it is ready to cooperate with any ethnic party that has the same objectives under the umbrella of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA). .
Jowai, 4 Ialong: U Pualus Lamin (45) of Mukroh village has been arrested by the police after a months-long investigation on charges of robbing a man. until he was about to snier last year.
The Honorable Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, Naba Bhattacharjee, has been angry with the failure to tie the ball earlier.
In a statement, Academic Council Member Prof. Lakhon Kma said that the decision to demand from the Vice Chancellor is due to the reluctance of the VC to called a meeting of the Academic Council despite many requests made by the teachers.
When the MBOSE wanted to send a copy, it found that the characters were different from those of Chemistry and Biology.
AIM Meghalaya should also express its condemnation of the attempts by any private company or government agency to force the people to take the Covid vaccine without their own free will. To violate the laws through the rules, will lead to a struggle against the decisions of the Hon'ble Courts, and especially by standing against the Fundamental Rights of the Constitution of India, according to justice and truth. of the citizens who are the owners of the whole of India between the different States.
“The government should have removed those government employees who are in the area and relocated them to the government quarters of various departments,” said Bah Adelbert.
These districts are East Khasi Hills, East and West Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Garo Hills and South Garo Hills.
Also present at the program was the ADC, Kong DV Lyngdoh MCS as the Chief Guest who in her speech expressed her happiness to have the opportunity to take part in this programme.
So much society has been organized and that the citizens live in fear.
A little about T.Bn.
What we know is that the Israelites did not obey their God, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
Therefore, today, the elders of Nonglwai I and Nonglwai II together with the Sub Divisional Officer and Junior Engineer in charge of the road, went to meet with the management of the company and explained to them that Before they start the construction of this road, they should mark the adjacent parts of each land owner, so that there will be no inconvenience during the construction.
We request you once again to inform your residents who have been affected by the construction of the Border Fencing that they will receive the payment once they receive the money from the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India,” said the letter. DC.The construction of the border signboard in Hungary has been going on since November 2019 where the people who demanded the government to pay compensation because many of their farmland have been affected and damaged. haka sign shiah.
Nongpoh: In order to curb the robbery and especially to prevent the robbery of Assam, which has been happening from time to time in those villages on the border of Meghalaya and Assam, yesterday. Ri Bhoi Police have inaugurated an Anti Dacoity Camp at Rani Jirang.
Besides the football field, an athletics field and other sports facilities have also been built at the stadium.
There have been 37,148 new cases in the past 24 hours and 587 deaths.
He said that according to the World Health Organization (WHO), the death toll is very high but can be prevented.
Shillong: U Ronnie V Lyngdoh, the Congress candidate from Mylliem, has denied that he will have any difficulty in the MDC election to reach the goal only because of the cooperation of MLA Hamletson Dohling and MDC Kong. Thank you Thank You.
Those who cannot read and write are still very many and those who have dropped out of school part-time are very few.
When we set up, many things happen and unclean thoughts arise which lead to taking steps that will affect our lives later,” said Fr.Shylla.
The nation needs such brave leaders and men.
This shows that the authorities and the police department have done wrong.
Similarly, 69 posts have been allocated for Group A and 23 posts have been vacant.
He said that when he found these insects, he tried to treat them with medicines but they did not die.
The Minister said that this is not the first time that a festival or competition has been held on Sunday.
There have also been incidents where a person who was lying ill at home with his wife and children, Government officials came to shoot him dead at home and until now although the investigator has found those shooters. but the Government has not yet taken any action.
Meanwhile, Richhawati, who is a member of the SHG and a leader in the village affairs, heard that the biogas plant which should have been given to their Gram Panchayat (GP) has been suspended. 2021-22 due to lack of land and funds to run this, it has donated and provided 2500 sqphut of its own land for this project to provide clean shetjingshet to the village.
She will explain to them to stay in Kongthong along with the introduction of the Umngap and also to know that the whole world is only the people of Kongthong who give two names to their children.
The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Bill and the Banami Transactions Prohibition (Amendment) introduced by the Government in the House earlier have been handed over to the Select Committee of the House for study before being passed by the House. .
When asked whether there are any clubs or teams which have used the stadium in the past years without paying the fee, Sunesh said that the MFA also has a group. The MFA has tried to find out how many clubs use the ground and if there are others who use the ground without paying the fee, the MFA will have to pay the fee. I will write back to them how much more. If the money is too much, the clubs themselves need to clean it up.
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday heard a petition filed by former CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Latiplang Kharkongor against the implementation of the Administrator Rule (AR) in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). Lat the state.
On 27th July, the Cabinet approved the amendment to the MMMCR,
So far, the Israeli Defense Forces have destroyed 15,000 enemy camps and 300 crematoria, which are Hamas strongholds.
However, he expressed his confidence that the party that won from Ranikor belonged to the synrop group of the government.
In his speech, Bah Kyrshan said that there are several members of 'I don't want to clean' in different places like Mawkyrwat, Mairang, Sohra and Mawynram and Mawsynram is one of the branches. He said that in the past there was only one child who used to clean alone and now under his leadership the village has taken action by sending out the public.
This is the case in all DTO offices.
The raid by the Assam Police, which happened on Saturday, but yesterday that the MLA could not find anyone to inspect, but immediately informed the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and At the same time, he directed the DC and SP of Ri Bhoi District to immediately inspect the area.
Therefore, Kong Kurbah said that it is prohibited under Section 144 Cr.
Titos said that after the announcement by the ECI regarding the date of the election in Sohiong constituency, the State Election Committee (SEC) of the UDP will also hold a meeting to take a final decision on the party's candidate. the Election.
Other speakers at the meeting were the Father of the Church of North India, Ma C Dhar, the Secretary of Mihmyntdu Village, Ma Kmen Shylla and others.
No one can stop God from working and no one can command him.
“The 2011 report on the areas where there is a border dispute is completely wrong and if the prime minister accepts the border dispute according to this report, he is wrong,” he said. Always.
The number of samples sent so far is 1,20,576, 1,15,611 negative and 770 results are pending.
“Regarding Maikhuli, the cemetery used to be used by the people of our state, but after 15 or 20 years Assam has accepted it and our people have stopped using it. “This cemetery is 8 acres, but people are only worried about the 25,000 sqft farm, so how can we solve the problem,” he said.
All wholesalers have been directed to deliver the rice to the shops of the Fair Price Shop Dealers in accordance with Section 24 of the National Food Security Act
This year's theme is “Let's Count the Fish: Saving the Future for the Fish”.
There are also farmers who have their own farmland but are too small and cannot afford to buy their own land.
Most of these breeds have genes in them that they can grow quickly, sprawl and adapt.
Speaking to media, Robertjune said, “The actions of Bah Shakliar Warjri and Bah Methodios Dkhar on that day when they wanted to form a government led by the National Party to appoint a Khasi as Prime Minister show that They are the ones who don't want to and this act of theirs will be remembered forever and will remain in the history of the nation.
Shillong, Nailur 2: The UDP government has decided to postpone the meeting scheduled for tomorrow with the political parties.
Even at this time of income crisis and lack of resources to provide for the needs of the households, ASHA workers have to live a simple life with only a salary of T. 66 per day and uncertainty per month.
Speaking on the death of the deceased, Dr War said that the deceased was identified as Kim Ramvasan Rai, 58, resident of Jhalupara.
xx) The Asmita program is a program that showcases women writers and gives them the opportunity to promote their writings.
The statement today that we should have goals and aspirations will be without the association of those who have the desire to develop others.
The statement also announced the names of the party leaders including B Dwidengra (President), B Rwngwra (Vice President), B Ankhali (Army Chief) and B Bwkhangsa (General Secretary).
He said that this month, his father had a headache and was sent to pray to the Father of the Day and it was yesterday after returning from prayer, that this happened.
Manthan Dey scored 70 runs from 74 balls and Raja Khongwir scored 26 runs from 39 balls.
These include EGH:1, EKH:18, RBD:1, SGH:1, SWGH:1, WGH:3, WJH:1 and WKH:2
He said that although Meiieid Spility has passed away, the KSU still stands firmly against any plans of the Government to mine uranium.
MeECL officials who came to explain on the occasion said that the reason for the lack of electricity supply is that the construction of the 32 KV transmission line is ongoing up to Mawpnar and another is the lack of staff. find it difficult to accurately deliver electricity.
Speaking by phone, Bah Vivek said that the police have conducted tight security to prevent any incident after the incident in the city yesterday.
Shillong: The MDC election 2019 has been the most surprising in the KHADC where many former MDCs have lost this time, up to 15 former MDCs have lost.
But I consider it a valuable opportunity.
TUR also calls on the residents to discuss this bill and to repeal it completely.
The team has also added Michael Neser to its 15-man squad after Josh Hazlewood withdrew from the tournament.
“If the Jaintia people are banned, they will come out, they will sleep on the road and it will not be allowed to drive anymore. street".
On the other hand, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw said that for many years the village of Mawlai Phudmuri has been dreaming of getting its own basketball court on the site of the Forest Department where the Health Park is now located.
With this victory, Umphyrnai and PFR Football Academy will face each other in the final to win the title of the SSA U-14 Boys Football League 2023, which is scheduled to end on the 19th of this month. April 2023, at SSA Ground, Polo.
This was stated by the Vice President of the party, Prestone Tynsong, while welcoming Nehlang Lyngdoh, who has decided to join the NPP party at the party headquarters. Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Tynsong said, “The NPP party has been growing rapidly in the months and days since the addition of skilled leaders to the party. The third time we have been able to hold a meeting to welcome the leaders who have joined the party and such meetings will continue in the future because many leaders will come to join the party. you party".
In a statement, he said that as we are a nation of people who know God, let the 27th of July be the day of his summons so that the sun will set without any anger on the part of the people. but to allow righteousness to prevail and not sin to destroy the nation.
A total of 20,425 thousand out of 25,434 students from 246 schools who sat for the HSSLC examination held at 105 centers have passed this time.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Samuel Jyrwa said that the AFSPA is a law passed by the Parliament. They gave the authority to the soldiers to shoot and kill the innocent people just because of their evil thoughts.
Bah Wallambok Mylliem joined and contested from the PDF in the MLA election last year and came third.
Richard also criticized the Prime Minister for claiming that he is ensuring peace and order in the state by alleging that the recent incident in Phulbari in the violence between NPP supporters and The TMC in which the NPP MDC was involved also mentioned the attack on the teachers who protested violently and said that this shows the true color of Conrad Sangma.
Shillong, July 30: Police have recovered the body of Akun Boro, an employee of the Power Grid Sub-Station Khlieh Riat (EJH). The 59-year-old man has been arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
Even if he learned to read, write and count, we were a little happier than going to people.
This is also a fitting tribute to Dr Sailo who loves music and songs.
He returned to his mother's house under the guidance of one of the herbalists, Bah Donbor Malngiang, who treated him for about 6 months, before being transferred to Bah David Lamin. .
In his speech, he praised the Academy for its ability to bring together writers to see and hear the writings of fellow writers from the Eastern Region of India.
However, after the pressure of the students who used to struggle and who understood the rules of the examination, the center took it back.
There will be no cash prize but only trophies and medals.
Participants are limited to those born from 1st July, 2007 onwards.
However, the relevant government officials have done their part to explain, encourage and encourage them in relation to self-employment.
This attack on the family will put the entire village in great trouble as this is the order of the court.
Speaking to media after leaving the Sadar Police Station, the two leaders urged the police department to complete the investigation as soon as possible so that the contract teachers can get the A fair hearing on the bomb blast during a visit to the main Secretariat office with children.
“We have fulfilled our promise and we will try to reach the most remote areas to bring about sustainable development.
They also said that the party understands that it will not continue to allow anyone who comes from abroad to come to the state, because the party does not want the state to be like that. The union is concerned about the threat posed by the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. added further.
In the fourth match, Sohryngkham Sports Club beat Mylliem Grassroot 2-0
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kanang Lynshiang said that although he has not reached the goal of victory in the 2023 MLA election, he has not given up in helping the people of the area.
Seven Muktiars including Advocate General Amit Kumar, Avijit Mani Tripathi, Rekha Bakshi, Aditya S. Pandey, Shaurya Sahay and Upendra Mishra were represented in the case.
To resolve the ongoing border dispute between the Karbi and Khasi Pnars in the border area over the revenue collection gate set up by the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) at Khanduli, the Chairman of the Regional Committee ( RC) of Assam and Meghalaya will conduct a visit to Khanduli village in West Jaintia Hills District after the celebration of Independence Day.
These phones are sold at a low price or sold at a low price.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 27: The Joel Gatphoh Memorial Synod Higher Secondary School, Nongkynjang West Khasi Hills, today celebrated the Parents' Day with a festival of traditional dances and songs.
Shillong: Manipur needed 270 runs to win the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy on the fourth and final day of the U-19 Men's Cooch Behar Trophy. can set a high goal in the competition.
The incident happened on Saturday, when a commercial Sumo which was heading from Shillong to Guwahati, overturned at the scene and injured five persons. the passengers inside the sumo.
He said that as members and other traders they do not want to join the new association with the agreement that we will continue with the Meghalaya Mining Owners and Exporters Association (MMO&EA) in order to promote them. you shall not buy inheritance in this whole land.
Replying to a question on the demand of UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh that Lahkmen Rymbui should resign as Minister of Home Affairs; “I feel that the incident in Mukroh is not the fault of Bah Rymbui; However, this incident has shocked everyone and it is an unexpected incident and the state government did not expect to face such incidents.
On the other hand, he said that the police are trying their best to curb those routes that used to smuggle coal.
The KNGCSU has strongly criticized the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar for being concerned about the plight of Kiang Nangbah Government College, the oldest government college in Jaintia Hills. .
This is the state of my father, I have many children, I don't have a Christian without a tymmoh Lang pho, I don't have a shitroh. u pynbiet ke, ye shall be ashamed of the tdong heh, and you shall be able to answer them.
At the same time, he urged them to vaccinate their children to prevent serious diseases and to remove the superstition which could be the main reason for their reluctance to send their children vaccinated. son.
Speaking at the celebration of the Indigenous Peoples' Day in Shillong today, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that the indigenous youth should not wait for the benefit or employment only from the Reservation Policy, but shall compete with others.
“The IGP should apologize for slandering the members of the party without finding out the truth,” said the President of the HYC. The IGP's quickness to point fingers at the party is a motive behind the incident.
He said he had asked the government why the smuggling of coal continues without any problems.
There are 342 Harijan households living in Them Ïew Mawlong and the government intends to evict all these households from the area.
We have discussed the implementation of the NEP but there is a fear from the Principals how to proceed because the time is too short and the enrollment of classes for the current term will start soon. In fact, the Principals have accepted the NEP because it will bring benefits to the students but the extension is due. because it is still difficult to implement because it is still legal.
Protests in Sri Lanka have intensified over the removal of the President and Prime Minister of the country; Maldives residents have started protesting against Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa, who has fled to the Maldives in recent days. Maldives, tweeted #GotaGoHome.
Therefore, those who wish to participate should submit their names and collect their Chest No. from the office of DSO Mawkyrwat on or before 11th July, 2023 and no more will be accepted after that date.
“If the district council is abolished, it means that we don't have any special identity as a nation.
Chandrayaan-2, or Moon Chariot 2, launched into space at 2.43 pm off the coast of Andhra Pradesh.
However, most of the time we see only the shouting, writing, not allowing the Dorbar to run smoothly and so on which forces the Lamphang to dismiss.
Before cutting the ribbon and handing over the house to another family, Donald Thabah said that the 46 years of history of the KSU and many issues have been raised. The party has accepted the responsibility that even if the leading leaders are no longer with the party, the party will continue to fight for the country and the nation.
The Special Judge (POCSO) Nongstoin has convicted Beldingstar Khardewsaw for his involvement in rape and fined him ` 10,0
Shillong, Lber 22: It will be a great blessing to the farmers of Jongksha area and the villages in Mawkynrew C&RD Block as a whole as the market will soon be built in this village at a cost of 65 lakh tyngka.
Besides the payment of salaries, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has also paid the Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme (MMBS) and the Meghalaya ASHA Benefit Scheme (MABS), worth T.53 crore which has been pending since which will be released in the state between 2021-2
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang strongly opposes the call for a public hearing to be held tomorrow 7th Tuesday at Umpleng Market, Moolamylliang regarding the issuance of NOC by the Dolloi of Sutnga Elaka to Kong My Please Siangshai and Bah Ajay Shylla for the opening of the wine store.
Regarding the same incident, religious organizations and civil society organizations including the General Assembly Presbyterian Church of India signed by Rev. BB Lamin as Moderator and Rev. Dr. K Lalrinkima, Sr.
“It is essential that we all be united under the leadership of the VPP because it is the only party that has put this issue on its election manifesto,” he said.
The Synrai Session of the Assam Legislative Assembly will start on the 11th of November.
He also took over the responsibility of conducting the great service in literature as the headmaster of the Normal School, because Rev. Hugh Roberts, who was the Headmaster of this school from 1867-1 He left for his country in
As the match went on, the players of Pahammawlein 20Mer Football Club had the opportunity to score twice and which led the team to beat Kongripara SC 3-0
The ABVP requests the university authorities to release the results of the graduates as according to the UGC's deadline of 31st March 2020, the results have not been released yet.
Furthermore, prayers were offered for the families, parents and citizens of the state for the development of their own activities from agriculture and others.
God speaks by saying “let us”, which means that everyone has a part in the creation of man.
However, when talking to some UDP leaders, they said that they are not happy with the decision of the party from Garo Hills to contest against Conrad.
This organization has come to provide food aid to the poor families who are facing difficulties at this time.
