Three years later Bhalang married a young woman with stem skin and short hair.
West Garo Hills beat West Garo Hills 49-32 while East Garo Hills beat West Garo Hills 36-2
What is Scrub Typhus? It is a rickettsial disease caused by the Rickettsiae Tsutsugamushi bacterium and is spread by larval mites.
The Kur strongly condemns this incident which has shocked everyone and demands punishment according to the law.
During the meeting, the Union Minister also had the opportunity to talk to various officers on the implementation of the Aspirational District. Slide presentation on the implementation of various development projects according to the target of the Central Government to recognize those Districts as Aspirational Districts.
Because of their wickedness, the family loses its father or mother and its income.
“From June to June is the highest price of tympew and from Bhoi area too, the price of tympew is no longer available now that many farmers have gone to Assam and because the farmers do not get the price, they have to sell. The price of tympew and kwai will fall,” they added.
I have to set up many places to print Aadhar because in these days because of the loadshedding people who want to print Aadhar are suffering too much. do not come shon.
Through this scheme, they will receive many benefits in times of illness, childbirth and accidents and others.
What happened in Patna, the capital of Bihar, was that the JD(U) leaders vowed that their alliance and relationship with the BJP would soon end. “We have decided to announce our break with the BJP,” said Nitish Kumar, the party's leader in Bihar.
The DHS's request for clarification came after one of the RTI applicants, Bah Disparsing Rani, found through an RTI reply that the amount allocated by the Central Government to assist Meghalaya is still Rs 43 crore.
J Lakiang District Medical Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District in the presence of Khroobok Passah, CDPO Khliehriat Block Kong Ripaia Passah, James Sutnga Working President EJHDFA, R Shadap General Secretary SBSA, teachers and Headmistress of various schools who have helped us to make this tournament a success.
Kong Martha said, “How can she get that money when they leave the house of poverty?
During the inspection, it was found that according to the shallans, the price of piat (a) is T.6500/- per quintal and piat (b) is T.7500/- per quintal. The price of piat (a) shall be T.70/- per kilo and the price of piat (b) shall be T.75/- per kilo.
Amigos FC will face Boca Junior FC on the 2nd and Marbisu FC will face Shillong Lajong on the 6th. Kith United FC vs. Thongni FC on the 13th, Board President XI vs. Nongrim Hills on the 20th and Markasa SC vs. Sawmer SC on the 27th.
In the states themselves, they give one ethnic group across India, up to 50 percent; But we here, the Garo, as one tribe and the Khasi, Jaintia, as one tribe and they get 40 40 and it has been going on for 50 years”.
Riticia Nongbet took one wicket for 18 runs, Debasmita Dutta took one wicket for 28 runs and Sharma took one wicket for 32 runs.
“The true inhabitants of this area are the Khasi, who are known for their cleanliness and cleanliness.
Looking at the ways and means to provide assistance to the poor and low income farmers, so that they do not lose too much.
Shillong, Naitung, 04:The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) on Saturday expressed its gratitude to the Sale Tax Department of the State Government for issuing an order to close shops across the state. They must provide licenses and other necessary documents as per the rules of the government.
Dr. MM Lamare was elected as the Secretary and three MDCs of JHADC including Thombor Shiwat MDC from Nartiang-Umladang, Jesse Suiam MDC from Modymmai and Dawan Lyngdoh from Mynsngat-Khanduli. to become members.
However, she left him and did not want to go with him to Pakistan.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The Meghalaya Boxing Association and the Boxing Federation of India (MBO) have jointly organized the 7th Elite Men's Boxing Championships with the support of the Ministry of Sports. Government of the State of Meghalaya.
The consumption of beef among the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo has also increased and the beef farming industry has also increased, but there is also a lot of import of beef from Assam to supply beef to some markets in Meghalaya. .
Therefore, the government should give special consideration to the schools to immediately release the MCs of the schools to appoint vacant posts so that the schools can run smoothly. Otherwise, the sadness, the impact and the destruction will continue and the smooth running of the education and training of the students will continue to be slow and confusing in some schools. who has fallen into this apot.
Justice Sen served as Assistant Public Prosecutor and Additional Pleader of the Government of Meghalaya from 1997 to
These areas include Nondeiñ to Mawiaban where Pampor was flooded, Nondeiñ to St Joseph Hospital.
Father Albert Thyrniang should be called a priest of Demoncracy, not a priest of Christianity.
The recruitment of these posts outside the police department will greatly assist the police department of Meghalaya.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, informed the Legislative Assembly on 22nd June that the government has spent T.2.13 crore for the implementation of 23 programs at Taj Vivanta and JW Courtyard.
“So far we have sent about 10 to 11 Bills, but all of them have been stuck with the DCA and the Law Department. King.
He congratulated the management of St. Paul Secondary School for creating a beautiful place with trees.
He said that East Shillong is a constituency with a rich ethnic group, on his part, he wants to have special programs to make them know the culture and traditions and to get to know each other.
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) has tested positive for the virus in the Rapid Antigen Test.
Police have registered a case against the victim and both the children were sent to CHC, Sohra for medical examination.
However, the JSU has been monitoring Ayush's behavior and has demanded that the government should immediately remove him from the state quota to study MBBS in collaboration with the Thangskai village leaders.
except in the villages.
“We know that most of the revenue comes from coal and the NGT ban has severely affected the state's economy,” he said.
This doesn't mean that he doesn't love her anymore but the passage of time has made her weak and the khohwah have become unable to walk around the city.
“We will follow up with the Ministry of Home Affairs to expedite this work after the signing of the soskular,” said the DCA Minister. Sangma, Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma said the ANVC (B) has no part in the final agreement with the government.
Conrad led the MDA Government from October 6, 2018 to October 3, 2023, in the presence of the NPP, UDP, PDF, BJP, HSPDP, NCP, KHNAM and independent MLAs. .
The goals were scored by C Nongtdu (10'), M Nongrum (13'), W Marweiñ (23'), M Songthiang (29') and F Sympli (58').
Of course, we are not talking about changing it again because it is impossible, but to resolve this issue completely on the NEP-2020 so that we can conduct the examinations in a smooth manner as well as to prepare the syllabus. 'for 3-8 semesters'," he said.
The states with the highest number of cases are Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Chhattisgarh, Karnataka, Madhya Pradesh, Kerala, Gujarat, Tamil Nadu and Rajasthan.
Pohkseh beat Golflink 3-0
They admitted that they did not see any doctors from 17th July to 22nd July.
Thus, in this year's budget, up to T.1.75 crore has been allocated through the Arts and Culture Department.
Rangbah Sungoh urged the youth to focus on their studies and also in mathematics.
However, to publish dozens of news stories about my illness is a political ploy, which we all know is coming from here”.
In the rural areas, including Sohra and Pynursla Civil Sub Divisions, 50 percent of the vehicles will be allowed to travel during the day. that they open grocery stores.
They also alleged that the cause of the fire was due to the fall of the electrical wire inside the house. MePDCL.The residents of the village had to watch and could not help, as it is an area where fire trucks cannot reach the fire station. which also caused the house to collapse and turn into a fire.
Sharma was rushed to the hospital.
“I have often brought up the issue of boundary settlement in the dorbar, but one thing I would like to remind you that although I have brought up many times, there are times when I feel sad and happy but mostly I feel upset.
Both of them loved and respected each other when they were in the Congress party and changed the government head-to-head while they wanted Bah Lapang and Bah JD Rymbai. too.
Cornelius Suchiang scored two goals (14, 68) and Dangri Phawa (78) while Ebres Marboh scored the first goal for Mawsiang FC.
Trebok Talang won the title of Mr Cherry Blossom, Aman Passah won the first runner-up and David Lalrinmawia won the second runner-up.
After a meeting with the District Administration , the residents of 11 villages have decided to take 27 Rots to Aitnar , Tuber with iong flags to They expressed their regret that they have not been given leave for their work in their own village but for the work of others.
in ).
KSU Mawroh Unit strongly warns contractors and private individuals who bring foreigners to work within the boundary of Mawlai Mawroh, to provide along with proper documents such as Work Permit, and warned that if it finds anyone who violates, the party will take severe punishment.
When asked why the students were sent to buy books from school, the sister said that the bringing of books inside the school will make it easier for the students and parents not to spend time going here and there to search for books, because all the books taught inside the school will be available from the school through the delivery of booksellers.
Sunita Ahuja, Govinda's wife, today announced that Govinda has tested positive for the virus.
Many results for the posts of Gazetted Officer have been released.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh, on Tuesday said that the state army together with the central government troops will be involved in strengthening the implementation of the peace-order in the conflict-torn state.
He said that the central theme of the party is to look after the uniqueness of the nation to preserve the customs and traditions, culture and to develop the people. spah the uniqueness of the Khasi people.
“Although the UDP leader Bah Metbah Lyngdoh has taken the lead, Bah Hek has led the party against the party he represents.
The AGP is a synrop group within the BJP-led government in Assam but as soon as the Bill was passed in the Lok Sabha, the party left the government.
JSU President Lawyerson War urged the members to be united and steadfast in working for the good of the nation.
Havildar Bitharstone R Marak, who was involved in the supply of weapons to the GNLA, is currently in jail in Williamnagar.
The final will be played in Shillong.
The union today met with the Principal of the school, LP Shah and threatened the teacher in front of the Principal with a warning.
He said that along these roads, there will be stages for the talented people to perform music and songs.
The BJP reminded Bah Pala that at the Christmas program held at the Prime Minister's Residence, Narendra Modi had given great praise to Jesus Christ and his teachings.
There are also some places in China that do not require a visa and China has declared such places to be free entry without paying or carrying any visa. type of syndrome.
and the people of the king who shall come (Roman Emperor Titus) shall destroy that city (Jerusalem) and that holy place (the Temple of Jerusalem).
Three BJP leaders, including the MDC candidate, on July 7 joined the Congress under the leadership of Deborah Marak.
“This is also the reason for the price increase in our state,” said General Secretary of the HYC SengKmie Bah Roy Kupar Synrem in a letter sent to the Chief Minister.
It is understood that the District Councils have promised to take action on their demand.
There were more than 30 shops selling fish and agricultural products sold by farmers from all over the state.
(v) There should be an understanding between the various cabinets. (vi) The law should be implemented in accordance with the expectations of the people and the government department should ensure that this is achieved. (vii) To monitor the economy of the country (viii) to monitor the need for infrastructure in various forms and in funding (ix) to implement schemes, as per the timetable and (x) to establish a stable and effective government.
Ma Lakhon was speaking at a public meeting at Khanduli Market on Tuesday to seek the support of the people for the MDA joint candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh is the symbol of the UDP party.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Donkupar Sumer, Chairman of the JAC of Land Owners Shillong Western Bypass, said that a group of land owners in Ri Bhoi District including Sumer area have taken a firm decision to They protested against the claim by MeECL that the areas affected by the state government in the construction of the Shillong Western Bypass road are under the jurisdiction of this department.
I don't have the courage to drive a stupid driver.
On 11th November 2019 at 11:30 pm, the Anti Narcotic Task Force of East Jaintia Hills under the leadership of SP Khliehriat Vivekanand Singh IPS arrested Amos. Malang, son of Victor Dkhar from Khliehriat near Dkhiah, was found with drugs and several empty tubes suspected to be heroin weighing 0.46 grams.
Nursing.
The Dorbar Shnong Moolamylliang has announced that on the 3rd July 2021, it will cancel the Christmas decorations, which have been decorated throughout the village.
Nongpoh, Lber 22: The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People today demanded that the government should release the funds for the implementation of the MNREGA scheme in all the villages as many of the villages in the Ri-Bhoi district are facing and have to suspend their work due to lack of funds.
The Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) has set up a tax collection gate on the border with Khanduli village. within the boundary of Khanduli village.
Shillong: Officials of the Election Commission of India (ECI) led by Chief Election Commissioner (CEO) Rajiv Kumar have arrived in Meghalaya to inspect the election commission of India. The state is preparing for the Assembly elections to be held in the next few months this year, after the term of those MLAs elected in will expire on October 15, 2023.
“We have requested for the establishment of a Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) headquarters in Agartala.
As mentioned above, the Mawbynna, Mawkynthei and Iew-puja were established during the reign of Ksan Shillong and Bor Manik Syiem Shillong when the two Himas, the Hima Mylliem and Khyrim were still one Hima. .
Ma Lakhon Biam is the current MDC of Nangbah and has also contested the 2018 MLA election.
It is a right question how the righteous can die like the wicked.
Grace Mary Kharpuri of Nongshken has won as an independent MDC and has now joined the PDF while Blanding Warjri of Mawthadraishan has won from the HSPDP and has now joined the PDF. KHNAM MDCs who have left the party are Process T Sawkmie to the Congress, Latiplang Kharkongor to the PDF and James. Shillong, Nailur 03: Teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA School Association (MSSASA) have alleged that the government is the most slow to create stories in the state because it does not have a single teacher. she was especially successful in education.
Therefore, the union hopes that the CS will take action for the betterment of the people and to reduce the waste of government funds.
It is necessary for the state to have a Tribal Sub Plan (TSP) on how to prepare for the drafting of a new resolution, which is unanimous and impartial.
“We should not criticize or belittle people with tuberculosis but we should support them so that they can be encouraged to fight against the disease and get better faster,” said Dr. Speaking at the World Health Day celebration organized by the State Tuberculosis Office in collaboration with the District Tuberculosis Officer, West Khasi Hills District on Friday.
Police are continuing to investigate Bernard after they seized firearms, explosives, arrested 73 people from his house and rescued seven children. A boy and a girl from one of the rooms where they were kept in the house.
" said Maheh.
These boxes may be those in which the soh will be transported to distant places such as Calcutta.
Former Manipur Chief Minister RV Mingthing, a prominent Tangkhul Naga leader, passed away on Tuesday at the age of 92 at his residence in Manipur. Kuirei village in Ukhrul district of Manipur.
The residents of Mission, Mawkhar, Wahthapbroo villages will meet at Motphran and Riatsamthiah, Wahingdoh and Umsohsun villages will meet at Umsohsun Bridge at 10:30 pm. In another news, it was reported that on the 2nd of November, 2015; The Rangbah Shnongs have sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma signed by the General Secretary of the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep, Bah RL Blah.
He said that this day will encourage all of us to move forward and lead us to the achievement of our goals.
To achieve successful and equitable governance depends on the understanding and responsibility of all citizens by fulfilling their duty to elect new leaders to the Legislative Assemblies by going to the polling stations when There are elections to elect leaders without any selfish interest but for the good of the state and the country as a whole.
Tynsong said the NPP will meet soon to discuss the issue and said the Indian government has not taken any advice from the leaders of the North East. Before deciding on the matter, he said that the Act should have included a provision that it will not apply to the North East.
Police are investigating the incident.
There is no longer any forgiveness for the longrynïeng ka manrynïeng of women, and just because they belong to another race, the crowd has committed an unthinkable bloodshed.
However, somehow the empty space appears like a lightning bolt.
In a statement, the Chdooh Ri Jaintia Wamaya said that the JHADC has passed the Bill in its Legislative Assembly held on 25th October, 2015 without consulting or informing the public about the Bill. .
For Christians, Sunday does not end with going to church to serve and worship God.
“From this fund we will assist in the construction of hospitals and provide medical equipment to hospitals in Assam.
And Jesus said unto him, This day is salvation come to this house, forsomuch as he also is a son of Abraham.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Government, Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that the Opposition in the State Government will do whatever it can to empower the MDA government led by the Chief Minister. K Sangma to withdraw the petition against the order of the Meghalaya Lokayukta in the State Legislative Assembly.
Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District Bikram D Marak was the chief guest and distributed the prizes to the winners in the presence of WJDBA President and Secretary James Pohsngap. in addition to others.
How clean? The holy one is born again.
Even the affected farmers have gone to meet the contractor to discuss the damage to their farmland, but the contractor has not responded to their complaint. These are the farmers, said L.Sungoh.
However, this training visit is no longer an initial training visit, but a reminder of what they have learned in the past few days.
Bah Phanbuh said that in this incident, he was able to take out only a box of money that he used every day, along with gold and silver, while there was nothing, but other items were not. the Bible is also not a source of inspiration.
It is important to note that india is a country made up of many small states, like the United States, which also includes many small states that have been combined.
The State Government has said that in the past few days, it has appeared in the newspapers that the Minister of Home Affairs has asked the residents of Nongsohbar village in Ri Bhoi District to appoint a special for The residents of this area have been arrested for various activities outside the Nongpoh District Jail.
The JHTOA took this decision at a meeting held at its office at Tuber Takhniang, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
Nongpoh: Speaking at a meeting with the MLAs and MDCs of Ri Bhoi, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, on Tuesday said that it is not difficult to bring about development in the district. MLA and 5 MDCs will work together for the welfare of the people in Ri Bhoi and especially to discuss the problems of the people in those rural and border areas.
The Pynursla MLA said that initially the work will not be sufficient but gradually all the necessities will be provided as it is like building a new house and as it is now the office has to be built. with a temporary office and it will take some time to bring in a full-time office and staff.
In the Mawpoin tournament, the winner will receive a cash prize of 5000 tyngka and the runner up will receive a cash prize of 2000 tyngka.
He said that while the repairs are ongoing, the construction of the new road will also go hand in hand.
It may be recalled that the former Chief Minister and current Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma has expressed his regret over the spread of heavy weapons which shows that there are still armed groups in Garo Hills. He received training from ULFA-I leader Dristi Rajkhowa before surrendering to the South Garo Hills Police.
In the third match, Luti Tuber Ialong beat Saiñdur Mihmyntdu 3-0, while in the fourth match, Sailung Ialong beat Mulang 3-1 by tie breaker. Hello.
Set a goal to look like a winner and not a loser.
It is said that there are many crematoria inside the crematorium and while the water is being pumped, it is coming out because it doesn't come out from one place,” said Prestone.
The GSU also praised the government for implementing the Roster System as directed by the court and implementing it according to the Reservation Policy.
The NPP in Garo Hills has won 18 seats out of 24 constituencies, while in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, which has 36 constituencies, the NPP has won only five seats. win.
Shillong: The Voice of the People's Party (VPP) today announced the name of Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon as the party's candidate for the Shillong Seat 2024 MP election.
Maharashtra has 16,758 cases, followed by Gujarat with 6,6
In a statement, Dr. Valli Manickam, Director, CIPS, urged the government officers who took part in the award ceremony to come and select and evaluate new initiatives that will suit their circumstances. States of Union Territories.
And when it was too late, the people fell down, and fell down, and fell down.
“The villages of Pynursla area should be proud that not a single case has been registered in Pynursla,” said the SP East Khasi Hills. Take part in the society so that such incidents (protests) do not happen in the Pynursla area as happen in parts of Shillong and other places.
The negligence of the government authorities or those government officials who are the indigenous people has led to the decline of the mynder in this country of Hynniewtrep, where now perhaps even the indigenous people themselves have become ritpaid inside. in your own state or in your own land.
God has placed in man all the necessities, and one of them is to “BELIEVE”.
The party also congratulates the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, the MLP 3rd Battalion Delhi and the Resident Commissioner of Meghalaya House.
“It is true, you who have known such a thing, it is good to ask for advice from him.
JOWAI: Although the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress are political rivals, in the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District (JHADC) they will have to become friends and sit together in the opposition.
The people enjoyed the election song of the TMC party, which was played before welcoming these leaders who will join the TMC party on that day.
The total amount of 8,15,386.635 metric tonnes of coal has to be auctioned according to these rules.
Anto Akkara is a well-known journalist who has produced a documentary entitled “The Voice from the Ruins of Kandhamal.
"Hep said. "How are you, Lydia?" Hep asked Lydia, “If you go like that, I will come with you.
Shillong, Sohra and Barapani The humidity in Shillong in the morning is 91% and in the evening it is 98%.
It was also decided to establish the Higher Education Council of India (HECI), which will be the only body to oversee the entire education system at this level as well as the qualifications of teachers.
Not only that, before entering the meeting room, no one was allowed to carry mobile phones and all mobile phones had to be turned off and handed over to the guards in another room.
" The man looked at her and said, "You too have come.
It can be noted that this work has been delayed for decades since 1978, even though the Khasi language has been fully developed according to the requirements of the Shnat Korbar-Ri of the Central Government including the Department of Official. Languages; and there are also areas where the Khasi language has violated the rules laid down for recognition in Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
However, he wants the NPP to win the MP from Shillong so that it can bring about development in the state, as it has a close relationship with the central government.
On the other hand, the table of judges said that at this time, the discussions will go smoothly but the parties will be allowed to meet as proposed.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: Shillong Lajong FC started their MSL campaign with a glorious victory over Lumdiengngan FC 10-0 Group C match was held at the MDSA Ground in Mawkyrwat today.
Time passed and our conversation lasted for 15 minutes.
It may be recalled that the Swimming Association had taken part in the opposition to the same hearing on 19th March 2019, where the plan to hold the meeting, failed due to strong opposition from the 6 KSU, JSM, JSU, STIEH, UHM together with the people.
This was announced earlier in the Meghalaya High Court during the hearing on the matter on 8th November.
He said that the establishment of this department will not have any impact as the annual cost is only T.12 lakh.
It is said that the woman has spread the matter through the media without discussing the issue of the village.
Jowai, July 06: A meeting was held today at the Conference Room of the Deputy Commissioner's Office, West Jaintia Hills District, to discuss the collection of taxes from vehicles and motorists passing through the Toll. Gate Ialong/Pasyih between the leaders of the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA), Jaintia Student Movement (JSM), Ialong Village Leaders and NHAI employees. The Toll Gate at Ialong/Pasyih has been decided to ensure that the owners of vehicles from West Jaintia Hills District do not have to pay tax when passing through the Toll Gate at Ialong/Pasyih.
They also met with the residents of those villages, Village Authorities, District Councils and others involved in the demarcation process.
Adding on the increase in the price of silver materials, he said that those who receive contract work such as bridges, government buildings and other works which have to use silver rod, prek and dewbilat will They don't want to work anymore because even if they work well, they don't have to pay for it.
Bah AL Hek, Minister of Information Technology, Government of Meghalaya, will be the chief guest.
“Many leaders come and go but the KSU stands firm on the basis that it cannot be taken away from the hearts of the members of the party even if they are no longer in the party,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On Monday, five new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, one person died, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 in the state to
Therefore, we urge you government employees to do the same, to strengthen and support the demand for ILP. Isn't it the tax and fine that you and I pay? Finally, all members of the nation, including you and us, must fight without hesitation and without hesitation in relation to the demand for ILP. One by one as a nation we must move forward.
The Squash World Cup 2023 has been held in two parts, the first group stage and the second stage of the knockout/classification stage.
Nongpoh: A day after the government officials from Assam together with Atul Bora, MLA Dispur, came to inspect the villages of Pillingkata and Barapathar. They have visited these villages, which are still under Meghalaya, in order to find out the truth about the infiltration of Assamese in these villages.
“Earlier, the terrorists used to come to my house and eat food, when I was not an MLA, but how can I do it?
The Soo Langdoh Dorbar held on Sunday at Lariang Square, Ialong Square has announced the date of Behdikhlam of the Raij Chyrmang, Jowai, Tuber and Ialong.
In this New Year celebration programme, the HYM has organized 120 villages in Nongkrah, Nongpoh as part of its service to the people and especially to the poor families. blankets to poor families and many clothes for children, youth and elderly so that they can welcome the New Year 2020 in peace and happiness.
He said that the state government had registered these contractors last year with the BOCWWB and in Umpling alone, there are 300 contractors. They demanded that the government should pay T.5,000 each to these workers from Umpling.
It doesn't matter whether the beginning of the cleanliness in Shillong is from any village or town.
Speeches were delivered by the Spokesperson of AAP Nangaland and the State Co-Ordinator of Assam. which is not yet slow and time consuming.
He said the state government has also applied for a loan of up to T.1,000 crore from the Asian Development Bank (ADB) to implement schemes related to the provision of health facilities. has state.
On Saturday, he also held a meeting with the candidates of all 59 constituencies.
If the government can implement this scheme as targeted, the number of people who will benefit from this scheme will be about 6825 households from 39 Block in the State.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has passed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bill 2018 in the Legislative Assembly on 25th November.
Your Sohkha Govt.
This comes at a time when foreign deposits in Swiss banks have fallen sharply to 1.32 trillion Swiss francs (or $1.56 trillion or T. 90 lakh crore) by the end of FY13.
Besides, Bah Nongkynrih said that such incidents of cheating money from the people are not new, but they have happened in the past.
In the next few days we will receive an order from Central, because we cannot act against the party,” he said.
She said that the Shillong Municipal Board through the DAY-NULM project is implementing this project through the RO (Resource Organization) which is the MSDS to set up SHGs in the areas under the jurisdiction of SMB and around Shillong.
xii) The Samvatsar Lectures which selects a prominent Khasi writer to give the lecture.
EM Suciang, DAO, said that these Power Tillers were distributed through the Department of Agriculture, Meghalaya, Shillong, as they have been approved and specially designed for the farmers in Ri Bhoi and especially as Ri Bhoi is known for like the Aspirational District.
He also directed to look into the lack of attention or stinginess of the government authorities and the police in this regard, especially the Officer Incharge of Shahlang Police Station.
However, at the same time, Bah Lapang said he cannot promise that the government will accept these Bills because they need to comply with the rules.
With an investment of more than Rs 350 crore in health, the MOTHER Program was launched to improve the delivery system in which 150 ambulances and 80 transit homes were opened, increased coverage under MHIS, construction and upgradation of more than 2000 health centers across the state.
Police have arrested Sanju and registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station.
As a mother, she is sad but she thinks about the future of her child.
“We know that there are names from friends who know us from one place, but we don't know the names because we don't see them when we go to the ration shops in the area where we live,” said one of the women. stay in Jaiaw.
If you count and add up all the MLAs in the state, the number of MLAs has reached only 19, so it is not easy to lead the government especially when they have divided, they have divided each other. .
During his visit to the ICAR, he visited the breeding ground for pigs by cleaning them after a thorough investigation by the ICAR. He was accompanied by the DC of Ri Bhoi. Arpit Upadhyay and Giri Prasad, MSP of Ri Bhoi.
We express our understanding in this difficult situation,” Singh said in the letter.
“The North Jowai Division is the oldest office which has been in existence since 1950 and through this office many departments of PWD and other offices have emerged.
"“Furthermore, it has been directed that assistance should be provided to those who have lost their livestock in many incidents, as well as to those who have lost or damaged their homes. expedite in providing assistance and support for them," he added.
The training is for two months and they are well trained in the use of RPGs and IEDs,” the Assam Tribune reported.
“The opponents of us that night complained that we were going to loot them,” he said. “If we had done that, “Why didn't they lodge a complaint on the same night when we were face to face with the police, but it was them who fled when the police arrived,” said Bah Warlarpih.
All the MDCs from the ruling and opposition parties expressed their strong opposition to the implementation of the UCC through a resolution brought by the CEM of the Council, Thombor Shiwat. affect the culture and identity of the nation.
“The Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) is not a political party, but a freedom struggle for the second time,” he said.
Others include Mixz Samakha Finance Secretary, Samla Wanbhakupar L. Nonglait Organizing Secretary, Blastarland K. Bani who is the Office Secretary.
Minorita Lyngdoh is also an Assistant Professor at Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong.
“We don't blame nature because nature belongs to God.
Member of the jury of the festival, Borun Thokcom, who himself has won the award as a filmmaker, who was also selected as a judge for the festival for the first time, said, “We have to watch nearly 200 short films and documentaries in many languages.
What I was preparing to say was on 'The Implementation of the Roster System and the Sudden Difference in the Appointment of Ethnic Candidates', but because the Adjournment Motion could not be passed in the House. , I have been able to memorize only a few of the previous sections I have written.
Police sources said that the two robbers broke into the house of the child and opened fire in front of his parents. 8 o'clock at night.
Hundreds of youths came to participate in this one-day training.
In this regard, he urged the state government to support the youth to start their own businesses so that they can become employers instead of job seekers.
It was also alleged that due to the non-functioning of the C&RD Block office from the Saipung site, it has also caused disruption and delay in many development works from other departments.
“Cleanliness is essential in a person's life to have a healthy body, I urge everyone to work together to maintain the cleanliness of Iawmusiang, the heart of Jowai,” said Edystone.
Stella, who won the title of Miss Meghalaya, received a buskit of T.1 lakh, while Angeline, who won the title of Miss Teen, received a buskit of T.25,0
Shillong: There have been 211 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 192 recoveries.
In my time, there were very few matriculation passers,” she said.
Shillong, Naitung 15 : Senior leaders of the Trinamool Congress, Meghalaya on Saturday visited Mowkaïaw, West Jaintia Hills to strengthen and explain the party's agenda in preparation for the upcoming elections. for the MLA elections to be held in
The KSU also wants all the MLAs to discuss the National Education Policy (NEP) as well as the delay in starting the Shillong Medical College and the upgradation of all the Polytechnic Institutes to full fledged Engineering Colleges.
Speaking briefly about himself, Chef Tenzing said that he was born and raised in Mission Compound, Shillong and after completing his schooling in Dehradun he came to complete his Graduate degree at in Commerce from St. Anthony's College Shillong in
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Ngaitlang Dhar and Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing came to witness the Behdeiñkhlam festival along with the leaders of the Ialong and Wahiajer communities.
As a poet, you have written books and are a recognized singer by the All India Radio and Doordarshan Center.
Last month, India, who won the bronze medal at the Tokyo Olympics, lost all five times in Australia, raising doubts about their preparations for the tournament in Paris.
Expressing his strong opposition to the atrocities committed against women in Manipur, Bah Blah said, “In Manipur it happened during your tenure as Prime Minister of India.
Before you went to Pet Dhar, Jt.
The JAC will wait for the Judicial Inquiry and if the family of Bah Che feels the need for the cooperation of the JAC is ready to participate.
Anil announced this good news to his followers and fans on social media and expressed his happiness and joy to act with Jeremy.
The fire broke out on the morning of 22nd November, in which the fire destroyed all the belongings inside the house and two children. to the owners of the house.
Fifteen fire engines from Assam and two from Meghalaya came to extinguish the fire and managed to extinguish the fire. If the fire trucks are delayed, the fire could spread to other houses not nearby.
Dr. Sangma said that in the last five years, there has been a significant increase in trade, on the one hand, which has opened up easy opportunities for consumers.
The LP School was constructed at a cost of T.35 lakh through the Border Area Development Scheme and the Secondary School through the Ministry of Tribal Affairs at a cost of T.3.75 crore.
“Through this public meeting we need to bring about a strong revolution to address the problems faced by the country and the nation,” he said.
When asked about the intention of the MLAs to leave the AITC, he said that the AITC is open to those who want to join it and it is also open to those who want to leave. they because they don't have a solid foundation to stay with the AITC he said.
He said that through the presence of the SF-10, it will strengthen the state police department to fight against crime in the state and to maintain peace and order, as expected by the people.
During the inspection, the union found that many foreign shops do not have trading licence, and contractors do not have labor license and those who do have have not renewed or invalidated.
On the other hand, Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, said that as a leader, he has worked hard and has a strong desire to bring about change and development in the villages and especially those villages in the border with Assam.
On the other hand, the MLA on Thursday held a meeting with the new leaders of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar Hall at the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar Hall. MDC Victor Rani, President and Secretary of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Eniasroy Rani and Lamgiskar Wahlang, Sordar Shnongs and Elders of the Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar.
Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU, in his speech, praised the service of taxi drivers in many cases where they are not only commercial vehicle drivers but passengers. There are also cases where they are the carriers of the bodies of the deceased.
On the occasion of the opening ceremony, there were also speeches from the NPP leaders, who said that the NPP is now strong in Ri Bhoi and hoped that all the The NPP will win the 2023 elections in three constituencies.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday presented the State Budget for the year 2023-2023 of less than T.1,592 crore, which is 3.42% of the Gross State Domestic Product (GS). DP), claiming that this is the people's budget.
Meanwhile, it is understood that the Congress has won 20 seats while the ethnic parties of Meghalaya have won 16 seats: APHLC, 14 HSPDP, 2 PDIC, 1 seat. Jaintia National Union and 7 independent candidates.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawthadraishan Circle has met with the Director of School Education and Literacy, AC Marak to demand the construction of a residential school in Lawbyrtun.
She also explained that there are vehicles which the government has prepared to transport the poor women from the villages and to take them to the PHCs once a month, to come for check up and they do not need. to pay money when they went to buy and sell.
The extension will be effective from 18th June to 18th July, said Bah Lyngdoh.
But Haman's wickedness made the king promote him, and that all the Jews should honor Haman by Haman's cunning.
The meeting of the Union, which was held on the 19th of this month, has decided to distribute leaflets to the public on the issues [continued on page After that, they will hold a public meeting at Madan Pahamsyiem, Nongpoh, in the second month of June and there they will take a decision together with the people of Ri Bhoi. .
After the shooting of these farmers by the police on Tuesday and the sprinkling of water to disperse the farmers, it was seen that in these two days, there was nothing left. The police have been involved in the clashes with these farmers.
We read in the story of Man and the Tree in Aesop's fables that the tree understands that man is an enemy and defeats him.
Nongpoh: The CRPF of the 67th Battalion of Nongpoh on Tuesday inaugurated the renovated Seng Khasi Primary School in Purangang Marngar, Ri Bhoi. new to the old school.
Therefore, after the HNYF, NR, has urged the BDO's office to provide assistance to the family as soon as possible. The MLA and MDC of Umsning Constituency to support the family of the victim.
How can you not understand..."“How long, Mother...? The Son is still asking" Yes.
He said that this program is perfect for the residents to discuss with government employees on their schemes and programs and also gives an opportunity to the farmers and trade unions of the area, to promote and sell their products.
“Where do these employees get the authority to build a place of worship because this is a government office and not a place of worship and even we Khasi cannot hold a place of worship here and this surprises us as an organization. ", said the leaders.
It may be recalled that Saiborn's party has already elected Rocky Hek as the candidate from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah while Thomas Passah will contest from Jaiaw constituency.
The lack of road has put the people in great trouble, especially the women if they want to go for treatment during their pregnancy.
Suchen said that the class building at Mynthong has been turned into a 10+2 Higher Secondary School. Last year, the NCTE sent a letter to Delhi through the Member Secretary of the NCTE in September, but on the 5th of this month, it was learned that it has been fully recognized as a B.Ed College. (Integrated Course).
At the meeting of the union, on the 10th of this month, led by Bah Marbud Dkhar President of the union, the union expressed its surprise that the officials of the employment department, did not go to The union also urges the police to look into the arrival of foreigners in Mawlai village, who pretend to be contractors or suppliers of goods.
“With concern for the insecurity on the roads, streets or at home, the exploitation of peacekeepers leads to theft, shoplifting, and vehicle incidents. day.
The IEDs were planted by the CPI (Maoist) militants with the intention of attacking the security forces involved in the search and fight against the Maoists in the district, they said.
The more specific objective is for the development of the North East.
Mask, sanitizer, thermal scanners, gloves, face shield and PPE should be used in all election related activities by ensuring social distancing.
She said these, among other programmes, provide assistance to 'Annadata' in food production for the country and other countries and added that apprehensions for food security through the distribution of food items to 80 crore people.
From Meghalaya, farmer groups including Eastern Ri Bhoi Company and Jirang Organic Producer Company and other districts such as Garo Hills also participated.
The deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills District: 03 and 01 from East Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi District, South Garo Hills, West Garo Hills and West Khasi Hills.
Hek said that once the Prime Minister is Covid positive, the office of the Prime Minister will be temporarily closed and those who are close to the Prime Minister as they are High Risk Contacts will be sent. to test them and send them for quarantine.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Transport Corporation (MTC) of the State Government has signed a memorandum of understanding with Spicejet to operate direct commercial flights between Shillong and Delhi.
After a while he joined the BJP and NPP. After more than a year of joining the NPP, he returned to the UDP. that he may be strong and steadfast in mind and have a firm foundation.
Nongpoh: Senior leaders of the FKJGP Umlur Circle, today visited Umlur village in Ri Bhoi West, to confirm the full office bearers of the FKJGP Umlur Circle.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Deputy Commissioner, the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Thomas Passah said that the bill price set by the state government is too low and does not match. and the increase in the price of food and beverages and other commodities in this age which has severely affected the low income households.
“We have not decided to set rules to remove the HSPDP leader, we don't have such a decision,” said Bah Dkhar.
The smallest example is that out of the 19 lakh refugees found in Assam, where will they go to break these refugees, and how will they treat their children, grandchildren, who were born in India? and those who are still born today and not only that, because if these excluded are Bangladeshis, then they should go to that country, but, when that country, does not accept While the talks are ongoing to expel these tens of lakhs from Assam, another idea has come up and that is to introduce 20 crore (if the estimate is If India has a population of 10 billion, it will increase to more than 10 billion in the next few months.
“The extreme deterioration of the NH-6, which is the blood vessel of Meghalaya and other states in the North East, throughout the country, from Soomer , West Jaintia Hills to Malidor, East Jaintia Hills, is very difficult, which has put in great sorrow to the tourists not only from within the state but from other states of India,” he said. Heatermoon Ryngkhlem, President of AJYWO-EJZ, said, “The deterioration of this road not only causes problems to the passengers, but also puts at great risk the vehicles and lives of people. There are no precious ones who pass through this road.
The Rangbah Kur is the head of the Kur who is elected by the Dorbar of the Kur to lead the Kur.
Two persons lost their lives in this incident on Tuesday.
In another raid conducted by the BSF Meghalaya, about three Indians were arrested by the BSF and about 6,800 kilos of sugar were seized from them from different border areas of Meghalaya.
The employees of MCCL have demanded that besides their salary for more than 8 months, the government should implement a new factory in the area, as the factory has been shut down. old.
There is a great doubt that these school buses will provide services but they will only be a waste of public money.
We are proud to call ourselves Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum and we are also happy that there are some Seng Riew Lum in the political field to look after the welfare of the people.
Investigations revealed that the plane caught fire shortly after taking off from Tehran airport at 6.14 pm on Tuesday.
Surprisingly, within two years, in 1986, the State Government, with the consent of the Governor, abolished the Scheme.
"Explaining the mystery of the Holy Eucharist, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh recalled Pope Benedict XVI's Letter of Recommendation on the Holy Eucharist which says, “The Eucharist is a mystery in which we must believe. .
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the elections will be held in Meghalaya on
The Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh has banned the burial of the doctor and the Barapathar has banned the burning of the deceased and many others who have violated the curfew. and the government officials are merely spectators in such an incident and violation of the law.
It is on the existence of these schools that the MYM has to remind the Prime Minister to take action.
Reebok said that one of the Dkhars has been arrested on suspicion of committing the crime, but the woman said that it was not him.
The team that won the most gold medals was the True North team with 26 gold, 21 silver and 6 bronze medals.
Seven deaths were reported from East Khasi Hills: 04 from East Jaintia Hills, one from South West Garo Hills and one from South West Khasi Hills.
The three leaders handed over their resignation letters to the President of East Garo Hills District today.
Speaking to the media, the members of the party said that this is an encouragement to them, and will mislead the society to insult them and make them victims. in society.
NCP leader Vijay Raj and his party office bearers while launching the agenda for the 2018 MLA elections.
In the past few days, Bah Spingshon Marshara, former sordar of Mawduh village in the Sangriang area, visited a tit farm. benefit to the farmers, if they do not work hard to succeed by trying many ways in collaboration with the government officers in charge of the department of agriculture and experts who have trained in agriculture.
What we will remember about Bahdeng is the Clan Bill, the law of the people, in terms of counting kur, teh kur, tang jait, shim jait, ai jait kulmar, which also affects the family, which has brought in the year
I appeal to the coaches not only to teach them to play football but also the right way of life to follow them every day as players and not to forget their studies.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The BJP on Saturday held a march at Pynursla before the opening of its office in Pynursla Mandal, as part of promoting its services and activities in this area. the constituency for the first time.
According to information received, in fact there was a plan to bring this 132 KV Power Sub Station to Nongpoh. There is also a delay due to land use and there is an opposition to the signboard of the 132 KV Power Sub Station.
We see that most of the government buildings have been left behind, but to get government jobs we are struggling while to improve we are running behind??? and it is beautiful to look at the garbage, the jot rathai, even if it is still more beautiful than the Khasi.
He said that if he reaches the border until the government arrests the leaders of the party, the party will take strong action. he didn't sit down.
“We call on the residents of Mawkhar, not to take part in this meeting at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, not to allow this famous house, to be misused by these girls.
“You Kongthei, I'm very happy today... You've done a good job...” said Lanosha.
The Dkhars, like the Kharsawpoh, when they come together, although they have different names, they are one tribe.
Jowai, November 08: The National Lok Adalat (NLO) will be held on the 9th September, 2023 at the DC Office, Jowai from 10.00 am.
Besides, an office was also opened at Kynshi, where the Working President of the MPCC at that time, Bah James Lyngdoh.
Meanwhile, in the Assembly Constituencies where the majority of churches are not Hindus, the BJP will not hesitate to declare itself as the NPP. The BJP has not been able to wear the NPP mask and it knows that it will not be able to rule itself in this state.
The aim of the MUA government is to force the MUA government to implement the ILP and not to damage the ILP. things of the government.
The word is yes, while the milk is drunk.
These include EGH: 05, EJH: 45, EKH: 236, NGH: 22, RBD: 61, SGH: 19, SWGH: 34, SWKH: 23, WGH: 58, WJH: 77 and WKH: The total number of cases in the state has risen to 41601 out of which 36003 have recovered and 727 have died.
What I want to say here is that those candidates who left the party at the last minute should also consider carefully because tomorrow if those parties come to power and if they win what will they do? they will still be willing to work with them.
George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, Bah James Lyngdoh, Vice-President of TMC in the state, Sunnymoon Marak, candidate of TMC in the state were present. TMC from Jirang and others.
If you include KHADC and JHADC, the population is higher than GHADC, so the government should take this and review the reservation policy.
Referring to the fact that Mawhati Constituency is more poor and backward than Mawkynrew Constituency, he said, “You say that you are going for the poor but you leave and want you bag not duk.
The meeting was attended by HYC President Mewat Suchiang, General Secretary Roaming Lamare and other members of the HYC.
“Forty years have passed and there have been no major changes in power generation.
Shillong, July 8: The office of the Director General of Fisheries, FFDA, East Khasi Hills, Shillong has announced that farmers, fish farmers, cooperative societies, entrepreneurs and Others are residents of East Khasi Hills to receive assistance for the construction of fish ponds through the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission.
Those who have been injected so far are 10,45,28,5
In East Khasi Hills, there are 19 cases including 12 high risk cases, 2 ILI cases, 1 case from Laitumkhrah cluster, 2 cases from Lumparing cluster, 1 case from Madanryting cluster and 1 case from outside.
The funeral service will be held on the 6th January 2023 at 12.30 pm at the CNI Church, Nangbah.
If this continues, the party workers should be paid salaries otherwise it is difficult to work for the party or hold elections in the future.
His name was known as a freedom fighter to fight against foreign rule in his country.
It has modular operating theatres, a critical care unit and telemedicine, connecting patients with trained providers from across the country.
The march started from Zero Point and reached Riangdo Market in the presence of senior leaders of the HYC Sengkmie and other leaders of these groups. After the march, a meeting was held at Riangdo Market where the speakers from the groups of these four parties explained on these nine demands.
Bosai, who was seriously injured in the attack, died on the way to the hospital.
Sister Lucy, who now lives in Wayanad district, has lost all her jobs in the Franciscan Clarist Congregation.
He also urged and advised all those who have been elected as office bearers and all those who support Bah Bobby Kharshandi, to work together with the spirit to win the upcoming elections.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The Minister of Water Resources, Union Water Resources, Sushri Uma Bharati, today announced that the Bramhaputra Board will be revived with a new name and powers and scheme to cover this. the Board, because it has been sleeping for decades.
People flee poverty, starvation, bloodshed, wars, violence, and environmental destruction.
On the other hand, Samla Pynhun Rynghang expressed his gratitude that he has been able to fulfill his long-standing dream of opening this hotel which is also a place where he can employ many youngsters. .
Temporary and temporary measures should be taken and implemented properly,” she said.
Regarding the recovery of funds from the borrowers, Prestone said that the department used to receive back the funds from the borrowers but the recovery of funds from the borrowers was pat you are not suki.
A leader must be responsible for leading his team in wisdom and understanding.
IG, BSF Meghalaya Frontier, Inderjit Singh Rana congratulated the teachers and said that they are an example for the youth who will become the leaders of the country in the future.
On the other hand, the NGOs have urged the NGOs to install 108 vehicles in all the 11 PHCs in the state run by the NGOs. take action on this.
These three villages have 207 households and 1016 people.
“We are immediately seeking information from the experts to assess the performance and quality of electricity in the state,” said the NPP leader. Shillong, Jymmang 30: After visiting the Myntdu-Leshka Hydro Electric Project, Dr Mawthoh said it is too early to discuss the operation of MeCEL. President Samla Shlur Mukhim led a meeting with the SDO of MeECL in charge of Amlarem-Sub-Division regarding the collapse of the main line posts at Padu village. This line supplies electricity to the villages of Padu, Khong Lah, Nongbareh and Amkoi.
“If this is a traditional festival, I would like those who come to this festival to come in traditional costumes.
Nongstoiñ, June 07: Langdongdai Village is the Headquarters of the Nonglang Sirdarship and is one of the Aspiration Villages recognized by the Central Government. since last year.
It is to be recalled that the tournament has been opened since 23rd July, 2023, and up to 15 schools have come to participate.
Noarem Mahesh Singh scored the first goal for Shillong Lajong FC in the 51st minute, while Donbok Lang Lyngdoh scored the fourth and final goal for Shillong Lajong FC in the 51st minute. 63.
A woman who cannot see heaven and earth immediately announced and handed over a house built by the Blind Lead Trust Organisation, which looks after the visually impaired or blind. you because of your joy.
Shillong: Members of the KSU, FKJGP, HNYF and RBYF today met with the Minister in charge of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. regarding the registration of students to study B.Sc Agri in Imphal.
Police are investigating to track down the thieves and recover the motorcycles.
“The government claims that it has enough money but when it looks at the work, it doesn't have enough money.
However, when asked where he will join if he wins, he said he has not yet decided and time will tell.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the World Bank, Asian Development Bank, groups like IKEA Foundation and Amazon India will develop Meghalaya and the country's economy. He said this while speaking at the 76th Independence Day celebrations of India on Tuesday.
Those who wish to participate should drop their application forms at the Xerox shop of Der Thyrniang in Laitryngew and more information can be obtained from 60096 48911, the report said.
The Sur u Paidbah has strongly demanded that the shooters be brought to justice but the government has ignored the issue of life and death.
The President of FKJGP Lama Unit, Bah Lamchwa Dong said that if the Jio company does not do anything on this issue, the FKJGP will not hesitate to take other measures together with the people.
These antioxidants contained in curcumin are also able to fight against stress symptoms by reducing oxygen consumption and inflammation.
There was a fire at the Delhi Mistan Bhandar shop in Khyndailad this morning.
The group was led by Donkupar Sumer MDC and others.
They were also released at the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrni.
The residents of the village said that on the night of the 14th, after being cut and injured, Bah Lam was taken to Wah Umiew, but due to the low water on that day, he escaped. When he reached the ryngkew, some saw him and helped him to take him to his home in Smit.
He said that in 1972, the state government had appealed against the decision of the High Court to the Supreme Court. The MDA government doesn't know.
With this victory, he has now confirmed that he will win the Rnong medal in the tournament.
The Gauhati High Court today ordered the Assam government to restore the internet to the public.
On Tuesday, 1,019 people died, on Friday, 1,140, ​​on Tuesday, 1,135, and on Tuesday, 1,1
At the same time, the Association urges the drivers to respect the passengers of commercial vehicles and if the drivers are found to be against this, the Association will punish them according to the rules and regulations. The JLKTTA said in a statement through its General Secretary, Bah Mihsalan Dhar.
I have lodged a complaint with the Registrar of KHADC because they cannot speak Khasi because they don't even know how to speak and write Khasi,” he said.
Shillong: The Union of Rangbah Kur of Hynniewtrep Hills District has invited all the Rangbah Kur of Khasi Hills to attend the general meeting to be held on the 2nd June at Aurobindo Hall, Shillong at 11 am. the role of the kurs in the country and the nation.
The players of Laitkyrhong also passed the ball in a beautiful manner and reached the goal of Mawkynrew.
This is also a step in collaboration between the state government and the Meghalaya State Olympic Association.
The Rangbahshnongs of Darrang, Shnongpdeng, Lymba and Kongwang villages have been allowed to khwai from the Bangladesh border to the Umjaha Pass and the upper parts of the village have been authorized.
The IM said that it has decided to forget all the mistakes and differences between the brothers and sisters and they too should forgive the mistakes of the IM. the greatest name of Jesus Christ, the statement said.
At present, those who have received permits as Bike Taxis must have a stem number plate and must put Bike Taxi Stickers on their vehicles.
On the same day, a cake was cut for the opening ceremony of Na-Me Productions and a dinner was held.
Shillong, March 21: The Puriang Unitarian Church on Tuesday held a meeting on 20th March 2015 which was chaired by Bah Hamles Nongdhar as Chairman. The chief guest was Bah FC Shullai, Secretary APSTA, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, MDC, Members of the Unitarian Church, Elders, Teachers and Students of the Unitarian School. Babu Ditol Mylliemngap, Principal of the school, has been honored on receiving the UNESCO Global Teacher Role Award
In a statement, the Seng through Bah OB Nampui, General Secretary, said that the Seng and the residents of Jaintia Hills are deeply saddened by the inability of the state government to address the issues related to the inability to pay The salary of the employees of JHADC for the past 40 months has severely affected many employees as well as the working of the Council as a whole.
Dr Mukul said the Minister of Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh, the Chief Secretary and other officials will wait at Mendipathar.
The Prime Minister said that this incident in Manipur has brought great shame to the country from this rape of these women.
These rights of the people are reflected in the White Paper on Indian State submitted to Parliament in 1949 and
Thymmaibor Mukhim scored the third goal in the 63rd minute.
The Center Doloi said that the elders of the area are deeply concerned about the situation in the area especially the reputation of the area has been affected after the incident at the Police Outpost. the Newspaper.
God has also shown the signs of the unreliability of life on earth through events that come from time to time such as wars, famines, pestilences, earthquakes, and terrible floods.
The Khasi race, which is descended from a woman, must be preserved and strengthened and must not allow the intention of the Langiong to change this custom established by our ancestors.
The Dkhars said that the price of rice is T.25 per kilo, sugar T.37 per kilo and Khaw T.23 per kilo.
He said that the state government should take action to provide security to the students who go to work or study abroad so that such incidents will not happen again.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Peter Thangkhiew, Rangbah Shnong of Wahiingsyiem Smit. The meeting was welcomed by the General Secretary Bah Kitbokstar Syiemlieh. Poor.
The VC should have been inside the university to ensure that the work is going smoothly and to consider the demands of the JAC and that is why we have held this protest. without delay from 13th November.
But the most amazing of these heavenly bodies is Planet Earth.
Shillong: The KSU Mawkyrwat Circle has strongly warned the government employees especially the government officers of the area regarding the irregularities of the government employees. various departments within the District Headquarters which take the opportunity to come to work only three times a day.
The meeting was conducted by Philoris Syngkon, President of AJMDMWU Laskeiñ Block, in the presence of Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, Adviser of AJMDMWU. Asoo Suchiang from PM Poshan Cell, Directorate Shillong and OB Kurbah, Senior In-charge Consultant PM Poshan who briefed on various schemes.
However, most of the time, the youth do not get tired of working in small jobs. This is one of the ways to enable the youth to stand on their own feet.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17: The Umran Dairy Longkmie, Ri-Bhoi District today turned up at the Dorbar Hall of the Village Council during the dorbar to sell land to the army at Umran Dairy, Ri-Bhoi.
The vehicle, driven by Kyrshanlang Lamurong, was heading from Mooknor to Saipung for eye treatment, as Bansara Eye Care today conducted an eye treatment in Saipung.
Shillong, Nailar 6: U Rangbah Dong of Mawutieng, Sohryngkham, Shillong, has been arrested by the police in connection with the incident of rape of Bah Halorsing Kharumnuid (47). village.
On the other hand, the BJP Meghalaya has lodged a complaint with the Governor Satya Pal Malik to demand the removal of the SP and DC of Tura.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Paia praised the talented football player and his joining FC Goa has brought pride to the state as a whole.
Each episode will feature Krish, Trish and Baltiboy — the famous characters from the KTB Movie series, who start the story of these heroes.
We request the responsible authorities to bring forward the demand of the people for ILP without delay.
This is also part of their preparations for the ODI World Cup to be held in India from April to November.
The tournament, which was held in Goa, was held on the 1st and 2nd of this month, in which 7 Thei and Rang kura, who took part in the tournament. and among those who took part in the competition, all those who took part in the competition, won prizes and medals.
Both of these are leading destinations in the Middle East and are very rich and attractive tourist destinations from all over the world.
Unfortunately, many children have been deceived by the promise of employment for them, but the promise has ended in them having to work in factories such as the manufacture of khadu. and materials that are used and discarded when they are finished being used.
God has also prepared Israel now to take up His weapon in the future, and that Israel may know that there is a God in Israel who came from the Jewish race.
He said that if we look at the overall shortage of police officers in the State, the shortage is not less than 2000 police officers and it is necessary to fill the vacancies as soon as possible.
The JSU said that this year's Behdieñklam will be very successful as in the past two years it has not been possible to hold it as usual due to the Coronavirus.
The union led by its President Bah Starwin Kharjana has met the Minister to express their demands on various issues which the government has not been able to provide to them.
But now.
Similarly, a 4-year-old child and her mother were attacked by wild elephants on 31st November at Cherengpara near Gasuapara, South Garo Hills.
The border between Meghalaya and Assam is 885 kilometers long and there are many places in different border areas where there have been clashes and clashes and this has been a problem since the time of the British Government.
Bah Lapang, who congratulated Bah CB Syiem as the MDC candidate from the NPPP, witnessed the presence of Bah Lapang, Chairman of the State Government, u Minsing Makri, one of the senior leaders of the Congress and who joined the NPP, Augustine Wahlang and other prominent leaders of the Nongpoh area.
On the other hand, the SP of West Khasi Hills, said that the search for the suspects is ongoing.
Speaking to reporters outside the gate of Conrad Sangma's residence, KP Pangniang said, “We don't feel anything even if we can't enter but we have sent a letter through WhatsApp.
However, the other batsmen did not score except Shavian Blah (36) who scored the most runs.
These activities led to the establishment of the first Fruit Garden Food Processing Factory in the North East.
L.However.
The semi final and final matches of the tournament are scheduled to be held the following day on the 19th of June.
While laying wreaths at the memorial of Syiem Tirot Singh, the KSU and the school authorities of the JNV School in Niangbari today held a short program with the participation of the Principal, SC Ramshiary. James H. Mawphniang, General Secretary of the KSU, North Khasi Hills District and also included school children, teachers and members of the KSU from Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking at the meeting, the MLA urged the students not to misuse these tablets but to use them properly for their own benefit.
This plant is also commonly planted to improve the soil, as it belongs to the family of those plants which I have described in previous articles which are called “legume” in English. .
Speaking at a meeting to mark Teachers' Day at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Dr Laloo said, “The door is open to talk to teachers”.
If the district authorities continue to raid the homes or take away the members of the party, it doesn't mean that they will intimidate us but our position is strong against uranium and we have been ready to do so. if it reaches any part,” said the statement.
Therefore, this law shall not apply until further notice.
All members from old and new are invited to attend this day. It will be a joy for KJKSPS. This is according to Bah MP Mawkon, Secretary Silver Jubilee Celebration Committee, KJKSPS. Jowai: U Constantine Langstang, a resident of Madankynsaw (Mowkyndeng) village, West Jaintia Hills District, on Tuesday morning, was robbed by unidentified persons. cover your face and hold your hands.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The Orphan Children Foundation Jaintia Hills, on 24.07.2023, under the leadership of its Founder Chairman, Bah L.Dkhar, has donated 3 months school fees and food items to orphans and children. who have disabilities in Priang Village, West Jaintia Hills District.
This was announced by Bah BP Lyngskor, Secretary, Mawlong Presbyterian Church.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has postponed the polling day from 3rd November to 4th November 2023 to appeal to the people of Mizoram. on Sunday.
“I haven't resigned from the UDP for more than a year, but the UDP doesn't need me anymore and there are invitations to join the BJP,” said Tariang.
The Cabinet in Maharashtra has discussed the death toll at Nanded Hospital.
The gold weighed 895.20 gm and he gave the gold carefully and then put it inside his pocket, said H Lalthlangliana, Deputy Commissioner of the college. Mizoram police have alleged that Assam police have kidnapped the driver of a Mizoram JCB at gunpoint on Tuesday.
“Foreigners can come and work in this country, but we must ensure that they cannot become citizens to vote,” he said.
Sabahmuswang beat Moosyiem Shangpung 6-1 in the First Division Football Tournament.
The informant will receive this prize after submitting the information through
The people of Assam, have been angry over the proposed implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB), in which these foreigners will be brought to Assam as a sign of solidarity. On the other hand, many youths walked naked in Chabua, the village of Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal, in Upper Assam's Dibrugarh district.
However, the bill has not received the approval of the Governor and the government through the Political Department has sent the bill to the District Council on 19th June, 2017 during the tenure of CEM, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem. “But the District Council has not said anything about it,” said Shylla.
This is why I like the house of (L) Purno and his children as the house of Joshua, because Joshua said – maybe Purno will say “GoodI like this article.
“The decision of the state government to suspend the Act for many months shows that there is no concern for this,” he said.
No Selection Test will be required for both these examinations.
However, Malki scored the first goal in the 64th minute through Rikmenlang Marwein who sent Rangdajied a free kick.
However, Prestone, Chairman of the HLC, said that the government will take forward this proposal, as it is sufficient, and the government will also implement the resettlement of the ethnic groups. Harijans are here.
JOWAI: U Ma Moonlight Pariat, MDC from Jowai South, who has hesitated to contest the MDC election, has decided to contest again and today he filed his nomination paper at the DC office, Jowai.
“I will contest from Mawkhar-Pynthorumkhrah MDC,” said Pynsngain when asked how he feels when he is invited again to contest from Mawsynram.
Let's photostat it.
Dapmon Phawa scored the first goal for Siañdur in the 14th minute.
I don't feel the need to change the names here of those roads/lynti synkien and also the names of villages which have been changed and put in Khasi words, but I am pleased and happy that this has been done. that gives hope for the future of our nation “to live the name – to remain the name” and to feel proud and confident of our ownership of our own country and not to end up in the slogan “in your own country – do whatever you want”.
This is an illegal act and the crossing of the border by Assam into the border of Meghalaya,” said Robinus Syngkon.
There is a lot of unemployment among the Khasi youth even after they have understood how to spread their education in many lines.
FIFA's decision to withdraw the tournament from the country and bring in a new country to host the tournament has affected the team of the country. They have entered the tournament without any match and also which has caused a great deal of trouble to the country and will face another match now.
On this occasion, the people also shouted slogans to condemn the CEM and EM for their decision to remove the Lyngdoh as they have been demanding since
The Diocese of Nongstoin was established in 2016 and was appointed by Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh as the Judge. In 2016, Pope Francis transferred Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh to the Diocese of Jowai. Archbishop Dominic Jala has been appointed as the Diocesan Administrator until his death in 2019. After that, Sohblei Anselm Nonglang has been appointed as the Diocesan Administrator. On the 5th of June 2022, Rev. Wilbert was appointed Bishop at that time and was consecrated as Bishop on Sunday.
“If the Village Councils are introduced, there will be a conflict with the Dorbar Shnongs and our traditional governance system. Therefore, we suggest that the Village Development Councils should be introduced. introduce the Village Development Council Bill in this regard,” he said.
Then he gave another topic and that is, by cleansing the body of a person, to cleanse the tor and this will work a little in the tor and that too, it will be good to try. .
The central theme is “United in action to rescue and achieve the SDGs for, with and by persons with disabilities”.
The HNLC said in a statement that the Congress Government has decided that it will no longer have power in 2018, it has lost the trust of the opposition parties and the trust of the people. Without doubt, the BJP will come to power in 2018 in Meghalaya only if this strongest political party in India can stop communal politics.
Adelbert Nongrum, Working President, said that KHNAM has nominated only 3 candidates from 7 constituencies not because there are no people but because there are many candidates. The KHNAM Party has decided to apply for tickets from these 7 constituencies and to know that the person who contests the election from the party will put the nation first.
Fines will be imposed from time to time for violations of the instructions.
The GS of the KSU said that the KSU has found that at Banalari World Cars and Modrina there are employees who have taken their children and wives with them. The GS said that this is no longer a bill but a smuggling in the state.
According to the agreement, the police will release his vehicle after 6:00 pm on the 15th after the end of the HNLC curfew. “According to my information, there are also other drivers who have been involved in the accident from morning till evening and have to work between the snier and the empty snier.
The incident occurred at 6.30 pm, when the four men were taken to the scene of the incident to show what they had done for the investigation. the police.
How do you think?” asked Kynsai.
ZJ Lyngdoh District Social Welfare Officer also spoke on the same topic on the issue of alcohol abuse. She also explained about the human rights of women and children in the society. how to get protection when faced with such social discrimination in the family or spouse.
After the spread of rumors, a woman alleged that she lost her child who was about 7 months pregnant due to the slow work and negligence of the doctors inside the hospital.
Fernandes Dkhar Youth President of the All India Trinamool Congress Meghalaya State Unit was invited as the chief guest to inaugurate the tournament.
Meanwhile, the state government has hastily resolved the issues related to the border until many of the land has gone to Assam and the recruitment policy has been biased.
However, the surprising question is in what form and on what basis were these temporary Directors appointed? Furthermore, how one was appointed for three years, while the others were appointed for five years when there was no mention in the Rules.
Shillong: Despite the current situation and the suffering of the people in the state due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the Shillong Municipal Board has sent a directive to the contractor to take over the land. Anjalee Parking Lot has been charged with T.10 per plastic bag.
Shillong: A new case of covid-19 has been confirmed at Gold's Gym, Lower Lachumiere and also at Pavitra Joshi Compound, Lower Mawprem. The District Magistrate, Shillong today announced the closure of Gold's Gym Shillong, Lower Lachumiere and Pavitra Joshi Compound, Lower Mawprem.
Besides grocery shops, electricity outlets set up in the villages, mobile bill shops, animal feed outlets recognized by the government can open in compliance with the guidelines of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. .
Shillong, November : The Sub Divisional Officer (Supply), Sohra Civil Sub Division today informed the ration consumers of the Division that the ration for the month of November 2022 has been released at the rate of 35 kilos per card. T.3/- per kilo for beneficiaries with AAY cards, 5 kilos per head for T.3/- per kilo for beneficiaries with PHH cards and 7.215 kilos per kilo for beneficiaries without PHH cards. card at the price fixed by the Vigilance Committee not exceeding T.15/- per kilo for those who have Non-NFSA cards. Free rice under the PMGKAY scheme at the rate of 5 per head for AAY and PHH card holders for the month of November
Tynsong said the Assam government is against the site because it disturbs its people who go to Upper Assam.
He finished the innings without being bowled, scoring 124 off 216 balls (12x4s, 3x6s).
According to a PIB statement, CEOs from other States/UTs also participated in the conference through video-conferencing.
Thus, the process of losing precious souls followed.
It is for this reason that parents do not hesitate to educate their young children about the harmful effects of sexual relations from an early age.
Sanbor said that since Mawrie became President of the party in Meghalaya, many party leaders from Ri Bhoi, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Shillong have been invited to join the party. They resigned due to their dissatisfaction with the performance of Bah Mawrie in the party.
Shillong, Nailur 02 : U Manish Desai today took over as the new Principal Director General of the Public Information Bureau (PIB).
Meghalaya has now become prominent in the field of football not only for men but also for women who have risen and got the opportunity to play for the country and the world.
Karrisa Berti Khonglam scored 96.80% in her total marks in Class XII (Science)
The Directorate of School Education and Literacy, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the National Council of Educational Research and Training, New Delhi on Thursday held the State Level Science, Mathematics and Environment Exhibition “Technology & Toys”.
He said that the Chief Minister Solar Mission (CM SM) has been launched in the state and this is the initiative of the Prime Minister. state through the Solar.
At the same time, he said that the Nongmynsaw Hima is very happy and welcomes the Block, as the visit of the Prime Minister is only to lay the foundation stone.
But when I hear these calls for prayer and especially when the government calls, it makes me ask questions and seek answers from the Word of God.
Nongrum has continued to hold the post of CEM, although the ARPA has re-elected its leader, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
Through this order, the social settlement between Assam and Meghalaya, which has already been agreed between the two states, for the first phase and signed between Conrad Sangma, has temporarily ended. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam and Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India, on 29th October
After receiving the information, the youths went to his residence in Mawlan B to find out the facts regarding his arrest. voter photographs and passport photographs of certain persons.
Nongpoh, Lber 22: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Raid Nongtung Circle today expressed their concern over the lack of health facilities for the people in Ri Bhoi East. , have conducted an inspection of two health centers including the Primary Health Center (PHC) at Mawlasnai and the Sub Center at Thadrang, where they have found many shortcomings in these health centres. health care facilities.
After Pastor Jamir returned to Shillong in 2008, he sought a place to set up a shelter for alcoholics and found a place at Umdihar near Nongpoh, Ri. Bhoi District and has been established since 2010 which has continued to this day.
Whoever drinks kiad doesn't have enough money, he spends the money to buy kiad, when he gets home, he talks to Lok ki Khun, it brings only huri-hura.
Fourthly, it is the Feast of Weeks which marks the time of the descent of the Holy Spirit, that is, after the resurrection of the Lord Jesus, He was here on earth for 40 days, The next day after His ascension, the Holy Spirit came down to earth, this is called the Feast of Weeks (Leviticus 23:15-22).
Shillong, Lber 13: “Many such books but they cannot shake the faith of Christians, Christians believe in Jesus written in the Bible and in the Gospels and not in other books. The Archbishop of the Catholic Church, Rev. Dominic Jala, told reporters on Saturday.
Executive Members Riquoma RQ Laloo, Edelweiss R Dkhar, Dayoo Ïakai, Valen Shylla, Dame H Pde, Albert Terence Gatphoh, Sienwanmiki Bareh, Phrangsngi Sutnga, Manda Bareh, Rinibeth Don Patlong Neelam Passah and Hunbeitki Dkhar.
Chyne said that after receiving a complaint against Das, the Union and the parents of the victim lodged a complaint against Das.
It is to be recalled that the Raid Nonglyngdoh Stadium was planned to be constructed properly and has received more than T.40 lakh through the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government. It is surprising that until these days, the ground has remained empty without being able to be constructed.
Argentina started playing well.
This road is also one of the roads leading to some of the famous tourist attractions in the Sohra area, such as Kshaid Daiñthlen, Wei Sawdong and others.
Shyngiar, ponds, streams and rivers flow from wells and valleys surrounded by hills, mountain ranges, where forests are dense.
On the attempts to revive the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA), Conrad said the Government has received a lot of information from various sources and the Government has done something about it. that information by verifying whether that information is true or false.
However, in all political parties from the BJP to the NPP and UDP, everything is the same.
At the same time, there has been suspicion and allegation that even other health departments may have done this through the collusion of doctors and those who supply medical equipment to the hospital.
“We are not terrorists or criminals, if she does it by force, she will do it but we don't move,” he said. He said that the magistrate has ordered them to send a letter to the government. “Since we started the protest, the letters we have sent have 10 Maruti cars.” “They walk here and there, but they don't see, because they are blind, if they go and sit somewhere else, “It's not like I'm going to be able to see anything,” said a teacher who was protesting at the scene. “If all the races shouldn't have a proper education, “go and see at the secretariat. Almost all of them don't even pass matric, you think they know how to make laws or to sympathize with us.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Chairperson of the Committee, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the SP of East Jaintia Hills has informed them that there are 26 incidents of violence against the women and children who have registered in the district since July to date.
During the raid, the police have arrested more than 10 foreign workers without proper documents working inside the campus of the Office Horticulture.
We do not have enough words to express our gratitude to each and every one of you and also we cannot thank each and every one of you.
According to a letter sent by these MPs, they said that the NH-6 has deteriorated to the extreme and has disrupted the traffic of the people of the area. danger and insecurity in traffic.
Let us try to implement the COP21 Paris Agreement on Climate Change.
The public is advised to refrain from crossing the rivers or walking through flowing water.
Tripura has reported 25 new cases today, bringing the total number of cases to 647, Chief Minister Biplab Kumar Deb said.
“Initially, we decided to start from Shillong as it is the hub of drug trafficking.
“These women alleged that the driver of the four bus used bad language against them and after this, there was a fight and three children were seriously injured,” he said. said Davies.
(2) Nothing contained in sub-section (2) or sub-section (5) of section 28 and clause (b) of sub-section (1), sub-section (2) or sub-section (3) of section 29 shall apply in respect of any disclosure of information, including identity information or authentication records, made in the interest of national security in pursuance of a direction of an officer not below the rank of Joint Secretary to the Government of India specially authorized in this behalf by an order of the Central government.
He said that this has become a big game because it was discovered and started in 1875 and until now there have been about 90 countries playing.
Speaking on the victory, Aneesh Sangma said that the match was very difficult but the determination and hard work brought the victory.
Furthermore, when I read further, I found that David wrote about other kinds of animals in Psalm 22 about the Messiah (verse 12), the Lion (13) and the bears (16). It is on this verse 6 that he says, But I am a serpent, and not a man.
The committee is also surprised that the Dorbar Shnong has forcibly dismissed the mother who works as an ASHA, for helping this child who has been affected by this accident. The DMHO has ordered the Incharge of PHC Jirang to recall the ASHA within 24 hours. “Police have arrested a man who raped a child from Jirang, but the people who went to destroy the house of this child and the people who went to threaten Asha have not been arrested yet".
If there is one purpose of this government, it will be the welfare and development of the poor and for Christians this is the nature that is in harmony with this purpose.
The total number of cases in Assam has risen to 23,7
“The Bhutanese girls are bigger and stronger than us because we are 14-15 years old but I know they will give their best tomorrow,” she said.
In these centres, free treatment is provided to those who have been infected with drugs, he said.
The Government should also consider providing police posts in the Outposts by the youth of the villages living on the border and also by the surrendered HNLC Cadres.
Four other cases have died including Khim Prasad Joshi, 49, Bheem Bahadur Sunar, 90, Flobina Dkhar. Pretty Chando, 77, and Pretty Chando, 24, were arrested.
After the date was postponed to the 9th of this month, the Dolloi asked for time to hold the meeting on the 14th of this month. The meeting was held on the 12th of this month but this too has not been successful, which has put the people in darkness due to the actions of the Dolloi.
Jowai, July 19: As part of the efforts to ensure the smooth running of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly (MLA) elections, the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to all those who carry firearms ( Arms License Holder) to surrender their firearms along with Xerox copies to the nearest Police Station or Outposts and will be surrendered after the Election.
Nongstoin, July 26: Cicilia Pariong, 14, of Mawroh WKHD, daughter of Selbina Pariong, class IX student of St. Joseph HSS, has been missing since the 2nd of this month. a month in which it has not yet been found.
After finding out that they did not have proper documents, the union immediately expelled them.
People like to use all kinds of plastic whether it is plastic bags, plastic bags, shamoit or plastic bottles because they are easy, strong, inexpensive and protect against water pollution.
The house was owned by H.Rapsang.
On the other hand, Pynthorlangteiñ scored the first goal in the 32nd minute through Balongshwa Surong.
The same sentiments could arise from other languages ​​too....
Hard work and dedication to sports has always brought her a sweet and clean fruit.
“What we see in Meghalaya is that they are playing with the responsibility of each other.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Dong of this area said that after the fire broke out, he and other Rangbah Shnongs had lodged a complaint with the MeECL office. but they did not come to repair the transformer.
The reason is that the government does not have enough funds.
The victim was identified as Bah Roning Nongkynrih of Jalynteng village under Raid Nongkynrih district.
Singh, who is the former chairman of the Manipur Development Society (MDS), during his tenure from July 30, 2009 to November 6, 2017, there was a fight with other people over the misuse of government funds amounting to 332 crore tyngka out of 518 crore tyngka which they handed over to these people for to complete the work allocated for the improvement, said one of the CBI here.
He said that the Hynniewtrep people need many young people to serve the country and the nation and to remember the great leaders like Tirot Singh.
The PDF has two leaders, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem and Bah PT Sawkmie (although he is not a Congress member, media reports said that he has been baptized from time to time). he is within the Congress party but has not yet been released.
The residents of Siejïong and other villages in New Shillong said that since they were children, nothing has happened when they eat tit harvested from the forest because they have already recognized the good tit and who is snow.
“We are pleased with this journey which has reached the 40th milestone and believe that we will continue to move forward,” said Bah Aldous.
Jowai, Jymmang 11: The Jowai Diocese Catholic Youth Movement (JDCYM) under the banner of the Jowai Diocese Catholic Youth Movement (JDCYM) has held a preaching service at the Jowai Diocese District, Meghalaya. 8th and 9th June 2022 at Barato Village which falls under Christ Syiem Parish Barato West Jaintia Hills Meghalaya.
“In many cases, our team went to verify the list of beneficiaries that we received from the Center which showed that the poor families who were under the list did not get the schemes even while their names are on the central government list," he said, adding, "There have also been cases where the same families have received most of the benefits just because they have received support from some how many leaders of the world.
On this day, rice will be distributed along with gold and silver water to strengthen the spirit of the country and the nation.
Hadrian also showed the message to Rupang and it was seen that it contained a 10-word message that read 'Hadrian Drain
It is to be recalled that once again, the CEM said that the purpose of the Dorbar is to unite all the Hima, Elaka and Raid so that they can unite in one platform together with the Dorbar. KHADc to discuss the necessary matters.
Ewanmi Pasi (50) scored the third goal for Nangbah.
How do you feel about the Supreme Court's ban on coal? Lber: First of all, I feel that I should thank God for opening the way and not abandoning us. in the middle.
This is an increase compared to 2023, when there were nearly 40 incidents but no fatalities.
The child, who lives in Pohkseh, Shillong, was rescued by the East Khasi Hills District Police.
The Minister of Home Affairs, listened to the speech of the Union leaders and assured that the matter will be done properly.
Schnellinger apparently spent most of his time in Italy and was also known as "Carlo il Biondo" (the blond Karl).
This is the second time that the ANVC-B has made this allegation. Earlier, the Publicity Secretary of the group, Ajaju Marak, who made this allegation, was shot dead by the West Garo Police. Hills inside the temporary camp of the group in Edenbari, which happened just days after he raised the allegation against Dr Mukul Sangma.
Parliamentary Secretary Rophul S Marak said that the people of Khasi and Jaintia have strongly condemned this insult to the Prime Minister.
To explain why not all the Kurs in the hima can inherit the throne, the Khasi explain through the puriskam purinam.
He said Assam and Karbi police raided 21 tree trunks in Lapangap.
“The problem of land acquisition is what exists in many blocks.
Dr Mukul said what should be done will depend on the report of the inquiry, but before receiving the report, it should be ensured that the entire investigation will be independent or the investigation will not be interrupted. it is understood that there will be investigations against the police at various levels; he also raised the question of whether lower ranking police officers would dare to speak the truth.
On the other hand, the two parties have expressed their dissatisfaction with the allocation of posts by the central government, as only one officer post is released for the Scheduled Tribes in Meghalaya. to the youth who have completed their education to join the BankNongkyndong.
Kiang Nangbah, as the eldest son of Nia Rimai Nangbah, has shown his righteousness and courage.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Pyniaid said that the distribution of garbage trucks to each village is to ensure the cleanliness of the environment in each village.
Saw Lyngdoh won 1-0 to qualify for the semifinals.
“It has been passed in the Lok Sabha and now in the Rajya Sabha, this is the wish of the BJP,” Hamletson said.
Khliehriat, July 9: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Central Executive Council, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, together with members of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, today inspected the Infiltration Check Point. Ratacherra, the union strongly condemns those foreigners who illegally enter the state and also warns against those foreigners who are brokers, who help to smuggle Dkhars. bangla.
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar who supported and took part in the discussion said that the spread of drugs is like a disease for many of the youth of the state.
Ozil has already helped Germany win the 2014 WC title.
He said that the problem here is that some people think that they are more intelligent than the people elected by the people.
After his release from jail, his parents congratulated all the people who came out to fight for their son. “We cannot name all those who helped us. “If it weren't for their help, we wouldn't know what to do,” said Kloris Mawdoh. the mother of Jaskalur Mawdoh.
It is right for the people especially of Meghalaya to expect good things as the State has reached the 50th anniversary or the Golden Jubilee of independence.
O my God, let, I beseech thee, thine eyes be open, and let thine ears be attent unto the prayer that is made in this place.
He expects that with the support of our family and his, the people of Mawryngkneng will support and give victory to the Congress candidate.
Tynsong said the MDA government will take before the Minister all the pending issues including the resolutions on the Inner Line Permit (ILP), to include the Khasi and Garo languages. five of the Constitution of India.
There will be cash prizes and trophies for the winners.
He said that we should remember not to forget our roots like a biscuit plant to grow until it reaches the end but we should know where our roots are.
Rev Fr Anselm Nonglang urged the believers to be vigilant against the “False Leaders” especially those who come “like Sheep in the Blood of the Lamb”.
The 44th edition of the FIDE Chess Olympiad will be held in Chennai from 28th May to 10th July,
There have been many organizations, many protests, many supporters, but like a lightning bolt it has disappeared.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84583 out of which 82864 have recovered and 1475 have died.
The victims are from Mynso and Kyndong Tuber villages and came from Semasi village to plant rice.
Seeing that the industry has been slow and that the products are not producing properly, and also the increase in the market for dry process dewbilat from other factories, the management with the support of the Government, In 2005, it was decided to set up a dry process plant.
“But what I don't understand is why Mukul didn't answer and explain that when he was Chief Minister from 2009 to the beginning of 2018, why he didn't publicly announce and implement the Policy (Regulations) prepared and implemented by the Department of Mining and Geology for about a year, as required by the Government of India and the Supreme Court during my tenure as Deputy Chief Minister and approved by “It is because he has opened the door that this will happen now,” said Bindo.
This is the second visit of Vice President Jagdeep Dhankhar to Dibrugarh to attend the 21st Convocation Ceremony of Dibrugarh University in the past two months. can.
Eikihun Chullet, one of the accused, said he was surprised to learn that many of the people in the village have called him a demon worshipper. , and when asked, they did not reveal the source of the allegation but said that they had heard from people.
He said that in Tynghor village alone, up to 15 houses have been damaged and destroyed by the cyclone.
The MLA of the area, Bah Nongrum, said that the state government should proceed to relocate them as planned, as soon as possible as they are government employees.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo (FKJGP) Sawsymper Circle on Tuesday opened the 6th Open Knockouts Football Tournament 2022 which was held at the ground of S. Ferrando Secondary School. Retired Government Officer Rangstarwell Wankhar was the chief guest to open the tournament. Reginald R. Thabah Assistant Secretary FKJGP was the chief guest at Langsymphut Village. Important Emblem.
The BJP president has understood the voice of the people after the election.
The arrest of many drug traffickers by the state police in recent days and the seizure of many drugs has been a source of great shock, sadness and encouragement to the parents and the public. all spirits.
Among the five schools that took part, Sacred Heart Boys HSS won the title after a spectacular match against Christ Church HSS. The teams played 23 to 23 at the end of the normal time and to get the winner and loser they had to play again and finally the Sacred Hearts Boys scored 9 goals and 5 baskets.
He said the city has set up a district task force to track down and repatriate foreigners who have illegally entered the state.
From this, the word 'Teh Lakam' came out.
He said the figure, if it is true so far, shows that the death toll in Britain could be 18,400 or more than 6,000, which is more than the government's figure.
Israel remains a nation because it will have to fight a terrible battle in the future after the rebuilding of the Third Temple in Jerusalem.
“They cannot implement the roster without looking at the recruitment quota because of the policy, at District Level the implementation of the roster is different, because it does not go to 80% Garo or Khasi. -Jaiñtia but if you don't apply for the job, how can you implement the roster without reviewing the policy? If the government wants to implement the roster, it will have to turn to the policy itself because the policy and the roster are in conflict”.
The Waheh Chnong of Saitsama, Karbar Syngkong, gave the welcome speech, the welcome speech was delivered by Samla L.Sumtingkha and the meeting was conducted by LK Laloo President of Vanglai Club, Saitsama.
She said that the Lokayukta Act came into being after a long struggle of the citizens of the State but it is shocking and angry at the same time because now the powers of the people have been weakened and the intentions of the people of the State have been destroyed. this Act.
She said that as this disease is incurable, it is very important.
Four Border Hats in Khasi-Jaintia, Bholaganj, Shibbari, Ryngku and one in Lum Garo, Nailkata.
It can be said that the declaration of Telangana state has been like igniting other groups and organizations of different states to come forward to demand a state by holding various curfews.
With this decision of the Association, it will be a great opportunity for the players of the state and at the same time the players will need more and more hard work to train themselves in order to improve themselves and their team. state in this event on different platforms.
Deputy Chief Whip, Pyniaid Sing Syiem distributed the prizes to the winners.
Dr Fabian Lyngdoh in his speech expressed his disagreement with the statement that there is a shortage of jobs in the state but it is the lack of skills of our people to do the jobs here.
"A group of militants attacked them, one soldier died on the spot while another died on the way while being taken to a hospital in Guwahati," said a BSF chief. After they were shot dead, the robbers also stole their INSAS rifles.
He said that the youth was seriously ill and is still in critical condition and the authorities of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh have sent him immediately to the Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. the appropriate treatments.
"We will elect candidates who have the confidence to achieve the goal and this will be done through good consultation with the party leaders in Garo Hills including BG Momin," Marak said.
His body was taken to his hometown of Mootyrshiah at 5 pm today from his home in Mookyrdup Jowai.
The CSWO has received many complaints that taxis have their own destinations to carry passengers until they are full, such as going to Iewduh, Motphran. bad Khyndail.
The incident happened at 1:30 pm when Sagar Thakuri, who was driving his motorcycle, collided with the motorcycle of Amrit.
The Seng Khasi Nongthymmai Pyllun, relatives, friends, neighbors and neighbors witnessed the ceremony.
In October, police seized T.6,65,450 lakh.
The office of the District Agriculture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday conducted a one day fertilizer making training at Namdong B village.
“The procession also reminds us that it is our journey on this earth and Jesus Himself walked with us.
On the other hand, Mr. Dhar promised to provide his support and assistance in relation to the activities of the Kur Dhar. of the Kur, so that he may help as much as he can, for the good of the Kur Dhar.
In the second half, Diwian also struggled to score the first goal but due to the strong foundation of the players behind Wahkaji, Wahkaji FC managed to score the first goal.
“We need to protect and preserve the water supply especially the rainwater,” he said.
AITC spokesperson Saket Gokhale continued to criticize the MDA government led by Chief Minister Conrad Sangma.
The District Coordinator, Swachh Bharat Mission (G), East Jaintia Hills District, Bah W. Buam, in his keynote address, explained about the celebration of Swachh Bharat Diwas. campaign and during the celebration, many programs were held with the aim of encouraging the participation of the people. He also spoke about the Jan Andolan and the need for Sampoorn Wwachh. about the cleanliness of the morning.
Replying to a question, Bah Paul said that there are cases where Heads of Government have gone abroad and submitted reports and there are also those who have not submitted reports or the reports have not submitted at all.
On Friday, Defense Minister Amit Shah said that those who carry weapons should return them before the state police.
On seeing the police, the four robbers fled into the forest leaving the bikes behind.
The water has filled half of the house and all the lyntang have been washed away, because it is not a house built of dewbilat, but a house built only of lyntang and covered only by tin suda. everything.
When she was three months old, the baby in the womb realized that she could no longer hide herself.
The inspection was led by Bah Petrius Khymdeit, President of HNYM, Ri Bhoi, Bah Khrawkupar Warjri, Working President and other members. Also present were Bah Karbius Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Nongrim Nongladaw and other Village Leaders.
However, it is surprising that the Meghalaya government has not sent any authorities to plead during the hearing of the case.
Pass or fail depends on the teaching methods and the hard work of the children.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) has suspended the Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) for violating the rules and regulations.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The match between Nongrim Hills SC and Lawsohtun SC will be played at 2:45 pm today. Hills University Shillong and the Sports Authority of India today held a 6.5 KM race as part of the promotional activities for the Khelo India Games
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said, “We have taken some decisions and I have also directed the relevant department, the Inspector General (IG) to submit all the information. detailed, what challenges they face, whether in terms of materials or human resources.
The union has demanded that the MP should take action to complete these bridges and to clean up the road, so that the people of the area can travel easily.
Now we are one of the top four teams in the world, but we will not stop from this fight.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit MLA Nongkrem Constituency as the chief guest, Bah I Warbah Shnong, Bah F Kharsahnoh President Club, Bah B Lyngdoh Chairman Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun, Bah K Bishar. R Warkhyllew Secretary Club and Member Shillong Sports Association and the elders of the entire area.
The Crafts Bazaar showcased handicrafts from across India by showcasing One District One Product (ODOP), GI certified handicrafts and handicrafts made by indigenous craftsmen and artists. longkmie.
Ask the CM about the Nongstoin-Kyrshai road whether it is too late to be completed or not.
This road leads to Mawkyrwat, Nongnah, Ranikor, Balat Borsara and Lawbah to Hat Mawdon on the Bangladesh border.
Vodafone has 6 towers which have been cut off and the remaining electricity bill is T.23.38 lakh, while the company has 20 towers which have not been cut off and the electricity bill is T.23.38 lakh. The outstanding amount for these towers is T.5.34 lakh.
Before the explanation, a short meeting was conducted by Alan Niangti, Waheh Shnong Loompyrdi Iongpiah and speeches by an elder, OH Toi.
In his speech, the Minister said that he is not proud of the award but he is proud of the cooperation of the Governing Body, teachers, students and all those involved with the college.
The Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Adviser during their visit to Delhi, also met with the President of India Droupadi Murmu on Saturday.
The film will be shown only once a day and will be shown three times a day at 11:00 pm, 1:00 pm, 3:00 pm, 5:00 pm and 7:00 pm.
And Jesus answering said unto them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.
Three persons have died today from East Khasi Hills.
According to the latest exit poll from Delhi, the BJP will form another government in Tripura, the NDPP will form another government in Nagaland but in Meghalaya there will be a coalition government. the party that won the majority.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, along with government ministers and other loved ones, left for Sohra to accompany the body of the Speaker.
Shillong, July 05 : The Green Heart Boxing Club (GHBC) would like to extend its congratulations and blessings to the members of the Club who have been selected and represented the State in the 66th National School Games ( boxing competition) will be held in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh from 6th to 9th July
He introduced the Meghalaya Eastern Frontier Regulation Bill 1979 but the Legislative Assembly rejected the resolution.
“We will have the equipment to ensure that the construction of the roads is in accordance with the requirements, and these technological equipment are infallible,” he said.
Blah said he worked in Uttar Pradesh until
One of them is that Ms. Badarit respects the rich like Bah J.Wanniang who works as Chowkidar at Sub-centre Seinduli who has become one of the richest people in our area.
“Any coal except 14 or 15 lakh metric tonnes is illegal and all sales (of such coal) will go only to the Government budget, and nothing will be paid to them. three," Katakey said.
“As the people, we should be wise to elect leaders to the Legislative Assembly who have the right to make laws for the people,” he said. never to be determined by the power of money.
The Secretary of the Rotary Club, Rtn, Rudolf Eustace Laloo (PHF) handed over the money to the DC of WJH. The FCI kit is located in Khliehtyrshi.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Dr. DD Lapang, Secretary to the State Government, Mayrald Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Balajied Ranee MDC Nongpoh, DP Wahlang, Principal. Secretary, RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Director of DSEL, VS Nongbet, Jt.
On the same night, when they came to collect the body of Mohammed, the doctors demanded that they be released, but there was a clash between the children's doctors and the relatives of Mohammed, until two of them were killed. doctor child injured.
On this occasion, he urged the people to vote for the UDP and vote in the shape of a bomb on the 27th so that on the 2nd of October he will be the leader of the people of Mawlai Constituency. He also promised to continue to work hard for the development of Mawlai Constituency besides the work he has done and served the people.
A total of 11 people have died of COVID-19, bringing the total number of deaths to 1073 on Thursday.
Why can't our leaders end this blockade by the army to the residents of Mawshabuit from time to time? There should be no end by setting the right path for the people and there should be no obstacle in the traffic.
The containment order was lifted after receiving a report from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare that the number of cases has decreased.
The Seng has been preparing through various programs this year in connection with the celebration of 2020 as the Year of Farmers.
However, as usual in this state, such competitions will promote the wealth of someone instead of promoting sports in the state.
For the 2023 elections, the UDP has wanted him to be the candidate and wants him to continue to serve as the leader but God's removal of Bah Don on 20th June, is something we cannot question because it is the will of God.
When asked whether the upheaval within the Congress party in these days is due to the defeat of Dikanchi D Shira, the party candidate in the last MP election from Tura Parliamentary constituency, he said, “ That cannot be the reason, because it is what we already know that we are fighting against the sympathy vote, if you look closely at the Congress party in the past you see how ugly it is but look at the “It's not like we've done well in the last elections, there's no point in blaming us,” said Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The first conversation was in 2010 and after that, the conversation continued in 2011 and in the second conversation, Bah Shlur's reply to Father, was “I said if you send school I don't have anything, from clothes to food and drink, you have to provide for yourself and the priest. In 2012, he started his class I studies at Good Shepherd, Lad Rymbai.
He said that the Election Committee will consider all the requirements because the party also looks forward to the people who have the position and authority to serve the people and especially those who obey the party. party because in KHADC there is no law to ban the formation of political parties.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Prestone Tynsong said that through the opening of the Milk Collection Centre, the milk collection center in the area will strengthen the production and breeding of cows in the state. whole.
They requested the Sengbhalang to help in any way so that the players of the area can be like others.
The age check will be held at Tirtot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang while the age check will be held at Domsohphlang Square, Markasa from 10 am on the 5th June
Vinat Sangma said that the 35 households had banned others from playing cricket at the village ground because they said that the ground had been handed over to Assam after the arrangement. border distributed through an MOU last year.
The purpose of this competition is to select the best athletes to represent the State in the upcoming National Level competitions.
“In Ri Bhoi District we have 32 factories and about 12 in Byrnihat and 20 in Umiam. of the country and the people living in the area will face a health risk,” said Bah Jyrwa.
Wilfred said that it is necessary to improve the spelling of the Khasi language but it is not easy alone and the initiative of Starfing to publish this book is the key.
With a heavy heart, the shlem U Nongsaiñ Hima has decided to reduce the number of pages in the newspaper from 10 to 8 pages since materials used in the printing and publication of the newspaper.
Regarding the meeting with the Ministers of Mylliem Hima, the HYC said that it will meet with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum to discuss the issue. HYC Central Body Vice President Donbok Kharlyngdoh said that the party has not been able to meet with the CEM, because he has a meeting and will soon meet him. “It's a good idea to have Daju in Iewduh, even if they don't wear uniforms,” said Donbok.
Believe it or not, the Khasi are descendants of a king from the Middle East.
Therefore, in these days we need to have the power to work and this is the power of government or politics.
Shillong, Nailar 4: The emergence of social media like Facebook, Twitter and others is like “Dr Jekyll and Mr Hide” - where one person can bring good and which is also bad at the same time.
(L) Fast Sari, Chairman of the Jaintia Milk Union, was welcomed by the Jaintia Milk Union.
It is hoped that those who have been extorted money by the robbers will come forward to complain to the police and the police will take the necessary action.
He added that the officers of the education department are doing their utmost to release the salaries of teachers this year.
Therefore, all of us know our neighbor, we know God, and we know the Lord the Creator.
In other words, the story of Dr Faustus is that this rich man made a social contract with the devil and sold and gave his soul to the devil for personal gain.
Two meals will be served with tea".
“We have advised the Prison authorities to install some electricity at the most important places.
It was decided to make India a Hindu Rashtra; in addition, there was a proposal to build a Parliament of Religions in Kashi Varanasi, Gujarat.
The coaches of Meghalaya are Pynskhem L Nonglai, Wilfred Kharmaw Long and Noyontho Marak.
Shillong: There has been a rapid increase in the number of cases of coronavirus in Nongkseh village, 3mer, Upper Shillong, with 39 cases and 3 deaths. and the whole town of Nongkseh was shut down.
the doors, the windows, the windows, the houses are broken down. Who else can open them? Who will stop...?"The disease has destroyed and destroyed! What can we think now? How can we survive here? Since the beginning of the curfew and the closure of businesses, we have been able to meet our fellow vendors. field with the day laborers to discuss how to do it.
Speaking at a two-day meeting at St Anthony College, Shillong, Rijiju said the North East needs such a training center to develop science in the region.
The race was divided into categories by age where men and women between the ages of 18 to 35 years, then from 7 to 15 years, then 35 years old. up to 45 years, as well as those over 45 years old who wish to participate.
Leh awria pleases the body.
Even if we compare ourselves with the ethnic groups in India, we are one of the smallest ethnic groups.
There were some constituencies where the baje worked and some where the Singh worked but when we listened to the voice of the people it was understood that if the victory goes anywhere it will be more than a little bit. It is also understood that the victory here may go to the NCP or the Baje party which does not have the incumbent MLA Sanbor Shullai.
At the same time, he said that the high fees in schools is a very serious issue and some parents have come to meet him on this issue.
Shillong: In the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate Examination, 2020, in the subject Arts, 74.34 percent passed or 18,039 out of 24,267 candidates passed.
For the first time, North Liberty HSS has played three finals in 2019 and has won and led the district to the state level.
The SCC prayed for Vikash's family.
The SP of West Garo Hills said that at the time of the incident, five policemen were riding in a Gypsy on patrol. They have visited the area and are still waiting for a detailed report on the incident.
He said that the youths who are stranded in different states should not worry about the train fare, as the government has already taken special trains to bring them to Guwahati Railway station.
The documents relating to the hearing on the death of Bah Marbaniang and the report of the Special Investigation Team will be placed with the High Court officer.
At the same time, he said that they are grateful for the support they have received from the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangam and the Minister of State, Bah Shakliar Warjri. is now beginning to show fruit.
“I am overjoyed with the recognition given to “Eikhoigi Yum”, which is my first project.
Therefore, the MC&GO leaders also demanded from the CFO, that he should conduct a thorough inspection and investigation into the smuggling of Rnga, so that it can escape from them. you shall not destroy the fire of Mariang.
The incident in Mukroh, where up to three people were shot dead by the Assam police, has been a tragic incident and has caused inexplicable pain especially to the families, youth and the public. .
“I don't know what's useless.
The meeting was chaired by former Indian football icon Bhaichung Bhutia, Minister of State, MHA, Sushmita Dev (MP), Gaurav Gogoi (MP), Karma Paljor (Business). Editor, CNN-IBN), Conrad Sangma (Former Government Minister Meghalaya), Imo Singh (MLA, Manipur), G G Kamei (IRS), Hekani Jakhalu (Director, YouthNet), Tanushree Hazarika (Managing Director, Eclectic Group), Dr Lalrin Jahau (Surgeon, Mizoram) and Bjorn Deneise (GM, Mayfair Hotels).
Jowai, June 29 : The 10th Kiang Nangbah Inter Office Badminton Tournament 2023, organized by the Meghalaya State Government Employees Federation, Jowai Jaintia Unit, has come to an end. This was held on the 28th of this month at the Indoor Hall of the Seiñ Raij Jowai.
The MDA government (NPP, UDP) is a government that has power over those who don't have power...Is there any reason to dismiss them just because they are old or old, can't do anything with those who are fresh? .
I don't have a television,” he said.
Four years after his departure from Bollywood, SRK has come back to attract many through Pathaan and it was through this that Time Magazine selected him as one of Time's 100 Most Influential. List.
The Dorbar urges and requests the Regional Committees of Meghalaya to include the JHADC, Dolloi, Waheh Shnongs, Seng Bhalang Leaders and Elders of the area in this Committee and to visit the Committee. even unto the cities that are in the uttermost parts of the border.
After two HSPDP MLAs supported the NPP to form a government, the UDP and PDF have now proposed to form a government with the NPP and BJP. The UDP and PDF on 4th October have threatened that the two HSPDP MLAs should return to their homes to lead the government. fulfill this purpose.
Speaking on the occasion, u ma O.H.Toi congratulated the leaders of the KKCNC for their good work of the KKCNC. respect in human dignity especially in this age which is filled with evils that reach the homes and society.
For those who are not of the Christmas faith, we can say that it doesn't matter to them who take the opportunity to earn money.
She also announced the measures taken by the CRC-Shillong to provide adequate services to people with disabilities. also.
The EC JHADC will also appoint four other council employees to assist the IAO. The CEM said this while presenting the 2023-24 budget on Friday.
At this meeting, the District Councils were informed that the Central Government's request to amend the Sixth Schedule is currently with the Parliamentary Standing Committee. There is still something to suggest, but as it is, the District Councils and the State Government have expressed their unity.
Referring to the recent speech of AITC leader and former Chief Minister Mudkul Sangma, Ronnie said that compared to West Bengal which has 42 Lok Sabha seats, Meghalaya has 42 Lok Sabha seats. there are only 2 seats.
“I don't have any problem writing or speaking Mizo, but my dream is to learn to speak English.
Shillong, June 12: The Meghalaya football team on Tuesday left the state to take part in the final round of the Santosh Trophy in Kerala.
This happened at his residence in Mawlai Nongmali, Shillong on Tuesday night.
“Brothers and sisters, let us be vigilant because there are many evil people outside who cause trouble among us who are the indigenous people to lead to bloodshed. each other that they may laugh at one another.
Nongpoh, Lber 26 : The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Eastern Zone today launched the Women's Open to All Knock-Out Football Tournament. Football Tournament at Umeit Village Stadium in Ri-Bhoi, after two teams reached the final of the tournament.
He said that due to the increase in prices, the income of the state has been affected and there is no income to spend.
Alexandra, Karishma and Priyanka play forward.
I remember well, he didn't give us a single tyngka, but to the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council, he gave two one time grants, if I'm not mistaken, the first one, he gave T.3 crore, the second. you have T.4 crore, you are T.7 crore"
Danggo said he has to obey his people, because they are the ones who will take the final decision to win or lose him in the upcoming elections.
“At the same time, the Minister informed that the project will start in April and it is expected that in November they will start the work which they expect two years to complete.
Speaking to media after the General Executive Council meeting, the President of the VPP, Bah Charlie Rani, said that the party believes that the VPP's demand for The Reservation Policy should be amended by allocating quotas according to the number of paid members and also in relation to their demand to suspend until a proper policy can be introduced.
AIS SujaThe love of money is the nature of man.
“I appeal to the HNLC, please come back to the talks because if we don't talk face to face, whatever we want, we won't get anywhere.
“According to information from the Meghalaya Basin Development Authority, the Rain Museum and Research Center will be set up through the MBDA under its Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Programme.
The election took place and Shri Stanley D.D.Nichols Roy polled 12,728 votes against the respondent No.1 Sri Nichols Roy was declared elected.
And the soldiers likewise demanded of him, saying, And what shall we do? Jesus said to them, “Don't forbid anyone.
What will be remembered in the heritage of the Seng Khasi Kmie is his understanding and understanding of the sacred Lum Sohpetbneng.
He said that the traffic in this area is not safe because recently a mother was robbed by people from this area.
Through this rally, which was also attended by the Garo people living in Meghalaya and in the presence of many churches, they strongly condemned the incident and demanded that the law enforcement agencies should take action against them. They have taken steps to conduct an investigation, so that the people accused of involvement in the death of these two, should be arrested immediately.
“Bah Shakliar said that the Government has held many meetings to look into all the requirements for the tournament including the accommodation of the players, the venues and others. others.
D is the subject of Chemistry at NEHU, Shillong in
It is worth mentioning that 70 percent of the scheme has been allocated in the rural areas and 50 percent in the urban areas.
However, she said that it is better to wait without setting a time limit because this is a big task and requires long and careful thought.
As you know, the Ing Dorbar Shnong will soon be opened and now you have a colorful road to make it easier for you to travel.
In Greater Shillong, urban life has become on par with other cities in the world.
However, if a leader is accustomed to lying and cheating, how much more will his followers be encouraged and encouraged to do more than he does.
Bah Pyniaid also gave an example that this will be of benefit in the smooth governance of the District Council and to avoid wrong decisions.
I don't want to blame anyone but it hurts my heart to see that the money given by the Central Government is being wasted.
In Garo Hills, BSF troops have trained about 24 youths to train themselves in house keeping, cooking and driving.
It is a pity for the short-sightedness of those copycats who are quick to create trouble when they are with their group.
Santa, who is also the MLA of Sutnga Saipung constituency, said that many of the villages in this constituency share the border with Bangladesh such as Borsara, Lejri, Lahalein, Huroi and Hingaria.
The meeting was held at the Dorbar Hall of Nongkasen Village, in the presence of the family members of these children, Bah MH Thabah, one of the elders of Nongkasen Village. KP Sun, Head Teacher, Govt.
Other members of the Executive Committee are Rakibor Rahman, Bhupen Syiem and Diningroy Marwein.
The BJP members have been protesting Wagle's remarks against Narendra Modi and LK Advani after Advani was elected to the Bharat Ratna. .
“I will be a leader not only for myself but for the region and the nation as a whole,” said Bah Lyndem.
When asked how he feels that the NPP has decided not to cooperate with the BJP in the upcoming elections, Dr Ao said he has seen this statement by the NPP leaders especially from its National President. Conrad K Sangma said the NPP will go alone in the 2023 MLA elections but remember that without the BJP no one can form a new government in Meghalaya.
According to Passah, the Director of the department has also said that the department strongly opposes the government's plan to allocate land to the army in Upper Shillong.
However, the team could not complete the investigation within that time.
Also present on the occasion were LW Nongpluh, Principal of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, Mr. SS Lyngkhoi, Additional SDSEO, Mr. S. Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools and others.
Before the swearing-in ceremony, a prayer was offered by the President of JYF Women Wings, Arlin Dkhar.
The girl, whose name has not been revealed, is a schoolgirl from Henan province and used the money about 449,500 yuan (Rs.52,19,809) after receiving her mother's money card. is at home and usually spends on mobile games.
I would also like to thank these Rangbah and parents and children of the youth villagers who distributed the foodgrains on 02/05/2 During these times of lockdown, in order to prevent the spread of Covid 19, I would like to donate foodgrains to all the poor and needy families who have lost their income during these times.
This was announced by Bah Dawan Lyngdoh MDC 10-Mynsngat-Khanduli Constituency.
Since there are still people who are still searching for God, let us look again at the Bible.
Qatar has made it clear in talks with Indian government spokesman Deepak Mittal that it wants the Indian government to apologize for the insult to the Prophet and that the Indian government will condemn the insult. this is your speech.
“The disruption in the form of unscheduled and unproven protests will affect all these things, as well as the environment of the university,” said the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of the university. Prof. PS Shukla in a statement.
Earlier, the Philippine government had suspended its ambassador to Canada after the country did not take the necessary action before 15 June
The people of the country must continue to be supported and empowered to bring about lasting change.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : U BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin on Tuesday said that the party is ready to welcome former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma if he joins the BJP in Meghalaya. anything can time.
Marriage was no longer as honorable as God had purposed, so he rained fire on Sodom and Gomorrah.
Ved Mani Tiwari, CEO, NSDC and MD, NSDC International said that the financial sector in India has grown in recent years and the youth need to be encouraged.
“I don't understand the beauty of Diana Hayden,” said Biplab.
But we cannot do anything because we still have to live with nature – we need nature and nature needs us.
The ICMR's Cancer Registry Program has found that the incidence of cancer from tobacco will reach 48.7% in the country by
He wished all the students success in their studies.
He said that if the people give their support and through the will of God he will go and advocate himself in Parliament to demand ILP, border settlement and especially to achieve the ILP. Maieid Hoping's wish to amend Article 6 and others.
They said that the CEC has banned Ardent from speaking to the media and has warned that the President should not speak to the media without the permission of the CEC. When asked why Bah Ardent was banned from speaking to the media, they were surprised to say but Later, they said that most of the time when he speaks, he speaks about things that the CEC has not taken a decision on and they believe that this speech raises many issues that other parties will have the opportunity to defeat the HSPDP. They said that they have experienced this in the mid-term MDC elections where they said that the party has lost in constituencies that they did not think of losing just because of the criticism of other parties on some issues. issues.
But Paul alone did not write anything about the birth, ministry, and humanity of Jesus.
“If you are willing to come and sit down and discuss but if you are a thief you will destroy the state.
The Minister said that the program will open the door for the youth to move forward in their career by guiding them to choose the right and useful career in their lives.
Shillong, Nailar 1: Among the districts in the state, Ri-Bhoi District has received the highest number of PMGSY roads this year.
Shillong: The Principal Secretary to the State Government, Education, today said that the State Government has not yet reached a decision to reopen schools.
Kalpana Sangma, the wife of the late Chokpot MLA Clifford Marak, said she is another candidate who has confirmed herself to contest the GNC election. also as the Acting President of the party.
He said that so far the district authorities have allowed only 250 trucks to smuggle goods to Bangladesh and this has made it difficult for other traders to start trading and also to pay the loans allowed to other trucks. involved in this business.
LaLiga and Foundation LaLiga in collaboration with the Vicente Ferrer Foundation in collaboration with the Rural Development Trust, have selected 20 girls from the community of a rural village in Anantapur. for the purpose of receiving financial assistance and food in relation to education for a period of ten years.
They were taken to Jowai District Hospital, but at 2.30 pm on the 14th, the eldest son of Brial, Niki Dkhar, 10, died at the hospital.
The party also said that it will fight against corruption and that those who deserve it should get it, and will not allow any appointment system in a slow or slow manner.
Shillong, Lber 04 : A group of SSA teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya SSA Schools' Association (MSSASA) on Monday continued their demand for the creation of posts and the transfer of 12,541 teachers. In this regard, the group has also met with the State Project Director Samagra Shiksha, Swapnil Tembe to fill these posts. Lower Primary and Upper Primary Schools.
Wherever those teachings of Him are, they are in the Holy Book, the Bible, and they are also in the teachings of the Church which He Himself established.
Ad Libs were broadcast on All India Radio (AIR) to provide information on various topics.
Besides the football ground, it has been completely destroyed, but the government has also arranged to evacuate it to Bangladesh.
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what is still to be dealt with with full authority on the word: Penance: means thanksgiving is to repent; but it is what is wrong in human society.
During the meeting, there was also a discussion on these issues and suggestions on how to prevent them.
The appearance of these false news is like burning dead trees in a blazing fire, until the people no longer observe the curfew.
The closing date for receipt of applications is 22/12/2
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Elevenson Wanniang in the presence of the office bearers of Mawten Sports Club, elders of Mawten village and spectators.
A case has been registered under various sections of the Arms and ULA (P) Act at Pattan police station and the investigation is ongoing, police officials said.
Earlier, the people of Ayodhya had been waiting for Rama's return.
The two KSU members were identified as Gary Mawlieh from Mawlai, who was arrested in connection with the incident in Mawroh and Cleanstar Shabong from Nongthymmai, who was arrested in connection with the incident in Ichamati.
Unfortunately, many of the natives died.
The event was organized by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the District Sports Officer.
The IRCS has also distributed masks to these villages including Jowai, Nongbah, Ialong, Ummulong, Larnai, Shkenpyrsit, Ammutong, Amsarin, Amlarem, Sohmynting, Trangblang, Pdengshakap, Pamtbuh, Amjalong, Muktapur and Sankhat.
The Chief Minister of Assam will also visit Churachandpur district, Manipur next month.
Komik said he wants the school which he has set up to teach youngsters to play music to survive.
“We hope that you will run the house according to the AD rules,” said Bah PN Syiem.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 6,3
Large and small villages have been destroyed during the Kyllang.
“You MLAs who have promised to speak to you parties who have formed election promises on this issue please show by your actions that God will judge you that your wealth will not benefit you but and before that happens please repent," she urged.
Meanwhile, Russia said the new membership and NATO expansion were a major threat to Russia.
Sources close to the TMC and the BJP said that the plan to join the BJP is still under discussion with the BJP leaders in Meghalaya.
The city of the dead.
“Yes, remember to arrange for us to go to Linda's house.
The death toll in the past 24 hours has risen to
"Regarding the challenges she has faced, Bertina said that many of the challenges she has faced in her life because she has to rely on others, many people don't know her. what book she needs and in that book those who have and cannot spend their time sitting with her.
He strongly criticized the Congress candidate Ma Vincent H Pala who said that in the MP elections only the National Parties should be elected because an MP from the National Parties if elected will be like a fish in the ocean.
On July 13, the court sentenced Deb to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of T.1 lakh.
Shillong, Nailar 27: The Meghalaya Eco-Friendly Students' Union (MEFSU) has demanded that the definition of the word 'Khlaw' should be in accordance with the provisions of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills Autonomous Hills Act. District (Management and Control of Forests) Act, 1958.
HS School beat Jaintia Secondary School 4-0
The match on 5.10.2023 will be between Sohmynting and Khliehïongriang at 2 pm.
“Through this market, we can also monitor the farming without the use of fertilizers and we also have Field Coordinators who will monitor and inspect the farming methods of the farmers,” he said. you are Lamare.
sum also did not get well from lor had to attend three thousand patients.
They said that if only 30 ml of this cleaned drug containing only 37% formalhyde enters the body, a person can die.
These activities can be related to agriculture, food security, protection of endangered wildlife or plants, cleanliness and more.
The Security Advisor to the Manipur Government, Kuldiep Singh, said that the curfew has been extended for 15 hours in Imphal West, Imphal East, Thoubal and Bishnupur districts and 12 hours in Imphal. Kakching and Pherzawl districts and 8-10 hours in other districts of Manipur.
We must also acknowledge that it is wrong to take education only as a means of getting a Government job.
The Union has invited the leaders and members of the Seng Samla which are the departments that work with the Union to take part in the election.
When asked, Hazare said he welcomed Arvind Kejriwal to join the hunger strike, but said, "I will not allow him to sit here with me.
Scientists say that the celestial body will move very fast, passing through the moon in just 10 minutes.
Rao Nongtri, Publicity Secretary of the RBYF, Western Zone, said that the RBYF, after receiving many complaints from the people, has decided to Therefore, the union has demanded from the government to provide a dentist at CHC Patharkhmah.
The chief guest was accompanied by Jupita Umdor, Officer of the Statistics Department, Pastor Rev. Bornwell Wankhar and others who came to congratulate the guests including those who donated and young people who came to perform with their songs.
She said that the idea earlier was to set up a Coaching Center but when the school is opened, even in Class I or Class II, they come to enroll and they cannot hesitate to start the school.
President: 2 Laws.
Shillong: U Professor Lakhon Kma, who has announced his candidacy for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, has raised several issues that need to be brought about in the development of the surrounding areas in the seven districts. and when it comes to bringing about economic growth, it must be salonsar.
The KHADC will start by convening a meeting at Iewduh on the 11th of this month in the presence of the District Council, Mylliem Hima and all the market dwellers.
The introduction of the Prevention of Illicit Trafficking in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act, 1988 (PITNDPS) is the best time and the government should immediately set up an Advisory Board so that the provisions under this Act.
“The purpose of the VPP is to bring about a change in the fight against corruption which has plagued the state, which has made it in the lowest position in all aspects and to become a the poorest state," he added.
During the inspection, it was found that in this area since November every year, the residents have started to plant other crops such as rice, jhur. such as kajor, dhonia, motor and other types of jhur.
The union said that it hopes to get skilled shooters even if they are children with disabilities.
These include 76 posts of Sub Inspector, 1255 posts of Constable and 1637 posts of Constable.
We will not fight for the seat in any way,” said the Working President of KHNAM, Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Indeed, according to the old system of village governance of the Bri u Hynniewtrep since ancient times, only a man can sit in the Dorbar Shnong and elect the Rangbah Shnong and this is still the case today.
Speaking to reporters, Angelica said that the reason why she didn't want to enter the house when her house burnt down was because she had a feeling of compassion for her husband. and the younger brother that was left in the house.
Where is the religion? And how do you do it?
We have policemen waiting at the check-gate.
The power outage started at midnight on Tuesday and all day on Monday and until about 4:30 pm on Tuesday.
However, what is the Government doing to produce fish from its own State? Shouldn't it have thought of producing khambun fish from its own State? Besides these non-edible fish, beef and pork should not be eaten because they have been found to be infected.
Iaraplang Nongrum, a player of Laikor Rngi SC, who has also taken part in the Womens League, has been selected to join the football coaching staff. Bhaichung Bhutia Football Schools is located in Nashik, Maharashtra.
Justice Katakey said that the Secretary of Mining and Geology and officials of Coal India Limited have handed over to him the preparations for the auction of the coal and the counting of the coal will be completed within 10 days. and after this the report shall be submitted to him.
Former Executive Engineer of PWD, Bah Ransom Sutnga, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Vice President of FKJGP North Khasi Hills, Bah Pateng Myrsing, Working President of CoRP were also present on the occasion. The meeting was attended by TVWPS office bearers including Bah R Sten, Chairman, Bah Alos Nongpoh, General Secretary and the people of the area.
If we look closely, we will see that the Naga sub-tribes are divided into Clans.
The Legislative Assembly of KHADC (session) dated 22 July 2014 passed the Bill and the District Council has sent the Bill to the Governor of Meghalaya for assent. .
This competition will not only showcase the talented sportsmen from our state, but will also encourage the residents to have a healthy body.
Shillong, June 26 : The fourth round of the Meghalaya State League will start in June as part of the Meghalaya Football Association's objective to promote the sport in the state.
On this day, 300 tree seedlings were planted in the village areas directed by the Dorbar Shnong Nongkhlaw.
The stone throwing also damaged a police vehicle, a Special Purpose Vehicle.
Due to the intensity of the protests, the government has imposed a curfew in these areas such as Motphran, Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Wahingdoh, Umsohsun, Riatsamthiah, Mission Compound, Wahthapbru and other areas.
In East Khasi Hills, 99 cases were reported from 4 health workers, 3 from Lumparing cluster, 4 from Madan Laban, 6 from Mawlai, 5 from Mawlynrei Nonglum, 4 from Umphyrnai Dymmiew.
The Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, after receiving a letter from the Prime Minister, sought the approval of the House and it agreed today to extend the session for another 10 days.
The talks on the formation of a government have not progressed well.
The child, inside the website, has filled in all the information from the name, address and other details which can be found the 7-year-old child.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Director of Education and Literacy Ambrose CH Marak said that out of the more than 200 teachers who have been illegally appointed so far, only 23 teachers from Garo Hills have been appointed. They have not yet responded to the allegation, while no one from Khasi Jaintia has yet responded.
However, it is a writing that affects US, not just ME.
When asked what the government will do about such incidents, Prestone said, “I have seen that incident and it is sad and not only that, but I have also seen that such incidents. accidents happen from day to day.
U Bah Metbah said that since the construction of the building, there have been many problems from time to time but he expressed his gratitude for the cooperation and responsibility taken by the officers of all government agencies.
There are some countries in the world where this movement of the earth from one place to another is due to the wind.
Therefore, the JSU fully supports the KNGCSU on these well-founded and necessary demands.
The Cabinet meeting today approved the members of the Expert Committee on Reservation Policy, including Retd.Justice Mool Chand Garg as Chairperson. .) Satish Chandra, Expert in Law, Prof.DB Kumar, Expert in Sociology from NEHU, Prof Chandra Shekhar, Expert in Population Studies, from Indian Institute of Population Studies, Mumbai and Prof Subhadeep Mukherjee is an expert in Economics from IIM, Shillong.
The Government said that it has deployed strict security forces to ensure that there will be no violence against the public, and said that even in schools it has deployed security forces. government offices, banks, or schools should be open on that day.
Espiranza Songthiang – Gold 2.
The KSU has urged the relevant department to take immediate action on this issue so that the students of this school can get the full benefit especially the students who are preparing for matric and the KSU is full of gratitude. that the students of this school have lost their education in science subject just because the government in charge of the education department has not taken action and trusted the schools which are located outside the city.
We need our own people to hold the reins of government so that we can be safer.
In the end, the Assamia will become the leaders of the Hima Rilum because they will see that the separation of the District Rilum will free them from their misery or will prevent them from losing their sovereignty over themselves. but on the Rithor District.
However, we are ready to hand over the powers entrusted to us by the rules of democracy to other parties.
Jayalitha was admitted to the hospital on 22nd November 2016 and died on 5th November
He said that children should understand their own talents and there are many universities in our country that provide training and support for them and benefit from them.
from selfishness to selfishness, or from selfishness to selfishness or holiness of spirit, from selfishness to selfishness or selfishness, from selfishness to anger like these beasts or from being like human beings to being like wild animals or wild beasts, from being worthless to being worthless or worthless, and so on.
“They should have strong leaders and we cannot expect much because we have only 2 leaders from the state and these leaders have little power to advocate for the state because “Of the 545 MPs, we must be with those who understand the problems of our people so that our voice can be heard here,” said Bah Challam.
The winners of the U-12 Open Football Tournament 2023 will go to the State Level.
The team will look into the testing methods, treatment monitoring, areas under the dam, availability of beds, ambulances, ventilators, oxygen, preventive injections. covid.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21 (PIB): The PM KISAN scheme is a scheme of the Central Government to meet the financial needs of farmers who own land.
During the march, the ASHA workers rejected the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh regarding the higher salaries, saying that everything is right.
I wonder where the engineers of roads and railways are.
However, there are still many people who do not have a job or a livelihood to support their families.
The Ministry of Commerce and Industry on Monday issued an order to all the states of the region including Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram and other states. Nagaland, Sikkim and Tripura.
The Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F Kharshiing, said that more than 3,000 participants will take part in the Games. shaid shaid now to prepare for this tournament.
Greetings to all of you, in the name of our Savior Jesus Christ.
Police have recovered the body on Saturday night and after verification, police have found that the body belongs to Saborika Dhar, 26, resident of Bivar Road. The complaint was lodged on the 2nd of this month that the girl has been missing from her home and no information has been received about her.
Bah Peter said that it is necessary to provide support, and to hold sports for U-15, U-17 as well and should be held in districts and blocks to develop more children.
Also present on the occasion were Rev. Richard Majaw, Rev. Pious Shadap and Rev. Julius Kurbah.
He concluded by saying that we should be respectful of water because the time will come when water is more precious than gold.
“I have seen and heard that he has visited places around my constituency by laying the foundation stone of various projects and distributing schemes to the people,” said Nihim.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its concern over the complaints of many people regarding the border market and the delay on the part of the DC to issue or renew the veendor and veende. this year.
The Governor of Manipur has passed away after a long illness. He was sworn in as the Governor of Manipur on 16th July,
Biang gave himself another match.
Seeing his brother injured, Simkalson Sangma went to help and after hearing the noise, the villagers came out and a clash broke out between the villagers who were on the side of Assam and who is from Meghalaya.
We must kill Him.” Furthermore, “...If the crowd (who shouted crucify crucify Him) spoke the truth they would say: “Oh! we know nothing but we have been misled by those in authority.
The fare for waiting for a taxi is T.7 per five minutes or longer.
The burial of the coal miners has been going on for six months since the 13th of this month, but so far no one has been able to rescue more than 13 people from the crematorium.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong said the Meghalaya government has directed all the Deputy Commissioners (DCs) and Superintendents of Police (SPs) to take care of the gates at all the borders of the state. vehicles that are recognized by the government.
The Central Government in its bid to amend Article 7 of the Constitution has changed the language of Autonomous District Councils to Territorial Councils. Territorial Council and also the Jaintia and Garo Hills Autonomous District Councils.
Can you explain? Answer: For the Modi Government, the safety of Women and Children is of utmost importance.
Dharani had returned by Coromandel Express to Chennai after dropping off his truck in Bangladesh.
The Chief Minister said that it would be good if MeECL would send a team of inquiry into the theft of electricity in Byrnihat Ri Bhoi District, but it is necessary that the people involved in this case, should be punished by law.
“What is special, father?” asked the mother. “You have forgotten that I was talking only to you,” said the father. “What is that? "Try to remember the mother. "Wa! you have forgotten," said the father and turned against his mother. "Oh! I remembered.
During the reign of the British Empire, there was a way of thinking that was forcibly introduced by the British to include the snap of the flag of the United Kingdom.
We look forward to witnessing this success in completing this project in order to improve the opportunities for electricity generation in the State and to avoid debt if we avoid buying electricity from abroad and that the Our Meghalaya will be fully equipped in terms of electricity generation.
“God is a Spirit: and they that worship him must worship him in spirit and in truth” John 4:2
Earlier, the Chief Minister said on Saturday that 27 residents of the State, who had gone on pilgrimage to Jerusalem, were stranded in Bethlehem due to the outbreak of fighting between Israel and Palestine.
Peniwell T. Sangma has been posted as Divisional Commandant, Tura until further notice.
He added that no people will be seriously injured in connection with the clash.
These allegations that the NEEPCO office has been moved to Shilong have appeared in the media and there have been Seng Bhalang groups who have demanded that it should be relocated, but this demand is as it is. Until these days, it has not been completed and it has been learned that the senior officers of NEEPCO have been operating from Guwahati and Shillong is no longer known as the Head Quarter of NEEPCO from Shillong.
Religion takes the lead in all these things to revive and remind, tawah – u tabah in their nature, mountains and rivers as the creatures of the natural world that endure forever to shap the soil. Blei, and the voice of soothing the soul of one's longbriew in relationship with Long-Blei which comes from the bottom of the soul in the relationship to avoid forgetting the bylling.
On the other hand, Bah Shemphang also expressed his special thanks to the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma for his initiative to implement the scheme for the school. school and to reassure the parents in the area that they do not need to send their children to school far away.
I agree that the Conrad government should pass an official resolution to enact the ILP because we cannot say that the state is in great danger from the infiltration of mynder especially since the Assam government has I see that many governments are silent without trusting the state and the rightful owners of this Khasi land even after demanding by the protests.
“We urge the government to look into all the 36 Khasi villages in Block-I in the demarcation of the boundary, because there is a confiscation of lands from the Karbi tribes, because they want to expand the border".
These villages which have been demarcated by the Assam Government are Noapara and Dronpara.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, on Tuesday urged the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, to stop the hunger strike. the state.
We don't trust the EC anymore because it just makes a promise to give us our salary when it calls for talks with us, while it doesn't do anything else,” said Johnson. The CEM in June said that if he cannot pay the salaries of the council employees, he will step down from the post of CEM. The day you released your salary is today.
Brazil has reported 965 new deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the death toll to 22,0
There are 515 ambulances, which have been deployed to transport these sick cows and this is a scheme which has never been used in India.
In the past few days, the KSU has visited Ratachera to inspect and found that the road has been deteriorating with the passing of the days which has embarrassed the state government in front of the four states of the North East like Mizoram. , Tripura, Manipur and Assam.
On this occasion, there will also be the distribution of certificates to those students who have completed their Khasi studies in the first semester of 2015-1
The Congress has 10 MDCs and if there is a proposal, the party will consider it with all the MDCs. Shillong: Police sources said that today, at 3 pm, three MDCs, Three persons, including Rinaldo Syiem, 29, Tiewly Warjri, 30 and Bahdeng, have fallen from the boat.
Therefore, they have hoped to win their 12th FA Cup title.
This order will not apply to security forces, medical teams and those working on COVID-19 duty, wholesale and retail pharmacies, police and armed forces, fire and emergency service, MeECL, NEEPCO and Power Grid, FCI vehicles, officers and employees of the corona care centres, press, print and electronic, Information and Public Relations Department and National Highway and Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd.
This is due to the dedication of the Government and departments to achieve the goal of being first among the 40 states that come forward,” he said.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Dr Mandaviya said, “These new NEIGRIHMS will provide many health facilities to the people of the Northeast.
He also urged all the students to train themselves to play sports as training to play sports will save us from many evils and also improves the mind.
Marak, in his complaint, said that a person who is not a Scheduled Tribe has been given the status of Scheduled Tribe. They demanded to clarify the scheduled tribe status of Mukul M Sangma, as he is the Chief Minister of the state.
They also said that there are still many people who are true residents of Ratacherra who have not received the syrnod village from the Wahehshnong.
“The people of both the states have the confidence and the assurance that the State Governments of both the states will resolve the differences, border disputes in the spirit of maintaining friendship among the people. from Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
However, she didn't think about these actions of her son until she received the AK-47 rifle that was delivered to her doorstep. There are serious crimes and a serious danger to him and the residents of the village in the future if he does not reveal his wrongdoing at that age.
The village authorities have registered the names of the people and plants affected but there has been no sign of damage or information to the village or the land owners.
After the opening ceremony, the three zones of Tura zone will be played at Chandmari Ground, Mawkyrwat zone at MDSA Ground and Shillong zone at Third Ground. the three zones will kick off their games on Saturday 13 January 2023.
Floods, soil erosion, affect the livelihood of the residents, affect the environment and also the income of Assam.
The Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) led by Ajit Pawar and nine NCP MLAs were sworn in as ministers in Maharashtra on Tuesday. The Shiv Sena-BJP is not led by the Shiv Sena. This shows that there is no friend or enemy in the world.
Therefore, Bah Robert said the government should look into this issue in relation to the demand for the Roster System.
Members of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Wahkaliar Unit distributed pamphlets to several villages as well as to the people who come and go to the area of ​​Wahkaliar.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 11: The social settlement agreement signed between Meghalaya and Assam, has shocked not only the people of Malangkona area, but all the residents along the border with Assam and the all the political parties in the state.
If the market vendors earn not less than 20 lakh tyngka per day and if the market vendors are removed, the State will lose money and the families of the market vendors will also starve.
On the other hand, the CEM will need to consult with the Executive Members and said that tomorrow they will take a decision on the matter.
“The good one is more expensive and the worse one is cheaper.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of War Jaintia Hills and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday decided to file a PIL in the Meghalaya High Court against the Waheh Shnongs of War Jaintia Hills. There is a corruption scandal in the construction of the Dawki-Amlarem-Jowai road (NH 40E) (now known as NH-206) which has been spent by the Central Government at a cost of T.43 crore.
From the rural areas, the majority of doctors are about 59% percent and most of them about 31% are still in Class 12th and cannot get a Full Medical Degree to provide full service to the people.
Interventions are in many areas, emergency or non-emergency assistance, accompaniment into hospitals when seriously ill or injured, appropriate assistance with legal channels, providing temporary accommodation , about 5 days, meetings and discussions when in trouble or when mentally ill.
The union suggested that the government should implement through the telecom company BSNL, which does not exist in the state to ensure employment opportunities for the youth in the state.
“What is more sad is that the rain has turned like a fish pond and the deterioration of this road has caused problems especially to the sick and the deterioration of this road has made it difficult for them to travel. Samla Everjoy Nongpluh said that the union has not opposed the government or the PWD department or even the leaders because the union has received information that there has been a clean allocation of funds. The union has requested the PWD department not to take action to repair the road temporarily while the road has not been painted as planned by the PWD department. government" he added.
Pynïaid said the EC will decide how to use the existing building after it has been moved to NST. “We have to take a decision on this,” he said.
The reason why people come to those red areas, such as Shillong, is to buy food, buy jhur, get medicine, go to school or other necessities; However, if most of the needs are in the areas or in the villages, then there will be very few who want to come to the city, but they will flee to their own areas and escape. The above requirements should reach the District Headquarters or Civi Sub Divisions and so on.
Ramesh Singh, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, said that the arrest of these trucks was after they were illegally parked in many places, near the on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Bah Paul said that the allocation for these projects has reached T.415.93 crore.
They were accompanied by Col Ranjeet Singh, President of Hill Farmer's Union, Mawshynrut Block Unit, Pascal Dkhar and others. The elders of the area also welcomed the Japanese Khar in the forest.
Estolin Khardewsaw and from the Minister of Village Council, Bah Spolanding Khardewsaw.
Before leaving the Langdoh's house, the Raij Jwai ceremony was held in the presence of the Langdoh. The Dolloi, the Langdoh, the Pator, the Sangot and the Wasan Waheh took part in the ceremony. examine the signs that appear in the three Kpu Niam that the Langdoh has sent.
He also stressed on the challenges facing the branches in the border areas.
The by-election for South Tura will be held on the 23rd of July and will be held on the 27th.
The ADC of Ri Bhoi, Bah MB Tongper and the SP of Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, said that this is a message not only for the District Administration and the journalists, but to eradicate the violence. Drugs require the cooperation of all parties from the village authorities, leaders and the people and only the cooperation can eradicate this drug which has destroyed many youths in the district and the whole state.
Yesterday, the 'Wah' went up to Phang Nein to give the klong u sko and the pyrnah pyrjin to perform the rituals and today the Phang Wah went up to Phang Nein to hand over the ceremony. he went to Klong and scored.
Firstly, why doesn’t the government want to make the report of this work public? and secondly, has the government informed and consulted all those involved in this matter? There is also a deadly attempt by those in the government to show the citizens of the state that after 50 years of independence, they are the only ones who can fix the border.
After assuming office, u Lyngdoh, who wants to work for the welfare of women in the state and to bring about change, promised to talk face to face with the Government so that the demands of women in the state can be met. RAM and NSWP will not succeed.
It is not easy to expose these corruption practices within the government.
She said that the incitement of other MLAs to the AICC to accuse themselves of ruling alone is not appropriate.
The Seng demands that lifetime compensation should be provided to this child because the loss of both her hands has turned her into Anna. and thou shalt torment him in his future.
The seized items were handed over to the PS-Rongra Police Station for further investigation.
Hamlet said that Amit Shah is busy campaigning from one state to another, but he does not have time to discuss the ILP which he has not announced yet. He doesn't have any intention of spreading the word or just to mislead the people of the state.
It is 118 km from Guwahati airport.
After investigating the incident, police took the bodies of the three to the civil hospital for post mortem.
These were the supporters of Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla in the last election and those who have not yet confirmed themselves as full members including other office bearers from other political parties.
“To get the Civil Subdivision is not only a dream but the price is so low that the MLA of the constituency has resigned from his post as MLA and this person is the one who “This is the beginning of the Civil Subdivision and the government will strive to improve all the necessities,” said Prestone.
It is learned that 700 villages have been affected and 10,554 houses have been affected and 100 schools and dorbar halls have been damaged by the cyclone.
Live with joy, hope and in the midst of health.
:After 16 hours of searching for the body of the driver of the truck, the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on 5th November recovered the body of the driver of the truck. a truck driver who fell into the Umling river.
As H.O.Mawrie Bam kwai in one of his books, explained that the soul is what distinguishes man from animals, so the objective of KAS is to distinguish from other races. and the Khasi, that is, the Kharlieh and the Khariong.
Meghalaya lost hope after Roberth was bowled for the loss of a wicket through a run out and scored 23 runs, so the team needed another 25 runs to reach the target with four wickets left.
For dust thou art, and unto dust shall thou return.
Speeches were also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Elgin and Kong S.Kharshiing, one of the residents, who congratulated the MLA for his initiative.
Myrchiang said that on the 1274 border, the Bangladeshis built houses and quarries, but India did not interfere and on the 1273 border, they built tourist attractions, but India. , it didn't do anything.
Speaking to media, Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that everyone knows that Bah Cherist has come to surrender to the MDA government. Therefore, the government has called on the armed groups to return and start a new life but this incident has shown that the government has given its right hand to congratulate and has given its right hand. Two years later, Bah Che was shot dead.
Not only that, in the past few months, there have been complaints from many residents of Nongshken, Tangmang, Umniuh Tmar, that there are many places, which have not been cleaned yet. However, the color has faded during the heavy rainfall and there has been a rumor that this work is also due to the negligence of the contractors.
Explaining on this occasion, Ms Matsiewdor said that there was nothing wrong with the issuance of vehicle passes to the people who went to take part in the wedding ceremony held at Greenwood Resort. Assam, as the DC's office has issued only five passes to the people to attend the wedding, but they have no information that up to 39 people will attend.
Shillong: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Assembly Secretariat has nothing to do with the collapse of the new Assembly building.
If the state government has already discussed the ILP issue in Delhi, why would it be difficult for Amit Shah to give a single word of consolation to the political parties who are willing to meet and discuss the ILP? “It is up to the people to ask whether the state government has discussed the ILP issue with the central government,” said Ardent.
Plot for sale on Main Road Mawlai Mawroh land area 5568 sqft price 3000 sqft.
The Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 was organized by the District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat with the participation of 9 schools.
This song was produced by Duitara Ksiar.
ai' provides training that they can listen to or do from home in the BPO sector which will teach them how to join this company and also survive on their own income.
“When we preserve the artifacts, the places are no longer just stories but stand as examples,” said the director and added that according to the rules, any place that has turned 100 years old. After examination, the sites of ancient or heritage sites may be preserved.
She also explained that the District Mental Health Program (DM&HP) is located at the Civil Hospital and provides treatment and assistance to people affected by mental illness.
The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on 19th November 2019 has decided to implement the Inner Line Permit in the state.
Ringrang TG Momin MPS, who was previously Superintendent of Police, Shillong, has been re-appointed as Superintendent of Police F&ES Tura.
Therefore, the Khasi chiefs had to sign this agreement without consulting the thousands of Khasi people.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lahkmen said that the order was not issued by the education department but by the district administration of East Khasi Hills.
It may be recalled that 26 houses in Nonglum alone were destroyed in Kyllang on the 8th of this month, including 18 houses in Mawlong, 7 in Umtangling and 1 in another village under Nonglum. .
In Shillong seat, there were 9,79,521 voters, of whom only 6,22,760 voters turned out to vote. In Tura, 4,58,085 out of 5,86,299 voters turned out to vote.
On behalf of the NSSS, we would like to thank all those who have contributed to this honour.
Modric is the new winner after Kaka in 2007 and Modric, who is a Croatian player, is also a top player for Real Madrid. of Spain.
State Coordinator of Meghalaya Art of Giving, Samla Pyndaplang Wahlang, in the presence of Samla Banphrang Syiem and others.
Wahlang finished in 2 minutes and 23 seconds, beating Amedius Therlang Marbaniang (2:24) and Nicholas Syrti (2:25).
Renato Borelli, who is the judge, also decided to fine the President 2,000 reais ($387) a day if he continues to violate the order.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 26: Mawten Sports Club and Seven United Sports & Cultural Club (MSL) beat each other 0-0 in the Artificial Turf Stadium, MDSA, South West. Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, KHNAM has urged the Commissioner of Sports and the Meghalaya government to take action against the employees of the State Sports Council at Polo.
Besides Kishan, Ram Gurung, on the other hand, managed to shine well in his first appearance for the team by scoring Spah Ron while the team was in control of the match.
Nikshay Mitras who wish to remain anonymous can donate in bank accounts opened specifically for this purpose in the name of Nikshay Mitras/PMTBMBA in different districts.
It was also explained that the bill will improve not only the financial resources of the District Councils, but also to strengthen them in terms of administrative powers.
Shillong: The National People's Party (NPP) has decided to contest against Clement G Momin against Dr. Mukul Sangma's daughter Miani D Shira in the Ampati constituency.
Shillong Lajong scored the first goal in the 17th minute through Henry Ford Nongneng.
“In the state, you have seen that MPCC President Vincent H Pala has admitted that there is a difference of opinion between him and Dr Mukul Sangma,” he said.
In April last year, the Cabinet of Ministers of the Government of Meghalaya, had decided to set up three Medical Colleges. walk away.
This meeting was held to follow up on the meeting held on 3-4 June 2023 on the Customs, Traditional Laws, Current Laws and other activities of the district councils.
The occasion was attended by Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State, in the presence of other dignitaries including Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of KSU, Bah D Khongsit President of FKJGP, Bah D Khongsit President of FKJGP. the HNYF and others who were invited.
He is from Tura, West Garo Hills who has suffered from brain hematoma due to the spread of Dengue.
Shillong: The JSM, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF today held an emergency meeting at Ladrymbai, on the issue of coal miners in the Eastern Region. Jaintia Hills District as a whole, that too many foreign monsi have come to steal the income of the coal traders of the area by coming to buy and store coal themselves and this has affected the income of the coal traders. that people of the area.
If these issues are discussed, the VC has no ears to listen because he has his own agenda.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that in fact, the KHADC is one of the constitutional authorities which first issued the order to ban the sale and use of plastic in the market. November 2019, a month before the Prime Minister issued the announcement to ban plastic across the country.
This is also the first victory for Atong in the MSL
Nongpoh: The 2nd National Nongpoh Trade Expo 2020, which was scheduled to be held on October 8, 2020, has been postponed due to the fear of Coronavirus.
In the second half, Lucky Kumari scored another 10 goals for Bihar and her 13th goal of the tournament in the 79th minute.
The fighting between Russia and Ukraine has reached the central parts of the Donbas and the fighting is intense especially in the city of Bakhmut.
“It's a shame for the state because it's been three years since Bah Pala stayed in the countryside, and if they win me at that time, I'll bring milk and the fish for the state.
The church in Smyrna was suffering.
Of the 14, 12 have Nigerian passports, one from Ivory Coast and one without a passport.
