Such fraud can happen in other pharmacies if they don't recognize because it is very difficult for them to buy such drugs with the slip of the hospitals and the question arises that The original slip from the hospital was not written by the doctor but was filled by the person.
On the occasion of Parent's Day, the chief salary officer was also invited to witness.
Meanwhile, the women have turned the place into a large market by selling all kinds of jhur, meat, chickens, food and other items brought from the farms. of.
Later, Mawlong lodged a complaint with the police on 27th November against the people involved in defaming Facebook after it was posted on social media by the user.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Civil Society of Women's Organization (CSWO) has strongly condemned the rape of three young women at the Pynthor Women's Wing.
He added that all these are due to the Internet ban by the state government in these days where job seekers do not get accurate information and many students do not get their Admit Card due to lack of internet and If the union gets information soon, the government can suspend the examination or move these examination centers outside the state to put them inside the examination centres. home state.
The CM's Office said that 17 students arrived at Guwahati Airport today and were welcomed by the State Officers who also provided them with food before boarding the buses. The State has not sent them to Shillong and Garo Hills.
All the foods you eat these days are full of medicines.
He said that it is on this issue that the Government has included the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs in the MRSSA and what remains now is the approval of the Governor.
Bah Hoping, one of the world leaders who is loved and respected by the people as a protector of the land and the nation, has explained to the people that if the land reform and land survey is done, the Government will be able to to take tribute from our land.
After the victory, Ashmita will face Rio Olympic gold medalist Carolina Marin while China is preparing to face China's He Bing Jiao.
A rifleman of the Tripura State Rifles (TSR) has committed suicide by shooting himself with a patrol rifle on the 6th of this month, police said. The incident occurred in the North District.
Rupang today spoke to the President of the market dwellers, Bah Korbar Lyngdoh Nonglait and in an interview he said that all the market dwellers who are aware of the decision have decided not to pay anymore and to hold beat the cashiers.
In the SMALL BORE.22 PEEP SIGHT RIFLE, PRONE POSITION, MEN-1st position, Hiamdor Lyngdoh, 2nd position, Mawdaker Marwein, 3rd position, Dennyson Kyrsian.
Neymar will undergo physical therapy today, the Brazilian Football Confederation (BFC) said in a statement.
Two new cases have been confirmed from Cachar District.
The SEIKOKAI All India Karate Championship 2024 will be held at Talkatora Indoor Stadium, New Delhi from the 3rd (tomorrow) to the 4th,
He continued, “You are very close to finding such a young man now.
Nongpoh: About 10 Self Help Groups (SHGs) and one Village Organization (VO) from Umden area and Umling C&RD today visited the Umling C&RD. The Power Tiller was handed over to the District Agricultural Officer in Ri Bhoi.
However, he only played these games for a short time and concentrated on racing.
In the same way, the government should ensure that the assistance is provided to the people as announced in the media from time to time so that it will be an encouragement to those who are willing to work, otherwise the future of the state is waiting for the death penalty.
However, we cannot take the past for granted but if we as a nation have a real responsibility we have to take responsibility for the future.
She said they cannot accept to have a person who cannot speak on any bill brought in the Rajya Sabha.
BJP Meghalaya leader Rikman G Momin took over as President on Tuesday and admitted that his job is difficult, but with cooperation the party and his role will be strengthened. is to strengthen the BJP in the state.
On the DCRG, the director requested the Finance Department to release the amount of T.2.78 crore to the retired teachers.
On this occasion, when there was a struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, Bah Marngar recalled the contribution of Myllung Soso Tham. until now they have not preached.
Jerina M Mawlong opened the scoring in the 51st minute followed by Aitibha Thabah in the 56th minute.
Application forms can be obtained from the NPP office, Mylliem Block, 3mer Upper Shillong and Banalari Showroom, Mylliem.
All 27 crew members were rescued by British troops and French authorities immediately cleaned up the spill.
Shillong: The National Hynniewtrep People's Federation (NHPF) on Tuesday renewed its office bearers at its headquarters at Mawphlang under the leadership of President Andreas Nongkynrih and other office bearers of the party.
In another match, Dkhiah West SC beat Wapung Combine SC 7-1. For Dkhiah West, Russia Dkhar (17', 24', 60', 70') scored the goals. Batbitbha Bareh (5', 59'), Dakani Shylla (63').
The Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) today decided to withdraw its support to the BJP government in Assam over its opposition to the Citizenship Bill.
“On his part, he urged all the residents to come forward and join hands to curb the smuggling of drugs into the remote areas of the state.
Ribok Hynniewta took three wickets in six overs and Heimonlang Lyngdoh took two wickets in seven overs.
So far, 14,600 people have recovered from the disease, the Maharashtra health minister said.
They include 14 cases from Nagaon, 10 cases from Golaghat and Kamrup, two cases from Jorhat Baksa and Chirang and one case from Karbi Anglong, Dhemaji and Bongaigaon.
“If the government is allowed to do so until 2028, we don't know whether it will be able to survive,” said Bah Ardent.
District Magistrate Tushar Nikhare and other government officials in charge from Gangtok District left for the scene of the incident at noon on Friday for a thorough inspection.
Shillong: In the last 24 hours, Sohra has received 77.2 millimeters of rainfall and continues to be the highest rainfall in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, also acknowledged the problems faced by the residents of the village, in which he said that the main need of the residents is for the roads and especially for the The area is on the border with Assam.
“If this university comes, we will get many benefits in terms of employment, the students who study here will get many benefits especially in the fields of agriculture, science and technology,” said Donald Thabah. The farmers will not be able to access many schemes through this University.
The 13 parties have alleged that the Chief Minister's statement that the ILP is an issue that needs to be discussed in Parliament may be due to his lack of knowledge on the implementation of the ILP. it is not only his intention to mislead the people of the state.
Speaking to media, Dr War said, “The struggle to provide 11 ALS Ambulances in the state is ongoing, but this will take time. The purchase of this ambulance will be a joint fund between the state government and the central government, so it will have to go hand in hand and only once it has been provided will it be possible to purchase the ALS Ambulances for the state. ".
The body of the deceased was taken to NEIGRIMS Hospital Shillong for post mortem to determine the cause of death. East Jaintia Hills District, on the 10th of this month, has filed a Suo Motu Case against the death of coal miners in East Jaintia Hills District. Police have launched an investigation into the incident.
The BJP has appointed Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister, even before his election as National President. Prestone has failed to understand that the Democratic Alliance means the unity of the BJP party, so what is the NPP saying to the BJP? will you leave the NPP? The BJP wants good governance and has refused to tolerate the increase in corruption in the state.
Bah Sokon dressed like he used to dress when he went on a journey.
Mukul Sangma said that if the Congress comes to power in the Lok Sabha elections 2019, it will take the opinion of all for the repeal of the CAB. passed the CAB which allows foreign officials from Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan to invade our country. You are from Meghalaya.
We are looking for a candidate who doesn't have money.
Therefore, the union urged the DSO to take action to resolve the issues so that the sports activities in the district can be promoted.
Meanwhile, Antonio War said that the Tynrai village has been left without a caretaker because the EC of ARPA has dissolved the Khasi Heritage Management Committee (KHMC).
About 90 percent of the soping tins of the residents of the village have been destroyed. Among the houses that have been destroyed, the school building which was intended to be used as a polling station has been destroyed. The Polling Station in Dorambokgre was closed.
According to one of the media reports, three of the planes were damaged in the storm, and many vehicles parked in the parking lots were damaged. the tree is not cut down.
He appealed that this time the people should support the Congress party.
The remaining places will be announced in the coming days.
Due to the lack of reply from the UGC, Conrad also asked the National Testing Agency (NTA) to postpone the CUET examination in Meghalaya, which was scheduled to be held in July.
Chelsea's Eden Hazard scored in the 92nd minute and Raul Jiminez in the Wolves' 1-1 draw against Wolverhampton Wanderers. in the 56th minute.
In fact, the struggle for the inclusion of the Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India has continued and not only continues, but has also surprised many, why until now. has not received any commitment from the Central Government to incorporate or recognize the Eight Schedule in the Constitution.
The two Red Bull players have been the top two players in the Bahrain GP at the beginning of this season. SAM President John F. Kharshiing and SAM General Secretary Neil Sootinck have been elected as members of the Organizing Committee of the upcoming World Championships. from Tuesday in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
He said that many youths who have passed the DSC examination have come to him to help them find jobs but he cannot do anything.
The demand of the meeting was to punish the soldiers involved and T.10 lakh compensation to the families.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, the four parties said that they urge all the 60 MLAs to meet and ask the central government on the delay in passing two resolutions on the demand for ILP and one on the demand for the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
The Association also wishes to assist in the preparations of the school for the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the school which will be opened on the 21st of June this year.
Imat la duplicate equipment, we as the residents of the village are angry that when it rains, the electricity does not work, if this happens every time as the village we have to take a decision. .
On this occasion, the students who passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC, MBOSE, ICSE, CBSE and Indian School Certificate (ISC) received their certificates. and they gave money.
However, our principle must be clear and must be firmly established as righteous and just.
The new leaders of Mawthadraishan Circle were sworn in by the Vice President of FKJGP Sengkmie, Bah Kitboklang Nongphlang.
Therefore, it is sad to see that the Hima Mylliem, which everyone expects to be the Dongmusa of the other chiefs; because of the obviousness of the people in its places and regions, but it acts and is differently.
However, when I tried to investigate this incident, I heard through a conversation with a woman who works at the school that if U ne The students who have already taken the form and paid the fee at the school have not been selected for promotion to another class through the SSLC Result. Children who have already taken the form but have not been selected cannot do anything except if they sell the form elsewhere or if they can transfer their names to other children.
“People have lost their lives due to illegal mining.
This will greatly assist the public who previously spent time building a police station; and has also assisted our state police in many ways.
This hospital will be one of the areas to contribute to the provision of health services in the state and is a great blessing for the village of Sohra as a whole.
These garbage will be collected by the JMB garbage truck arsien shitaiew.
“This is what I said, the rain has affected everyone and the situation has deteriorated in all places”.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (NHM) on Tuesday started vaccinating Pneumonia Conjugate Vaccine (PCV) to children aged 1.5 months, 3.5 months and 9 months. .
A Silver Jubilee Cake was also cut to celebrate the 25th anniversary.
Where is the soul?1
Riangtem said that as the saying goes, the voice of the people is the voice of God, and he urged the government to listen to the demands of the people.
In the final, Efty United XI Mynso won the toss and elected to draw.
At the same time, the union requests the incumbent Mawhati Chief Minister, Bah Charles Marngar to take action to talk to the state government on this issue for the benefit of the people. The people of Mawhati area.
Shillong, July 07 : The Voice of the People Party (VP) has vowed to protest if the government does not re-appoint three members of the Meghalaya Lokayukta. members investigating the corruption including the NPP MLA who is also a close relative of the Chief Minister.
This too makes those who are happy happy and others sad.
In Nagaland, they are mostly found in the Yaongyimchen Community Reserve at Longleng.
Therefore, the DC Ri Bhoi, has urged the Village Leaders in the District, to allow the health personnel and government vehicles to enter the villages. that is, when they need to go as they are assigned to do.
Serious Dkhar, from Ladwah Wapung, explained his journey as a flower farmer, who completed his training from ICAR in 2019 and opened a flower shop in Ladrymbai. .
The SBI should send the detailed information to the Election Commission where the ECI will publish the information on its official website.
We are all too weak in the power of money.
“Although the state has not yet received the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the outbreak of corona virus in the state has cleared about 50 percent of the entry of foreigners into Meghalaya,” he said. bah H.S Shylla.
The Chief Engineer of PMGSY, Bah MM Sun said that the PWD department will soon call a tender for the construction of these roads this month.
The state cannot be ruled by feelings alone.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
The High Court has said that the government should not argue on the grounds that it lacks funds for other reasons but should follow the order and the government should raise funds from the funds. role to accommodate teachers.
He had to be treated at various hospitals such as the Civil Hospital and Robert Hospital in 1972 due to rheumatism.
Now in this same year, you villages and townships and all the residents, be surprised if you want our community to change.
Many said that this would be a great loss for India.
Of the most prominent parties, 43(75%) out of 57 candidates are NPP, 30(65%) out of 46 candidates are UDP, 27(48%) out of 56 candidates are AITC, 25(42%) Out of the 60 Congress candidates, 23 (38%) out of the 60 BJP candidates have stated in their affidavits that their assets exceed Rs 1 crore.
In the next five years, the target is to create 5.5 lakh jobs and thus if we calculate, about 1 lakh jobs will be created next year.
The sudden turn of the voice of the residents of Mawlai, has shocked the police, who were guarding around the Secretariat.
In Mairang, the contest will be between three candidates - UDP candidate Equator L Nongrang, BJP candidate and Councilor Wahlang and HSPDP candidate Alexander Kharsyntiew.
Shillong Lajong FC beat Downtown Heroes FC 1-1 in the final match of the 2nd Division Qualifiers of the 2nd Division I-League 2022-2023 at Kokrajhar, Assam. .
In the film, Salman stars alongside Disha Patani, who plays a circus performer, and Sunil Grover, who is a friend of Bharat or Salman Khan.
The author of the parody about Tirot Sing Syiem has been a terrible man and has shocked the minds of the Khasi solansar in which one of the great men of the Khasi country has been misled in this parody and can no longer set him. secretly, he expressed in the newspapers a voice against Paiem Tirot Sing Syiem in which he was demanded to apologize.
“The advice of senior government officials is good and Meghalaya is now ready to hold the Lok Sabha MP elections,” Tiwari said.
The Minister also discussed the steps taken by the Ministry of Labor and Empowerment of the Union Government to bring about transparency and accountability through the amendments and implementation of the Labor Acts.
My supporters from the Congress party also fully support my decision”.
He said that according to the Mylliem Act, the Garo are only raïot and are not the children of the Hima who can hold the post of Rangbah Shnong.
In the Women's Singles, Balashembha Passah won the title by beating Ribhalang Passah 14-21, 9-2
He said that the youth of the jaitbynriew have been shocked and saddened by the violent robbery of the state government where many youths have been imprisoned while trying to speak the truth for the sake of protecting the jaitbynriew. They are still filing cases for the sake of the country and the nation as a whole.
The Union Minister's refusal to meet them within 10 hours has prompted Bah Antonio to change his mind because during the Congress Ministry, it took months and months to get meet.
If anyone has not received fuel or has been charged more than the stipulated price, they can complain to the office of the S.D.O.(Supply) by writing their name and village so that they can be charged. punish them.
However, the authorities and police of the city are still struggling to find out whether those involved in these two incidents are the same or have any connection. The incident happened on the same day and in the same city.
Sanbor congratulated those who celebrated his birthday and also congratulated the 10,000 people who joined the BJP. Sanbor also distributed household items to the BJP. Shillong: The price of piat has risen sharply in Shillong these days and the price of piat has risen to T. 55 to T.60 per kilo, from T.40 to T.45 per kilo.
Shillong, July 11: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday launched the launch of 30 buses to carry school children and also vehicles carrying Tourists, tourists and vehicles to transport agricultural products produced by the farmers at the meeting held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
“As a minister, there are many criticisms of the political parties against him, but one thing he says clearly is that I, my family and my descendants will live and die. in this state.
Priests and religious leaders in religious organizations may also be sent by their superiors to work in other mission countries outside the state and country.
However, one thing we know is that the low profile of the RSS is due to the fact that there is no government to support it from behind like the BJP does now.
“We don’t know how much support farmers have been given over the past decade.
This will be the first time for the MNF to take over the government in Mizoram and the third time for Zoramthanga to lead the government in the state.
We seek work to save, and we need it for our glory.
Khliehriat, June 2: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills Unit (KSU Jaintia Hills) has convened a meeting of the KSU Jaintia Hills Unit today, June 2, The Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has been sworn in by the President of the KSU, Bah Lambok-Starwell Marngar.
Congress MP from Assam today accused the BJP of creating religious differences among the different religious groups in the country.
Let us look at some of the matters now.
“Of course the President of FKJGP has apologized for the incident and we commend him as a leader for accepting these mistakes of the members.
Two suspended Congress MLAs, Process T.Sawkmie and Mayral Born Syiem, have joined the UDP. There are three sitting MLAs, while the UDP has only two.
These days, the market for jhur is held at Anjalee parking lot, where even vehicles carrying jhur from Assam come to this place, but today it has surprised the farmers that No one was allowed to enter the Anjalee parking lot until 8.20 pm.
The response from the government that the financial assistance for the construction and ringing of Rock On! 2, is an aim to promote tourism which has not been achieved by the filmmakers of the state.
A Maruti Ertiga AS-12Z-7069, 07 mobile phones and ₹ 23,000 cash were recovered from them.
The word "apocalyptic" comes from the word "apocalypse" which means revelation and the writers of "apocalypse" always use images of trees, such as animals, birds and others.
“Due to the delay of the BSF troops in talking to the BGB of Bangladesh, I have written to the Minister of Home Affairs to take action on this issue and also to ask the BGB troops to withdraw the outpost,” said Pyrwa. Through.
Bhalang's special invitation surprised his classmates.
“I'll come back when I get time, Nia...” Niakha said to Rida's mother. “To Niakha, I'll come...” Rida's mother replied. I'm going to come to you.
Speaking on the improvement of roads in the state, the CM said that the construction of the road from Mawphlang to Weiloi is a testimony of the Government to the determination of the state government to strengthen the roads. road connectivity in the State.
Bah Franky also encouraged them to use their talents properly, and at the same time urged them not to forget to study. book.
“I hope that soon they will hand over this market to Saiden village next month after the electricity supply has been completed according to the wish of the village to install a pre paid meter to avoid the cost”.
Thousands of vehicles of the Assamese came down to Sohra, Dawki and Mawlynnong; However, no one has dared to open his mouth to express the danger of these vehicles of foreigners, which come to pass through the roads of Ri Khasi.
However, the groups opposed to the issuance of the license to the company have not received any information till today and said that they do not see that the company will start operating. After receiving information that the KHADC has already issued the license, KSU leader Bah Peter Kylla said that he will convene an emergency meeting of the opposition groups to to take a decision to proceed because the KHADC has not listened to their demand.
Of these 880, 103 have recovered, 770 are still infected and four have died.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 31: The office of the District Sports Officer, Ri-Bhoi District together with the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District and the Ri-Bhoi Dorbar will hold the 10 km Ri-Bhoi Day Run Men & Women) for the runners from Ri Bhoi District on the 4th July 2022 from 7 pm.
To prevent the spread of this disease read more at this link:.
It is understood that the election for the post of Speaker of the Legislative Assembly will be held on the 13th of this month.
When the students tell the truth, it means that it is true and how much more when we have investigated and it is true. “If that happens, the union will take strong measures,” said Bah Ricky Majaw.
It is sad to see that the state government has not been able to use its own crematorium at Jhalupara and that is, that it has not been able to cremate the body of a famous doctor. of the State, who has died of coronavirus.
They (Meghalaya Government) should demand that the Assam Government should hand over those (Police) involved in the shooting,” said Sangma.
UG education can be of 3 or 4 years and there will be many opportunities to obtain appropriate certificates during this period.
Meghalaya won the match by 40 runs through Abhay Negi and Dipu Sangma.
The tournament will be divided into three categories, Under-14 (Sub-Junior) for boys only, while Under-17 (Junior) will be for girls and boys. .
“We demand that the government should explain to the public first and implement it later,” said Bah Jyrwa.
After the completion of the project, it will supply water to about 41 villages in Rongram, Rerapara and Gambegre blocks of West and South West Garo Hills district.
Thus, many different races of people who have existed for centuries have survived and grown to this day.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, in the presence of the President of the National People's Party (NPP), WR Kharlukhi, Symbud Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo, Umsning MDC Macdalyne Sawkmie Mawlong, Umsning MDC, former CEM of Ri Bhoi District, former CEM of KHA DC u Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that Manstudy Nongrem, Hembertus Nongtdu, Thomas Nongtdu, C. Shylla, Defender Pakiang and other leaders at the NPP office. , Conrad K Sangma, said that many leaders from other parties have joined the party because they have seen the initiative of the MDA government led by the NPP to remove them. the problems of the residents who have been imprisoned for decades.
The Police had to retreat to avoid any untoward incident.
Speaking to media, Conrad said, “Action will be taken immediately to resume the border demarcation in the next few months.
“We have sent many memoranda to the government but no reply has been received yet.
On this occasion, the people turned to the Secretariat and stopped Biren Singh from meeting with the Governor.
May the light they receive and collect from all over the world not darken or become darkness and gloom for the Jaidbynriew to move forward along with the light which it has inherited from our ancestors.
From the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, there is no assistance scheme, except for a few who come to give injections to the animals.
Shillong, Nailar 31 : The Central Government has released Rs 272 crore for the smooth running of SSA schools in the state, said the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep National Movement (HANM) Byrnihat Circle today protested against the Shad Nongkrem holiday. They went to close down some banks in Byrnihat.
The song was recorded and edited by Goldenstar Myrchiang.
Shillong: There has been a confusion today, in the manner of answering a question in the House, after the department which should have answered, has answered another.
The state government had announced last year that it had set up a special Directorate for Anti Infiltration to strengthen the working methods to curb illegal entry into the state.
He held a public meeting at Lady Hydari Park, Shillong.
Once again, we request the Government to immediately clear the road so that the farmers can avoid the problem of transporting their produce from the fields to the market to sell their produce. Ribadskhem Shadap, Secretary, Lad-Mawiong Sung, Umkhynriam, Ka Jem, Jaranong and Sylwen Sung Valley.
He said the BJP government in Delhi is a government only for 15-20 rich people who loot from the people of India and added that the contest in the Parliament elections next year will be. Regarding the political situation in the state, the President of the MPCC, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, said: The Congress will return to power in the state after the 2019 MP elections.
In 2014, Modi won Varanasi by defeating AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal by 3.37 lakh votes, the highest number of votes.
On this occasion, the students visited the farms in the surrounding areas of the village.
Answering a question, Mansturdy admitted that most of the time the KHADC House turns into a spectacle but in the coming dorbars he will introduce strict rules for the members of the House to remove the this is the festival.
“Father, when Ksan passes here, we will not send him to school because we cannot afford to send him to Nongstoin or Shillong,” said the mother.
educationwww.results.
He said even the Mughals who spread Islam and the British who spread Christianity but the Hindus have existed and survived to this day.
“In our time, as soon as December (November) came, we felt happy, because we felt that it was the time to celebrate, but now as the years go by, the preparations for Christmas have become more and more difficult. “It is in this way, the time will come when people will remember like that, without that preparation as we did in the past,” they said.
However, besides the fact that the earth's structure depends on the presence of those natural bodies, it also depends, as I have shown above, on its origin and evolution.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today said that he is disappointed that the NPP is conducting the elections in a different manner by making unfounded allegations against the government. He said that politics is about issues and issues are brought by the people because they are the demands of the people. “It is the duty of the government to implement them,” he said. .
The Principal said that the training center not only teaches how to teach school but also teaches various activities so that teachers can explain and teach to their students , activities such as Socially Useful Projective Work,SUPW and Creative Expression.
He said that HDR resigned because he did not know the law and now he has taken back his son.
Shillong: The preparations for the 2nd Sohra International Half Marathon in Shillong today welcomed two runners from Kenya, Elijah Kipruto Kemei, 35, who has run around the country. Mymbai 2018, China 2019, Sohra International Half Marathon 2022, Udaipur 2023 and Gujarat
Therefore, they demand that the government should expedite the delivery of the equipment as they have promised to the MCH and at the same time to open the hospital for the benefit of the patients.
The BNP, which has an alliance with 18 parties, has decided not to field a candidate, while the Ershad-Jatiya Party has also announced not to field a candidate.
If you can find evidence, there is no such thing, but just because of hearing and the pleasure of talking, this is wrong.
The group of youths and elders led by Bah Enbok Nonglang and Christopher Lyngdoh, while talking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, said that the allegations of the Langrin Hima Youth Association are false. They are unfounded, because the Management Board does not govern or manage the affairs of the Hima, but only in charge of the two areas.
I think it is but proper for the Labor Dept to come clean with facts and figures to clear the air and set to rest the feeling that crores and crores of public money has been misappropriated by the Labor Dept.
New Delhi, July 30: The price of petrol and diesel has risen by T.1.69 per liter while the price of diesel has risen by T.0.50 per litre. the price will be effective from tomorrow, May 1st.
The absence of in-service teachers from training centers is a bias and whether the Government is planning only for pre-service teachers to enter the diet and why can't deputation service teachers be given.
At the meeting held at Mawlasnai, the RBYF leaders and the village leaders in Block-2, expressed the view that all the Khasi villages in the area, should remain in Meghalaya after this second border demarcation.
Speaking as the chief guest, A.Baranwal, said that Self Help Groups (SHGs) are also part of the trade sector in the state and the activities of SHGs also show the empowerment of them. These SHGs are the ones that the government has seen far ahead in many areas especially in the rural areas. He said that the San Shnong Cluster Level Federation Co-operative Society in collaboration with various government departments will He also spoke about the need to have training centers for these SHGs to ensure that the SHGs are able to achieve their goals. They cannot improve their skills.
:The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has decided to meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and the MPs of North East on three issues. of the state of Meghalaya.
(iii) Jesus the Son of God, in the midst of sorrow and grief, remembered the Father and said, “My God... why hast thou forsaken me?” (Mt.27:46).
Ardent said that everywhere the party leaders go to campaign, there is an expression of the people's desire for change.
On the FOCUS scheme, Bah Mawrie expressed his surprise by asking; 'where does the money come from?'
Regarding the launch of the Arunpol Seva Van, Felix said that the vehicle will be sent to different areas to collect information on the problems faced by the people. to conduct various public awareness campaigns.
Through this day of his visit to these areas, the Union Minister also had the opportunity to talk to a group of farmers from other states in the North East. cultivate a variety of crops.
For those who don't know, what is a smart meter? The smart meter will eliminate electricity theft and AT&C losses.
It is very difficult to explain to them that this is not the case because they are based on their own rights which are contrary to ours.
However, he is the player who lost the Doha Leg of the Diamond League last year.
On the same day, the leaders of these three NGOs also distributed equipment to the students.
Protesters on the National Highway-15 in Silapathar have blocked all vehicles heading to Arunachal Pradesh for four days, the report said.
Police have lodged a complaint under the POCSO Act at Laitumkhrah Police Station.
He said that the contest between these candidates in this constituency will be fierce.
The destruction of forests has been terrible as mentioned earlier, we must understand and be careful in this regard because without trees we human beings cannot survive.
Speakers included District Social Welfare Officer, R. Pasah, Waheh Deibormi Suchiang and others. The meeting was conducted by Renibeth Patlong.
After we settled here on earth, our ancestors, the founders of the longkur longjait, have established our religion, customs, language, thylliej, kur kheiñ jait and so on.
he has been an MLA for 46 years.
Therefore, the KSU would like to congratulate Bah Donald for bringing honor and fame to the Khasi Jaidbynriew and wish him the best of luck in his new job. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Meghalaya Rafting Festival at Whitewater Village in Umtham, Ri Bhoi District. and the purpose of this is to promote this kind of sports in the State.
There are 18 cases of recovery today.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the people of Mawrynkneng and Rajabala for showing their confidence in the NPP party and also the people of Mawphlang for giving their votes. He also congratulated the leaders of the parties in the MDA government who came out to support him. Mawryngkneng candidate, said that this mid-term election is the most difficult election for all because these seats that the NPP has won are the seats of the Congress. many years.
It is also one that will prevent election fraud.
JJM Nichols Roy College beat NEIG-RIHMS in the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament 2023 held on Tuesday at the SAI Stadium at NEHU. In the first half, the players of JJM Nichols Roy College played well from the start and beat the defenders of NEIG-RIHMS, where they managed to score a goal. NEIGRIHMS scored 9 goals without allowing NEIGRIHMS to score a single goal.
EGH on Saturday started tied first after winning the toss and elected to bat first and reached 57 for the loss of 7 wickets.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Sohiong Zone led by President Purningstar Shabong and General Secretary Amla Wesmandar Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi on Tuesday visited the CHC Sohiong Zone. The Seng on this day found that there are no Doctors in this CHC and there are only a few doctors. so many employees.
The date chosen to commemorate the birthday of Dr. Ignacio Ponseti, (1914 – 2009) the inventor of the Ponseti Method for the treatment of foot diseases.
In the 65 kg category, Soshim Kasar (St. Edmund's College) won by defeating Enstone R Marak (Shillong Commerce College).
This traffic jam has caused inconvenience and anger to the passengers especially the ambulance vehicles.
Google for more information, because from time to time, the Government of India, changes the rules.
Police have arrested Ratan Dkhar of Ummulong village, who gave the name of a drug factory in Dkhiah.
At the same time, the government will be required to issue Ration Cards to all those who have applied and submitted the required documents to the Food and Supply Office from 2020-2
At the same time, the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Swapnil Tembe, reviewed the work and achievements of the district.
He said that although the thief, who brought weapons and tar, tried to steal money from the ATM, he could not stop the ATM. was broken.
He said that Meghalaya has not been able to celebrate the National Milk Day on the 26th of November due to unavoidable reasons and it will be held on the 30th of November.
The topics discussed at the workshop included the laws on the NDPS list, the provision of counseling, various types of drugs, the assessment of physical differences, the impact of Addl.Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, B.Jyrwa, MPS , MCSWA Program Manager R. Patlong and Medical Officer Incharge of OST Khliehriat, Dr J. Nongtdu.
These include 11 cases from East Khasi Hills and one case from East Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi and West Garo Hills.
According to the Ranikor Election Commission, Rajaju Police in Ranikor Civil Sub-Division have seized T.12,86,000 from four wealthy people.
However, as it appears here, the vote is more for the NPP candidate for North Shillong as his name appears in the fourth number as a notice while the name of the Dorbar Shnong or Secretary Shnong does not appear at all. " said Mr. Dkhar.
On the other hand, the MeECL department was requested to find ways and means to transport and install stock in Amlarem Sub-Division so that it will make it easier for traffic in these rural areas. will bring peace and order in relation to this problem faced by the power outage.
Ronnie said this while responding to a question that the Voice of the People Party (VPP) has made it clear that it does not want to form a group with anyone, but will sit alone in the House.
After a few months of the arrival of the sohtrun from East Garo Hills in Abu Dhabi, it is now the turn of the sohniamtra or Khasi Mandarin to get a place in Dubai.
The objective of the Government of India through the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship in connection with the MSSDS is to help students to get more information on training methods that will make it easier for them to get unemployment, as well as trade, marketing, agricultural production, agriculture and others.
The residents of the border areas between Assam and Meghalaya continue to live in fear from time to time.
Which of the two cases came when they set fire to the police vehicle and damaged the other vehicle and the arshaka, which were parked inside the Laitumkhrah Police Station? Therefore, the question is, who is the paid, who is about 40-50 people.
He also ordered licensed firearms owners to surrender their firearms to the nearest Police Stations while the MCC is in operation.
If the BJP is still holding the key from Delhi through the NPP in Meghalaya, we will have to count.
In rural areas, they find it difficult to send their children to school, due to the high cost of rent.
For example, the government has invited applications for more than 1300 posts in the police department but the applications received have reached lakhs and this has shown the increasing unemployment of youth in the police department. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah George.
Shillong: The demand for the temporary dismissal of the police chief involved in the shooting death of Bah Cheristfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of November has spread across the Khasi Jaintia Hills. ; On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has said that the government cannot dismiss the police without conducting a full investigation.
He also mentioned the government's commitment to the development of the state.
For the improvement, reconstruction and maintenance of dohum dohwah, the Chief Minister said that nine RRRs requesting T.11.432 crore were allocated by the Central Government in July,
It was also decided to hold a public meeting on 22nd October 2014 at Mawlai Petrol Pump Thangkhiew at 11:00 pm.
In another development, the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) today demanded that the government should send an inquiry into the killing of Balsan S Marak by the CBI to find out the truth. If the government does not do this, the union will call for a two-day curfew in Garo Hills.
He also urged the religious leaders, the Seng Khasi to pray for the ownership of the land in their country so that the time comes to apply for lease from the Government. like the coal miners (their own land), the holy place on Lum Sohpet Bneng or Lum Shyllong to perform the rituals.
Recently, on the 21st of last month, members of the ANWU also staged a protest outside the gate of NEHU during the visit of Union Minister of Education Dharmendra Pradhan to participate in the awarding ceremony of the students at the XXVII Convocation.
“When I have to meet with the Prime Minister, I usually invite Bah Hamlet to accompany me especially when it comes to an issue that we need to inform and explain to the Prime Minister for the needs of the people. our state.
Speaking to media a few hours after the results were released, Father Anthony Kharkongor, gave a special thanks to the students who have done well and who have brought fame and glory to the school. whole.
Shillong: A young girl and a young man have been arrested for breaking a newborn baby in a bread truck in Mawpat, Shillong.
The red horse, Revelation 6:3-5, and the white horse, Revelation 6:5-6
“Other speakers included the president of the Village Organization who congratulated the MLA, Franky Massar, Secretary Village and others.
The deceased was identified as ASI DC Bordoloi.
Nongpoh, July 23: Illegal mining in the border area of ​​Meghalaya and Assam has increased day by day from Jorabad, Killing, Khanapara for many years. During the rainy season, the soil and stones flow into the roads, which is also one of the causes of flooding in many places because many of the streams and places where the water can flow are filled with soil.
The AJSU Publicity Secretary, Bah K Lyngdoh, said in a statement that the AJSU has shot dead a one man, who killed another man in that land.
“We see that the state has many opportunities to develop agriculture and we have a goal to prepare and formulate an agriculture policy to improve agriculture and income of farmers,” he said. .
When Meghalaya came to bat, they scored 133 runs for three wickets.
Felicita Majaw accompanied her husband during the registration process.
The union expects that not only teams from East Khasi Hills but from all districts will participate in this tournament. to continue to grow in football.
Heavenly mercy has the power to open the doors of the hearts of those who need the sweetness of the word of Christ, and the eternal influence of the spirit of Christ's love.
No meetings shall be held and vehicles passing through the containment shall not stop in the middle of the road in the containment area.
Sometimes when I'm driving on the road from Motphran to Police Bazar, I'm like a crowd, because the foot paths have been blocked by the Dkhars,...Uff in Shillong I'm happy to see, the Dkhars are in all the villages. Your city, especially in 9lad.
Nongstoiñ: The Minister in charge of Fisheries and PWD Building, Comingone Ymbon on Friday visited Nongstoiñ to meet with the District Officers, especially the Fisheries Officers from the District. to discuss how to develop fisheries in the District.
They also congratulated the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District for taking this step so that those who have not yet paid the tax up to five taxes can pay.
He later joined the Congress and became one of the senior MLAs and Ministers in the government and held many important departments such as PWD, Home and others.
We have heard that factories do not want to come here in the state, but who will come if even the electricity cannot be provided? Entrepreneurs are also reluctant to come to the state due to the lack of electricity.
From Athong's residence, police seized T.40,000 along with 87 counterfeit notes, a radio with a charger, two smartphones, a non-multimedia Mobile Phone, an Air Gun Rifle with a scope, 2 NSCN flags, some NSCN documents and a Maruti Alto
Three candidates of the HSPDP from West Khasi Hills, on 6th June, went to file their nomination papers for the Legislative Assembly elections.
In addition, the heart and brain become very sensitive to those toxic forces with age and those interactions between alcohol and drugs are much more common.
The purpose of the Arm Wrestling Championship is to bring together the best wrestlers of the State, to train them how to be disciplined to avoid tuberculosis, drug abuse and others. other social intoxicants.
On 20th October 2011, Shri Rajesh Rabha shot dead Vijon Rabha, alias Rijoy Rabha, 21 years old, at his workplace in Flavor Restaurant, at Laitumkhrah Police Point.
The influx of international technologists has revolutionized education and job search.
“The most important part is that we can continue this initiative and we have also requested the public as well as the tourists to Meghalaya to visit the places where these items are sold. It will also be an encouragement to the farmers of the state who cultivate and produce Sohshan so that soon like Sohtrun, Sohshan will become a leader in the world.
Jowai July 07 : The 20th Pyllun Dorbar of the Kur Shadap Manar was held on 29th November 2022 at Mowtyrshiah Village on Lum Tiniang. This is due to the spread of Covid-1
Mawkyrwat, November 19: The National People's Party (NPP) of Mawkyrwat Block, South West Khasi Hills District has held a meeting at the party office in Mawkyrwat on how to strengthen the party in the district. The meeting was attended by NPYF President Kitborlang Nongrem who is also the State President of the NPYF. NPP General Secretary Bah Working Sangriang, elders and other members of the party.
Shillong, Nailar 6: The Supreme Court of India, in its hearing on Tuesday, 2nd July 2013, has decided that the Superintendent of Police, Shillong, will send his officer, who has the rank of Deputy Superintendent. of Police, along with two officials of CMJ University, to go to the headquarters of the University, to take Xerox copies of the documents and take them to the court on the 22nd. Nailar 2013.
There have been reports that citizens/employees have fallen victim to fraud by scammers through computer/mobile apps promising to get money easily without any hassle.
Byrnihat Industries & Ribhoi Public, from 6 pm to 8 pm and then Byrnihat Industries, from 12 noon to 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailur 9: The National People's Party (NPP) will announce its candidates for the GHADC elections tomorrow.
Many shall run to and fro, and Knowledge shall be increased.
Niaw Wasa beat Nangbah Mulang 1-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament sponsored by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
However, even after three Cabinet meetings, they have not been able to do anything about their demands.
This illegal trade by the exploiters has affected the income of the indigenous people and has increased the number of foreign infiltrators.
Shillong: The State Government today announced a complete curfew in East Khasi Hills for 45 days.
The Dorbar Shnong has decided to impose a curfew as a sign of urging the state government to repair the NH-4
The Meghalaya Games in Tura is an opportunity for the young men and women of the state who participate in various sports to showcase their talents and be selected to lead the Meghalaya Games. State to higher tournaments or even at the national level, and this can only be achieved if the State can provide the necessary facilities in the field of sports, such as coaches who can improve. The Meghalaya Games, which ended on Saturday, will be held on Saturday.
He said that the opposition MLAs will send a letter to the Chief Minister to inform them of their inability to contribute for reasons. The government is small except for those on the government side who are more likely to be involved.
This objection was expressed in a letter sent by the Council to the Government of India in April
The injured were taken to hospital.
“I will take action to see how the bank is operating and if it cannot be repaired I will appeal to the bank authorities, so that the people of the area will not be affected,” said Lakhon Biam. People who rely on this bank to deposit money and other necessities have to go to Jowai to complete their work at the bank.
U Bah Adelbert said that two or three days before the mid-term MLA elections in various constituencies, the state government has said that He said that the relocation of the Kharmetor has been completed but at present the relocation is still pending and he said that the area where the Kharmetor live is a constituency which he himself has led but they don't want to. He was appointed as a member of the Committee and the reason may be that there is something behind it but Bah Adelbert said he will wait for the time and the people will judge.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Superintendent of Police (HNLC) has sent a case to the O/C of Sadar PS to register a case against Sainkupar Nongtraw, Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. He said that he had threatened the SP (City) Vivek Syiem.
After this, there was a minute's silence as a sign of condolence.
Bandari Ryntathiang, said that the union strongly condemns the state government for handing over these power sub-stations to foreign companies. The foreign company will be a great loss to the state and especially to those youths who have survived to earn a living by working at these power plants.
He said that the project was first launched in Delhi by the Minister of Agriculture, Government of India.
Not only that, the youth themselves are a strong group and can bring about change and have the power to shape society.
Rome: Satan went into the Garden of Eden and began to spread a false message about Eve and thus she has fallen to this day, the Pope said in a book on the origin of the universe. fake news these days.
Shillong, July 20: Two-term MDC of Sohryngkham, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, today took over as the 41st Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). The House of Representatives, Bah Lamphrang Blah, announced that Bah Pynïaid has won without any opponent.
Speaking to reporters, Angela Rangad, President of the Meghalaya Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (MGSPHSVA), said that this demand of the MGSPHSVA has been demanded since 2016, but until now the state government has not listened to their demands but this time the land dealers hope that the government will implement after receiving the order from the central government.
, to obtain an environmental clearance.
Shillong, Naitung 22: Nongkynrih Village which includes three villages has been included in the special scheme selected by the Sohra MLA to become a Model Village through the Saansad Adarsh ​​Gram Yojana (SAGY). The Central Government of Narendra Modi.
“West Khasi Hills has four MLAs, including Mawshynrut, Rambrai-Jyrngam, Mairang, Nongstoin and many of them are in the government,” said Macmilan. Nongstoin, you're wrong.
Pomtiah said that the residents of this area want to build the bypass road from the existing road and are against the government to build the bypass road from the new location as planned by the government. The Village Authority of Laitlyngkot Elaka under the leadership of the Sordar, Bah Allanson Shabong.
S.Kharlyngdoh DC WKH, said that all the polling officers have been deployed to all the 39 polling stations along with strong security forces to prevent any incident. The polling will be smooth and orderly and the presence of security personnel sent by the Central Government will be strengthened to prevent violence.
Therefore, regarding this allegation, the party urges the government not to appoint slowly through the misguided leadership of leaders like MLAs or politicians, he added.
Explaining about the abduction of the child, police said that they received a tip at 9 pm, after the family members of the child, informed the police, that he The child was abducted by the robbers who demanded up to T.10 lakh for his release unharmed.
After this, there will be another 'Ïaid Pyni Riti' from Ïewrynghep Square to Weiking Jaïaw Stadium at 10 pm.
It is to be recalled that the U-14 men's and U-17 women's teams reached the quarterfinals but lost.
The Minister expressed the importance of having a working method, policy and support for the wine producers of the state.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Government has already prepared a plan and sent it to the HPC which has provided a beautiful, suitable site which still falls under the European Ward.
Later, the DC East Jaintia Hills invited the land owners to come to his office.
He said the relatives of the deceased will appeal to the Guahati High Court to punish the police involved.
Everyone knows that although the market is owned and operated by the Hima Mylliem, it is up to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council to deal with it.
The Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District will hold a Mega Camp at the polling stations of Mawsynram and Sohiong Assembly Constituencies on the 28th and 29th July,
In fact, the KHADC especially the Hima Mylliem should have taken action to ban the smoking in the market as it is an issue that affects the health of the people.
New Delhi: The price of petrol has risen to Rs 100 per litre, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has slammed the previous governments for failing to do so. production of electricity in the country.
Pyniaidsing said the EC is ready to improve the forests of the district council along with many other projects from the trade department, fisheries department, enforcement department, education department and others. .
Shillong, Naitung 17 : For the first time in the history of the state, a concert will be held in Krem on 16th Naitung 2022 at the Ki Sur Na Pubon. inside the cream of Arwah, Sohra.
We are like a bseiñ when we hear the decision of MLA Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the Dorbar Shnongs.
The SP has also temporarily suspended two constables while another BNC of the 3rd Battalion has been handed over to the Commandant for further investigation.
Therefore, this identity of the Khasi has its own value.
The Governor of Meghalaya, in his opening speech in the House, has expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of three lives after a clash between members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) and The state has started in Ichamati.
However, we need to discuss this issue as expressed by many stakeholder groups before taking a decision on this issue.
Mookyrdup and Sohmynting won the 3rd Division Football Tournament for the 3rd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association.
Ms BN War said that the sohniamtra market was held to promote sohniamtra farmers and to promote sohniamtra in the state. state.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: BSF troops on Tuesday seized T.55,000 counterfeit Indian currency from the border of East Jaintia Hills.
He said that the Khasi people or the children of Hynniewtrep, have never lived as independent people and the nation has already had its own identity, customs, religion and others and that is why it can be said that the Khasi people are which is very old.
After receiving a tip on the incident, the District Reserve Guard Team (DRG) rushed to the scene.
The foundation stone of the project was laid by the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and former PHE Minister Renikton Tongkhar during the MDA-I Government.
In the previous matches, the home team has taken only two wickets in the series and that is what worries the team as a whole.
He said that with the change in power, it is necessary to change the members of the Select Committee.
Mapur, 10
Because we humans want change in everything.
“Why did this happen to Rida?
The service, which ended on the Lord's Day, started on Thursday and was held at Mary's Help of Christians Parish Mawthong, one of the villages in Jashiar, South West Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, Gupta J Sangma, President of Tarabari Sector, said that after the signing of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Assam and Meghalaya, these five villages have been discriminated against. state.
Regarding the desire to come to peace, the HNLC said that the desire to come to peace is not to interfere with the jobs of the youth of the country, like the members of the HNLC who came. “It is not the government or the SHNLC, but the goal of peace is to contribute to the development of the country,” said the statement.
As soon as the Christmas Season arrives, thoughts and resources are focused on it.
The Nongstoiñ Town Committee in the past few years, has tried to install garbage dumps in many places, but no one has respected them and everyone has taken advantage of these garbage dumps by spreading garbage. what to keep and what not to keep.
In the men's 75 kg category, Pynskhemborlang Marngar from West Khasi Hills won the COC title and Olivia won the women's category. Dkhar from West Jaintia Hills in the weight category of 60 kg.
This is not the first time that such an incident has occurred in the area.
After the executive committee was handed over, Bindo said that the committee has already met to discuss the bill for more than 10 years.
He said that the Nagaland police will soon be able to launch a mobile application where people can provide information to the law enforcement agencies about drug traffickers and drug users.
The Fashion Society Shillong has announced that it will hold the Miss Shillong 2023 pageant on the 14th of this month at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Besides, the raibi has also fallen on the political parties which have been fighting against each other and fighting for their own interests.
“According to the Right to Education, for every 30 teachers, there should be one teacher,” said Babu Khongjirem. to promote and improve education in the state.
If you despise other nations, you will lose your country.
During the meeting, it was clear that the speech of the Minister of Home Affairs was too much but the union will wait for the time when the talks between the Minister of Home Affairs and the IG of BSF will be successful. If the negotiations fail, the party will take another course and act.
Aditya took 2 wickets in 3 overs while Prankit Dey took 1 wicket in 3 overs.
Bah Mayral also congratulated the government for taking the initiative to develop in various aspects especially that Ri-Bhoi District is one of the districts which has been selected as an Aspirational District.
“Even in the midst of the lighting, the people did not follow this order,” she said.
The annual sports meet was attended by 14 schools from Mawlai area, including May Queen School, Stephen Memorial Secondary School, Kiri Sing Syiem Memorial School, Phudmuri. Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Don Bosco Secondary School, Sacred Heart Girls Higher Secondary School, St.Francis D' Assisi Higher Secondary School, Sacred Heart Boys Higher secondary school, Christ Church Higher Secondary school, Savio Juniorate Higher Secondary school, Iewrynghep Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Shullai Progressive Secondary School and Sacred Heart Boys LP School.
He said that the government will soon open a National Law College at Mawdiangdiang and this will help in the implementation of justice in the state.
According to police, the woman lodged a complaint that in November 2023, one of her Facebook friends, who identified himself as Ravi Kumar, informed her. you can send a parcel.
And here the people decided together to build another building (Mot) and this building they built with oil and the oil they burned right there and gave it to the Government. and they intended this building to reach to heaven and their purpose was when they built this statue as a sign to honor themselves, because to prove themselves one race, one kind, one language. that when the earth has grown they may spread throughout the earth, and by building this house in the middle they may become one race.
ASSOCHAM, after studying the loans, said that there has been an increase of 17 percent to Rs 25.32 lakh crore till June 2020 through the withdrawal of loans from banks.
“We are deeply saddened to see his attempts to cleanse himself and also on the bail he has been granted,” said Larsing. “There are many witnesses to the murder of Elizar. ha these two men.
There is freedom of speech but Governments will do what is best for the people”.
Shillong: U Bah Edmund Khongngai, President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi, today met with the leaders of the JAC Association (JAC). .
The court also refused to hear her request, accusing her of causing trouble in the country as a whole.
Shillong, Naitung 05: A seminar on Income Tax Declaration was held on Tuesday at the Conference Hall, Aayakar Bhawan. donlang at this seminar.
“I wonder how they can declare him dead when they haven't touched anything and whether they are doctors,” he asked.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, will inaugurate the project on 17th June in Tura in the presence of HE Chang Jae-Bok, Ambassador of South Korea to India.
Speaking to reporters, Bah J.Syngkli, Organizing Secretary of NROADA, said that the reason why they have taken this step by holding a mass rally, is after the leaders of NROADA Auto, they have suffered a lot from this increase in the price of fuel.
In their speeches, they urged and urged everyone to avoid drug abuse.
Bantei said that for several months now he has been traveling around the Sohra constituency to introduce himself to the people and during this journey he said that the answer he has received from the people is that they have They don't want to see the Sohra area be the same.
He said that the revenue collected is higher than the revenue set by the government, the government sets 200 tyngka per tonne while the toll gates and weighbridges collect up to 17,000 per tonne which is against the government. you are the law of the government.
After leaving Nongkhnum Dewlynnong, Conrad returned to Nongstoin via the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road and conducted an inspection of this road which has been standing for decades.
This statement was issued by Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma, Finance Minister of Assam and BJP. Speaking to leaders from the North East, he said that the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) will be new and will be very different from the 2016 Bill.
It is worth mentioning that this program was also part of the celebration of Azadi Amrit Ka Mahotsav at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat in collaboration with the office of the Executive Engineer, Mawkyrwat. MePDCL Mawkyrwat has celebrated the 2047th anniversary of Ujjwal Bharat Ujjwal Bhavishya @ 2047 at the hall of Nativity Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
The program was held at Umsing and was attended by members of the KSU Upper Shillong Circle including Bah Hopefulborn L Mawnai, Assistant Organizing Secretary KSU CEC, Bah Shngainlang Sohkhlet, President KSU Upper Shillong Circle and others. leaders who encouraged these youths who have made them proud for the state as a whole.
Don't be afraid, don't hide your righteousness, your goodness, and your name will be proclaimed forever.
Out of the 2562 polling stations in Meghalaya, 1633 are in Shillong constituency and 929 in Tura constituency. It is on the border with Assam.
Melita Syiem MSMHC, St. Stephen's Hostel Girls, Bah Opel Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh and others.
The Byrdaw falls is one of a very little known place of attraction situated around the corner of Meghalaya.
After arriving in Shillong, Modi paid tribute to the statues of Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma which were erected in front of the State Central Library before holding a road show at the State Central Library. Khyndai Lad and to address the people of Khyndai Lad, which is a bustling market for tourists and buyers.
Donald Trump (89)Alabama (9)Arkansas (6)Indiana (11)Kentucky (8)Louisiana (8)Mississippi (6)North Dakota (3)Oklahoma (7)South Carolina (9)South Dakota (3)Tennessee ( 11)West Virginia (5)Wyoming (3)Joe Biden (126)Colorado (9)Connecticut (7)Delaware (3)District of Columbia (3)Illinois (20)Maryland (10)Massachusetts (11)New Jersey (14 )New York (29)Rhode Island (4)Vermont (3)Virginia (13).
So far, 11 people have been arrested in connection with the attack, including four well-trained militants.
This island focuses on the concept of blessing prayer.
In the first leg, Kharang SC beat Pyngkya SC 5-4 in a tied-breaker.
The residents have requested this because the road in this area is very bad and the coming and going of the residents is very difficult.
The Indian Foreign Ministry said the covishield was a vaccine developed by the Serum Institute, although it was first developed in the United Kingdom. , that the lack of covishield is a serious insult.
There were at least 10 elders.
There are four factories in the Export Promotion Industrial Park and these are Marda Industries Pvt.
On the other hand, the Sordar has also prohibited foreigners from entering the village for village work, or to publish news, or to hold various meetings. Sordar Village.
It was after the arrival of her family members who helped her to get the slip to take medicine.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Andreas Tron Sordar of Umkadhor Village said that as the Village Leader, he is deeply saddened to see that his beloved mother Noris Rani is in great distress. There is a perfect house, but with the initiative of the Dorbar Shnong and the contribution of many volunteers, they have been able to build this perfect house for living which has been handed over today.
Through the Nongpoh Kali Mandir Puja Committee, the Hindu devotees in the Nongpoh area took part in the procession to the Byrnihat River. Hindu devotees have joyfully taken part in this puja to pay tribute to those gods who are according to their traditional beliefs.
Once I saw it, I was so happy that I didn't feel like a human being anymore.
Police put the death toll at 33, while the army in New Delhi and Srinagar put the death toll at
I also want you to see how the road is far away and how the people of this area are suffering.
Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare, Government of Meghalaya, Anurag Agrawal, IG, NE Sector, CRPF, Chiefs of Police, Defense and State Administration also participated in the programme.
Barrister Pakem, Rd.
He also referred to Article 5 Legislation of the Annexed Agreement which states that the Khasi States shall have representatives in the Assembly and all the laws of India shall recognize the rights and customs of the Khasi Hima/Elaka. States, but to this day the Chief Executive Members do not have leaders in the Assembly.
I Love You is one of the murderers who has many cases at Jowai Police Station.
In fact, the road has deteriorated due to landslides during the rainy season and flooding during the dry season.
Of these matches, only four will be played in Pakistan, including the Super Four, which could be played between Pakistan and Bangladesh in Lahore.
They must have the spirit of competition and the determination to be the strongest in this age of struggle.
Please call 8729940460 for more information.
The Minister also introduced the gender budget and allocated T.5,271 crore for the year 2024-2
If we look around the State (except Garo Hills) we can see that the tree forests have decreased significantly and have begun to disappear and there have been more hills.
The Kur Snaitang has awarded the prize to the two children of Vinetta Snaitang and Bah WL Warjri, Steffi Niza W. Snaitang and Chelsy Snaitang from Mawkyrwat. .
Shillong: There are 93 new cases of covid-19 in the state today, according to the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. , to 1035 people.
Nongpoh: The HSPDP on Tuesday held a meeting at the Umsning Auditorium Hall and announced that Bah Primson Makdoh, a youth from the village of Umdihar, who will contest from Umsning Constituency, said that they have a strong hope that the party will win from this constituency in the 2023 elections.
The Elaka sends its condolences to the family members of the deceased, who has been with the Elaka for decades, said a statement from Bah Bah R. Shabong, Acting Sirdar, People of Tmar District.
However, the union did not specify or specify who would pay the salary to him or even clear Aikman's outstanding salary.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ronnie V.Lyngdoh said that it is not only the duty of the Government to bring these needs before the Central Government, but it is also the duty of everyone. residents of Meghalaya.
At the same time, he suggested to the government to work together with the police, Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Organizations and drug treatment centers. he shall not be brought to the place of assembly, nor shall he be released.
We hope that the political parties especially those in the opposition will force the government to send for a thorough inspection by the IITs of the country on all the buildings.
Until now, we don't know who was involved in this crime, but to accuse and generalize everything is wrong without knowing the truth who did it and why.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, today lifted the curfew at the house of BM Kurbah, Rilbong, from today, 28th July
I don't want to deceive or mislead the people”.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 08: The 1st Sngap Singh Syiem Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle today. Nongbri (Nongjri) Football Team beat Khliehmawlieh Youth Club 4-1 in the semi final.
There will also be a public exhibition and sale of handicrafts, food items of various kinds made by individuals and organizations within the district and also. spirit from other districts.
“Children have been shot, beaten and harassed on social media,” said Barry L Kharmalki, Drug User Union of Meghalaya (DUUM).
The four deceased were identified as Linda C Zothanpuii, 36 Yrs, Madanrting, Shillong, EK Hills. patient: Meiai Kharkongor, 50 Yrs/MAddress: Mawrashe, Dongsohkhwai, EK HillsAdmitted on 20-01-2022 in Civil Hospital ShillongExpired on 25-01-2022Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with comorbiditiesh,Namelly of Lyngrs: FAddress: Pynthorbah, Shillong, EK HillsAdmitted on 20-01-2022 in NEIGRIHMS Hospital ShillongExpired on 25-01-2022Cause of death: Covid-19 Positive with comorbiditiesName of patient: Euphresia D.Nongtraw, 82 Traressce: Kench/FA Yrs , EK HillsBrought died on 24-01-2022 to NEIGRIHMS Hospital ShillongCovid-19 Positive with comorbidities.
According to sources, 27 Medical and Health Officers were scheduled to be appointed at the Maternal Child Health Hospital, Jowai in July and June this year but 10 of them have been sent to PHCs. or CHC for training in Chennai.
Conrad said the government understands the concerns of students or parents regarding the delay in releasing scholarships.
The chief guest, Dr Streamlet Dkhar, Head, Department of Khasi, North Eastern Hill University, spoke strongly to promote such efforts.
Regarding the success of Deicymery, she sent her special congratulations to all the teachers of her school and parents, brothers and sisters and fellow students who passed the Final Exam. they are either passing or not passing.
However, the sad thing is that in these days many husbands betray their husbands and the husbands beat their husbands.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) on Tuesday commemorated the 158th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nongbah; The march started from Mawlai Polytechnic and ended at Motphran.
After Meghalaya got its own state, Edwell joined the Shillong Eleven as a state player.
"For me, this is one of the most terrible incidents I have seen in my 23 years in law enforcement, and I have spent all 23 years," Uniontown Police Chief Michael Batchik told USA Today. years here in Uniontown.
“Since the former prime minister, his daughter and brother-in-law, Daryl, have come to the constituency to support the independent candidate Sengbath Marak,” said the Block Congress members. Daryl is in Nokil and Williamnagar to work against Deborah Marak.
The JSU said this after a meeting with the Executive Engineer, Jowai Central Division on 30th November after the complaints of the people about the deterioration of these two highways.
However, that did not happen, even though the Dorbar Hima Nongkhlaw and Bah Kitdor agreed to support the project.
On the other hand, Judge SR Sen said that earlier, there was a complaint and later it was dismissed on the first complaint by James Ban Basaiawmoit MDC. , who is the leader of the PDF, was resigned on 17th January
Regarding the upcoming Lok Sabha elections, Bah Shangpliang said he would leave it to the judgment and wisdom of the top NPP leaders. The former MLA said he took the decision to join the NPP after seeing how the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has been able to bring about changes in many development projects in Meghalaya. in the last five years.
“According to the agreement between the Sengkhasi and the MTDC on 23/2/2019, on these 22 buildings, the allocation of funds has reached more than T.18 crore (T.18, 82.54904)”.
Speaking to BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said the BJP is preparing for the post of MP especially after the elections. The two parties, the ruling NPP and the UDP, have no agreement.
Police have registered a case in connection with the incident. The investigation is ongoing and the suspects have been identified and will be brought to justice.
If anyone feels affected by the law or policy, they are free to go to the Supreme Court instead of expressing their differences”.
“The MDA, which I will rename the Meghalaya Deceitful Alliance, has once again been involved in the theft of the state's wealth, this time in the form of the purchase of 807 acres of land in Mawkhanmu in Mawpdang village, where the government and brokers have bought this land, which they have cheated and thanked the land owners and the people of this village by selling it at a price of Rs. 45 per square feet, while the price of another part is Rs 85 per square feet, said Dr Mukul Sangma while talking to reporters at the TMC headquarters in Lower Lachumier.
Interested candidates will be interviewed on 3rd October
I would like to say this in front of Modi that you should not play with the Constitution of the country because if you play with the Constitution of the country you will divide the country.
He said employees from state and central government offices have expressed their readiness to go to work.
To improve disaster preparedness for the achievement of Sustainable Development Goal no.13, Climate Action where preparedness will be paramount.
Shillong: The state government today decided to allow those who have been vaccinated against covid-19 twice to enter the state without the need for RT-PCR. this month.
The Archbishop of Guwahati, John Moolachira and the President of the North East India Regional Bishops' Council (NEIRBC) said the news was shocking and sad.
It would be a great help if those who are silent and only know how to criticize would lend a hand to the government.
Father Hilarious Lamare, who is in charge of Jowai Parish, said that the Wah Myntdu is a gift from God to the people of Ri Lum Jaintia but now God is sad to see that mankind does not respect it. Bah TW Blah, a retired school teacher, said that in his childhood, they used to go to eat meat near the Myntdu River and the river is still clean and sweet.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: U Bah Hopeful Bamon, an independent MLA from Sutnga-Saipung, on Tuesday said that he has decided to remain an independent MLA despite some people who have come to persuade him to join the party.
They also discussed the cleaning of about 150 meters which he has already done and on his part, he said that he will stop the cleaning which he has already done because the union has seen it. that it is indeed a way of working that is not found in such a way.
“There are ARPA MDCs who oppose the MUDA Housing Act and there are those who support the government and we feel it is pointless to join the group because there is no unity,” they said.
On 5th November 2018, the SCCCMDF had requested the Supreme Court to allow the transportation of coal and the Supreme Court had given them time until 31st November They said that the remaining coal till that day is 1,76,655 metric tonnes and as soon as the order was issued, the coal buyers were ready to expedite the transportation of their coal.
The CEM of KHADC and MDCs from the synsar producing constituencies have held a meeting in the presence of officials of the Forest Department regarding the price hike of the farmers of the state. to sell synsar, sohmrit and others to the traders, especially the Marwaris at the Mawiong market.
When you look at their Disaster Management, they say it's chapter
Most of the Meiteis are from Mizoram and Assam.
The meeting was also attended by TMC MDC from Rongrong, Resubelpara Assembly candidate Rinaldo K Sangma, TMC MDC from North Garo Hills, District President and TMC candidate from Kharkutta constituency Cherak. W Believers.
“I have discussed this issue with the Chief Minister of Assam, where we have spoken by phone about 10 times in the past four days and tonight we will discuss this issue again,” he said. said Conrad.
Five men, three from Assam and five from Ri Bhoi, have been arrested by the Jorabat Police Outpost on the evening of 20th June, on charges of He was involved in motorcycle theft in Assam and Meghalaya.
I will not comment on this Order of the Court, or the subsequent Order on the suo moto PIL relating to the preparation of the Roster.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and IPC. , isolation, testing, quarantine and to prevent the spread of the virus for the health of the community to avoid any spread of COVID-1
Of course, the blessings should also come from Meghalaya.
At this Holy Eucharistic Mass, thousands of faithful, Sisters, Brothers and Leaders of the Small Church Group took part in the partaking of the consecrated Bread and Wine. which is the Body and Blood of the Lord Jesus Christ.
"For more information, please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) West Jaintia Hills District.
As a society, we must also eradicate the idea that those who are HIV positive or AIDS are stupid, no, it is not so.
For example, many ethnic minorities in Mizoram, Nagaland and Meghalaya are exempt from paying Income Tax to the Central Government despite knowing that they are rich and able to pay. taxes.
Before Zenithsky was allowed to leave the House, the Speaker ordered him to bow to all the ruling and opposition members of the House.
The final decision will be taken on Friday, when it is expected that there will be a strong difference between the yes and no votes. is equal to half and therefore, it is a very difficult carriage to predict yet.
Ms Ampareen said that this day is special for women and congratulated the NRLM for introducing such programs to encourage women to stand up and fight for their rights.
Nongpoh: A youth identified as Ailongbha Pariat from Umroi Nonglum village, has donated 116 Top Syntek to the people of Nongthymmai village under Raid Madan Kyrdem.
bad to the Garo 40 p.
Regarding the preparations for the shad, the Assistant Secretary of the Dorbar Raid Nongtung, said that before the Lakhompong shad, the children make the tyngkong kron and two days have been selected. Muso to go to Laban (Shillong) to buy all the necessities for the Lakhomphong festival and the festival has been chosen to be held on the day of Mushang or Mushai but there are other years that cannot be avoided. any day but shall be excluded from the months of April, June or June.
On the difference between the Clan Bill and the Lineage Act, the CEM said that the Clan Bill also has a part to look after the Tangjait while the Lineage Act is more focused on the recognition of the Khasi. who should also receive the Schedule Tribe certificate.
To assist also to the shopkeepers who earn only 200 or 300 per day such as those who sell wai dong, jhur, alumuri etc.
It is the home of a senior LeT leader who is said to have worked for the group for about eight years and is believed to have been a long-time militant within the militant group. live.
According to the bank, T.24.26 lakh was deposited from Damodarananda's account, T.7.70 lakh from Swami Purnabratananda's account and T. 28.56 lakh by checks drawn from some BSS members. The money of Purnabratananda was misused by Damodarananda.
Why various political parties did not come to stop this work remains unknown.
The program was organized by the All India Poets Conference in collaboration with the Garo Department, NEHU Tura, Achik Literature Society and Sahitya Akademi, Delhi.
In the Matric examination, the percentage of girls who passed was 83.38% while that of boys was only 73.86%. There were 20,895 students who sat for the Class XII examination while only 14 students passed. 235, the percentage of passers was 81.62% while the percentage of males was 81.51%.
The union said that after this ejahar, it will also meet with the Deputy Commissioner of the district, Abhilash Baranwal to seek reports on the progress of the works related to the NH-6
The half-term dropout rate of children is terrible.
Referring to the fact that Meghalaya was separated from Assam as an Autonomous State in June, 1970 and declared as a full state on 21st July, 1972, she said that the state has developed in many aspects. these last 50 years.
With the aim of strengthening cultural education, research and innovation, NEHU has signed partnerships with ASEAN, QUAD, Pacific Rim countries and will now strengthen its relationship by preparing to sign agreements. I'm going to Mauritius.
The KSU said that the road has turned into a fish pond due to the flooding especially during the rainy season.
After the garbage collectors found the body of the child, they immediately informed the Lumshyiap village authorities and the village informed the police.
Latiplang said that they have been told that only by speaking against or complaining to the District Council against the wrongdoing of the Syiem, the complainants are complained to the Syiem.
Kong Thangkhiew announced that the election will be held tomorrow at 2 pm.
Weldila Rapthap, wife of (L) Comfort Bareh, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on
When asked about the entry of Bangladeshi suspects into the border, Roy Kupar Synrem said that there are still places where Bangladeshis have not entered the border. You don't have to sign up, even if the place falls under the signboard.
“Why we want to turn to tourism is because we know that coal is almost gone and at the same time it is illegal before the law if we mine illegally so we want to promote this tourism industry.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that on the 26th November 2020, there will be a meeting of the MDA Co-ordination Committee, where all the allegations of the party will be brought forward. BJP at this meeting included the issue of corruption in the two District Councils.
Shillong: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has warned of heavy thunderstorms and heavy rain in most parts of Assam and Meghalaya on 1st June
You don't get anywhere.
Psalm 48:8.
Mrinal Das was selected after his performances in the recently concluded Vinod Mankad Trophy and Cooch Behar Trophy cricket tournaments.
Mawkasiang SC have scored three points after Mawreng SC failed to reach the walk over.
Dr M.Ampareen Lyngdon, unfurled the tricolor flag of India followed by the singing of the National Anthem.
Regarding the award ceremony, he said that the Dorbar Shnong has organized such an award ceremony to encourage the students not to stop part-time in their studies and also to promote the read in the village.
Hundreds of supporters of these two parties have blown ksieng ka dhah at the venue to welcome the leaders who have been able to stop the CAB which the people of the North East have voted for. the eastern part of India does not accept it at all.
Therefore, the Department of Agriculture needs to provide more training and to extend the training to the remote villages.
The General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram , Bah Tyllilang Myrthong , said that if this happens , everything will be done by the President of the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram Dorbar Hima in the past year.
He hates us and will try to deceive us by calling us with various temptations to fulfill God's purpose which God wants us to grow in all aspects and especially in life. spiritual growth and well-being.
“We as the government respect the feelings of the people and decide on any matter according to the wishes of our citizens.
M Venkaiah Naidu, Speaker of the Rajya Sabha, may convene a meeting of all political parties on the 11th of this month to discuss the bill. The BJP government has not brought it to the House.
“We went from one office to another, from the office Commandant Home Guard complained to the DC, if we went to the DC he said that the S.D.M.A office has not been released. N.H.M,” said the Volunteers.
Anyone with information on the disappearance of the woman is kindly requested to call the Police Control Room at Laitumkhrah PS. 8837282114.
According to a source from West Jaintia Hills Police, on the 5th of this month, a team of police led by Woman Police Officer, WPSI, J Nongsiej in the presence of two officers from the district including District Handloom Officer, Kong D Lyngdoh, and Asst.Enforcement Inspector (Transport Deptt.
Sir, when you were on the hill of Pyllong, you were my father, and you never forgot to come with your body or soul.
Jamshedpur FC scored the first goal of the match through Ritwik Das in the 85th minute and 20th minute. Jamshedpur won the title.
Citing five examples, the group in the letter expressed concern that such incidents could affect all the States in the North East.
In collaboration with the Department of Social Work, St. Edmunds College, Shillong, the District TB Office, East Khasi Hills District has gathered a meeting with the residents of Mawutieng, Khatarshnong. students and teachers.
Regaldus L.Phone no.
They hesitate to go to school/college, even if it is a holiday, it will waste their time.
Rocky Kylla, Chairman of UTD, said that the festival will be held in a different manner and there will be many entertainment activities and competitions in various sports. to participate from children and adults.
Those who worked only two or three hours went away.
Conrad Sangma has directed the people to support the passage of the CAB Bill into the CAA Act.
He said that according to a report released by the government, China is expected to become the country with the highest number of elderly people by
However, Angkit and Kishlay Vishlux, who were in the middle of the field for almost the entire second session, scored 84 runs for the sixth wicket.
If you look at the states of the North East, you will find that Assam, Tripura and Meghalaya are the states with the closest border with Bangladesh. Bangladeshis do not have the right to enter India.
The use of hotels, guest houses and lodges by private vehicles to transport tourists to tourist destinations is affected by commercial vehicles that do not pay various taxes as stipulated by the government.
“From this scheme this year we will get about 2000 because we can implement it well,” he said.
Up to 120 boys and girls received Holy Communion for the first time.
Lamare SC Shillong beat PSA Guwahati by 11 goals in the fourth pre quarter final of the Invitation Knockout Football Tournament, organized by New. Nongstoiñ Sports Social and Cultural Club.
There are 164 villages within it, a population of more than 54,000, a literacy rate of 58%. from the oldest Block in the State.
From Kharang SC, all four candidates including F. Tariang, B. Khongjoh, Jkharsati, L. Taro and K. Marwein have been nominated, while from Iatyllilang SC, only four candidates have been nominated. Kharang SC won 5-4 in the tie breaker and took the title and the trophy. Hamletson Dohling, who was also present on the occasion.
The government has also approved the salary increase to 2.30 lakh anganwadi workers in the state.
The charter was launched by Bah JWar MDC and EE KHADC who was also the chief guest at the meeting held at Mawkhlam Nongpyndeng.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 05: The Association of Power Engineers (AOPE), MeECL, Meghalaya, which is one of the associations in the Department, works for the welfare of the department. The Association as a whole has donated to Ibapynhun Lawphniaw who is 3 years old from Mawkohphet village, Mawkyrwat South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that after IIT-Guwahati submitted its report on the collapse of the new Legislative Assembly, has the PWD (Buildings) department questioned Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd? .
The meeting was opened by Samla Rapborlang Nongrum who conducted the meeting and on his part, he said that the Seng does not promise but will fight as much as possible to help those families who have suffered from this. They are not allowed to enter the country as a whole.
The Government is now doing its duty by trying to address this issue,” he said.
It is to be recalled that on 4th June 2020, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has said that there is no coal smuggling in the state as claimed by many churches.
Therefore, this place of treatment will be closed until further notice.
Only two Meghalaya batsmen managed to score more than 40 runs – Mrityunjay Bharali and Bipin who scored 11 runs each.
The situation in these days for the villagers, is always in words, while the work is in vain and we have seen in these days the biggest problems that we are facing and these are that We cannot sell coal, which has been banned for more than five years and we cannot ban the Citizenship Act (CAA) and we cannot implement the demands of the Inner Act. Line Permit (ILP) has been in force for more than 30 years.
This woman has two children from her father, one of whom has died.
Police were alerted after someone saw the body floating on the water.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) R Chandranathan, on Tuesday said that the police had intended to arrest Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, but the shooting incident occurred after a fight between him and the police. He tried to shoot one of the policemen and to protect himself, the police shot him.
The Association invites all clubs within the Thadlaskein Block from the remotest areas who wish to join and take part in this tournament.
Also present at the meeting were DIO East Jaintia Hills District, Dr Nidamon Suchiang and Medical Officer of Sutnga CHC, Dr R. Toi.
Donglal Muan Vaiphel of Bissau College, Shillong with 64.57 per cent, Kitboklang Warshong of Morning Star College, Shillong, Balarihun P Nongrum, who scored 61.36 per cent. Sankardev College, Shillong scored 60.36 per cent, Ibanrilang Thangkhiew scored 60.14 per cent, Sumona Anima Costa scored 60.00 per cent and St Mary's College Shillong scored 60.00 per cent. Kennedy Dhar scored 60.00 per cent. Laban College, Shillong and U V Thangrouding who scored 60.00 per cent.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has no longer cooperated with the National People's Party (NPP) in the upcoming MP elections, as it did in
The High Court said this while hearing the maintenance of the National Highway-6 which has been badly damaged.
Dr Lyngdoh said that while speaking, she came back to the discussion that has been held since last year where there was the best training to fight against the disease, but this year we have seen the responsibility of the government.
“In Jowai, the food prepared is not suitable for eating because the food is hard or tyrkhong, raw, meat is not suitable for eating and tea is sweet,” said the trainees.
It is also advised that if anyone receives such photographs, they should report them to the nearest police station.
Those who have more than two children are also banned from contesting panchayat elections in the area. They are also allowed to sell kyiad in public places. they are the ones who don't drink alcohol at all.
Police have arrested the Lawei ba Phyrnai from his workplace and seized several documents including the mobile phone used to send the bomb threat email.
In the past few days, it has been discovered by the police chiefs that one of them, who was appointed by the former DGP, has bought 29 vehicles and set them in his house without registering them. because of insufficient documentation.
Amit Shah said that if the North East Council sets a target by 2022 under the ease of doing business in consultation with all the states, this will be a great achievement.
“What's your name?” Linda asked. “My name is Donbok but I was called Bahnah.
Therefore, after October 2, 2023, various political parties will try to form a new Government for five years and the people are waiting to see the new Government and which party will lead. the new Government.
“According to the list, students have been selected to study in three categories – Open Category, Khasi Jaintia Category and Garo Category.
Therefore, tympew leaves are known as the best plant leaves and are used especially when burnt.
At present, there are many parts of the NH-6 under Wapungskur village which are often flooded in the middle of the road during the rainy season. This is due to the lack of water tanks that have already been constructed on this road and also due to the incomplete construction of all the drains. Even today, the compensation has not been released to the owners of the land.
The health centers scheduled to open in 2022-2023 include Jowai MCH in West Jaintia Hills, Nongstoin MCH in West Khasi Hills and 100 bed hospital in Khliehriat, Lawbah PHC in Marmain. PHC in Ri Bhoi and Kasiabari PHC in West Garo Hills.
These households have to take more and more from the households that are not able to earn money.
“Special cells are needed at all police stations and a 24 hour number should be set up to protect the people of the North East, to protect the students of the North East. “As soon as the BJP issue came out, the Congress immediately demanded that the BJP should look after them,” said the BJP. apologize and should immediately retract this statement against the people of the North East.
Archbishop Jala in his speech said that the blessings of God have always been with us in the past years.
The hostel has been requested since 2017 and the construction has been completed.
The US Consul General was explained the sacredness of the forest by a young man appointed by the Hima Mawphlang, who explained the more than 700 years old history of the Law Kyntang.
But know that not only is God loving but God is also very angry with the inheritance that rejects him.
All that remains now is for the state government to open the new bridge at Dwarksuid after allowing vehicles and motorcycles to pass through the new bridge.
PBS“I don't know what to do now.
However, the healing work of the Presbyterian Church began with the arrival of Dr Griffiths Griffiths in 1878-79 when he opened two pharmacies at Mawphlang and Laitlyngkot and at the same time taught to the owners of the land on the work of medicine.
At the same time, the union demanded that the government should immediately open and fully implement the Blood Bank at Nongstoin Civil Hospital, as it will cause problems in case of emergency blood.
The lapbah was on the earth for 40 days and 40 nights.
It is for this reason that the most corrupt people in our country are Christians.
“Our protest will be peaceful and if there are any perpetrators we will urge the law enforcement agencies to arrest them immediately,” he said.
What they do is that they fence and close the commons and the residents can no longer enter and leave, work, cultivate, fetch water, cut wood and lose all the rights.
He also warned that if anyone marries a child, they may be subject to various provisions of the PACSO Act.
As those who have a shared responsibility for the life and death of the nation, we must remind, whether they listen or not, we will remind.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: The FKJGP Lad Rymai unit has closed down about 20 shops in Lad Rymbaia after it was found that foreign shopkeepers have taken advantage of the opportunity to sell up to T. 80 –T.150 per kilogram of rice.
Among the women who won were Elyzia Nengnong, Haphimanbha Kharkamni, Rimesha Kharbyngar, Maphibansan Lyngwa, Cassandra Rijanai Pasi, Angelica Lyngdoh, Asorphi Lyngdoh Mawlong, Teachers N.All.
The death toll has risen to 475 and the number of infections to 7,93,8
The DC has announced this order today and it will come into force immediately until further notice.
Initially, Modi will address a large public meeting, including leaders of both the BJP and the Janata Dal (Secular) or JD(S). .
The players must also bring their original birth certificates on the day of the screening.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Vincent H Pala said that the Congress party will continue to strengthen the party in all districts of the state in order to prepare for the 2023 elections and without doubt the Congress party will win many seats. Although many of the senior leaders have left the party, the door has opened for many leaders who are still in power and trust in the Congress party.
The founder of the kyiad is the greatest among the great men of the world.
Umroi MDC Umroi Constituency, Bah Fabian Lyngdoh, said that the laws that the Fathers have installed in the area are beneficial and necessary for the people of the area. sacred trees planted, they also serve as a source of water, rivers and clean air for breathing.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The Union Minister of State for Social Justice and Empowerment, Pratima Bhoumik today launched the PM-DAKSH skills training programme. Kushalta Sampann Hitgrahi) Yojana, for persons with disabilities in Shillong today.
Through this meeting, it was also suggested that Computer should be made a compulsory subject in schools and not just an optional subject as before. , especially the Arts Stream to be in line with the NCERT syllabus. On this occasion, all the Principals promised to take full responsibility to guide their students in the selection of subjects for this Entrance Test and to assist them in registering themselves.
Scientists say that “Geothermal is a heat source that does not require any electricity, does not burn and does not contain any waste or smoke.
At least 200 people have been injured in the clashes so far.
With great sadness we would like to inform you that Marylian Pyrbot, mother of Bolinda, Belinda and Suk, who lived in Mawlai Nongmali-3, passed away on
“We are all children of God, the souls of brothers and sisters is the theme of the Anniversary celebration this year, but the question is whether only human beings are precious in the sight of God? Human rights are based on the dignity of life or the belief that every life is precious and that is the true foundation of life.
Shillong: Nongmalieh Ford, Mawlai Mawiong, today launched a new car called the EcoSports Thunder.
More than 1,22,000 people have been affected by the floods in Barpeta, Chirang, Darrang, Golaghat and Kamrup. , Morigaon and Nagaon districts until last month.
KJDSTA President Babu Kular Khongjirem said that this was confirmed by government officials from the education department to the KJDSTA leaders at a meeting today.
The program was concluded with a welcome speech by the General Secretary of the Youth Development Society Mynso-B, Samla Balam Pakma.
Brazil were beaten in the World Cup by Belgium in Russia on Saturday.
After drinking with the girl, after a while it was 5:30 pm.
Noting that the NGT should not interfere in Meghalaya, Sutnga said the fundamental rights of the indigenous people should be respected under the Sixth Scheduled.
Habanjop Richmond Marbaniang, a 15-year-old student of Rama Krishna Mission School, Sohra, has shown his talent after taking part in the second part of the competition. Phase-2 of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association was supported by the Directorate of Sports & Youth Affairs of the State Government.
The selection of stadiums is based on a thorough analysis and even the matches of the North East Zone in Guwahati,” he added.
When the changes of time came only about two hundred years ago and Christianity came along with it, but the peoples were overwhelmed and often overwhelmed by the colors of modernity and customs. Christianity that was only two hundred years ago.
The Court has scheduled another hearing for July 10 on the matter.
He gave an example that even schools run by private groups can provide excellent services and education even if the salaries are not high.
The BJP, based on these issues, has requested the Minister to look into this issue by extending the application date so that it will be for the benefit of the students. .
They expressed their satisfaction to see that the work has progressed despite some problems related to the acquisition of land for the construction of the road, which they hoped that the PWD department would be able to resolve.
However, he said it is up to the people of Meghalaya to decide and do what is right against the corruption of the MDA government. It is now up to the people of Meghalaya to take a decision and not the central government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 30 : The quarterfinal match of the (L) Jien Pyngrope Invitational Football Tournament 2022 organized by the Mawkynrew Cup Committee will start on Saturday, November 3 at Jongs Village Football Ground.
They also said that if they leave the Nepali market, they demand that they pay up to 30,000 tyngka per vendor.
Modi said the main foundation for a prosperous India is PM JANMAN or PM Janjati Adivasi Nyaya Maha Abhiyan.
Kham ñiar doesn't see who earns his Hok.
Explaining about the allocation of funds on these roads, Dasakhiat said that up to T.80 crore has been allocated for the road from Umsning to Sonidan and T.40 crore for the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai. He also said that these roads will start construction soon as soon as the rain falls.
Police, after receiving a tip from the owner of the truck, tracked down the vehicle from Pub-Deopani near Kaziranga National Park, Assam and arrested the suspect.
The retail price for Fair Price Shop (FSP) Centers within 5 km of the wholesale shop at Sutnga Sub-Depot will be set by the Vigilance Committee. elsewhere.
He said that together with Sniawbhalang, they will try to improve the Pyrda (Aitnar or Biang) which is the sacred pond for the Behdeinkhlam ritual.
Look at the difference between the government of Tamil Nadu and the government of Meghalaya.
Shillong, November 02: U Bah Boldness Lyngdoh Nongum today was arrested for stealing T.80,000/- from his account with the State Bank of India. Branch Manager of the Bank.
Thermal screening will be used at the entrances of the shops and those without masks will not be allowed to enter the shops. they shall not be without law in these places.
Shillong: The Khasi Authors' Society (KA) has moved its office from Jaiaw Langsning, Shillong to the Arts & Culture Guest House near the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
Documents required are Xerox Ration Card (AAY/PHH/Non-NFSA) or Job Card or Family Composition form.
He has faced many challenges in life; but he cannot do many things by himself, nor can he do them.
DMs also shared the practices they initiated that led to increased tika uptake.
This lecture and explanation by Prof Banshan has benefited not only the students but also the teachers.
Earlier, the government had admitted that it had lost about T.600 crore in revenue per annum due to the NGT ban on coal mining and had also cut the budget of all government departments by up to 20 percent due to the shortage. money from the mining ban.
For students living in tents, they are connected to nearby schools at no extra cost.
When asked about the death of the KSU member, the DC has not yet confirmed.
Some of the residents on the border have two EPICs and receive development works from both the state governments and this situation of the residents and village leaders on the border has caused problems to the council.
There are many allegations that this Government has deceived, misled and mislead the people of many churches.
Today, 2nd July 2023, photographs and videos have spread rapidly showing the attack on the Christian Church in Narayanpur.
The meeting was conducted by the Rangbah Shnong Greenstar G. Momin and all the residents who attended the meeting raised their hands to stay in Meghalaya.
“SSASA has been supporting the Khasi community since the 1970-1980s in Meghalaya when there were protests against mynder and in Shillong.
He said that perseverance brings the fruit of success in any field.
Shillong: The Congress candidate from Jaiaw, Bah Augustar Jyrwa, on Tuesday said that the reason why he voted for the Congress party is because it is able to fight against the BJP. to stir up the little paid.
Three mobile phones were also seized from the suspects.
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The Principal Secretary, Animal Hubandry, GHP Raju on Saturday urged the teachers not to discourage the students or doubt their ability to do well in their studies. Teachers doubt that they will not be able to do well in their studies and that they will succeed.
The worst case is in Meghalaya, where thousands of teachers in Khasi-Jaintia and Garo Hills have lost their jobs after passing.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 4 high risk cases.
Three candidates for Congress ticket from Jirang constituency.
It is hoped that the HPC will also accept the land proposed by the government so that the decision taken by the government from the beginning will be successful.
He said that the farmers have talked to their MLAs in their constituencies in these years but the answer is that nothing can be done.
Sangma said it would be a great pride for the state to get its own state anthem, as the state has not had a state anthem since it got its own state anthem.
“During this protest, some of them carried placards that read; “Don't play politics with human life,” “We demand lasting peace in Manipur,” “Government of India, your unfair behavior shows their intentions regarding the Northeast,” “Ko the Government of India has abandoned political affairs.
The United States has already approved the delivery of F-16 fighter jets worth about $619 million.
“We are taking measures to close down all the unnecessary departments set up by the government,” he said.
Laskar also visited the Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians, Shillong.
Why don't you send back these others or relocate them to their own quarters of the departments...the 1.4 acre has been exempted,” said Bah Nongrum.
In fact, these employees have stopped working from today and tomorrow they will hold a rally from Madan Malki to the DHS office in Laitumkhrah.
At the price of Patanjali, 100ml of cow's milk costs T.45, while cow's milk costs T.50 per litre. .
One of the reasons is that at that time many households could not afford to buy a smart phone where teachers conducted school online.
He said that many people not only from Mawlai, but from all over the country have informed him and expressed their surprise over the decision to provide a one-way road for the Mawlai bypass. The Mawlai Bypass should have been announced on the day of the opening of the Mawlai Bypass and explained the reasons why the government has taken this decision. the people will understand and will not remain in darkness.
Thomas reportedly raped her several times from July 2020 to June 2021, on the promise of living with her.
It is to be recalled that the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Mawlai was first launched in 1994, which was before the Shad Suk Mynsiem of the Seng Khasi Kmie, which was a sign of preaching and encouragement. Therefore, I would like to extend my heartfelt congratulations to all the people of the land of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, that the time of joy and happiness has come, when mankind will be able to come out with the dress of gold and silver, to dance. in the lympung shad to thank God the Creator.
This booklet testifies to the work done by the Khasi National Dorbar in the past hundred years.
:U MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton L.Tongkhar on 13th November, 2023 together with several other leaders of the area visited the road constructed under the PMGSY scheme. Speaking to reporters, the contractor, who has stopped working on this road, said that he has already met with the Minister of State for The PWD Roads Department has requested the government to sanction the construction of this road which has been in place for 6 villages in the Mawkhyrwang to Nongnam area which will be less than 16 km. There are up to 6 villages which have been affected by the lack of roads and have to walk for about 3 hours.
Brazil, South Africa, Belgium, Germany and the Netherlands, which are the co-hosting projects, have already expressed their willingness to bid for the tournament. women's ball.
The UN's 8 billion lives survey has shown that India's population has increased by 1.56 percent compared to last year.
At the same time, the Seng demands that lifetime compensation should be provided to this child as the loss of both her hands has left her blind.
However, as in other hilly areas, people in Meghalaya, especially women and children, face many difficulties in getting drinking water away from home.
Ripaia Passah, District Social Welfare, Khliehriat was the chief guest.
Auspicious said that in June this year, after it was announced that Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh Mawphlang will not contest the election, some elders suggested to go and talk to him and there was a talk. between the two in which it was agreed to renegotiate.
The government has suspended Islam from government service after the incident.
Fullmoon, driving a Maruti Swift Desire (ML04-D-1113), collided with the vehicle on the 16th of this month.
Hebrews 9:15.
Replying to this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that the state government has strongly opposed the objectives and ideas of the UCC as it is against the constitution of India. to many different groups of people.
“But Bah.
NCP MLA Marthon Sangma will contest from the Congress constituency.
At present, almost all the teachers in Ri Bhoi do not receive salaries, while the SSA teachers are not paid from Delhi. others, you mean it's because of lack of money from Delhi? Therefore, the union has asked why other departments have implemented the Budget Estimation Allocation and Monitoring System (BEAMS) to increase the salaries of their employees but why the Education Department cannot do the same. or BEAMS? Therefore, the union urges the state government to take action and pay all the 5 months salary of the SSA teachers, teachers in government schools and deficit, because if the government does not pay the salaries, it will cause problems to the teachers, who have been working hard for the improvement of education in the state, he added. .
The wife of the MLA, from Lakhimpur, went to withdraw money, but when she reached the bank, it was reported that the money worth T.14 lakh had disappeared from the bank. Utpal Dutta has lodged a complaint with the police since 19th June 2018 without the knowledge of the MLA. Your account number 10821663278 at SBI Dispur was stolen on 19th June
As a Lawyer In our opinion, Bah Ganold has a better way of thinking as a lawyer, because he comes from a family where his father, Bah Aron Alley, also known as Bah Billy, dei i lawyer batbit.
Sanki Langstang scored the third goal for Ladthadlaboh in the 86th minute.
On the other hand, Kong Margret Pathaw also congratulated the KSU, North Khasi Hill District Unit and all the civil society organizations and the people who supported them on this trip to Turkey. pray for them to win the title of victory in this tournament.
If it is money allocated from the political party budget, we have nothing to complain about.
The village has only 38 households and 216 heads of population.
Political leaders have been making statements against the residents of Punjabi Colony without stopping, without saying a word or visiting the scene of the blast to express their condolences. or providing support to families," he said.
Shillong, July: The National Health Authority (NHA) has congratulated the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Director of Health Services (DHS) Dr Aman War for the implementation of the The Chief Executive Officer of NHA RS Sharma has sent a special letter to the State regarding the failure to conduct the review meeting of Ayushman Sangam. The North East Conference on 23rd and 24th June in Shillong to discuss the implementation of the Prime Minister's Jan Arogya Yojana (PM-JAY) and the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM).
According to Dr Kharshiing, the government's decision is an attempt to replace the Rangbah Shnongs as this has been done in a hurry and right.
The Janjatiya Gaurav Divas program was held on 18th November, 2013 as part of the Central Government's Janjatiya Gaurav Divas programme. he is a minority across India.
Thus the Jews or Israelites were destroyed because they did not want to accept the truth of the knowledge of the Word of God, and they did not want to accept Jesus as the Messiah or Christ the Savior of the world. now mine.
Kynshi, Jymmang 15: All four VPP MLAs visited Kynshi village today to recruit members of the party.
“It is unacceptable for the NSCN to use the Naga flag as a cultural flag as claimed by the Indian government,” said Nagalim, the NSCN-IM newspaper. .
About 70 shopkeepers have been given land by the government after they refused to go to the parking lot at Khlieh Iewduh.
Nongpoh, July 07: The Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RIF) on Saturday confirmed the full leaders of the RBYF 3 Shnong Units. since it was launched in
Shillong, Lber 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that political leaders or activists involved in trying to gather support for candidates during the elections have conducted a party to clean and find reliable sources of water from the filter.
Gifts and other gifts were also distributed so that the children can use them in their education.
Rajasthan United, led by head coach Pushpender Kundu, are currently 12th in the points table with one win, one draw and five defeats. just 4 points from nine games.
It is worth mentioning that this competition has been held since the Shad Day of the village on 19th June,
Many vehicles overturn on the roads and along the roads and many also break down in the middle of the road due to the poor condition of the road, which causes problems and dangers to drivers and passengers.
Those who arrive after 2 pm will not be accepted by the WJDSA.
Meanwhile, Minister Kharlukhi said that according to the rules of the Hima Mylliem, when the Syiem is suspended from the post of Acting Syiem, a child Syiem should be appointed. “We are deeply sorry for this urgent decision of the KHADC at this time when the Pa'iem is in the middle of the struggle. “It's a shame,” said Minister Kharlukhi.
A video from Nagaland has surprised many people and shows that a fish likes to go and make skum in the house of a person.
Shillong: U Dr. WR Kharlukhi, Member of Rajya Sabha and State President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, has tested positive for covid-1
Before he retires as Governor, he must sign and complete any of the files on his desk.
The party strongly condemns those who call the party a village troublemaker just because it has found out the truth about the implementation of the public scheme through RTI requested from the Saipung block office, said Iamon. Lapasam, President KSU Ministry Unit.
We must remember that we must suffer in our lives as believers while we are in this world because suffering is a sacrifice before God.
The price of the uniform is T.525 including the registration fee.
At that time, he said, they saw that the Governor of Assam, Shri Jairamdas Daulatram, had hoisted the Indian flag and when he saw the Governor, he used to ask his mother many questions.
He gave an example of the peace and order in the state with the visit of the President of India to the state in recent months.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : Another 165 students who are still stranded in Manipur will be brought back to the state in the next four days until the 10th of June.
In the second leg, Caroline Colony drew 1-1 with Pynthorlangteiñ.
The union also urges those who dump garbage into the rivers to use filters and not to dump into the rivers as they used to do.
Such allegations come only once every five years, during the MP, MLA and MDC elections. Therefore, I urge the voters not to believe such allegations. only during the elections,” said Bah Tynsong.
Besides, the KSU also found that the two garbage trucks of this office, have been left idle and have turned into garbage dumps which has caused a lot of pollution which can affect the health of the people.
If anyone from the Elaka wants more information I can tell you as much as I can remember.
Meghalaya's 15 players include Justin Fancon, Benedict Jones Makdoh, Da La Biang Shangpliang, Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria, Jarrett M Wanniang, Agatchu Chethia K Marak, Namewanki Pakyntein, Bishes Chettri, Mariyoo, Aristokki Ryngkha. Aashish Kumar Lohar, Rudra Singh Rathore, Angkit Tamang, Kishlay Vishlux, Trinayan DuttaStandbys: Yash Harlalka, Gaurav Narleng, Ewanmidao Pyrtuh, Darnel Bilkam Sangma, Fernando BM Sangma, Nathaniel PyngropeMeghalaya support staff ( Mustafam G Mo) assistant coach), Anderson Lyngdoh Mawphlang (physio), Skhembor Khongbtep (trainer), Rajiv Bareh (manager)Meghalaya fixtures:vs Bihar, 1 December, vs Gujarat, 6 December, vs Chhattisgarh,11 December, vs Delhi, 16 December, vs Hyderabad, 21 December.
Shillong, March 28: A school teacher named Maliram Rabha from North Garo Hills has been abducted by militants on Tuesday.
This was announced by Bah Skhemborlang Kharmawphlang, President of the Youth Union of Khasi Ri Raid Laban, Shillong.
In its order, the Supreme Court said that the implementation of the decision of the Meghalaya High Court issued on March 15, 2015 should be suspended.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that while the state has not been able to generate electricity from other natural resources, it is impossible for the state to be able to supply electricity. need for electricity for shirts.
Such a thing is almost impossible in this day and age.
Speeches were delivered by H.Nongpluh Assistant Secretary Indian Red Cross Society, West Jaintia Hills, Bah AN Sawian General Secretary Indian Red Cross Society, Meghalaya State Br Shillong and Mr. Ohiwot Laloo, Secretary Indian Red Cross Society, West Jaintia Hills. .
The policy also aims to improve and upgrade the functioning of existing electricity departments to enable them to improve their efficiency in electricity distribution, to facilitate the payment of bills, complaints and other aspects of electricity-related operations.
Another reason is that for a year now, the military office in Rhino has not allowed them to work through their land, because they say they have to get permission from the head office.
The Seng through its President, Samla Purningstar Shabong demands that the PWD department and the Government should immediately send for the construction of the dam and if it does not, it should take responsibility if there is any damage. Tragic incident such as a car accident or injury in this area.
Out of the sixty (60) seats in the State Legislative Assembly, fifty-five (55) seats have been reserved for the indigenous people.
Left Front leader Bijan Dhar said several CPIM offices have been damaged and burnt in the state, including one in Agartala, which has been damaged by supporters. Shillong: There have been 218 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today and 134 recoveries.
Regarding the murder of Bah Cherish, the Sur Bri Hynniewtrep together with the family of Bah Che, on the 25th went to Sadar police station to investigate the matter.
Shillong, June 30 : The National People's Party (NPP) has urged the United Democratic Party (UDP) to contest the Sohiong elections on the 10th of this month. not the government.
The distribution method is as follows, AAY will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have AAY Ration Card and PHH will be distributed at 5 kg per head only to those who do not have PHH Ration Card. The dealers of PMGKAY should not charge any money from the beneficiaries, and if they find such cases, they should immediately lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner (Supply). , East Jaintia Hills District to punish them according to the law laid down by the government.
The purpose here is for the public to wear masks and observe social distancing.
“He died at the age of 31, he was still alive at the age of 54,” said Bull's mother, who is now 73 years old.
Guwahati: The covid-19 virus has returned to Guwahati and many schools have been affected by the virus in the past two or three days.
In fact, the Governor of Meghalaya wanted to ask for the opinion of the people on the VAB but the government through the DCA has not done so and has only given an explanation to the Governor on the reasons. the bread.
There were also reports that some people went to the cemetery at midnight to hold prayers and various writings in some parts to protest against the religious beliefs of others.
“We are delighted to bring Renedy to our club, as he is a good player and also a coach.
Another example is the Marbaniang tribe.
Nongpoh: U Bah Kronding Nongbsap of Syllei-U-Lar Village, Ri Bhoi District, has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, after he found that the Dwarksuid Bridge on the Shillong Bye Road has been destroyed. pass in Ri Bhoi, has started to collapse due to the signs that the bridge is about to collapse and which poses a threat to the passengers passing through the bridge.
Ex.Rev K Langrin The 3rd June is Environment Sunday which the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly has decided to celebrate in all the churches in Ri Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Reign in Gen. 6:2,3.
World famous artists like Ronan Keating, Neyo, Hybrid Theory, Jonas Blue, Sanam and foreign artists like Lou Majaw, Snow White, Meba Oflilia, Wanjop Sohkhlet, Banjop and others, graced the festival. and to promote the reputation of the State in the field of music and entrepreneurship of the youth.
Guwahati, Lber 2: The swine flu which has spread in some parts of the country in recent years, has claimed more than 1,000 lives so far, with more than 1,000 people reportedly dead. die.
For the year 2022-23, he said, the Council has collected the arrear Annual Account for the years 2019-20 and 2020-21 and submitted it to the Audit General of Meghalaya, Shillong. The remaining Annual Account for the year 2021-2022, which is due to be paid by October,
When walking on a busy road or away from people, anyone can wear a mask, but if there are many people and people cannot be avoided, a mask should be worn.
Larisa Lamin has been selected first in the Top 10 of the HSSLC (Arts).
“If you elect me, the work will not end only in the MLA scheme but I will work to improve the income of the constituency by increasing employment opportunities,” said Bah Alan.
The injured were identified as Bah Nibait Sariang, Ros Shadap and Sangaid Joit.
He said that the company should not award employment on incomplete contracts as the loss is to the people.
Regarding the preparations, the SSA under the leadership of Mawphlang MLA Eugeneson Lyngdoh, General Secretary SS Rapthap, a group of The Tournament Committee and all the members of the SSA, have agreed to go ahead with the SPL. The JN Stadium Polo Cricket Ground (JN Stadium Polo) has been prepared for the viewing areas of the JN Stadium Polo. However, on the part of the SSA officials, they are thinking of the people who love and enjoy coming to watch all the tournaments that the SSA has held at this stadium.
The UDP State Youth Wing has also asked the people, “Whether these state development schemes expressed on the banners put up by the National Parties have been implemented or not? state".
Therefore, if we have this understanding that the problem we are facing is not external, but internal to man and if we had known this truth our country and nation would have been saved. from the many problems she now faces.
The length of this by-pass road is not less than 6 kilometers.
At present, he said that from step pedestrians to school children, those who go to work to those who go to the market and others who walk and stand on the streets in Shillong are facing problems due to the bad condition. palat that road.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills District should conduct a spot verification of the residents of Lum Survey.
He said the Modi government has set a target to train about 10 lakh volunteers in 350 districts most affected by natural disasters.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on Friday convened a meeting of the MDA government to discuss issues affecting the state.
On receiving the information, the police have launched an investigation into the incident and hope to track down and arrest the suspects.
Shillong, Lber 29 : Mawpun Village, Umlyngka is one of the villages in Umlyngka district which has been facing a lot of problems for more than 10 years in terms of water supply and especially in traffic due to the lack of water supply. road that road.
MPUF-EJHD together with San Shnong Circle under the leadership of President Kyrshan Blah and other leaders have distributed three tins of household items to 6 households in Ladrymbai village. The six households are poor and their houses have been covered with tarpaulins, said Kyrshan and expressed his happiness that he has had the opportunity to help such households who are in dire need of assistance.
There was a song by the IM&CO and a traditional dance by the Ri Maram Folk Academy.
He said that as the farm of Bah Sil Nonglang in Ri-bhoi area, he has not been able to harvest any more rice in 2014, but when he asked for assistance from the government, it has not responded.
“The Khar u Klieng should not come to insult the Seng Khasi, because our beliefs and dates are completely different from those of the Hindus”.
Me gan Young, who was dressed in a pink dress shaped like a fish's tail, looked so beautiful on the final day that she was immediately recognized. to win the title of Most Beautiful Girl in the World which is also the 63rd Miss Universe pageant at a resort in the Indonesian island of Bali.
The injured were identified as workers who cleaned the electricity lines in Iongnoh.
He said the government is working to change the working methods to improve the working methods especially in the PWD department in the construction of roads and bridges.
Hek announced that the Secretary Health will head the committee to investigate the shortage of medicines while the Additional Chief Secretary Y. Tsering will head the committee on the purchase of medicines.
We are included in the 6th Schedule we have the right to our land so how can this District Council which is the owner of the land not inform or consult the land owners as well as the Waheh Shnongs and Dolloi before? I will not do this work.
He said that the Executive Committee of JHADC has decided to pay the salaries of the Council employees within the month of November, after the state government has released the Council's allocation. .
This action of the police is an insult to the indigenous land owners who stand to protect the land, said the union.
On the other hand, the two Circles after visiting the river, they have expressed their concern over the pollution of this river by companies and some private individuals without thinking about the many churches who use it. This river in many ways and on the part of the two circles are afraid of these things, which affect the river that one day it will disappear or turn into just one river.
The Kopati Puja is usually held in the month of November every year after the harvest of the rice fields which have been worked for ten seasons, which the Lord has given and filled. and he hath given us good health until we have been able to gather grain for ourselves.
Two employees of the Information & Public Relations Department were shot dead by supporters of the curfew.
Furthermore, on the same day, the Seng lodged a complaint with the DC of WKHD regarding the inability of SBI to provide these ATMs. WKHD Bah T.Lyngwa on the other hand said that the DC has promised to take care of the matter.
Hap shu hun.
Also present at the welcoming ceremony were James S. Lyngdoh Working President of MPCC, all the office bearers of DCC and President of NBCC including Bah Gabriel Wahlang, Kimfa S. Marbanniang MLA/ MDCs of Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, S. Rashir President MBCC, Phamdarsis L. Nonglait President Mawthadraishan BCC and Rasor Rani President Mairang BCC. S Lyngdoh urged the party in the district to strengthen the party and to have unity within the party. I don't want to be in the party.
Chandrani Sarma of AIR Agartala, Lalfamkima of AIR Aizawl, Miss Anushma Sharma of AIR Guwahati, Hidangmayum Rahul Sharma of AIR Imphal, Toni Paleng of AIR Itanagar, Visedelhou Terhuja of AIR Kohima and U Anserson Damonlang Warlarpih of AIR Shillong.
Also present on the occasion were Victorealness Syiemlieh, INC candidate from Ranikor constituency, Joplyn S. Shylla, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Women's Congress Committee, Aldella Lyngdoh, Secretary. Pradesh Women Congress Committee, leading office bearers of Mawkyrwat Women Congress Block Committee and several women who attended the meeting.
On these areas which have been placed in the Containment Zone, the health personnel will continue to work hard to search by entering from house to house. Don't have anyone who has been infected with COVID-1
Chief Guest Samla Kynpham V Kharlyngdoh spoke on the importance and responsibility of the students when they leave home to study in this city.
In his speech, the Chief Guest urged the students to work hard, to be disciplined and not to give up so that one day they will become the best players.
It is learned that during the meeting they put forward five demands and some of them are reasonable and some of them the government has to look into according to the agreements.
A.Lyngdoh (Manager).
He said that in October 2022, the Bill was passed in the Legislative Assembly and became an Act.
Besides the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi who took part in the NCC Prime Minister Rally to deliver a speech on behalf of the people of India, others who attended included Defense Minister Rajnath Singh, NCC Director General, Lt Gen Gurbirpal Singh, Chief of Defense Staff, Anil Chauhan, Chief of Army Staff, Gen Manoj Pande, Chief of Naval Staff admiral.
“We have Mission Schools, Government Schools, Private Schools and why do we still lack in terms of education”.
Meanwhile, former KSU leader Blasding Wanniang said that instead of calling for talks on the implementation of the ILP, the government of Mukul Sangma has sent its members to the forest to join the rebel group.
From time to time we have discussed the need to reform the District Councils.
Waheh Kamai War, in his decision to preserve them, founded the Thaiwan Arts and Cultural Organization in
Shillong, Lber 31: The teachers of JACATAM have expressed their surprise at the speech of Dr RC Laloo on the Education Policy of the State.
Vallabhai Patel passed away on 15 December
“Fortunately, the residents of Ratachera have come out in the past months to demolish the illegally constructed road by the Assam people to get stones on the top of the bridge, otherwise even that stone on the top of the bridge. he's gone," said the report.
However, the mother said that he was taken to Nazareth Hospital, Shillong as it was nearby.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah Romeo Phira Rani, will contest the MDC election of 17-Malki-Laitumkhrah as an independent candidate according to the wishes of his supporters, according to reports.
He said that a new jail will be constructed at NST on an area of ​​about 25 acres and can accommodate up to 1000 persons.
Since all G20 members have established space agencies and companies, the country should focus on partnerships.
The office of the Dorbar Shnong Nartiang under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong Ma Mom Phalangki and the Secretary Bah Sati Swer together with the members of the village on 27th October, sent a letter to the Chief Executive Member. (CEM) of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat, has urged for the formation of Nartiang MDC Constituency.
Speaking to media on 17th July 2024 at Shillong Press Club, KSU Ranikor Circle President Marconi Thongni said that although the KSU does not want to oppose any festival. The Kynshi River has become one of the most polluted rivers in the country. Not even the dohum can live in it.
There is a strong confidence among the people of Sohiong that they want to be with the party that leads the government, so that the Sohiong constituency can receive development projects”.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has personally left for Delhi to meet Home Minister Amit Shah and convey to him his desire to send a CBI inquiry into the incident.
“This is the first time we have hosted the National Boxing Tournament.
However, in the evening, the BJP announced that the post of Minister of State for Bah Hek will be handed over to Bah Sanbor Shullai after the end of two and a half years.
He said that he himself has seen that all the shares given to the Ministers have been distributed without any discrimination.
New Delhi: The Government of India has banned cigarettes from today; Nirmala Sitharaman, Finance Minister, said that the cigarettes banned by the government are e-cigarettes, which have destroyed the lives of young people.
They should not interfere with their duty at school or do politics at school.
Nongpoh, Nailur 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKPP) has sent a clear statement to the government not to destroy the railway line while the ILP has not been implemented in the state. of FKJGP Nongpoh Circle on Saturday at the Dorbar Hall in Nongpoh.
The evidence is that there has never been any discussion on this in the Assembly.
Shillong: The Union of Village Authorities (UVHA) has rejected the names in the newspapers calling the Metor Area Harijan Colony or Punjabi Lane.
Regarding the allegation that Umphiang Diesel and Mobil have been installed in Surom, Bah Bhastar Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Quinine, said that the allegation is baseless and you don't smoke.
He encouraged them to take part in such games.
Shillong, Jymmang 03 : U Bah Marshal Marweiñ, a man who used to sleep in Marten, on Saturday, was hit by a snowstorm while he was on his way to sleep. there marge.
The State Government has also decided to impose a curfew in Shillong from 8 pm to 5 pm from tomorrow, 4th June
He said that if there are really those people who pour diesel on the roads, not only the vehicles from Assam will turn, but also the vehicles from Meghalaya will be the same. The vehicles that overturn are private vehicles from Assam and overturn during the rainy season.
On the other hand, the Minister said that it is a sad thing and although the state government has taken the best measures for the welfare of the community, but they are still Some of the people who oppose these good measures of the government – ​​to eradicate drugs from the state.
And the two young men sat there, and Abraham and Isaac went up into the mountain by themselves.
“The Indian National Congress has failed to take its place as the opposition in the country,” he said.
When asked about the issues that the ARPA will bring to the dorbar, Bah Lyngdoh said they have not yet discussed and if necessary the Village Administration Bill is one.
Nagaland, who won the toss, failed to tied first but Aryan (3/53), Abhishek (3/54), Sudhir Sahani (2/23) and Bipin (1/35) scored. Meghalaya beat Nagaland by 188 runs.
“As I have explained earlier, I will explain once again and if you (HNLC) are afraid, that is by saying that the top leaders including the Chairman or Commander in Chief can If you want to talk to a place outside Meghalaya, we have already assured you that we have opened a free route for you. we are quick, and we can offer you a place.
These lines of priests have decided that the old man has died, the relatives as people who hold the knia ka khriam as sacred, complete the rituals, the funeral feast and so on. but the surprising thing is that the explanation of the priests is that their son is still alive.
This office has been in charge of construction works for 12 years.
These people were from Mynsoo and Kyndongtuber who came from Semasi area.
The meeting was conducted by the MLA of Jirang and was attended by party leaders and workers from all over Ri-Bhoi.
Lapang made this request to the CEM and his supporters who have been staging a hunger strike for more than a month at the statue of Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital.
Paul Lyngdoh has been appointed to the Ministry of Social Welfare, Tourism, Arts and Culture and Textiles.
When asked how they did after not receiving the money promised by the company, the children said that they went to ask for their rights. They said that as promised, the management of the company has told them to pay the staipen according to their ability to sell the books. staipen according to their ability to sell books have not received any explanation since they started joining the company.
The HITO Sengkmie led by its President, Bah Donbok Dkhar, on Tuesday, 9th June 2024, met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, U.K. Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem and to submit to him a petition on the presence of foreigners who do not seek information on Trading License residing in Ri Khasi.
At this programme, the Hima Nongkhlaw also presented a Memorandum to the Chief Guest requesting for the erection of a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Nongkhlaw. and to build a Children's Park as part of the memory of this hero of the state.
“We are investigating whether it is true that he is involved, or whether others have misused his name to distribute this demand letter,” said Marak.
The Seng Khasi College, in the midst of its Golden Jubilee celebration, has been able to hold another Inter School Invitational Futsal Competition for boys.
Therefore, the new government, whether from any party, should take responsibility to look after the future of the youth by opening up opportunities for the youth whether in the political sector or in other fields. other parties as leaders have already thought or decided to do.
Since then, nothing has changed.
These groups have fought for the welfare of society, the country/nation and have produced great thinkers, writers and intelligent leaders.
The SP (City) said that with the assistance of members of the MTFVGA and the KJGVSA, the Special Cell of the Police of East Khasi Hills has conducted a search operation. Three persons were arrested from Mawlai By-Pass Road after they took a truck driver from Lad Smit and forced him to inform the owner through you can telephone to pay for the money.
Although Conrad said that the police can check and ensure that the state residents do not enter these places, the Seng would like to express that perhaps this will be an opportunity for those police who It is not necessary to earn money from such places.
On the same day, a friendly match was played between Hingaria SC and Youngstar SC.
“As the Association, we have no reason to oppose the Public Hearing of Star Cement to be held on 30.01.2020 because our desire to build reservoirs dam, STP, ETP to protect the Lukha River has gone ahead. “The Secretary of the Association also congratulated all the residents of the area and neighbors as well as those Sengbhalang who came to help us in the protest against the Public Hearing which was scheduled to be held in March 22, 2019.
The number of cases of corona virus in the country has risen sharply in the past 24 hours, with 261,5
The new Waheh Shnong is former Narpuh MDC Ma Desous Pohshna.
The films selected for the Indian Panorama, with the aim of promoting filmmaking, will be screened free of charge at international film festivals in India and abroad, during the Indian Film Week. under Bilateral Cultural Exchange Programs and Specialized Indian Film Festivals and Indian Panorama festivals specific to India.
The HYC will work closely with the CoMSO to ensure that the state gets the ILP and the MRSSA Amendment Bill 2020 and also to oppose the CAA. The government authorities should resolve the border issue of Meghalaya this year, then complete the expulsion of the foreigners from the metor area and also the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth schedule. of the constitution.
Nongstoin, November 4: The Hynniewtrep People's Social Organization (HPSO) WKH on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Information Commissioner's Office against the Forest Department of Nongstoin. to provide information on the Public Information Act, which was requested by the Seng on 22nd March 2014 regarding various timber factories within the Nongstoin Industrial Area (Mawiaw ban).
It was understood during the discussion that the BJP in the last elections, expected Jaintia to be its biggest stronghold.
At the time of writing, the Ministers, MAL, Shitlang Pale and other government officials including Deputy Commissioner Abhilash Banarwal, IAS and Superintendent of Police East Jaintia Hills District have been present. , Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS, are in the midst of discussions on how to solve the problem of the people who are facing traffic problems on the National Highway-6 in East Jaintia Hills District.
In her ignorance, she too wanted to sit there and gave a gift to the Rangbah Shnong.
The President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, has been immediately accused by the party members that he is the one who has brought about this confusion. can bring about a two-way split in these two camps.
With a 1-0 lead, it was a usual game for Manika Batra in the second half.
Therefore, the PIL has been dismissed but if anyone wants to appeal later, they can do so if the relevant government authorities cannot do what is necessary.
This snap of Don Bosco will be displayed here in Shillong for 10 months to allow the faithful to come and pray.
Churchill Brothers are in 11th position, winning only four, drawing five and losing seven out of their last 15 games, with 17 points.
Garbage or synrum that has been left in one place for a long time can spread germs that can cause health problems.
“I will try to introduce rules to prevent MDCs from misusing the House,” he said.
She said that she is confident that his leadership will bring about equal cooperation for these two departments so that it will also be a blessing and benefit to the poor and needy.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The Government of Meghalaya has declared 13th November 2016 as a public holiday on the occasion of Id-Ul-Zuha instead of 12th November
Wailadmiki Shylla, MLA Jowai was the chief guest along with Octomewot Lamin, nominated MDC-JHADC. .
They shouldn't be afraid, but they should be afraid, because they are stupid without thinking.
There is nothing more glorious than this.
Ekrami Creations Films and Marks HD Entertainment have released two Pnar films, one 'Da Rai' and the other 'Skap' on 30th November at Orchid Inn Mukhla, West. Jaintia Hills District.
In this way, there are words that cannot be cleansed and confused, but should be careful.
In October 2020 alone, the Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Harsh Vardhan, confirmed the provision of about 300 ventilators. You are from the state of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : After six days of searching for talented athletes in four districts of Garo Hills, the State Olympic Association (MSOA) has launched a state talent identification testing program with the support of the Garo Hills District. The Edge10 Group under the leadership of Ian Campbell, a triple jumper at the 1980 Moscow Olympics, has been able to showcase its skills and abilities. special events of some of the best players of the state.
“In relation to this legal notice, we have to follow the rules of law especially those related to human rights because in a democratic country, we should not criticize anyone whether they are government employees, drivers, “I don't know what to do,” said the statement from the supporters of the MLA of Nongstoiñ.
Members of the Dorbar Shnong urged the students to take action in their schools as an example to maintain cleanliness in their schools and around the schools in the state.
Earlier, at a public meeting on the 5th of July at Iewrynghep Square, they decided to suspend schooling from the 22nd of July to the 4th of July for two months.
She said that she cannot say anything on this, but she will see whether there is such a thing after receiving the report.
Accept that there are differences: In a friendly meeting you cannot avoid differences of opinion between those who talk about many issues whether it is political or other issues if you experience such you need to express what you feel and have, and forget what happened.
“We don't know whether the people living in Themiew Mawlong will be able to leave or not, but the government has informed them that we have chosen this place at Bishop Cotton Road to build the house. I am confident that they will accept, because at the last meeting they demanded to be given a place in the European Ward”.
He served as an I.A.S.Officer in the West Bengal Cadre.
Meghalaya's Ganga Muchahary, Lasusaitre Suchiang, Anjana Kumari, Claudia Ryntathiang, Aruey Momin, Jayshree Singh, Julitha Sangma, Jecykha M Marak, Dawanshisha Warlarpih, Monica Singh, Yoolang Suting, Adelakmen Lawai, Shreya Issamanbha Nongsiej, and Chigesa Marak including standbys Lapynsuk Mary Lyndem, Bestpina Marak and Liansha A Marak.
The price of diesel also rose by T.0.32 per litre in Mumbai to T.79.72 per litre.
Dr WR Kharlukhi said that it is only this government which has done the work to bring lasting peace unlike other governments which remain in the status quo while the state is losing its land. You are in the state of Assam.
The State Government has decided to hold another meeting with the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on July 7 to take a final decision on the relocation of the 342 posts. the households of the Metor Area, the Mawlong Market Area.
After the election of several elders to lead the EC, Bah Byllyenhenry Syiemiong urged them to participate in the EC if they want the work to go smoothly. One issue is that they should have cooperation, understanding in all areas so that the work within the kingdom can go smoothly.
They allow and support the people of Delhi to rule our country as they please.
The order comes after the Ministry of Education has directed the UGC to issue an order to stop the sale of these food items in school grounds.
“We have urged the Governor to direct the State Government to implement the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for agricultural and forest products to provide financial assistance to the farmers. who have been affected by the natural disasters,” said Bah Synrem.
When we look at the rural areas, we find that the pollution in the villages is less than the pollution in the urban areas, this is due to the low population in the rural areas.
The second part of the EPP was a physical training session at the SAI Center NEHU where the selected players received training under the leadership of Ian Campbell and the team.
In India as a whole, it is only in Meghalaya that the Syiems, Doloi and Sirdars still have the name and power because of the seventh article of the Constitution of the country but they fall under the jurisdiction of the Syiems, Doloi and Sirdars. ADC. The Syiems of Doiloi, Hima, Raid and Elaka shall fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council and shall administer and administer the Khadar administration, collect revenue with the approval of the District Council.
Paulenon Sohkhlet scored 16 runs, Hamebandap War 14 (34) and Merapbor Dohling 2/16 in four overs.
“Today we have received proposals from the Circle District Election Committees for five candidates including HDR Lyngdoh from Sohiong, Mitchel Wankhar from Mylliem and Balajied from Shella. Olan Suin from Mawsynram and Anthony Kongwang from Pynursla.
The names of Baba, Kekriwal and MP Ajay Maken were also on the plaque.
Jesus saw that he needed something, from which he could not escape to become a full human being.
The body of this youth was found from a place higher than the place where the body of Phibankyntiew Sun was found.
As you can see, Niaw Wasa is a group from this area.
However, if you look at the conflict between the two communities between the Meitei and Kuki, why will it lead to the destruction of churches, why will it lead to the destruction of houses,” he said.
“If we get 271 votes, we will be very happy,” said Madhav.
Then you will go straight to the GS Road and go to Mahari.
He said that these foreigners are only residents and cannot become owners.
According to the source, the shooting took place at Padgampora village in Awantipora area of ​​Pulwama district of Jammu & Kashmir.
Please correct your mistake in reporting that because of his kindness we will support Bah Gigur Myrthong.
Chaphrang United against Golden Rise.
Do you want to ask me a question?
Shillong: The NPP's resignation from the post of Congress MLA Martin M Danggo has prompted the UDP and HSPDP in the government to look into the path of the party. This is the party that leads the government in the state.
The party comes later, the issues come first," he said.
When Hindi is selected as the Mother Tongue, Khasi can no longer be read as the MIL Paper.
Matthew 24:8-9 / Daniel 9:27.
In South West Khasi Hills District, 6 cases are High Risk Contacts and one case is High Risk Contact.
At the same time, the Rangbah Shnong said that through this punishment, it will be a warning that such incidents should not happen again in the village. for it affects good and peace.
About two-thirds of the men and about 40% of the women who get the disease are among those who eat and drink tobacco, and the most common case is in Tangnguid.
UDP President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 3rd June said that the condolences will benefit the party and expressed his confidence to win the Sohiong seat.
Assam Police rushed to the scene to stop the smuggling of these vehicles.
She said the National Domestic Workers Movement has demanded from the central government to implement it and also demanded from the Prime Minister to implement it.
However, the increase in the use of plastic has affected the environment in which we live.
They include two from abroad, four from ILI, five from Laitumkhrah, 10 from Nongkseh, two from Umpling and one from Happy Valley.
“To lead a clean government is not a problem because it is the custom.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Amberlight Masharing, Chief Adviser of Kyrdem Sports and Cultural Club.
On this occasion, the MLA Jirang, congratulated the health workers and also the village leaders, who took the initiative to explain to the people, on the need for Tika. do not accept the COVID-19 vaccine.
After the launch programme, a tree planting ceremony was held at the village.
The rally was organized by the Riangpoit Dorbar Shnong, the New Riangpoit Unit and the FKJGP Riangpoit Unit.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The BSF Meghalaya on Thursday rescued 96 cows from the border of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
After the confirmation of the new office bearers of the two offices, Bah Pius Marweiñ also handed over a donation to the UDP Women's Wing Mawmerang Primary Unit for the purchase of necessary equipment. to accomplish the work.
Speaking at the briefing, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang said, “For many years, Kong Silbi has attracted the attention of the people with her traditional songs.
The reporter inquired about the political situation in these constituencies and learned that in all the constituencies the contest will be very fierce.
However, at the same time, he said the UDP as the biggest partner in the government, has put forward a proposal to other partners to think together.
In another incident, police on Tuesday said that a resident of Shillong complained that on October 27, 2024 at about 4:30 pm, he found that his money was stolen. T.99,999 has been seized without your knowledge.
Rev.KJitem, Rev.BS Syiemlieh, Rev.K.Nongkynrih and others were also present on the occasion.
The Doctor said, “Oh, Doctor, I don't know what this child is lying about.
At the same time, he expressed his regret that he could not buy more sohmrit because some of the farmers had already sold it to other people from other states at a lower price.
If the Jews can build a temple, it will become a fourth temple. This is not the command of God but of Satan Lucifer. If the Jews can build a fourth temple, then they will begin to suffer. of those 7 years that Daniel said- “The last day” Daniel 9:2
“All participating villages should provide hand sanitizer and only those who have received permission from the Seinraij can enter the places of worship,” said Seinraij Tuber President Harvis Phawa.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : Azriel FC beat Rebel SC 2-0 in the final of the 1st Seven Aside Knock Out Football Tournament organized by United Comrades SC at the United Comrades SC Stadium. Shillong Polytechnic, Mawlai on Saturday, 10th November,
This Corona virus or Covid 19 which has caused problems in all aspects, now I want to bring some problems related to education in the midst of this Covid
Anthony Lamare, Asst.General Secretary of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, said that the FKJGP Mawhati Circle cannot listen when these drivers, who are also fellow citizens, have come to the FKJGP Mawhati Circle to complain about the extortion of money. The Police Station is located at the Police Outpost.
It is the time of the call for 'Viksit Bharat', the victory of India, it is the time of overcoming suffering and walking on the 'Chandrapath' of victory.
However, behind all this, it is the money that speaks to the parties as well as to the candidate.
Therefore, these living things also have the natural right to own and grow on this earth for a long time, just as we human beings have the right to be the masters of the earth. there it is.
Eastern West Khasi Hills District was declared as the 12th District of Meghalaya by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other dignitaries. The meeting was held at Madan Tiehpdang, Pyndengumiong, Mairang on the 10th of November last year.
If you find me on the second day, we'll go like that in the evening when I finish class..." Riia said. "Can you take it home or not...?" Bahnah asked again, “It's too late, Bahnah, but I'm sorry for you to come with me because you don't have time to leave...” Riia said, “Yes, let me ask you to understand. already so.
Meanwhile, the match on Tuesday (4.10.2023) will be between Moosyiem Shangpung and Nangbah Iawmusiang at 2 pm.
However, the court stated that it may look into the matter later.
According to reports ahead of the G7 or Group of Seven summit in Japan on Tuesday, the United States has introduced new rules to impose sanctions. Russia and Russian officials on Russia's endless invasion of Ukraine to date.
The HYC has urged the land owners and village headmen not to rush into this matter but to think carefully until strong protection laws are passed.
“According to the agreement with the DC's office, these contractors cannot cut down trees and it is also prohibited to build any building without the permission of the DC. I don't know if I've received the letter from the DC.
“So after we have gathered everyone, we will think again how to proceed,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Will Sohshang said, “Alcoholic beverages including alcohol also cause serious evils in our society.
The exact reasons for the cancellation are not known as it was recently decided that Shillong and Assam will host the Durand Cup this year.
You have written a true report and I hope the government employees in charge of the PWD department will do their best to come forward and tell the truth because this has put many people in danger. where the street.
“In my opinion, the DC's order is wrong.
This was witnessed on the 8th of November while the HNYF leaders from West Khasi Hills, Mawshynrut and Sengkmie were planning to hold a meeting with the residents of the area. Langpih inside the office of the Syiem of Nongmynsaw Hima at Langpih Market, but suddenly the members of the Raid Mynsaw came to stop the meeting of the HNYF by admitting that the Raid Mynsaw is not working. They did not receive any information about the planned meeting.
On the other hand, Bah Nongpluh said that the only thing that is very sad is that this Act does not say anything against those who harass or torture officers.
On 7th March, 2015, the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, approved the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, .
After half an hour, Saiden scored the third goal through Barikor Kurbah in the 30th minute and three minutes later Imaïa Shylla scored the seventh goal.
The CAG Report is the report of the Comptroller and Auditor General of India on the accounts of various government departments in the state.
It is only after the District Council has been established that the jait ka khong will be given to the mother and not to the father.
However, while those who enter to visit the sanctuary leave not with a happy spirit but with a heavy heart, especially when they hear with their own ears and see with their own eyes from These beloved children are the children whom they have raised and educated who have brought them there because they are too busy to pursue the wealth of the world and don't have time to look after them.
If the committee finds that the officers are involved in illegal activities, they will be prosecuted for violating the law as this amount of money is a huge loss to the state.
The union also demanded that the work should be completed as soon as possible, otherwise the union will take the necessary action if it is found that the work is not adequate.
The Secretary, Executive Committee, JHADC, Kong R Phawa has announced that the Waheh Shnongs whose term of office has expired, can serve as Waheh Shnongs until June. .
As a country, we must strive to be the best and the leaders in all fields related to the development of the people.
The second phase of the exhibition will continue from 5th to 14th October, 2021, and will feature four artists from Manipur, Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura and Sikkim.
“I will continue to be the Leader of the CLP Congress in the Legislative Assembly and I will continue to be the Working President of the Congress Party. I am the candidate for the 16th East Shillong Constituency from the Congress Party.
Mang Hai Ryum Secondary School beat Police Public Secondary School 2-0
Under Mawthadraishan Block, there are more than 100 villages and it is one of the backward blocks in many aspects.
This training is known as “Scientific Management of Fall Armyworm in Maize Production”.
The General Secretary of Loomiongkjam Village, Heihadong Challam, congratulated all the youth and women's organizations for their cooperation with the government during this lockdown.
Those groups working for environmental restoration don’t have a crore to give to the citizens but they are giving a promising future to the environment and those living in it, such as economic development the improvement of the river water supply and the planting of trees that cover the hills.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: After 12 years of demand and two years of its appointment, the Khasi Jaintia Development Council (KJDC) will come into operation.
“I'll talk to you tomorrow,” said Men Kmie.
Your language should not be spelled Khasi.
“It is on this basis that many people have come to accept the fact that Bah Adelbert has not received any money.
Besides, the police and magistrates are also very vigilant to avoid any tragic incident,” said Bah Batlang.
Regarding the state government's intention to work with the companies to revive the dewbilat factory, Bah Sanlang said that the workers accept this, but the government should He said that the wish of the employees of MCCL will be that the factory should start operating, so that they will not lose their livelihood.
They will beautify the villages and also help promote tourism and the welfare of the villagers.
If the Sengbhalang of our youth had consulted the elders before they decided to do anything, they might have gone the same way. It cannot be said that our Khasi are the Khasi of our fellow Khasi.
Two Congress leaders who met with Sonia Gandhi are MPCC President Dr. DD Lapang and East Khasi Hills President Prestone Tynsong. AICC President Sonia Gandhi has expressed her dissatisfaction with the leadership of the present state government under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister.
During the programme, mementos and cash prizes were distributed to 20 honored students, who have passed well this year
Shillong: U Minister of State for Agriculture today launched a book on Ngap farming in Meghalaya at the Apiculture-2 meeting.
“In the past 10 years, when electricity was supplied from Byndihati Substation, the supply of electricity was adequate and there was no interruption as in the past 10 years since the supply of electricity from Khlieh-shnong Sub-station. “We want the electricity supply to be restored from Byndihati,” he said.
He said that a meeting with the various groups will soon be held in the New Year.
Recalling the words of former Chief Minister (L) BB Lyngdoh, Bah Lanong said, “People who live in business should not be encouraged to enter the political arena. Let them focus on improving the income of the state and help them so that the state can become rich.
Shillong, July 14 : U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the Farmer's Market at Jengjal, about 36 km from Tura.
The civil sub division in Patharkhmah should not end in one day, it should not end in one day, it should not end in one day, in the laying of the foundation stone and it should not be just a trick to win the election. The election is approaching, but it should be a full civil sub division for the benefit and service of the people of the area as a whole.
Elkin Rynniaw, President of the MLAVI, said that the members of the MLAVI have decided to delete the name of MLAVI and replace it with the name of MLAVI. by the National Inclusive Society.
On the other hand, Mr. Wailadmiki Shylla in his speech congratulated all the athletes who have worked hard to bring the name and glory of West Jaintia Hills District as a whole. it doesn’t play especially well in the coming years.
The outcome document of the G20 Energy Transitions Ministers' meeting in Goa said “it is necessary to provide safe, stable and sustainable transportation of these vital resources”.
The ideology of this party is also based on Hindutva.
The school, which was built in 1972 and has been in operation for 48 years, has not yet received any assistance from the government. Regarding the improvement of the school, which is also one of the educational institutions for the children in the area.
Nativity Higher Secondary School won the title of Best Teams for Girls and Maharam Government Higher Secondary School came second. Nativity Higher Secondary School and Jakrem Presbyterian Higher Secondary School came second and Nativity won the title of the 9th Chief Minister's District Level Inter-School Athletics Meet Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat where she won 19 gold, 16 silver and 12 bronze medals.
In the past few days, the High Court has said that it would be better to hand over the case to the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) for investigation.
Pyndap Pyrtuh scored the goals for Da-i-hi Mynsngad in the 32nd minute and Heltwiss Pyrtuh in the 37th minute.
The State Government has decided to set up a Climate Museum-cum-Centre in Upper Shillong.
On the 9th of this month, the leaders of FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit were confirmed and the department has increased the number of youth who have joined FKJGP. New office bearers of Nartiang Area Unit:
He also stressed on the importance of cleanliness and said that cleanliness is the duty of every citizen and we should keep our own surroundings clean.
"The greatest suffering we know is from the Word of God.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Meghalaya Development Authority (MUDA) has implemented a law passed since 2005 to ensure that houses built should be safe from natural disasters.
Therefore, this traditional Khasi way of thinking is still relevant today, and women do not need to demand the right to shout shla in the streets or on the streets because it is already in the custom of sharing according to intelligence and not according to women. longwoman.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, has promised the Minister of Japanese Government to take action to ensure that Japanese will be one of the languages, which will have a special department to teach Japanese. The North Eastern Hills University Students Union (NEHUSU) today expressed its gratitude to the SMR for taking the initiative to introduce the Japanese language. at this university.
“However, there is another problem to hold 'One Country, One Election', because if you look at it as it is now, according to the Constitution of our country, we cannot hold this because while we have “The Prime Minister or the Prime Minister has the power to dissolve the Legislative Assembly before the end of its term, which means we cannot hold a single election,” he said. .
In March Past, the Mawkyrwat Presbytery Secondary School, Mawkyrwat Women's Association (JKMPSSM) won the prize followed by the Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. Nonglang Secondary School (NSS) came second and Nonglang Secondary School (NSS) came third.
The child was taken by plane to a nearby hospital and doctors at the hospital said that he had nine bone fractures. The body of the child, along with blood pressure and other injuries due to the fall in the incident.
For the sake of safety, the department has also directed the farmers to separate those sick animals from the healthy animals.
JOWAI: Despite the CAG's statement that the appointment of Chairman and Vice Chairman of JHADC MDCs in various committees of the council has been a waste of council funds in the years 2005-06 and 2007-08 according to the CAG. The new EC of the NPP and UDP led by Thombor Shiwat CEM JHADC has appointed 12 MDCs as Chairman and Vice Chairman and Honorary Forest Advisors.
[end].
Shillong, July 4: The Union of Meghalaya Teachers (SSA) to monitor the delay in release of salaries and arrears of 12481 Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) teachers teaching at Lower Primary and Upper Primary levels in the state. The MSSASA Sengkmie on the 2nd of this month visited Ambrose Ch.
Shillong: Amidst rumors that some Congress MLAs will leave the party, Congress Leader Charles Pyngrope on Tuesday said that all the Congress MLAs will remain steadfast until the end of the party. The term of office is until 2023 and there will be no changes.
The source said that the Prime Minister is scheduled to visit the National Park in Assam on the 9th of October.
Speaking to reporters, the Vice President of the KJBWA, Bah Generous Warlarpih, said that the cow farmers in the state are very worried if the BJP comes to power in Assam. Because it cannot completely ban the smuggling of cattle into the state.
At the same time, the CM said that he has summoned the Chief Secretary and the Director General of Police (DGP) to a meeting and directed them to monitor the situation in Shillong and other cities. pat that bag.
He said that the Jaintia Body Building & Fitness Association (JBB&FA) has been running for three years now, although there are many challenges to be faced because the association does not seek any fund from the JBB&FA. individuals and others.
Shillong, March 09 : The Meghalaya U-17 football team led by St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School beat Nagaland on penalties in the Subroto Cup.
Shillong, July 10: Ambrose Pala, Inspector, Mines Royalty, Umkiang Check Post (EJH) has lodged a complaint with the police that in October, 2016, three persons identified as Marshall Biam, Ency Shadap and Julius Nongtdu were arrested. , they went to the tax collection gate and demanded T.30,000 tyngka and threatened to lodge a complaint if they are not paid the money. to T.30,000 tyngka and once again in the month of July, he said that these people had demanded more money from him and they had threatened him as well.
Dozens of villages have been affected by the floods, including Phulbari, Rajabala, Singimari, Paham, Bhaitbari and Hallidayganj. For many days, the rise of the Brahmaputra and Jinjiram Rivers has been increasingly threatening these villages.
The Minister also praised the initiatives of the state government to take forward the initiatives of the Social Justice and Empowerment Department of the Union Government for the benefit of the people with disabilities in the state.
With this victory, Laban won a cash prize of T.50,000 and a trophy while Nongrim Hills won T.25,000 and a trophy.
The escaped prisoners are residents of Morena, Bhind and Sheopur districts, the police chief said.
After Sushant Singh Rajput, another actor has committed suicide by hanging himself.
Referring to the implementation of the Ekalavya Model Residential Schools (EMRS) funded by the Tribal Affairs Department, Tudu said that there are those who have started work but the work has not been completed and there are those who have called for tender. too.
Oral cancer is also called mouth cancer.
The water after- water may be about four or five feet deep.
“To build fly overs around the country to reduce traffic jam, thousands of crores are needed and the Meghalaya BJP needs to advise the central government on these requirements.
All the students and participants were encouraged to take responsibility to beautify the environment by taking care of forests and water sources.
The tournament is an Olympic qualifier in many sports such as wrestling and shooting.
Nongrim Hills took the lead by three goals in the first half and Nickelson Bina scored the third goal in the 18th minute. Mawthoh in the 30th minute and Jeffry Surong in the 33rd minute.
“We have registered cases against all those arrested and the investigation is ongoing.
Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngiang said that his resignation from the HSPDP party has no reason but because he sees that most of the state in Meghalaya is a clean government and it is having difficulty in bringing about jobs. increase.
It is learned that the Governor has asked and sought clarification on the provisions of the VAB in many ways.
(2) Adequate water supply.
However, many of them including the relatives did not believe this especially because 10 days before his death, Bah Marbaniang had seized 32 illegal coal trucks which violated the National Law. Green Court.
On the other hand, they expressed their gratitude to the BSF troops, and on the other hand, the residents also expressed their appreciation for other good deeds done by the BSF. Shillong, Lber 19: Heimonmi Pala, Site In-charge, Dhar Construction Company, has sent a complaint that on the 6th of this month at about 9 pm, he found Unidentified robbers have stolen crash barriers constructed in Nongkya, Khlieh Umrong and Tdoh Umsiang (RB) villages.
Thus this question of Lydia changed the mind of Hep how to answer.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh Secretary JCCRP said that a Core Committee will be set up to elect various members especially the elders of the JCCRP. The Jaintia Hills.
Soon, the relevant department will complete all the requirements so that the payment of salaries of SSA teachers from the accounts of the District Mission Coordinators will reach the accounts of the teachers,” he said. state.
Then the mother began to question her son and Rida was very angry with Panah.
He requested the state government to direct the contractor to construct this road so that it will be strong.
In the Jaintia Hills, the fee will be up to 300 tyngka each for these cows.
After the match, Bah Ardent lowered the flag as a sign of the closing ceremony of the 2023 tournament.
He said that this gym is not known for its mohkhiew and lyngka but only for its tdong ryntih and this shows how many followers and supporters of Sajar Nangli.
The General Secretary said that the party does not accept to suspend or transfer those involved.
The suspect was smuggled from Shillong to Jamador village in South West Khasi Hills for smuggling to Bangladesh.
Genevieve Khongji, Finance Secretary Jropsing Nongkhlaw, Social Secretary Phyllis Rani, Organizing Secretary George Arthur Warjri, one coordinator and 12 executive members were elected. apart'.
