Archery, Athletic, Boxing will be held on the 14th and 15th of this month. u moon from 8 o'clock in the morning.
“Don't try to mislead the committee appointed by the government, it is for the Roster System and not for the Reservation Policy and we don't need to be taught what the Roster is,” he said. .
Speaking to reporters, the President of the Nongshong Iew Association, Bah Korbar Nonglait, said that the Minister's statement is a mistake of the Hima, but in fact the Hima Mylliem collects market fees. Once a month, the price starts from T.20 tyngka and the shops that are more dirty like basa syiar reach T.100 tyngka and some of them charge more than that price.
This is the only thing that will bring peace to the whole world.
Danish Manchester United star Christian Eriksen has been awarded the Comeback Award for his return to the top flight. He did not play as a European citizen after his sudden collapse on the pitch due to illness at the European Championships two years ago.
In 2021-22 it will be
“We have only 10 semesters to complete our studies and the uniforms cost more than T.50
Replying to the allegation that Modi's visit to Shillong has not benefited the BJP, Kharkrang said, “The visit of the Prime Minister has strengthened the BJP in North Shillong because everyone is talking about development.
She said that as a Longkmie and as a group, she is deeply saddened by the fact that the casino is another vacancy among other vacancies that already exist in the state.
It is learned that at 8:30 pm, when they reached a place where the vehicle was passing through the forest road, it overturned and almost all the occupants of the vehicle were injured. and 3 others died hashen.
Brightstarwell Marbaniang, MLA Mawlai, said that Mawthadraishan has been accused of being a stupid constituency in the election of leaders and stupid money. join the VPP to become leaders who can provide adequate services to the people.
It is here that the ancient legend says that the Khasi threw away the book when the floods came and the rivers flooded.
“I would like to thank the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma and the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri for the allocation of funds for the construction of an artificial turf at Umbuda. Nongpoh,” said Bah Mayralborn recently in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the Seng feels that it is not suitable for both Meghalaya and Assam and that Meghalaya should withdraw its own police patrols from the border areas.
He said the price of the smallest pair of cows starts from T.40,000 but depends on their size and the largest cows reach T.90,0
The above article has been translated into Khasi from the following article in English.
I wish they would struggle to learn the more precious things, just as they struggle to learn about the fishing business.
p.
Now he said he has received an offer to work abroad.
Shillong, July 18: U MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw on Saturday inaugurated the Indoor Sports-cum-Community Hall of Mawlai Phudmuri Village. On the same day, the MDC also handed over a Work Order worth T.2 lakh for the construction of a toilet in the area. through the Goods and Services Tax (GST) scheme.
He urged the CE that once the pipeline has been laid underground, it should be improved immediately whether it is by the PWD or PHE. It has been two years, but no water has come out to this day.
They must pass Class XII with 45% marks (ST/SC) and 50% (General).
On the part of the farmers, they expressed their desire to cultivate this plant, as it is a plant that can produce oil and is easy to cultivate.
Let us remember that it is the work of the common good.
Conrad said that during the election campaigns for the NPP candidates, Conrad K Sangma has asked the people whether they want to sit in a bus that he does not know, who is the driver, or who is the driver. the boss doesn’t have a driver; He said that before they get on the bus, they should know who is the driver and who is the driver. also will not leave them, but will be right inside the bus.
Shillong, Lber 11: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Front (HNLC) on Tuesday denied that Bah Tarson Lymba is a member of the HNYF, but said that he was involved in the peace talks between the HNYF and the government authorities. Bah Sadon Blah, who is the Ksiang of the National League for Democracy (HNLC) in the peace talks with the government authorities.
Nongstoin, 30 Nailur: “Although the State Government has not been able to do anything for the 26th November which is the anniversary of the death of the great leader of the country and the nation, the Hima Raidmynsaw Hima has decided to declare this day as a holiday within the Hima,” said Bah H.Samakha Sordar of Raidmynsaw Hima at the opening ceremony of the memorial to Maieid Hoping at Langpih. .
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong, the second Chief Minister of the state, said that the introduction of the bill in the Lok Sabha is a violation of the democracy of India.
Damepaia Shylla scored two goals in the 24th and 56th minutes, while Luti Tuber Ïalong turned the tide through Leader Mulieh (42).
Out of the 43 participants in the Khelo India Youth Games held in Bhopal, Meghalaya has won only one medal through Pynshngain Kurbah who won the silver medal in the king canoe event. in the canoe slalom at the Khelo India Youth Games held in Madhya Pradesh.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, “If the UDP wins from Sohiong Constituency, I don't think there will be any change in the government.” from Sohiong Constituency and if we win, the number of UDP MLAs will be 12, which shows that we can double what we got in
The BJP has earned a good income from corporate donations since 2013-14 and 2016-17, according to the Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR).
“The victory over Mizoram is precious in the history of cricket in the state, where for the first time, we will be able to play in the final from the plate group, and also to qualify for the Elite group of “It's a good idea to win the Ranji Trophy next season,” said MCA Honorary Secretary Gideon Kharkongor.
The brothers and sisters in this church group and the residents of neighboring villages also came to the daily treatment without waiting to receive medicines.
The Chief Executive Members who attended the meeting were Hamprey L Ryntathiang, Lyngiong Hima, Alexius Kurbah, Marbisu Hima, W Syiem, Nongpoh Hima, Morgan Lyngdoh and Raid Mushai. , Mr. L Basaiawmoit, Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Mr. D Khongjoh, Secretary, Mr. Ro Mawiong, Secretary, Mr. Ro Mawiong, Secretary, Mr. Ro Mawiong, Secretary, Mr. L Basaiawmoit, Minister of Hima Khyrim. F Kharshiing, Chairman, Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States.
This means that the Gentiles from the countries of the world can no longer own or challenge the land of Israel because God Himself has destroyed it from the Gentiles, and Israel has now become a super power in the world. earth.
The main objective of Khadi Mahotsav-23 is to promote the production of garments including handicrafts produced in the state in order to promote awareness on the theme “ Vocal for Local" and 'AtmaNirbhar Bharat Abhiyan' which is the goal of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
In summary, those who have the snap to give birth are female and those who have the snap to produce seed are male and the seed is also male.
“To confirm these passages, if we continue to read in verse 25, we will find that God did not say that man should not eat these things.
Bah Hek received the award as a volunteer Minister in recognition of him as one of the Ministers who has worked tirelessly for the people of Meghalaya and for his contribution to the part of the whole country.
" He came and said to them. They both stood like madmen.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar in honor and encouragement to the athletes who won the Meghalaya Games recently in Shillong, has awarded prizes and trophies. The winners of the Ri Bhoi Day Run were awarded prizes to the 30th Anniversary of Ri Bhoi District.
“The government has promised to set up police outposts in Umtlieh and Umlaper but it has not happened yet,” said Aloyius Bina, General Secretary of KSU Raid Nongtung Circle. Shapely.
Prestone said the government's move is also to reduce costs and to avoid the recruitment of full time staff, which has affected the departments they have.
Shillong: U PD Sangma, MCS officer, has been appointed as the new Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District in place of Bah Tableland Lyngwa.
The people should not be afraid that the government will treat them unfairly.
Complaints can also be sent by phone to 0364-2502079 or
He said it is the responsibility and duty of everyone to ensure that the students of the state should pass well the Civil Services examination.
“Once the Governor gives his approval, a petition will be filed in the High Court to request to suspend the implementation of the Bill,” the source said.
MENA Climate Week 2023 discusses climate change action ahead of COP28 and is organized by the Government of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
Hebrews 9:12.
We don't want to feed our children with fish containing formalin,” said Bah Wankhar.
Across the state, the government has tried to provide support to farmers, training on food production, marketing skills”.
Shillong, April 3: St. Petersburg
“It's time for us, Mother, it's time to close, others are ready to close...” said the son. “Yes, your father didn't come back to the shop, but how could he not tell you? I'll close it.
It will also be of benefit to the firefighters to learn how to spend money on electricity bills and how to save money on the use of fire fighting systems.
He added that the lack of adequate roads has affected the people living in the area as they cannot produce many crops due to difficulties in transportation. Take action in collaboration with the residents to inform the government and the relevant authorities to take the necessary action as soon as possible so that it will be convenient for the people of this area especially during the rainy season.
We request the Amlarem Sub-Divisional MEECl to replace the equipment with new equipment for the convenience of the people.
He criticized the NDA government for not providing any assistance to the flood victims in Assam.
SK Lato, Director Community Service, RC-Jowai and Rtn.
You have to understand this kind of thing.
BCC President Aiborlang Shadap and others.
Ye shall do no manner of work in it...for I the LORD have blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.
Therefore, it would be better to convene a large public meeting so that the people of the district can express their views and opinions on this issue.
Nongpoh, June 24: U Robin Munda, 45, resident of Pahamsyiem village in Ri-Bhoi District, has gone missing since 10th June 2023 at night.
“Therefore, we will follow strictly on the basis of these rules laid down by the MHA, we cannot go beyond this because this is the part that has been laid down for all the discussions. they will begin to change this for One of the two Seng groups, so they will have to change for all.
In 166 CE a plague known as the Antonine Plague spread throughout the Roman Empire and lasted for about twenty years.
"Police have questioned me for six hours and have taken her explanation and there is a discrepancy and they are investigating to find out who is telling the truth," Mulakkal said.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh urged the farmers to be united so that many of the problems of the farmers in the State can be solved.
PDENGSHAKAP: The District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills District has organized an exchange of knowledge and skills program to provide opportunities for school children in rural areas and urban areas to share knowledge and skills. knowledge and skills in various fields.
“In this age, I don't see the leaders loving the people because even to open an account they come to invite me to join them.
The Chairman of Umsning Town Dorbar, Bah Ripul R Ryntathiang, while talking to reporters, said that the delay in the work is due to the Hima Mylliem's ​​lack of attention and counting. for.
As a sign of protest, all shops in Bishnupur will be closed until evening.
According to a statement from Bah HS Marwein, the speakers at the service besides the Evangelists and Pastors of the Church in Khasi Hills and Manipur will also be Mrs Romila Young and others from Kalimpong Darjeeling.
To prevent the increasing number of accidents on the highways, Prestone Tynsong said that he has directed the authority to put up signboards to show the condition of the roads. He said that the drivers should know the condition of the road, especially in the places where accidents are frequent, but he said that even if they see that there is a signboard, they still drive improperly on the road. do not cause an accident.
Shillong: Three players from Shillong Lajong, Samuel J. Lyngdoh Kynshi, Kenstar Kharshong and Naorem Mahesh Singh, have been signed on loan by Kerala Blasters FC for the second division I-League season. 2020.
Shillong: Former KHADC CEM and UDP MDC from Sohra, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne, on Tuesday expressed his deep sorrow over the decline of the income and the increase in poverty and trade which has affected the low income.
The Seng Khasi Kmie will also look for more suitable land for the construction of a larger dance floor so that more dancers can participate.
The teachers were accompanied by leaders of political parties including the HYC, HNYM, AIM and others.
It was also alleged that the price of such equipment as stents and pacemakers is so expensive that the poor and low income patients cannot afford it.
The 6 km race will be open to both men and women and registration will be held on the same day from 6 pm at Circuit House, Mawkyrwat.
Earlier, Bah Paul expressed his regret by saying that others use their brains but the Jaidbynriew uses their hearts and feelings.
“As supporters of the Congress and Bah Gabriel in Nongstoin, you should not be bought at all.
All these are misunderstandings. Remember that alcohol cannot bring happiness or peace or reconciliation in the home when there are misunderstandings and it cannot make you happier or happier during the party but in the end leads to destruction.
This is because of the ethnic conflict in Manipur,” said the Chairman of the AIM Meghalaya Unit.
When asked about a better strategy than Modi, Lapang said, “Stolen money means that the PM should show his work but Modi has changed his course. .
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNYF) Mairang Circle has urged the people of Mairang Civil Sub-Division to reject the Tenancy Bill of the government which aims to enslave the villagers.
“In his expression of respect, the Prime Minister went to the residence of Bah Khongwir to pay his last respects for Bah Khongwir.
They were handed over to the Umsning Police Outpost for further investigation and sent back to the place where they were arrested. they come.
Many villages in the state have been declared containment zones and cannot enter or leave the area due to the spread of the disease. buy this disease.
Victor Ranee said the budget allocated for the construction of the Heritage Village is T 70 lakh and the fee they have already paid to the contractor is T 20 lakh.
He said that through the Saubhagya Scheme, 2211 villages have been allocated for electricity connection but the scheme has been reduced to 1512 villages. completed through the Revamp Distribution Sector Scheme.
“This issue has been raised in relation to the recruitment of AYUSH doctors in the government service, and that the time has come to recruit more staff for the establishment of the Directorate of AYUSH (as "It appears in the media many times," said Dr. Lyngdoh.
“Therefore, the bail orders dated 24.06.2015 and 08.07.2015 are illegal and inappropriate,” said Justice Singh in the order issued today.
There are only 2 brothers and only sisters.
According to Dr Mukul, after the completion of the market, the residents especially from Jaiaw, Mawkhar and Wahingdoh will no longer have to go to Khyndai Lad but will have to walk to Khyndai Lad. Polo Market.
Wolbetstar Ramsiej, Jomsingstar Ramsiej and Shiningstar Marwein in the men's category and Kyntimon Marwein, Marqueenless Ramsiej and Daplin Wahlang in the women's category were the winners in the 16 years and above category.
There are more than 10-15 households living in the area where the MPSC building is being constructed.
It is impossible for a young woman who is 5 feet tall to climb to a high place and commit suicide,” said the Kurs.
Police have seized all these drugs and others under the provisions of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to arrest others involved, said the Additional SP. Telangana beat Telangana 4-1 in the Junior Girls' National Football Championship (Tier 2) on Tuesday. Jaipur.
The discussion came first in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly on the implementation of the Roster System which the government has introduced after the High Court ordered that there should be no Roster System so that the recruitment of jobs will be improved. be straight and orderly.
Tura, March 12 : A Garo school student of Class IX has been raped by three robbers on March 1 while she was returning home from school.
The mother of the child, while sitting in the shop, on the 1st of this month, the robber stabbed her husband in the neck.
This book will be of great benefit to the readers as they will get a lot of valuable information that the author has collected over the decades.
The project has been awarded to the company in 2020 for implementation.
“Only today we see that four MLAs have joined the UDP, if they believe that the MLAs who have joined the NPP have received Rs 5 crore, then we can say that those who have joined the UDP have received Rs to Rs 20 crore.
The strike was convened by the All India Federation of Universities and Colleges (AIFUCTO) at Jantar Mantar, New Delhi and supported by the Federation of Central University Teachers' Association (FEDCUTA).
Earlier, Pirzada had posted a 15-second video in which she showed herself wearing bsein and kuratia to defeat Modi for what he did in Kashmir.
The earthquake was felt far away from the area, which includes Chikmagalur and Uttara Kannada districts. The Natural Disasters Monitoring Center (Natural Disasters Monitoring Centre) said that the earthquake was caused by the earthquake.
Under the Ayushman Bharat Digital Mission (ABDM), about 5 lakh IDs have been created. Under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Aarogya Yojana (PMJAY) Meghalaya, about 18 lakh people have benefited and about 5 lakh have already been distributed. that card.
The farmers of the District were also trained not to overuse pesticides as they can kill those pests that protect against other pests of the rice.
Of these, about 150 are shopkeepers, about 100 labourers, about 50 government employees, about 50 farmers and about 10 contractors.
The office of the General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Jowai invites all to the District Level Industrial Exhibition, Jowai Two Days to be held on the 7th and 8th June, 2024, at the Compound of Jowai. office of General Manager, District Commerce & Industries Centre, Mihmyntdu, Jowai.
Meanwhile, Pakistan and other teams that will compete in the tournament can take part in Pakistan which is the host country.
However, that difference made the Longdien a sign of Sohkhliang.
“In the field of science and technology, India has made significant contributions in many fields such as space, bioinformatics, data sciences, medicine and sports.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting of the Dorbar Shnong, Ma Ajoy Lywait, Waheh Shnong Dorbar Tympang Iawmusiang, said that the three days deadline given to the government to remove or clean the garbage has expired, but due to the stagnation of the garbage until last night. They also witnessed with their own eyes on Saturday, so they decided to hold a 36 hour strike to demand the government to immediately provide a complete garbage dump in Jowai.
Another Job Card implementation has been successful and the village has lost billions of rupees and where is the future of the village, she asked.
Bety also questioned the KHADC and the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima for allowing them to open this shop without a license for three years. Kong Rani has already informed the office many times.
The Bank of Korea paid 23 million won (USD 19,320) to the man, which is half of the loss.
The powers of the District Council may also be taken over by the State Government and implemented.
The BSF troops immediately stopped and without giving any warning opened fire and Roning died of the shooting.
Bah P.Kharlukhi has been interested in painting since he was a child.
The NDA meeting followed a meeting of 26 political parties, including indigenous parties, from various states of India in Bengaluru today.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) on Tuesday launched the implementation of a smart meter under the Asian Development Bank (ADB) project.
According to the law in India, the age of marriage should not be less than 16 years.
Gavin said that according to the target of the dry process, MCCL has set a target to produce up to 600 tonnes per day and perhaps by producing this amount they will be able to cover a large amount of money.
Shillong, June 17: The Mawphlang Youth Wing on 16th June 2022, has honored Banshemphang Pathaw, resident of Mawphlang, after winning the Silver medal in the 45th category. kg for men in the Kickboxing Championships held in Goa on 1st and 2nd June
Erwin said that if there is a mistake in the demarcation, the Supreme Court should not set up a Monitoring Committee because the land does not fall under the Sixth Schedule, the Government has no right to do so. I'm from Assam.
The name of the party is the Beer Party and it offers to distribute 50 liters of beer to adults and 20 liters to children per month.
The Covid-19 pandemic, climate change, awareness of calorie intake are the major changes that have drawn the world to these healthy foods.
Post Name:- Junior Engineer Grade– I (Electrical)No of posts:- 2Department:- P.H.E.Department.
Pyndap said the party has already sent a letter to the Minister of Law who is also the Chairperson of the Committee on Reservation Roster. 1972 to ensure that the Roster Registers should be operational from June 2022 in order to implement the Roster System prospectively.
Compared to the fare before the lockdown, it was T.60 and not T.100 and this affected the passengers.
“The Board will be headed by a retired Judge of the High Court who is also the Chairman of the State Consumer Council.
This allegation came after two children were electrocuted at Umsalait village, West Jaintia Hills District this morning at 10 pm.
In a statement sent to the media by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said, “On the 19th of this month, police received a tip from a resident. Lumshnong Police Station has received a phone call from an unidentified person who demanded money and threatened to take action against him unless he pays the money. not claimed.
This plant grows in soils that are not fertile.
Speaking to reporters, Mansturdy said that after receiving a letter from Jansing to support the Executive Committee (EC), the PDF, he called him to ask why he would support. The Congress is in the opposition.
The meeting was led by RBPC President Jayson Lennox Nongrum and MPSO Chairman Arpirt Upadhayay. M.Wanniang and other members of the committee also submitted a petition to seek information on the reason for the delay in the release of the results of the DSC posts called for the year 2021-2
This happened on the 9th of November 2013 on the road inside Rambrai village while Conrad was on his way to attend the opening ceremony of the Rambrai C&RD Block and the distribution of various schemes to the beneficiaries. or to local farmers.
They also said that the road is from Demnar, Mariem to Lum Kyllai Longsngun.
Until today, which is the deadline for filing nominations, only Timothy from MDA-2 has filed his nomination papers while no one from the opposition has filed his nomination papers.
The wife may also share in the income and property of her husband.
On the other hand, the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Sanjay Goel, took action and sought the cooperation of the village authorities and religious groups.
This species of tree is becoming extinct.
The true Rangbah is not one whom we value, in terms of education, knowledge, wealth, wealth, rank or honor.
The selection of these consultants is based on a tender based on their skills.
Copies of the letter were sent to all the government ministers, leaders of various political parties and also to the CEM of KHADC and JHADC. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has replied to their letter on 16th March, 2015, in a statement issued by the Private Secretary to MR today.
“What is feared is that gradually, this drug industry could create groups of traffickers who will use the tools of the day to traffic in drugs,” said the President of FKJGP.
There is not a single scheme that the state government has not implemented but the reason is the delay in releasing funds from Delhi which will delay the implementation of the schemes.
Conrad also insisted that the two Chief Ministers will visit West Jaintia Hills and Karbi Anglong, which are still in conflict, urging the residents to bring peace and promising the people that the two governments will come up with a way to resolve all these issues.
The incident happened in the morning, when the woman, Kong Edwina Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, together with her daughter Rimonlang Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, went together to look for wild jhur from the nearby forest. Umran Dairy village and without thinking, the woman lost her life after she fell into the electrical wire which fell into the pit leading from the forest.
The Woodland Hospital received this recognition for its ability to provide blood tests in the fields of Clinical Biochemistry, Clinical Pathology and Hematology.
The chest number is placed on a timing chip along with two timing machines,” said Rev.SC Diengngan. The deadline for registration will be on the 31st of this month. .
It is learned that at 6:30 pm today there was a thunderstorm and heavy rain in some parts of Delhi.
The Ministry of Education has also requested the Directorate of Information and Public Relations (DIPR) to issue a notice in the newspapers that Private Universities under the Acts of Meghalaya do not have the authority to affiliate with any College/Approved College/Cutonomous College. College.
MEMRIWU has decided that the State Government should dismiss the GMK Management, due to the lack of employees in the company and that the Government should take over the job by issuing a emergency cel within the State.
“In the final round, Meghalaya lost 2-0 to Services, who led Group-B with 13 points from that three sien fight.
After the meeting, the PSC members also visited the Treatment Plant of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme at Mawphlang.
Speaking to PTI, Sattar said, “The seats are mine and we have provided them for the Congress meeting. and the one who gets the ticket must provide his own seats.
He was speaking at the swearing-in ceremony of the new office bearers of HANM West Jaintia Hills, held at the GHM Guest House, Myntdu.
All three officers gave a detailed explanation and training to the farmers who attended about 250 people from different villages.
I have also tried to get the opinion of other teachers and they have expressed the same concern about the way of canceling and maintaining the courses of different subjects.
Shella MLA Dr. Donkupar Roy is the President of the UDP, Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne is the Working President, Mairang MLA Metbah Lyngdoh and Umsning MLA. Dr.C Lyngdoh from the Congress party and MDC Donkupar Sumer from the UDP. MDCs support PDF for this reason.
When the fire was burned, all the insects in the body died.
At the same time, the panel directed the Committee to come up with appropriate action within four weeks.
The funeral service will be held on 21/04/2021 at Lum Thangbru, Raliang at 10 AM. and directed all residents to strictly follow the orders of containment areas announced on the 13th of this month.
In this regard, the report said that the national team will play against Australia in the first three matches of the tournament.
The VPP has seen that the dismissal of them was without any conditions, but they were dismissed.
However, they tried to extort money by convening their Dorbar Kur.
Mumbai: Maharashtra is considering ways and means to relax the movement of the people after 17th June 2020 and this is even after Mumbai, has experienced 15,000 cases of Covid-1 19 and Maharashtra as a whole has 24,000 cases.
Shylla said that the district council has passed a clean marriage law. “The Conrad government should approve the marriage law. Bill shongkha khleh to prevent Khasi women from marrying other ethnic groups and those who violate that will lose their Khasi identity,” he said.
This examination is for Tier 1 & 2 examinations.
“We have understood and understood each other so I am pleased,” said Kni and stood up immediately to go outside.
History tells us that this method of execution was the most terrible and painful death ever.
Thus, it was revealed that the location of the old coal was different from the one found today.
Not only the meat, but also the vegetables, but the wages of the people remain the same.
From the observation regarding the partial dropout rate of girls aged 11-14 years showed that there were large numbers of ineligible beneficiaries and the The registration of fake names has been removed and corrected, added the officials.
Garo Land is our goal and if necessary we the GNLA will shed blood for it,” said Savio in a statement.
“We want to understand this issue and we request the cooperation of the village authorities, church authorities to send the message to the community that the district administration is there,” said the DC. , he said that the village authorities and church authorities have been requested to monitor this incident especially in the areas where there are cemeteries.
Synroplang operates 88 SPTS buses and 120 SSPTS vehicles.
Prof. LJ Singh from the Department of Electronics and Communication Engineering (SOT), NEHU was the chief guest and presented the awards to the winners. Principal of Mawlai Presbyterian College Prof. CC Laloo and others.
However, we have seen the performance of the team although there are some areas where the team is weak, but we will try to take advantage of their weakness.
However, she expressed the hope that the government will take action and should submit a report before 3rd June,
This was stated by Samla Rae Ridame Sari, General Secretary of KSU Delhi.
“You're not old enough,” said Banisha's mother. “You're old enough, but you're still old enough,” she said. "Banisha's mother replied, "You don't feel sorry for me when I say that because I love you," said the woman. to Peter.
“There has been a strong push by the government to have sports in the state with several sponsoring teams, which have produced many training courses, many sports venues, recognition of famous sportsmen and “We have been conducting many sports festivals,” said MR. He said that while confirming that sports has been promoted by the government, there has been a competition but he added, “We will try to provide for these competitions that we experience on our street and hopefully organize sports festivals," Conrad said.
Saleng said that a few days before the meeting, the Minister of State, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, had been expelled from Jinjal. to encourage the government to monitor and strengthen security.
As the mothers to improve the household, Kong Lyngdoh said that we must preserve the traditional dress in front of the world so that it too will be a legacy for our children tomorrow. and that they shall not be plundered by other nations.
There are also many parents who don't have anything to give to their children whether it is for their daughters or sons or to send them to school to educate or even to give their children a job because even if they want to I don't know how to help them. I don't have the strength to do it because I don't have the right to suffer. There are children who have nothing but through their hard work they have grown in income and wealth.
(Phil 4:5-6).
The KSU said that the students who took the examination had to wait for hours without any proper instructions or any written guidance to reach the examination centres.
According to the source, about six offices have been seized under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA).
Shillong: The Boxing Association of East Khasi Hills (BCA) has won the most medals in the State Sub Junior Men and Women Boxing Championship 2018-1 The Meghalaya Boxing Association (MBA) tournament was held on the 2nd of this month at the Indoor Sports Hall, Mawlai, Mawroh.
This is the second time that the program has been held and earlier in June this year it was held at the SAI Training Center at NEHU with the participation of 527 students from all over the country. districts of the State in Athletics, Boxing and Football.
Nongpoh: Nongpoh Ribhoi FC District today held a garbage fishing tournament organized by the office of the Ribhoi FC District. the District Urban Affairs Unit under the Under State Urban Infrastructure Development Initiative Programs.
The three rules to follow are to wash your hands with soap, cover your mouth when sneezing or coughing, to wear masks and to stand/sit at a distance from each other. how 1 meter.
He is one of the most prominent journalists in this field and has contributed a lot to the society through the media which he has served for more than 14 years.
Other members who have not yet been arrested are being sought, said SP Bah M Kharkrang.
And if he wants to benefit from what he has, he must work for himself, can he do so? When there is no worker, or if there is no servant, there is no one to clean his house, or to cook for him.
Nongpoh: Syllei-u-Lar Village, Bhoirymbong Area, Raid Mawbuh, Mylliem Hima, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, held a special celebration on the 30th Anniversary of Syllei-u-Lar Village, Bhoirymbong Hima. village, that is, since its establishment in
The program was sponsored by the National Council for Science and Technology Communication, Department of Science and Technology, Government of India and Planning. Department of the Government of Meghalaya.
We also met with the buyers who have started buying the unripe synsar.
Both the coaches hoped that they would win the match tomorrow.
Speaking to reporters, Babu Risakmenlang said that this book is fully suitable for the students of class 12 as it covers all the chapters of the syllabus of MBOSE and CBSE is for class
There will be 10 states and one small state to vote in the first phase: Andhra Pradesh (25), Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya (two each), Mizoram, Nagaland, Sikkim and Andaman. and Nicobar and Lakshmiep (one each), Telangana (17) and Uttarakhand (three).
On the Congress' promise to donate T3000 tyngka to women, he said, “Any party has the right to propose a promise, whether it is a promise or not. “It's the best thing and when I'm in Delhi, I understand that we should refrain from talking about other parties”.
We have seen the schemes of the Government of India, which claim to have distributed electricity to all the villages of the country, but when this is the case, it shows that it is only a scheme to employ contractors. , to deliver the fire signs to the villages of the people, while the signs are empty, because there is no fire and this is the fact, which happened through this fire which lasted from 7:30 pm and which is likely to rise even higher in the coming days.
Dr Jemino said all constituencies should decide on their candidates.
Expressing his satisfaction with the construction of the road, the Minister recalled the importance of the road for the State and the citizens.
The scheme, which has been implemented since 2012 under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM), and those non-government hospitals that are recognized or registered by the government, have this scheme. to the son.
At the same time, it was announced that from now on, Smart Meters will be introduced.
Thus, it was said that after the heavy fighting began, thousands and tens of thousands of foreigners or people outside Sudan, have hastened to flee to other countries where they They lived with their owners to save themselves from the war.
That is, he may now be a brother in the faith, who lives with you, who teaches you the same religion, whom you have received, whom you have given a place to live.
Noting that the GNLA chief was a former member of the ANVC, Shira said Sohan needs to think carefully about the aspirations of the people for peace and stand up for freedom. the welfare of all the people.
Interestingly, both these villages which held the camp are located on the border between India and Bangladesh.
Perhaps the time has come to change the way we preach about the dangers of drugs.
It promotes physical, mental and spiritual health.
Union Defense Minister Amit Shah was in Manipur from 29th June 2023 to 1st July 2023 and announced the formation of the Committee for Peace. Visit Manipur to see the bloodshed between the Meitei and Kuki communities in which thousands of residents have been displaced.
God will know us and we will know him.
Efty's ball was scored by Elizer.
If the NPP really wants Meghalaya to be free from corruption, it should immediately appoint an independent inquiry headed by a retired judge of the High Court so that the facts can be revealed.
They are bad, but when others die, they will be accused of being Nongshohnoh or Nongaiksuid.
Shillong, Jymmang 21: On the 20th of this month, Bah EP Kharbhih IAS, Commissioner & Secretary in charge of Education, Government, together with Bah M.Marba Niang, Dy.Director MBO SE, on Tuesday held a meeting with the Minister of Education. Lawanpynshngain War, son of Kitdor, President and Boldness L Nongum, former MLA and General Secretary, led by Bah Lawanpynshngain War, son of Bah Kitdor, President and General Secretary of the Khad Sawphra Sports Association. establish.
At the same time, he said the government has instructed the Meghalaya Industries Development Corporation (MIDC) to prepare the drawings and requirements in which the government will encourage the land owners to set up factories. in a more simplified way.
The Governor said that the CMJ is still going to court to meet the requirements of the Governor by July 10, 2013, which is a late decision, although the received an order from the Governor, on 30th June 2013-06-12, giving them time to comply with all the instructions of the Governor by 21st June
At the same time, the Seng urges the state government to take strong measures to fight against this invasion by Assam.
There were 1500 participants from 100 countries and Donbor was the only one from the state to take part in the Men's Physique Fitness Model category organized by of the Indian Bodybuilding and Fitness Federation (IBBFF) through the International Federation of Bodybuilding and Fitness (IFBB).
Reducing alcohol consumption or quitting altogether is the way to go.
Bah Ailong Manbha Pariat, one of the leaders and office bearers of the UDP party since the past, said that the reason for his departure from the UDP party is because the party has no candidate in Umroi. As happened in the last election, the candidate of the party has been defeated and this will happen in the next election. “I hope to win the election from Umroi Constituency,” he added.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawshynrut Circle on Friday sent a letter to the Executive Engineer of MePCL West Khasi Hills Division Nongstoin to complain about the increasing electricity supply in the area. Mawshynrut, the stinginess of line men, the deterioration of electricity posts and the increase in electricity bills.
There are 20 finalists from Ri Bhoi District.
Bible scholars say that the Exodus account is related to the original Hebrew word "anawim" which means to be forced or oppressed.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Nujorki Sungoh, said that the purpose of the inspection is to see that the Entry Point will work smoothly, so that the Entry Point can be implemented. and to control the illegal entry of foreigners.
“I appreciate the vision of Bah Joy and I dare to say that there is no leader from the state who is greater than Bah Joy.
Those people with high cholesterol need to increase their physical activity and choose foods that can improve their health and provide fats in their bodies.
FASToM has sent a proposal to the Education Department of the State Government to increase the salary of Adhoc teachers from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary by T.18,000 and also to increase the salary by 5 percent. every year.
Bah Dhar said that on the evacuation of the people living in Them Ïew Mawlong, we will try to complete it soon because it is time to evacuate and yesterday we have already sent a letter and after The Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC) will convene a meeting with the leaders of the HPC on 10th June. The answer is from them because we have decided one thing and it always happens one way, so we want to get the answer first and after that there will be a meeting to discuss it”.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Bandari Ryntathiang expressed his deep sorrow and anger over the ICAR's actions from time to time to dismiss Khasi workers without any reason. their contract expired, but instead they were brought back by foreigners.
Downtown Heroes FC opened the scoring in the 12th minute when Zahid Yousif scored the first goal of the match. Shillong Lajong FC also struggled to score the first goal in the second half when Lajong's Sambor Kharsahnoh scored the second goal in the 51st minute. turn night.
The rule of the people is the most powerful.
Therefore, I don't see anything wrong with the government's decision to remove the retired officers and appoint officers who are still in office,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
In addition, the Commission has ordered that the polling day will be announced on 18.01.2023, according to Order No. SHEL.V/29/2002/60/1 of Conduct (MCC) will come into force, which means that it is no longer permissible to display hoardings and advertisements of the leaders of any party.
It is for this reason that the state government is against the amendment to the IAS Cadre Rule, as it will seriously affect the state.
As part of the celebration of the 20th Anniversary of the Seng Kur Warjri, the Khasi New Year was also celebrated according to the lunar calendar by Bah Raphael Warjri and a speech was delivered by Bah Roy Kupar Synrem. He urged the people to be tipkur tipkha, tipkur tipkha and earn their rights by pointing out that tipkur tipkha is important for the future of the nation in all aspects.
He also explained that central government schemes like NREGA, PMAY, Pension, NRLM including scholarships for students are paid online and this is also done in a transparent manner.
Shortly after this, it was observed that the people have also faced problems in relation to pigs after the deaths of pigs in some parts of the state due to African Swine Flu (ASF) and This time there is also a disease of cows that affects their skin, known as Lumpy Skin Disease (LSD).
However, after 2004, this Act has become more strict and it is no longer easy for MLAs to cut down trees as they please.
Sushant was found in the house and the housekeeper immediately informed the police.
In the past 11 days, starting from 11th November 2020, more and more people have recovered from the disease and the Government of India expects that in the future, it will be able to curb the spread of the disease. pain.
Pastor Godwin said that the police arrived at the time they were erecting the stem flags and removed the barriers, which were tied around the churches.
Shillong, July 25: The National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Friday sent a letter to the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah to immediately delete the word “RR Colony” and replace it with the word “RR Colony”. the name of The Rynjah.
If the ruling MLAs do not change their minds, the government led by Dr Mukul Sangma yesterday is on the verge of collapse and it will be easy for the Opposition to collapse the Lamphang. sun.
He said that during his 10 terms as MDC of Jowai South after the division of MDC constituency he has tried to implement development projects to improve schools, footpaths and others, but he has not yet succeeded and he still wants to bring about development projects. He also asked for the support of the people to bring him to the goal.
In another development, the Railway Department is preparing to operate air conditioned trains from 12th June
In the boys under 16 category, Mac Bryan Ke Pathaw won the first prize, Lamlangki Makri won the second prize and Sanbok Jyrwa third prize. In the girls under 16 category, E Grace Malieh came first, Anjusefin Syngkli came second and Ribhaiaakor came third.
The main objective is that the election process shall be fair, transparent and transparent to inform the public in such a way as to achieve a transparent governance for the to build society and improve the standard of living of the people in all aspects.
Speaking at the meeting, James Sangma congratulated the people of Dadenggre who came to welcome the National President of the NPP, Conrad K Sangma.
“We should have traditional markets that will operate every day to remind us of our identity and cultural richness and to showcase them to the world.
Speaking to reporters, one of the former HNLC leaders, Bah Juluis Dorphang, urged the government to call for talks with the political parties.
The National Spokesperson demanded that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the former Minister of Electricity should give a clear answer to the people of Meghalaya.
Dr Alka Kharsati, prominent Khasi physician, Bah E.Syiemsad from Ri-Bhoi Association and Bah Tambor Lyngdoh, one of the leaders in the field of environmental protection were present at the meeting. to discuss issues ranging from health, environment, legal issues and others.
Some of the projects through the Smart City include Laitumkhrah Market, Polo Market, large parking lots, Smart Roads and others and there are 17 projects in total.
Ancient Ireland has been divided into different religious churches to this day.
He said he hopes that the people will vote for change especially when it comes to the lack of governance of the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP. “The present Government has been smuggling coal, handing over the land of the State to Assam and others,” said Bah Nongrum.
Bah Ganold, gathered together the elders who used to work with him and we went to many villages together, where I was the candidate and the driver with Bah Ganold. , he was a disciple and we walked at night in pairs and we didn't have enough places to eat and drink, but we ate shops, if we found that there were still open.
Shillong: The Tura High Court on Tuesday issued a non-bailable warrant for the arrest of BJP Meghalaya Vice President Bernard N. Marak, on charges of involvement in running a prostitution camp at his farmhouse in Tura; Superintendent of Police, West Garo Hills VS Rathore said.
At this meeting, after reaching a consensus, it was decided to monitor the development schemes of Jowai and the district as a whole.
However, when the match continued in the second half, both teams failed to score and took the match to extra time of 20 minutes.
Smile is also a great medicine that can strengthen the body and improve the health of the body.
The Transport Department, PWD and the operator of the bus stop are responsible for the negligence of duty to ensure that the “This bus stop should be complete,” said Kong Angela.
More than 10,000 liters of liquor seized by the Bareilly Cantonment Police have disappeared from the police station.
The third issue mentioned in the article is the appointment of persons with disabilities through the District Selection Committee which the government should have taken action on.
More than 10,000 faithful from all over the churches in the Western Synod attended the service at Lyngkhoi.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Chief Executive Members of Ri-War East today held a special meeting at Pynursla to discuss issues related to the dismissal of Rangbah Shnongs. The meeting was attended by about 180 Chief Executive Members including Sordars, Rangbah Shnongs, Matabors, FKJGP, HYC and Erwin K Styiem Sutnga, Legal Adviser. At this meeting, the Chief Executive Members of Ri-War Mihngi have decided to hold a protest in the entire Ri-War area following the arrest of the Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem. .
Phrangki Dhar scored the goals for Luti Tuber Ialong in the 4th minute, Leader Mulieh in the 18th and 45th minutes, Fredrick Dhar in the 22nd and 22nd minutes, Bankitbor Dhar in the 36th, 60th and 68th minutes. 69 and one goal in the 53rd minute was scored.
The AICC reminded that the MPCC President will take action in submitting reports on the progress of the work of the PCC, as usual.
LP School, which has only 3 rooms in the middle of the collapse, has been renovated and renovated in a beautiful and complete manner in order to spread education to the children in the area after the collapse. The school building was inaugurated by Bah Jason S Mawlong MLA Umsning as the chief guest.
The opening ceremony was attended by Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District who took part in the welcome speech. District, MPS, Deputy Superintendent of Police, other government officials, school teachers and students.
They demanded that the President of the School Management Committee (SMC) should be investigated for his involvement with the teacher. They said that the DI office from Williamnagar has found that T.5 lakh has already been withdrawn from the grant for the construction of classrooms out of the allocated T.7 lakh.
The High Court, while hearing the case, sentenced the suspect to imprisonment for up to 8 years under Section 4 of the POCSO Act and a fine of T.
“Tomorrow it's still enough to cook,” said the mother and covered the khiew ja khliew jhur.
On the same occasion, the Minister also announced a donation of Rs 2 crore from Meghalayan Age Ltd for the improvement and beautification of the Garo Heritage Village. by the Ministry of Tourism of the State Government.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 11 cases, one soldier, eight BSF personnel and two civilians.
The Planning Department has launched public buses in urban areas for passengers with the aim of improving road safety during school hours by 75% and reducing CO2 emissions by 72%.
These students include Dimarkithmu Gayang who has entered the First Twenty rank in the SSLC in the result announced by the MBOSE recently.
While they left behind the special gift of the Creator.
“There will be up to two or three groups all told.
“As a leader you love the people, you don’t endanger them by using force.
At present, only the market in Mawlai-Mawiong is functioning but the market in Garobadha is not functioning anymore.
According to police, the truck was carrying shyiap and was coming from Nongkasen to Nongspung. it was going to hit right into the wall.
Shillong: There have been 61 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, including 2 deaths.
“In Manipur we have only one MLA but now we have come to power, we can change the table overnight and this will happen here in Meghalaya too,” he said. message.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Bah Ekhel Marwein, Principal Ramakrishna Mission Bholaganj, expressed his satisfaction with the success of the tournament and encouraged the participants to continue.
The signs of India's suspension have been evident since the Supreme Court removed Praful Patel as President of the AIFF on 18th June this year. The AIFF has not held an election for the office bearers which was scheduled to be held in November
The woman was also arrested on 8th June 2024 and charged with violating the law and endangering the lives of others for her violence.
Ribhoi has 13 cases and 8 cases from outside the state.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has denied that it has sought support or any proposal from the Congress for the Ranikor by-election and said it will go its own way.
The festival will be held to promote tourism especially from the 90 feet high bridges in the area and also to create employment opportunities for the youth from this is tourism.
This Satnam is the dose of James Sangma and now with this new dose of Tynsong, the price of one has reached 10,000/- Tyngka.
Up to 13 rots were brought to Aitnar today. These rots also brought a message to the witnesses from the message to speak out against the discrimination against women and mothers to the slaughter of wildlife and the destruction of the environment.
The UDP won 11 MLAs and 12 MLAs after the Sohiong elections.
In the petition, the union also reminded that the Riangdo CHC should be increased to 100 beds as the population has increased steadily over the years.
Ionis Dkhar said that Smen Kyndait came to his house in Moolamanoh to ask him to allow him to transport his coal which was stocked at Beltola Guwahati to the factory of his friends. He is an Accountant of Companies in Meghalaya and Assam.
Such a police department is also harmful to the society because the police come from the same society and not from another.
Conrad said it was a party meeting to discuss how to strengthen the party for the upcoming MDC and Lok Sabha elections.
HANM has received information through an RTI received on 22nd July 2014, that there has been an appointment of persons in various posts without announcing or informing the authorities. However, the DC said that these people whom he has appointed are only temporary employees, to run the office in his office.
Ozil ended his international career with Germany before joining Fenerbahce and most recently joined Istanbul club Basaksehir.
Mr. (L) Singh Mulieh is also a sports and games enthusiast and was one of the football players of Ialong.
Therefore, in the voice of those who went to meet the Syiem of Raid Marwet, they said that as the people of Raid Marwet, they urge the Hima Mylliem, to listen to this request. They said that the post of Rangbah Shnong Pyllun should be given to the Marwet and that they should not allow other people from outside the Raid.
The film crew also congratulated Embok Ramde, Everest Nongshli, Baiai Syiem, Meiramew, UCC College, Johanan Kharkongor, Dahunpura Marpan, Iengskhem Rympei and Dr. Riki Kurkalang.
The Waheh Shnong of Bakur has expressed his deep sorrow and condolences to the family and at the same time urged the State Government.
The immediate implementation of the grant has been monitored by the Central Government and the State Governments.
In addition, two incidents have been reported in Ri Bhoi District.
The match will be played between Nangbah Iawmusiang and Sabahmuswang at 2 pm.
However, when there are shortcomings and problems, it seriously affects their preparation.
He said that through the hard work of the civil society, it has been found that there are people who came from Assam, whose names are not included in the NRC and without proper documents.
Ai Wai House/Shop5
It is an unpleasant incident because if such a step had been taken long ago, it could have been fixed but now for 10 years time has been wasted and we have not yet got a Medical College.
After the release of the State Anthem, political parties and civil society organizations have expressed their concern over the non-inclusion of the Jaintia language in the State Anthem.
“This illegal collection of taxes by the Assamese has affected the farmers in these areas where they used to collect 8 tyngka per kilo, synsar and shikali pickup farmers had to pay T.15,0 the people of Assam,” he said.
The news from all over and from Israel said that a false Messiah had appeared, this was the Messiah that the Israelites had been waiting for for a long time because they did not accept that Jesus was their Messiah.
In the second half, the match became more interesting as both the teams, worked hard to score goals and especially the players of Umbir SC, who were beaten by Nongthymmai, but until the end. Umbir SC, SC, failed to score a goal in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup, which led to the team beating Nongthymmai S&CC 1-0 The winner of the final received a cash prize of T.30,000/- and a trophy, while Umbir, who lost the final, received a cash prize of T.15,000/-. and the trophy.
The death toll has risen to 1,501 in the past 24 hours.
KSU Namdong Unit on Monday met with the Superintending Engineer of MeECL M Patlong to request him to take action to improve the power line. to all the border villages in the Nartiang Constituency.
Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh, State General Secretary of the TMC and Saralin Dorphang were also present on the occasion. TMC candidate for Mawhati Constituency.
Some of those who didn't have time to stand in line all day said that they came to the bank after a while when there were fewer people but found that the bank had closed its main door.
Some related rice seeds such as 6444 and 2355 are very similar but others are not.
as recorded at Zechariah 9:9
HNYF Western Region President KS Rani said the party is pleased to hear that the President of the country, Pranab Mukherjee, has understood the plight of the people.
Robert said that the party suggests that the roster should be operational from the year of its approval and not to turn back as this will cause many problems.
The purpose of the release of this film is to raise awareness among the youth of the District who have reached the age of 18 years to register on the Electoral Roll or Special Summary Revision. The qualifying date is
One of the suspects was arrested from Guwahati.
Wholesalers and Fair Price Shop Dealers are also advised not to weigh the rice with a weighing machine and if they have any complaints about the price of rice, please inform us. Deputy Commissioner (S) Nongstoiñ.
In addition, there is no cess for each type.
“Keating Road was closed for cleaning on Sunday but there were about four staff inside the shop who were cleaning.
On this occasion, Habandajop Lyngdoh gave a training to the women in the village on the method of making compost called Vermi Composting.
Although these cases seem to have increased, the only thing is that those involved have been arrested and punished according to the law and many have been victims of POCSO. Shillong, Nailur 14 : Meghalaya has ranked third among the states in the North East in terms of violence. said the Chief Whip of the Opposition, Bah George Lyngdoh in the House on Tuesday.
The program is part of the celebration of 'Swachhta Hi Seva 2023' under the theme 'Garbage Free India'
On this occasion, gifts and best wishes were also distributed to the youth who will compete in the National Games to be held in Goa from 29th November to 12th March 2022 in Gujarat.
Some can relieve you of depression while others can make your depression worse.
He can transform our countries into a place of coexistence in love and happiness.
She said Indigenous practices can provide examples of the close relationship between people and nature.
All marriages and divorces are prohibited by the various Christian denominations, according to this Act.
There are those who drive water around the villages around the city.
The meeting of the two committees decided to discuss Desh Domreah, Nongwah Mawtamur and Borduar first, while Block-II will be discussed later.
This tournament was organized by the KSU Nongpoh Circle as part of the memory of this young man who has contributed to the Jaitbynriew in the past by serving the Jaitbynriew through the KSU and He was also a full member of KSU Nongpoh Circle who passed away on 8th June
The closure order was issued through the Deputy Commissioners of various Districts of the State.
He said that although the Mazdoor Union has stopped the strike, it will continue to fight against the illegal theft of petrol and diesel by petrol trucks halfway before reaching the petrol pumps.
Therefore, we need to think and plan newly, act newly and show new skills.
When you look at the Khasi man, you see how much he loves his mother and father.
While the state is struggling with the problems faced by the decisions and corruption of this government, it is the duty of the education department to meet the demands of the people. with the ensuring that the improvement of education in the state should not be the gain of anyone in power or seat.
Shillong Lajong will now prepare to face East Bengal on the 14th of this month in Kolkata.
Ladthadlaboh beat Mynthong 1-0 goals, Riburom Jat (OG) scored the first goal in the 6th minute.
, Ltd.
Replying to a question, Bah Lhuit said that Bah Ngaitlang had come to throw stones in the bad parts of the road and that the MLA had tried to include it in the scheme to improve the road. for the safety and security of the people of this village.
She urged the central government to grant citizenship rights to Hindu Bengalis, Sikhs and others except Muslims who came to Assam after being persecuted after the partition of India and Pakistan.
This was announced by Bah Mayralborn in the House through a Zero Hour Notice, in which he said that the posters by the SSS across Assam and on the borders have put the leaders of Church schools in the border areas and especially in the Marmaiñ area under Nongpoh Constituency in Ri-Bhoi District.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that in the next few days, the state will be able to witness various festivals. to promote tourism in the state.
Lawanaibok, who is studying at St Anthony Higher Secondary School, Shillong, is one of the Khasi students to receive this rank after many years that Khasi have not been able to hold the first rank in this field of study.
How can the Deputy Commissioner who is also the Returning Officer (the officer in charge of Shillong Constituency) undermine the powers of the Election Commission of India?
As Lamphang, he conducted the dorbar in an orderly manner without taking sides.
, Boyce Road, Laitumkhrah, Shillong invites application from eligible candidates for admission into.
Speaking at a meeting of the BJP Krushak Morcha at the party headquarters in the state, Samal said the state government has not been able to provide for the production of rice and The shops are under the supervision of the rice sellers.
He also hoped that through the cooperation and consensus of many, we will be able to meet again in the future in order to move forward with the work to achieve their goals.
We see that as education increases rapidly in our state, so does the decline in morality.
In West Garo Hills, there are 8 cases of high risk contact.
Therefore, the Opposition is now in darkness because according to the rules of law to become the Leader of the Opposition, the party must win at least 10 MLAs which means half of the seven seats. members of the House of Representatives.
But God is great because after we won we formed a government from 2018 to
This notice will also be published in Part-II of the Gazette of Meghalaya on 3rd July
To promote this programme, MeFilma has also invited the talented artists of the state, in a competition to design a logo and intro video related to this programme.
The vehicle was driven by Krishna Thapa, 39 years old.
Speaking on the occasion, Kyrmen Shylla thanked the blood donors who through many souls have saved their lives.
The incident happened at about 11 pm on the 18th of this month.
Jemino said that although the UDP expected to win more MLAs this election, for many reasons, it did not get many MLAs, but as the party it has been able to do more. Compared to the 2018 elections, the UDP won 6 seats, but in 2023 it has won 11 seats.
New Delhi, Nailar 19: Addressing the G20 Health Ministers' Meeting in Gandhinagar, Gujarat, Prime Minister Narendra Modi welcomed the There are 2.1 million doctors, 3.5 million nurses, 1.3 million paramedics, 1.6 million pharmacists and millions of others involved in the health sector in India.
The mother thought she would tell Hiram how he had returned home.
Shillong, Naitung 13: The BJP in Shillong has criticized the reports that Shillong MP Vincent Pala has said that he will stand up against anyone. restrictions from the central city to ban the slaughter of beef.
As the mother government, it should have turned its attention to the people on the border, that is, to look after the needs of the people in the roads, water supply, electricity, education, because if the Development work in the border areas is also part of the government's ability to protect the border and also for the people to grow in income, education and all fields of employment. develop that the public needs.
Samla Makri said that the party does not want even 10 inches of land of the state to fall to Assam and if the district authorities and KHADC cannot take action on this, the party will not be able to do anything. On the other hand, the party will not hesitate to think and take strong measures against these incidents of violence and attacks by foreign states.
Voice of the People Party (VPP) Leader Bah Ardent said this on 15th November 2022 during his visit to Mairang Constituency to explain to the residents of Mairang Constituency. Constituency that there are those who want to mislead and those who want to spread his name by accusing 'Bah Ardent' is a corrupt person who has done nothing in the Assembly.
We have discussed in detail how to move forward to revive the coal mines, quarries and other mining areas including large and small,” he said.
He said the reason why KHNAM supports the HSPDP is because it wants to respond to the violence of the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
(ii) Son (Nongsiej Shop), when the son of Nongsiej Shop dies.
The status quo shows that the Pnars are not allowed to travel to West Karbi Anglong District and the Karbis are not allowed to travel to West Jaintia Hills District as it is now for more than 10 months.
The Minister said that according to the rules, the identification of the affected areas should be looked into.
The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in an order issued under Section 144 of the CrPC has banned the smuggling of dohum dohwah. This type of medicine is located in Wahkhri, Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The allocation is T.1.3 crore for all necessities and out of this about T.70 lakh for sports activities and mostly for accommodation, food and drink.
IN THE BLOOD:— Smoking cigarettes depletes the oxygen in your blood and body.
It was also learned that the mother of the girl, had fought, but she could not protect her own child and in the fight, the attackers managed to kidnap the child. young man of the house.
Speaker : The speaker is the speaker of the dorbar.
She is also a freelance journalist who contributes to the society through writing articles in newspapers.
After the UDP, the TMC continued and on the other hand, TMC candidate Bah Macmillan Kharbani slammed the political parties that have joined hands with the BJP especially the ethnic parties which have declared patriotism but are still affiliated with the BJP. Congress candidate Bah Gabriel Wahlang said that the TMC's visit to Meghalaya is to overthrow the BJP-led government. He said that the mistake in electing leaders has caused the people to face problems in the last 5 years and he also compared the rule of the Congress Party in the state where the people live in peace without any conflict. He said that if the people elect him in this election, he will give hope to the job seekers, traders, self-employed and others.
The program will be held at the Nongur Football Ground from 8:30 pm for both boys and girls.
The new cases include EGH: 17, EJH: 13, EKH: 242, NGH: 18, RBD: 54, SGH: 09, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 18, WGH: 105, WJH: and WKH: 51.
At the same time, he said that some people say that the government has borrowed Rs 1800 crore for Focus+ but it is only Rs 400 crore.
The ceremony was attended by ASSA President JU Kharpuri, SDO Amlarem Civic Sub Division, Acting President P Pakyntein, General Secretary Ma Dap Tariang, Sports Secretary Ma W Khyriem and others.
In the 2nd division match between Ryntih and Laitumkhrah, Ryntih beat Laitumkhrah 2-0
Nongpoh: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, on Tuesday said that since the state government has issued an order to evacuate all the students from the state, who have been stranded in other states. The District Authorities of Ri Bhoi District have taken action to provide protection to those youths from the district.
On the other hand, the farmers, speaking to the media, expressed their regret and regret over the sudden drop in the price of synsar compared to previous years as the price was T.150/- In 2024, the price of synsar will reach only T.30/- per kilo and even T.40 per kilo. who expressed that they don't want to collect the synsar from their fields.
Let us look a little at evil and death.
Can they see the kingdom of God? Thomas Jerman Jones, who arrived in Ri Khasi in 1870, went to work as a missionary first in Jowai after being sent to Shillong. the country.
According to the report, the road will be completed in the next 10 days.
On the other hand, he said that the Meghalaya government does not listen to the complaints of the people living on the border, because when there are any demands from the people, the Meghalaya government does not listen at all. you are many many years old.
Speaking on the occasion, KL Pariat President JPWDMW&LU said that the MDA government has agreed to increase the salary from T.196/day to T.300/day and the government will pay the new salary from March
It is worth mentioning that these members of the KSU, without knowing where they started to hold the rally, but they gathered together at Motphran.
He said this while talking to reporters after the confirmation meeting of the NPP Nartiang Block Committee on Thursday at Iawpynsin, Wahiajer.
It is alleged that this money also goes into the pockets of those people who claim to be politicians.
Mini Angwanwadi Workers will receive Rs 750 and Helpers will receive Rs 500 from 1st March
The wages should be doubled from the 100 days scheme for one year, she also demanded that the government should take a census of all those who lost their jobs through the old demonetisation and MPYC President Richard Marak said in a statement that the MPYC President Richard Marak has decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue.
The 18 kilometer bridge will be one of the tallest bridges in India and will connect Assam and Meghalaya and will connect Assam and Meghalaya. spread the word throughout the area.
The Sohra Challenge, in a statement issued by its Chairman, Bah Batista Khongphai, has expressed its regret to see that the mountain landslide in Sohra is still rampant despite the hard work of government departments. to protect and preserve the forests.
However, the main reason is their protection of the foreigners or the authorities.
After the end of the 69 weeks, the longest period came, the time when God punished the Israelites for their transgression, and at the same time, the time we are living in now is the time. God's reconciliation to the Gentiles through his Son Jesus Christ.
Rymmai also quoted the words of poet Soso Tham, “Shi Khrum Ka Bneng, the people of the world speak one language, from sunrise to sunset we are the children of 7 Trep”.
Many of them have escaped the law because there is no explanation for the crime.
Therefore, the High Court accepted the bail application of the woman, but also imposed conditions.
This was announced in a statement sent by H. Pariong, General Secretary.
Myngken Christian HSS (Ri Bhoi) beat Rangthong Christian HSS (South West Khasi Hills) 5-0 with Alicestar Thangkhiew (29,30 & 40) scoring a hat-trick.
He will have to contest against the NPP candidate, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang who has recently resigned as MLA from the constituency.
As the Minister of State, he also promised to work together for the conservation of these birds and the time will come when if these birds can be protected, the area will become a tourist destination. which will benefit the income generation of the community and the state as a whole.
The 62-day Shri Amarnath Yatra will end on 31st July,
The protest was held to demand the appointment of a full-time DMHO in the district and to expedite the construction and opening of a 100 bed hospital.
With this victory, Maw U-Tieng have earned six points from four games and lost the chance to qualify for the semi final of Group-B. In the second match, Synroplang 77 beat Ïasnohktilang Madanrting FC 1-0 to win their first victory in the tournament.
The Non Gazetted Employees' Association (NGEA) of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GEA) has extended the deadline of seven days to release the outstanding salaries of up to 32 months of employees.
Shillong: A 4-year-old girl, who is 4 years old, has lost her life when a house, which owns a shop, collapsed. The incident occurred at 3 pm in Bakur, West Jaintia Hills.
When asked whether there is a request from their side to end the protest, Babu Mayborn said that even if there is a reason, they will not work anymore, but to stand firm on the issue of production. the law has implemented their demand or we will continue to protest'
“Mardona, when the team is right, he wins,” said Bah Pynshngain.
Anfield, July 27: Liverpool manager Virgil van Dijk has said Jurgen Klopp's decision to step down as Liverpool manager at the end of the season “is difficult and unacceptable. ".
“This Act will come into force only if the District Councils want to give their approval to the government,” said Bah Syiem.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Minister of PHE, Bah James Sylliang, MDC Mawhati Constituency, Bah BL Buam, ADGP, Bah AR Mawthoh. DIGP, Bah HL Nongpluh IGP, CP Gotmare DC Ri Bhoi, Ramesh Singh SP Ri Bhoi, police officers, government officials, Rangbah Shnongs and thousands of people of the area.
Shillong: KHNAM MLA Adelbert Nongrum has urged the Prime Minister to take measures to suspend the examination scheduled to be held by the North Eastern Hill University (NEHU).
Bah Païa said that although he was allowed to take part in the Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, the committee has announced the rules to be implemented on this day to make it easier for the people to take part.
He said that in the years since he was elected as the leader of the constituency, he has tried his best to work hard for the development of the constituency. The construction of the National Highway from Nongstoin-Rambrai to Kyrshai, is the work of his hard work.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: MeECL employees under the banner of MeECL on Tuesday vowed to stop working and continue their strike. during working hours while the management of MeECL has not yet paid their salaries.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said, “For the benefit of the state, We don't want such illegal activities to enter the state and it is the duty of the government to fight against drug trafficking.
He said that some of the prisoners of the murder group will be taken to another place, where they will be imprisoned separately.
The winner of the competition received a cash prize of T.1 lakh, the second T.50,000 and the third T.30,0
Bipin Kumar Ray (3/57) and Agreas Chamcham Sangma (3/72) were other top scorers for Meghalaya, while Mickey Marngar scored (1/33).
He said that the government will provide assistance for the construction of buildings at Pyrda, Ialong, in order to celebrate the Behdienkhlam festival in a proper manner and to promote culture.
He said that if the Khlieh Iewduh is not suitable, it will not be suitable because there is no cold storage.
Lambokstar said that in a statement, the party wants to send to the state government, “Because we understand clearly that within the government there are not only national parties, there are also national parties, paradoh parties. our brothers and sisters who are leaders.
This shocked him and he immediately dug the ground and found the body of the child.
Diana G. Sangma, MCD, EAC North Garo Hills District was the chief guest along with DSO Linza Fenny Syiem and other invitees.
The incident happened on Sunday night.
Besides, Ram also wants to act with Salman Khan and considers the actor as one of his favorite actors.
Therefore, it is the responsibility of the people of the country to revive the Rang and Thei Kynsai who have the knowledge of man and knowledge of God to come forward to restore the nation and the government which walks on the path of righteousness and truth.
They also said that in the past years from Mawlan to Langpih, if you walk in the evening especially in the evenings of Sunday, you will not find a single young child or an elderly person sitting along the road. From Mawlan to Langpih, there are young men who sit until dark and don't know who they are waiting for. The presence of these young men in every place along the road has caused a lot of trouble.
In a letter sent to the Secretary, Sambormi Lyngdoh, Sambormi Lyngdoh said that regarding some of the issues related to the SOPs according to the Office Memorandum of the Government of Meghalaya, Vide No.25 dated 5th March 2021 has affected the owners as well as the workers of the coal mines who are the owners of the village.
When the body is hot during the rainy season, these types of foods reduce the body temperature and help reduce the rise in body temperature.
It is learned that the office of Block Pynursla, has conducted only once in the village, but in many places, including the two banks, where there are single people ( quarantine), Bank Nongkyndong and Apex Bank, have conducted the disinfection at the expense of the village and on Tuesday, all four banks have been disinfected again at the expense of the village. of the village.
If the authorities sleep on this issue, and if our people are just hungry, and bewitched, the problem will get worse as time goes on.
Such a full moon appearance causes the sea levels to rise higher and these incidents happened in 2004 and also on 10th July
When we left, there were tribes from the Karbi tribe who came out with knives and sticks without allowing us to talk about what we wanted to talk about. they threw us down and bombed us.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader and Minister of State, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday said that the selection of candidates for the Lok Sabha elections will be completed within this month. .
If this happens, the villages in Pynursla area will become model villages and the Garden of Eden of Meghalaya as promised by Prestone during his election canvass. don't fight.
It has been established since the 11th century. Its boundaries are as follows:- East to north (Jaintiapur, Bangladesh). Bangladesh), east of Gobha.
He played the song and music immediately after the Independence Speech of the first Prime Minister of India, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru.
Shillong, July 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of North Tura MLA Thomas A Sangma today launched the Payment for Ecosystem Services (PES) Scheme and distributed checks to producer groups. FOCUS program at SMELC office, Tura today.
“There has been an attempt to defame the BJP as anti-Christian.
Nongpoh: The driver of a Muid truck (AS-25EC-0383) has been seriously injured while four of his friends, who were inside the truck, escaped without injuries.
Suddenly on Saturday morning, Israel was attacked by members of the Palestinian militant group Hamas, marking the beginning of a clash that has lasted to this day.
The money was received from the ADB to support Meghalaya.
The Deccan Herald in its issue of 3.8.2023 has shown how these members have been trained. Even the Superintendent of Police Darrang District has admitted that two persons known as Bijoy have been arrested. Ghosh and Gopal Boro who taught at the Maharishi Vidhya Mandir School in Mangaldoi.
“For the jobs in Group B and C categories, NEIGRIHMS should allocate at least 80% reservation for the youth of Meghalaya,” he said.
Greetings, my friends, My friends of childhood; I don't forget you, I remember you, Even though the nations are gone.
He said the United States is deeply concerned about this and said the case will be handed over to the US Department of Justice to investigate the involvement of an Indian in connection with the incident. the attempt to kill the leader of the Sikhs who demanded Khalistan.
Hooid, now that I'm old, I don't drink 1/2 bottle every day, only in the evening before dinner, just to eat Ja-jingtahmiet, while in buaid – money doesn't have a limit, it's the Plapei tyngngian doesn't work anytime soon, because it works 24 hours a day.
At the same time, Bah Pynïaid said that the VPP leaders are only high-ranking, while their brains are controlled from West Bengal.
On the arrest of Bah Phai, HYC Leader Nickson Dohling said that the police have not been able to arrest him until today despite the fact that they have lodged a complaint since 13th October. Dohling said that most of the time the police say 'don't take the law into your own hands' “I don't know what they have done, but we are proud that it is through the hard work of the HYC troops that we have been able to arrest this man, who has deceived the youth of the country,” said Nickson Dohling.
“We also discussed outstanding issues such as the ILP, the recognition of the Khasi language and the MRSSA (Amendment) Bill, 2020 where the Symbud Myntri Rangbah informed that the Government is following up on this issue.
After this score, Friends United struggled to turn the tide but did not succeed until the end. Through this score, Rympei PIP became the winner this year.
To apply for these scholarships, students are encouraged to visit the website links of these three scholarships.
“MDCs of various political parties will attend the meeting tomorrow,” said the general secretary of the UDP. from which she gave before.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The State Government has decided to sign a new Public-Private Partnership (PPP) mode for the construction of the long awaited Shillong Medical College.
Shillong: U Badonkupar Synnah has won the light welterweight 60-63.5kg category on the second day of the 7th Elite Men's National Boxing Championship. This was held at SAI Indoor Hall, Shillong.
Regarding the Assam border crossing, it was said that the Ri Bhoi Police, in the past few days, have raided the area, in order to stop the construction of the road, because The residents of the area have strongly opposed the construction of the road by the Assam government, but now it is said that yesterday, the people of Assam came to implement the road. road inside Umshalani village.
The incident occurred on 3rd October 2021 in the Tempakul River, East Kalimantan.
Veterinary scored the first goal in the 80+2 minutes through Riewwympher Syngkon.
“I can say how since we were children we came from a family that was not a leadership family, we looked, we followed in the footsteps of my father, Bah Peter G Marbaniang.
Two filmmakers from Manipur, Mayanglangbam Romi Meitei and Saikhom Ratan, have died on the second day of the tragic incident in Manipur. On 17th March, they won the award at the 69th National Film Awards held in New Delhi.
The District Council is not only the distributor of trading licenses to increase the budget but it should show its own authority. If the KHADC is still silent, it doesn't make sense to admit that we are maintaining our ownership of the land.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will seek clarification from the state government before sending a proposal for the allocation of T.109 crore for the purpose of in the year 2014-2
They said that although they have no objection to the good intention of the state government to upgrade the Umroi Airport, but the sad thing is that the state government has done without giving enough time to them. lum the tum that tam.
According to an order issued by the DC of East Khasi Hills District, Meghalaya, on 14th July 2021, no shopkeepers will be allowed to open their shops unless they have received a permit. Covid-19 vaccine and also to the drivers of public transport vehicles to get the covid-19 vaccine before they start working.
The nine persons who signed the letter sent to the Nongpoh PS, have understood that they have made a mistake in committing this act of driving under the NH-6 and which falls within the boundary of Jyntru village in Ri Bhoi, but through this letter sent to the Police, they have expressed their concern that they are no longer willing to do such a thing.
Bah Mayrald Born, said that the Nongtluh area is famous for the production of Jain Ryndia, which is made by the Longkmie who live in the villages in the area. It is also a strong producer of Niangryndia.
Other reports said that six foreigners without proper documents have been arrested from the mynder checkpoint in Byrnihat and Garo Hills. Five persons were arrested in Rongjeng, East Garo Hills on Tuesday and these are undocumented and deported to Assam.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : Rangdajied United have qualified for the semifinals of the Meghalaya State League 2023 after beating Rymbai Iawpynsing 3-0 in Group B on Saturday. Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Friday.
As soon as he got home, Bah Shanbor told him everything that had happened at the house of their sister Lydia.
Speech was also delivered by Alison Kharsyntiew who expressed his happiness by saying that this will help to encourage many youngsters or retired football players to be able to to sit for the examinations of these two subjects mentioned above.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah DP Wahlang, IAS Chief Secretary, congratulated the athletes who have brought fame and glory to the state through these tournaments and wished them to continue to work hard so that they can become better. play well and win.
Thus, it is clear that the entire land belongs to the government and not to anyone including those who stay with the HPC,” said the HYC in the petition.
Nongpoh: A few days after the MLA of Mawhati, Dasakhitbha Lamare, led the elders of the Tiwa (Lalung) community before the Prime Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today , Ribhoi District, has expressed its strong opposition to the demand of the Mawhati MLA, saying that the HYC itself wants that in Meghalaya only Hynniewtrep and Garo can become members of the HYC. Indigenous Peoples and those who are entitled to receive recognition as Schedule Tribes from the State Government.
The drugs were seized from 51 cases registered and seized in the past few months from East Khasi Hills District. There are 10 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in West Khasi Hills District and 14 cases in West Jaintia Hills District.
The trucks carrying coal are overloaded and some don't have Challans and some don't have GST.
Low income affects schooling or access to adequate health care.
The CBI said the raids were conducted at 19 places including Assam, Imphal, Delhi, Bihar and Haryana and at the residences of the arrested; The CBI has also seized T.1.02 crore from these places.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister said that the health department has come to collect the names and examine the names of about 36 primary contacts from the village and the report has been received so far. you haven't arrived yet.
The President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the party in the state cannot do anything because it does not have a single MLA. He met with BJP leaders in Delhi these days.
Two persons who claimed to be from Assam, Dr Baharul Islam and Tuni Das, have sent a letter to the General Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Donald V Thabah regarding their demand for Inner Line Permit ( ILP).
“He has just passed class XII, he should look for a job or go to work,” said the mother.
They burnt a portrait of Modi and strongly condemned him and demanded the immediate repeal of the CAB.
The Ayushman Bharat PM-JAY has provided assistance to 5.7 crore hospitals worth more than Rs 70,000 crore.
:The music video of the new album, “Kliar”, by the band 'Summersalt', was released on November 14, this year.
Jowai, 24 Naiwieng: The Dorbar Tlang of JHADC started today at 10 am and ended at 10:40 am without any agenda except for questions and answers. official report.
Wahiajer Presbyterian Secondary School celebrated its 50th Anniversary on Tuesday.
A briefing on the Nashamukt Bharat Abhiyan, which is a scheme of the Central Government to reduce drug abuse, was also explained by J.Synnah, District Social Welfare Officer, West Jaintia Hills.
This forest is a gift to us by our ancestors who had a vision to preserve the drinking water and the plants, the wild plants, the wildflowers, the wildflowers such as the soh brap. , the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, the fig tree, and all the flowers of the field that grow in their seasons.
To improve the income of the people, the Cabinet on 11th July 2023, approved the Tourism Policy
No casualties were reported in the incident. Police have recovered ammunition and bullets from the scene.
Shullai also requested the Minister to assist in obtaining NOC for many roads in Shillong to help reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
About 10,000 thousand people have been evacuated from several villages where the storm has identified the earthquake and many towns and villages have lost drinking water and power. electricity supply since the storm in the past few days.
Besides working with the Deputy Commissioners, the District Committees will also include members from Government departments such as Urban Affairs, Soil & Water Conservation, Basin and Water Resources Departments in order to implement a successful Action Plan. for each district.
On this occasion, Dr. Mukul strongly criticized the working methods of the state government by saying, “You have seen the protests by many employees of various departments against the expression of grievances. in the government.
The smuggling of cattle from India to Bangladesh is that all the costs will be borne by the Bangladeshi trader, while the Indian smuggler will be the sole supplier of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 10: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has been issued a show cause notice by the Election Commission of India (ECI) for allegedly disrupting the campaign rally of the National People's Party (NPP).
These plastic bags are also a way for people to take and throw garbage in them and to throw away at will.
I am just fortunate that by the grace of God, I am still strong.
“Therefore, we have decided to take a break while we wait for the outcome of the meeting between the Prime Minister and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare on that date.
The people could not give what they had because they were in trouble.
Police have launched further investigations to find out the reason for the intention of these foreigners to enter parts of the country through the border areas.
As soon as the fire broke out, the fire brigade arrived from Jowai to extinguish the fire and prevent it from spreading to other nearby shops. .
Shillong, March 2: Two political leaders who demanded Garo and Khasi Jaintia states have passed away.
“Chatterjee, who has been in jail since 23rd November last year, has filed a bail application saying that he has been in custody for a long time and that the raid and seizure has been carried out. depth.
In the latest news, the MET department has ordered the helicopter not to fly if the weather is bad.
In a statement, KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that many times it has been seen that the Election Department is the source of development for foreigners in the state. “U P Naik” has alleged that from time to time, the Sengbhalang has found that he is the same person who has this intention. “It's a good idea to increase the number of foreigners on the Electoral Roll of the state,” said Bah Daniel Khyriem. Officer.
At the same time, they should also demonstrate their power and authority and seek all the statistics because they represent the people.
The ancients said that under the moon there are people who plant rice and many believe that it is so.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the people's feelings just talking about politics is something that needs to change because the state demands a lot of work to be done through khadar rule for them. He said that as a party they have a good goal and aspiration for the state.
THEY HAVE TO GO TO GARO LAND AND PLAY CASINO, THEY ARE THE PARTY WHO WON, THE UNEXPLAINED PERFORMANCE WILL COME IN 2023, THERE WILL BE NO PEACE SHUHki expect that 20 will not win 6 seats from Khasi and 4 seats from Garo, according to the current unjust rule, the people have been shocked.
you are surprising people right now.
However, regarding the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, I have come to inspect, I have seen and understood that there are many needs that the government has to take care of.
Nongstoiñ, June 16: The residents of Mawlieh Rambrai area have expressed their deep sorrow over the lack of development works and the backwardness of the entire Mawlieh area which falls under the Rambrai area.
“Dad follows behind us.
In agriculture and livestock farming, more specialized technology is needed.
It needs to be cut at least twice.
The Government has not taken any measures to reduce the number of private vehicles in Shillong.
The court also sentenced him to five years imprisonment and a fine of T.5000 under Section 506 of the IPC and six months imprisonment if he fails to pay the fine.
On the eve of the swearing-in ceremony of the National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad Sangma on October 7, BJP State President Ernest Mawrie said: He said that Conrad has appointed two MLAs in the new Cabinet.
Such rulers will indeed be the most skilled or knowledgeable rulers in the state or the country as a whole.
The Mizoram government, on July 30, has ordered that only those who have been injected should open shops or do any work with shopkeepers and others. do not inject corona.
For the first time, the West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WJHDEF) celebrated the Children's Day (Children's Day) at Sahsniang today.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the price of PDS in the district has been revised according to the price.
Before the existence of St Anthony's College, it would be helpful to know that only a few children of the rich and wealthy had the opportunity to study in colleges like Gauhati, Kolkata or elsewhere. the state of East Bengal, now known as Bangladesh.
He said that until the investigation is completed, all work in the Legislative Assembly will be suspended.
Eighty percent of the population is literate.
The Sordar said that this is no longer a surprise, but it has already existed before the incident of the woman from Umlynghong village but the people do not take note of this.
These jhurs have been harvested since October.
This is the first sanad to empower the Sordar of this village after 32 years of the establishment of the Sordar rule in this village in
Prof SS Majaw, who reviewed the book, said that Mawpat, Mawtawar, Mawlai and Nongrah are ancient villages because they did not exist before the city came. Shillong Spirit.
However, despite all these difficulties, as teachers, they are truly those workers who have dedicated their bodies and souls for the sake of the young children and students to be the future of the country. and the nation.
In the Women's Badminton category, the students of St. Anthony's College, Shillong came first and the students of Shillong College came second. .
Banpynshailang Nongkhlaw from Khatarshnong Block won the Best Goalkeeper award and Rickystar Dkhar from Mawlai Block won the Best Player award in the men's category.
The name of Bah Mit was removed from the Mawshyieng by the sacrifices and rituals of Bah David Lamin, the count.
This has not brought any benefit to the people although the government receives revenue from a few officials but most of the people do not receive anything except those who drive cars and quarry.
From the past, we have been running the household and at the same time, we have been going to the Lok Sabha”.
Shillong, Nailar 19 : The State Police have decided to investigate whether a newly formed rebel group, the National Liberation Council of Villages (HNLC) is involved in the extortion of money in the name of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). .
There will also be thunderstorms and storms, with wind speeds between 40 and 50 kilometers per hour.
However, due to the rapid development of technology, the public who do not yet understand or know the rules and duties of proper journalists, began to follow.
Sorilang Marboh was elected as the President and Lanosha Kharpiah was elected as the President and Vice President.
The workshop was attended by Khasina doctors from different parts of the state, Martin Luther University, UMLCU, NEHU and others.
The 5th Pay Commission has suggested to pay 10 lakh equal to all government employees but even until another Pay Commission (6th Pay Commission), the teachers are still in a state of shock.
The suspect was identified as Romeo Synrem, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai and a local taxi driver.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 28: The Shillong Traffic Police and the Enforcement Police of the Transports Department on Tuesday continued to search for motorcycles and two wheelers passing around Shillong.
Man has that blood which is called groupism.
Indian bowler Mohammed Siraj has continued to climb to the top of the ICC rankings among ODI bowlers. They took six wickets in the final of the Asia Cup.
Up to 17 boys and girls from the Meghalaya Swimming Association (MSA) have left the state to take part in the 3rd Himalayan Swimming Meet 2023 to be held on the 26th of this month. month in Sikkim.
““According to the NIPEP report, there have been 23 incidents of dam failure in India from 1960-2010 with high loss of life and death toll. We don't want the same thing to happen in our state,” said the Forum.
There are 12,451 SSA teachers in the state.
“It may also be recalled that the polling in Sohiong will be held on the 10th of June, while the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of the same month.
Speaking to media, RBYO President BG Lapang said that the JAC will not stop fighting as long as it can to ensure that the government will not be able to hold the Cherry Blossom Festival on the day. You are God.
The Court said that the weight of the goods and the weight of the vehicle should be in such a way that the highways can be maintained and that they do not collapse or collapse more quickly as at present.
This happened between November and June each year.
The scheme was supervised and implemented by Mynjurlang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Village Water and Sanitation Committee. implement.
Other additional crops include riewhadem, shriew, phankaro, malu mala, jhur, sohkhia and other crops such as village chickens, broiler chickens and coroilers but there is a lot of loss due to the high mortality rate.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñlang N Syiem, said that they cannot rename the constituency as Laitkroh has already been prepared to be abolished and there is no thought on this change. to the name.
In a video circulating on social media, a young child was seen drowning and carried to the sea while playing near the water with friends in Devon, United Kingdom.
He has been able to be at the national level even without training since childhood.
The screening of the Jaintia film “Ka Chithi” will be held from the 7th to the 12th of this month at the Soso Tham Auditorium Shillong at 2 pm, 4:15 pm and 6 pm. :30 janmiet This film directed by leading filmmaker Kong Simi Khongthiang has already received recognition across the country.
Chamling said the Financial Bill, 2023 violates the provisions of Article 371F which is one of the foundations of Sikkim's accession to India in
And as it is now, we have seen that the Assam government has dared to cross the border to Psiar and Khatkasla, and even to Wah Myntang they are still willing to come.
The Meghalaya Games has not been immune from such challenges.
“The archery is the most popular sport and is the life of thousands of children in every village, Raij and Hima.
Sources said that the money through the Forest Department of KHADC has now been lost and the money has reached T.16 lakh.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Lambor said the Governor will first review the Bill and will have to seek further clarification on some issues.
In this regard, the Sordar of Mawryngkneng, Bah Peter Lawai, has directed the Officer in Charge of Mawryngkneng PS to patrol the cemeteries in Mawryngkneng. these places.
After a while they started to build the house until it was completed at a cost of Rs.100525 tyngka and all this cost was spent by the VO in the cooperation of all. The SHGs within the VO. Ka Pynbha VO on 28.01.2023 handed over this house to Kong Mahiia Sajem who held a meeting on the ground floor of the house.
Mary Christine Wriang won the gold medal in the 16-year-old category, Anita Rai won the bronze medal in the 19-year-old category and Alphonsa won the medal in the 19-year-old category. Zinia Wriang won the silver medal in the Under 15 category and Arnold Kharbyngar won the gold medal in the Under 13 category.
They are no longer the same.
The Dorbar Shnong also requests the Chief Secretary to immediately relocate the Assam Police/Battalion Camp.
He also questioned that if they have worked hard for the resolution of the border, they should reveal the facts by showing how many memoranda they have written to the central government, to inform about the problem. the people in the border towns gathered.
During the inspection, we have witnessed with our own eyes that Assam has come to provide good roads in the area and we will have to accept those development works, but the land will remain the property of Meghalaya. “Because in the border villages, development works should not be stopped, whether it is from Meghalaya or Assam, but when it comes to the land of Shyiap, it will fall in Meghalaya,” he said.
We urge the Prime Minister to take action on this issue which has been pending for a long time and to implement it immediately.
“We have been serving the state for 150 years but whenever there is an election they come to vote, we aim but when we face problems they don't come forward to help us,” he said.
“We have seen that the MLA has only threatened in the media that he has taken action on this bill and we have also seen that he has ordered the NPP MPs to oppose the CÀB in Parliament. The MP from Tura constituency, who is the owner of the Prime Minister's constituency, has strongly supported the CAB Bill introduced by Home Minister Amit Shah.
“Don’t say that we are the same.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: In a statement sent by the Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society, Bishop's House, Jowai Diocese Lumbih syntu, Rev. Manbha Pakem said that the Public Health Center (PHC) Barato has been completed. The Hills Development Society, has been delighted to receive a treatment center at this PHC for people suffering from TB (Tuberculosis).
He is one of the 20 students who have been selected for a four-year term with a scholarship.
He said that the cause of the fire is unknown and according to information received, some people say it was an electrical fault and others say it was a fault. It is said that the gas cylinder is burning.
During the inspection, Kong BS Mukhim said that the closure of shops is to allow the shopkeepers to improve their shops due to the unsafe storage of meat as it is now.
The UDP, through Bah Kitbotlang Nongtdu, is surprised that if they ban the coal trucks, why don't they ban the dewbilat trucks? the election commissioners, or perhaps, there is another reason?"
The Secretary of the KJPBA, Bah Andy Lyngdoh, said that the KJPBA has taken this decision after it has found it difficult to meet the demand for pork which has been increasing since the importation of hogs from out of state is prohibited.
Their minds have reached the point where they don't understand the difference between opposition and propaganda and this has shamed the country as a whole, until it has become difficult to watch or listen,” he said. Charcoal.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84534 out of which 82764 have recovered and 1474 have died.
The Principal Secretary (Home) KS Kropha said that the attendance at the Secretariat and other directorates is 50 per cent.
For the first time, the United Kingdom has found a baby born with the DNA of three people.
In Dkhar, you have a sickle.
However, the most dangerous thing for young people who are addicted to drugs is when they drink it, the first thing that affects them is their mental health, where they don't know who they are anymore. that they may do all manner of works that are pleasant to hear and to hear.
In the final, Nongpoh Town Club won the toss and elected to bat first and scored 113 runs in 16.5 overs for the loss of all wickets.
On the other hand, Secretary Ryan Phanbuh congratulated and expressed his gratitude to the MLA who donated a table, chairs and chairs for the office.
Lyngdoh said he doesn't know who brought it, that a special session is needed to discuss this issue and he said that this issue needs to be discussed first. in the best place, we will look back from there.
Y Tresing, Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, held a meeting in Delhi on Tuesday and three names came up.
It is also prohibited to seize vehicles passing through the area and to carry weapons to Motphran and Harijan Colony.
The Shillong Traffic Police Department has also visited various schools in East Khasi Hills District and villages to help explain to the public about the Zebra Crossing which protects them when they are driving. across the street.
In the final of the women's and men's doubles which was held last night.
Include protein and other antioxidants : To strengthen the immune system it is necessary to include more protein and antioxidants in your diet.
The protest was also in protest against the police robbery at Jamia Millia Islamia University.
Among them, Pynïaiddame Pale was appointed as the dealer.
So in the evenings, inside their tents, the workers began to think of how to escape this relentless overwork.
Therefore, we have been able to overcome the biggest challenge we have faced in mining coal scientifically and legally in the State”.
He also promised to promote tourism as well as to provide more roads in those areas where there are no roads.
The issue raised by the MLA of Umroi Constituency, Bah George B Lyngdoh was on the collapse of the Dwar Ksuid Bridge and the collapse of the highways due to the overloading of trucks passing through the bridge. or the streets every day.
However, as they are dirt roads as soon as the rainy season comes, they are no longer roads and no vehicles can pass except during the rainy season, only four wheel trucks.
The winners of the tournament were Bazely Rymbai who won first place in the open category, Elhannan Jason Syiem who won first place in the Rookie category and Samla Isynei Hinge who won second place.
Nehemiah told the Jewish people that Jerusalem was left desolate and its gates had been burned with fire. .
Speaking on the occasion, Deputy CEM KHADC in South West Khasi Hills, Bah PT Sawkmie, Deputy CEM KHADC, said that this is for the benefit of the people of the area. to come to the crowd.
“We are happy that the magistrates have lodged a police complaint against us, we hope that the magistrates will do the same as Mukul Sangma said that we are all equal before the law. and also to the robbers so that they too can be brought to justice,” said Agnes.
Alexander Khinshtein, the speaker of the Russian parliament, said police saw a Renault car driving at high speed in Bryansk, northeast. of Moscow, 340 km from Moscow, on the same night and when the police stopped, it did not stop.
“We will look into the procedures and the applications and the Central Election Committee (CEC) will consider and take a decision,” he said.
The protection and permission of the community leaders to the Hehspah coal traders to do whatever they want to mine and transport to Nongstoiñ through this road, while the people of the area suffer especially during the rainy season.
The term of office of this council shall not be less than 1 year or 3 years.
“We must always look at the good and not the bad and work together with the rulers, whether in the village or in the hima, in order to bring about sustainable development.
“The KSU has not yet accepted the railway line to the state.
The Rangbah Shnongs also expressed their surprise that the government has been able to extend the dorbar synrai for only a few minutes and that too to speak only for the sake of the market but the issues that should have been discussed have been thrown behind. speak for the life and death of the nation.
A research rocket launched by the Swedish Space Corp. on Monday morning from the Esrange Space Center in northern Sweden crashed about 15km (9.32 miles) away. ) into the Norwegian border that day.
Shillong, July 4: The Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya, which includes the Dorbar of the Chiefs of Meghalaya, the Federation of Khasi States, the Sirdarships, the Dolloi and the Council of Nokma, has met today. On 4th July 2013, the Ministry of Home Affairs sent a letter to the Chief Secretary, D.O.No.9/10/2012-NE-1 Dated 18th November 2012, which sought the opinion of the Government of Meghalaya on the demand of the Chief Executive Members to have their own Council through the Fourth Schedule without parties or without political parties as stipulated. on 29th April 1949, and on the amendment of many provisions of the Sixth Schedule Amendment Bill 2013 of the Constitution of India, including the KHADC Village Administration Bill The KHADC will hold the next session.
Shillong, July 12 : U Gilbert Nongrum today said that he and other TMC leaders from Umsning Constituency have decided to resign from the party.
“They cannot play like this and they cannot act unbelievingly who have no responsibility.
She said that according to the MP's speech, it shows that he is concerned and farsighted about the unemployment of the youth of Ri-Khasi-Jaintia. for the development of Ri-Khasi Jaintia, education, roads, health, what he has done for the youth,” said the statement.
Apandanka Marak continued to perform well in the U-16 boys' Vijay Merchant Trophy to score a hat-trick against Arunachal Pradesh on Tuesday in Cuttack.
Bah George B.Lyngdoh said that he is pleased to know that this organization has been serving for 25 years since its inception and he understands clearly as expressed by the leaders that The purpose of this organization is to serve the people of Ri Bhoi.
Therefore, where can we get our food and drink free from chemicals?
The time has come for the electorate not to elect leaders on the basis of parties but on the basis of personality or working methods.
Besides the removal of speed breakers, which have caused too much traffic jam, the district administration will also change the traffic rules in Jowai in some ways to improve the roads in Jowai.
Secondly: “It has also violated the rules of procedure of the UPSC. three: In 2019, it has decided that any appointments will be made by conducting a written test and personal interview.
Shillong, Jymmang 19 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on Tuesday said that many people think that he is humble in terms of leadership. the law is the law.
Shillong: The Iawpaw Adventures & Tourism Association (IATA) has filed a complaint in the Meghalaya High Court against the implementation of AR in the KHADC. She has urged the Meghalaya government to take action to maintain the Mawtynhiang Crematorium and also to develop tourism within the boundary of Nongbah and surrounding areas. provide assistance for the development of the area in tourism or other areas to bring about development in the area.
It is learned that the cause of the overturning was due to a collision in the sumo and also due to a burst rear tire of the sumo.
Nongpoh, July 08: Dozens of patients from Ri Bhoi District, including children and adults, have been forced to leave the Civil Hospital Nongpoh due to the lack of beds. sleep on the ground and balcony of the hospital.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of PWD (Roads) Bah Prestone Tynsong today informed the House that the Department has started purchasing land for the construction of the National Highway. 6 (NH-6) to the 4-Lane road or those that allow four vehicles to pass at the same time.
The Government has also set up training centers for children in various schools in the state in collaboration with the Sengs.
“To contest the MP election as an independent candidate is difficult, but I will see how it goes.
Shillong, June 16: The Managing Director of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) Sanjay Goyal has admitted that the MCCL does not have the money to pay the cement factory in Sohra. I have been working for nine months.
Not only that, Neymar also demands a special plane to travel when he needs, or when his family needs and then a pool, which is 10 meters wide and The house where he will live should have 25 rooms, where his family and friends will live together.
“Now that we have got our own state, we have the expectation that we will be ruled by Lyngdohs, Sangma, Marbaniang, Kharkongor and others.
JOWAI: The Executive Committee of the JHADC on Tuesday appointed Ma Lambert Swer as the Acting Dolloi of Rymbai District.
They said that the committee will also look after the welfare of the children in the Raid so that they can avoid various evils that affect the peace and order of the residents.
“We are confident that we will win more than the number we need,” said Dr. Don.
Besides Rohit Jain, they have invested in foreign companies Azure Enterprises Global Inc. and Eternal Enterprises Inc. which are based in the country.
Furthermore, in 2022, the AOG has also launched the “Hope, Happiness and Harmony” campaign to bring unity among the people – to support and love each other.
With the completion of the filing of the case, the members of the Committee will return to Shillong on November 1, 2022, said a statement from Bah Ribanroilang Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the Meghalaya Steering Committee. ) Mining Lease License Holder.
The campaign is also to facilitate the free movement of voters in Shillong on the polling day 19th June
The opening ceremony was attended by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing, Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Kitbok Rymbai, OR Shallam, former President of Seinraij Jowai, W Challam, mother of Challam. The elders of the Seiñraij Jowai, the relatives of Rina Challam, who donated the land for the construction of this Khnap Thang-bru.
The meeting discussed crime, safety and security and the emergence of fraud through the internet.
West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee has called for a dharna to protect the Constitution against the CBI's plan to investigate Rajeev Kumar, a police officer. The Kolkata Commissioner and Mamata have made it clear that this is an attempt to overthrow her government in West Bengal.
Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary, 6 Shnong Wah Lukha Association, congratulated the KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Ohibait Dkhar, the KSU Narpuh Circle under the leadership of Kwilnis Suchiang. JSU led by Lawyerson War, JSM led by Leningstar Rymbai, UHM led by Yoomeki Kyndait, STIEH, RUDS and others.
Even the Meghalaya High Court has given a holiday on Shad Nongkrem in honor of this unique custom and tradition of our people, said the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
“The intention of the opposition MPs to insult the Prime Minister has led the members to speak too much on this occasion.
“As the party leaders, we don't want any difference between the Khasi and Garo people, but we condemn the exploitation by selfish people, just for their own benefit,” they added.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, the leaders of the Presbyterian Church Nongthymmai expressed their deep gratitude after the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
We have seen the turning of the merchants into the rule of law and the conversion of the merchants to the politicians in power.
Some watch Youtube, some use WhatsApp and others don't know how to write.
The residents of East Jaintia Hills believe that the reason for the lack of water supply from the coal mine is because it has been distributed to other coal mines which have not been operated since the NGT closed down. .If the coal mines are distributed from one to another, the coal owners usually set a day to draw water on the same day, but if they draw water only from one crematorium, everything is the same as from others. and the cream shall flow into that one.
When asked whether any of the victims were relatives of Bah Lam, his mother said, “Both of them are relatives”.
Two Mixed Martial Arts stars from the State will prepare to take part in the WFC Yolo Carnival to be held at Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong on the 15th and 16th November
Through this programme, the government will provide grant of up to 75%, according to the rules of the scheme,” said the CM. and to start employment opportunities and also to encourage the establishment of self-employment in the state.
Rida began to prepare food for her mother.
Bishop P Lyngdoh said that the leaders of the state have a role to play for the welfare of the people of Meghalaya and India as a whole.
Lajong was led by coach Bah Alison Kharsyntiew who has been with Lajong for many years as assistant coach.
The garbage dump was stopped after the protest of the residents under the banner of the Nartiang Elaka Coordination Committee to dump garbage in Thadmusem.
Sawaka Kynjing of Khad Ar Daloi Law College, Jowai scored the first position with 63.27 per cent while Kajol Gurung of Shillong Law College scored 60.5 per cent. LL.B 6th Semester examination to be held in July
The union also said that there is a need for a Governor House in Jowai for the benefit of the people of Jaintia Hills. Jaintia and also for the welfare of society.
She urged the farmers to teach their educated children to return to agriculture, to take up agriculture as a means of income through their knowledge and skills.
“All 12 persons arrested recently include a retired police officer and four government servants.
The audition started on 28th November and will end on 28th November 2023. The audition will be held online for 70 points from the judges and 30 points from the views and likes.
Furthermore, as usual every year, well-known schools such as St Edmund's HS School and St Anthony's HS School have made it to the Top
Thank youHow does it affect the studentsHow does it affect the students.
Thank you very much to those who have helped others especially those who have donated blood, donated blood, built houses and other small donations as well.
He wants to continue to fight until the end of the world that cannot be.
Leaders of the Union of Village Authorities, Hima Nongmynsaw, today met with Bah Garod LSN Dykes, Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills, to remind him in writing, to inform the Village Authority of Hima Nongmynsaw. The government, that the people of the area have urged the government to complete the boundary settlement in the Langpih sector.
Shillong: The Ministry of Women and Child Development (MoWD) has reduced the share of nutritional supplements to poor women by 10 percent due to the shortage of women. poor without Aadhar, children from birth to 6 years in the state.
The Israelites could not become that Kingdom of Priests because as soon as they escaped from Egypt from the hands of Pharaoh, they turned away from God.
“The announcement of the Year of Farmers will be made later, which may be next year,” he said.
He said that the purchase of equipment in the constituency has been done by the Implementation Committee as directed by the Urban Affairs Department and all the necessary documents have been submitted to the Shillong Municipal Board.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: Bala Devi has joined Odisha FC for the upcoming Indian Women's League.
For that which is born of the Spirit is spirit” (John 3:5-6).
Young people of Hynniewtrep, remember to use the Khasi alphabet properly so that the Khasi language will survive and the Government of India will recognize it in the Sixth Schedule.
Supporters of the VPP Mawsynram carrying banners turned to the residence of Mawsynram MLA, Bah Ollan Suiñ.
He recalled that at the General Council held in 1997, (L) Clifford Marak, the founder of the GNC, and his colleagues came to join.
The Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASTOM) will hold a General Meeting on the 7th of this month at New Nongstoiñ Stadium, Football Ground (Opp.
The NSCN (IM) in a statement today said that in the past 20 years, there have been many violations of the ceasefire by the army.
They may be sad because they didn't win, but they don't criticize the winner.
Meirad Desi was one of the strongest opponents of the mining of uranium in Wahkaji area in the 1990s and she was also a collaborator of (Late) Ma ieit Hoping and the KSU. We will continue to follow a strong foundation and a good example,” said the KSU South West Khasi Hills.
In honor and respect for Bah Beriwell Kyndiah, a song composed and sung by him through the Shillong station of All India Radio reminds us that righteousness is the greatest and most important. In the world, wealth, fame, and position are nothing.
Nehru said there was an invitation from the UDP and the Congress party to talk to him about his intention after retiring from the government. “I have sent a letter to the UDP and the Congress to show that my intention after retirement is to contest the election,” he said. Nehru Suting, current Director of Commerce and Industries.
Years ago, we didn’t hear the names of Indigenous people being involved in drug sales or use.
Some say that this place was known as the land of Canaan and its capital, Eglon, which later became known as the land of Judah, founded by David.
The conference, which will be held at Royapuram, Arivagam, Chennai, has been called the Conference Against Fascist Brahminism.
The moderator of the Synod shall interrupt the speaker.
“Besides, the place where the BSF troops search the vehicles is not on the border and it is regrettable that the duty of the BSF troops who should patrol the border is to search the vehicles on the roads. and in towns far from border towns.
In the work of ruling, God gives wisdom to the wise (not the wisdom of this world, but the wisdom of God).
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed 35 kilos per household at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed 5 kilos per head per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per household per month at a wholesale price of Rs.10.77 per kilo and a wholesale price of Rs.11.34 per kilo.
The meeting was accompanied by Samla Leningrad Tariang, Organizing Secretary, Jaintia District Unit.
It will be held in Kerala, Trivandrum from 26th to 29th March,
Two-year-old Tanusha Hajong has lost her life in an earthquake in Samarthi village in South West Garo Hills district.
On the lack of order in the MDC residence, Bah Teiñwell also mentioned the lack of cleanliness in the residence and the need to repair the parts that need to be repaired.
The MSPCB's report came after an inspection with the District Council on 10th November after the court ordered that the rules should be strictly implemented even in relation to the Moon View Cafe, Ri-Shar. M/s Megha Automative LLP, M/s Highland Toyota and M/s Rockland Motors LLP. The report said that the strict rules should also be implemented. and other Hotels and Resorts surrounding the Umiam Dam.
A woman identified as Bethel Rani, has been arrested for allegedly stealing a golden sati from the Khasi Market in Motphran, Shillong on the eve of Christmas this December.
The International Yoga Dal was held at Gladden Tower Hall, Nongpoh, where hundreds of youths came to take part in the Yoga training.
He also congratulated his supporters although the constituency has lost Bah Nasar Marwein (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) but as a youth he will continue to follow the legacy of the late MDC.
Regarding the shooting incident in Mukroh, he said in the House that the government has already appointed a team of inquiry headed by a judge and to give a fair trial to those involved in the shooting. pot.
There are also houses at high prices and most of them are sold to foreigners who have enough money.
The temperature in Shillong in the past 24 hours was 22.4 degrees Celsius and 13.9 degrees Celsius with heavy rainfall.
There will be a total cash prize of Rs 1.20,000/- for the distribution in various categories and individual prizes.
And if they don't want the railway, do they have any other ideas to increase the price of food and beverages in our state? Who doesn't talk about the price increase?
Because one believes in one thing, and one believes in another even if it is the same concept, especially as their explanation of man's free will, the purpose of evil and God's relationship in related to evil or those problems/difficulties.
Before the opening of the general meeting, Ma Teras Dkhar, President of Seinkur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills District, delivered a short speech. held on this day.
The Additional Priority House Hold (PHH) provides 5 kilograms per person per month without payment.
The 48-year-old actress said that as a film star she needs to support the protest because she feels that the members of the Wtiters Guild have protested for the rightful cause. For many years now, their salary has not been increased and it has remained the same.
Therefore, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA of Jirang Constituency, has requested the state government through the Chief Minister and the Cabinet of Ministers to stop bringing up this issue. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate and as a government, we have to respect the voice of the people,” he added.
At the same time, he urged the Waheh Shnongs to cooperate with the OCF so that they can continue their relief work.
Many religious leaders and evangelists appeared around the world.
She urged the KHADC to take care of the central government offices in Ri Bhoi District and Ri Lum Khasi, through these offices foreigners can enter and earn money to take back to their villages.
There are 133 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 95 cases including 61 high risk cases, 3 health workers, 4 cases from Barapathar cluster. one from Golflink cluster, one from Jaiaw cluster, 2 from Jail Road cluster, 2 from Lumpyngad cluster, 1 from Mawlai Mawroh cluster, 4 from Mawprem cluster, 5 from Nongmynsong cluster, 5 from Oakland Road cluster, 1 from police , one from Quallapatty cluster, one from outside, 2 from Rilbong cluster and one from Umpling cluster.
“When asked why the UDP and HSPDP are working together in the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), Mawthadraishan will have to contest against Bah H Brolding Nongsiej, who is the incumbent MLA from the UDP and also a Minister in the Government. MDA, Bah Pangniang said that it doesn't matter because it will be in the constituencies where these two parties have to contest and not others.
Besides these issues, there are other issues that the society faces from time to time if we turn our attention to the job opportunities now especially many of the young people of the society who have passed. Many of them don't get jobs. Many of them stay at home when they get jobs, which means government jobs or any other job that can help their children. Young people to stand on their own feet that is enough on the part of the leaders should be innovative & initiative to provide employment opportunities for the youth of the nation but until now there has been no such thing. that's the plan.
Sanjib Banerjee addressed the opening ceremony of the Circuit Court in Tura, West Garo Hills. Speeches were also delivered by AT Mondal and others.
The most shocking thing they did there was that they destroyed the EVM twice and they also damaged the benches, chairs and the books in the school and they also painted the EVM. Ma K.Dhar's jacket with his wallet containing Rs 9000/-, ATM, ID Card and Pan Card inside the jacket.
SWKH top scored by Indlala Kharwanniang with 31 runs and the team scored 104/5, which gave Shillong the victory by 85 runs.
Many people don't care about their health and the food is no longer adequate, but people still eat other bad foods such as smoking and eating khaini, raja and others.
This was learned through several senior office bearers of the party from West Khasi Hills District, who admitted that the authorities of the All India Trinamool Congress Meghalaya, had ordered Bah Fernandez Dkhar to start working to enter the villages to campaign for the election.
They alleged that the decision to allocate T.28 crore for the needs of the District Council was taken by the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem alone and without consulting the Executive Committee.
The Rangbah Shnong turned to Rida and said, “How can we call the police?
As part of the efforts to ensure the safety of the people, who have not yet been vaccinated against corona virus, from four villages under the Mawponghong polling station, including Nonglwai, Mawponghong, Nongthymmairum, Nongthymmaineng and Mawshyieng, On the other hand, the health officials have set up a vaccination center near the polling booth.
In East Garo Hills, there are 11 cases including 10 high risk cases and one policeman.
Kishan Lyngdoh, our captain, has impressed many with his performance.
She said that the reception of Conrad was a consensus without any other statement.
The village requests all those who attended the meeting to be clean and not to spread garbage, bottles, plastic and any other items that pollute the surroundings of the village.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) Amlarem Sub-Division has directed all the Fair Price Shop Dealers of Amlarem Sub-Division, Amlarem to inform the Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) if they have any questions. Ration Card holders at Centers or Villages who have not received ration for more than 3 (Three) months.
Similarly, if you have just completed your studies in different lines and are facing the same problems as those who are 30 plus, you will be in for a spiritual and financial surprise.
The Ministry of Home Affairs said that it has no information on the arrest of HNLC supporters. In fact, Rupang has asked how many HNLC supporters have been arrested since 2000 to date.
“Marriott Shillong is the 26th Courtyard by Marriott to be part of the Marriott Bonvoy portfolio in India and this shows our progress in the country.
The KSU has sent a statement to all the leaders, that they should look after and fulfill their duties for the good of the Jaidbynriew, but when they become such leaders, they should not just listen. or just to rejoice, but they should plead for the good of the future generation.
The semi final will be played between Amlarem Government LP School and Mukhla Grassroot Center at 11 pm.
This happened at Larnai Government Lower Primary School, West Jaintia Hills District.
Kohima: Nagaland Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio has been shocked when a public meeting he was supposed to address in Tuensang was attended by only 100 people. The public meeting shall be cancelled.
Speaking on the occasion, after receiving the injection, he said, “I am happy that I am the first to receive the injection in Shillong.
He said that he will bring the department into a transparent working method where those who apply for labor license and those who are rejected will be registered by computer, so that the public will know the working method of the Executive. The committee is not present.
The highest number of deaths has been reported in Himachal Pradesh, where about 60 people have died since the heavy rains began on 13th July, the Chief Minister said. u Sukhvinder Singh Sukhu.
He said what does this mean for the state government, it does not follow those laws and regulations and has to be punished.
Kitboklang Pale of Langsning scored in the 8th, 45th and 65th minutes while Dibinroy Nongspung scored in the 58th minute and Donborlang Nongkynrih in the 89th minute.
The VPP is made up of responsible, honest, peace loving and truthful people.
Shillong, March 02: The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited the injured in the blast at a station on Keating Road.
Due to the lack of awareness of the need to stay away from each other especially those who intend to withdraw money from the MCAB, Bah Mayralborn urged them not to be stingy but to respect and obey the rules of the MCAB. The government has directed to wear masks when going out in public places and also to keep a distance from each other.
Therefore, she encouraged the children living in these specially designed places not to feel like strangers, but to live a good life with respect for the authorities and respect in the things especially that they should have a spirit of competition to reach the goal of victory in battles.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Vice President of the KSU, Samla Fredrick Khawmawphlang, on Tuesday said that the leaders of the KSU, after receiving a request from the church leaders, have decided to postpone the meeting. The curfew will be held on the 12th and 13th of this month from 9 pm to 5 pm.
Khliehriat: A tanker truck carrying diesel fuel overturned on the road at Um-Tyr-a, East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills on Monday demanded that the State Government should revise the State Anthem by including the Jaintia word as well as the Khasi and Garo word.
Abraham lied that she was his sister.
However, the Meghalaya College Teachers Association (MCTA) has strongly opposed the announcement by NEHU to implement the NEP 2020 this year. The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof.PS Shukla on the day of the announcement of the implementation of the NEP 2020 through the media, the 19th He said that the university has already sent letters to all the institutions that have joined or fall under the jurisdiction of NEHU to implement it from 01st July
He said that the Prime Minister wants the region to develop in all aspects.
The Government has already arranged for the ASHAs to do more work related to tuberculosis, TB and others.
Jowai November 08: In the past two years due to the Covid 19 (Corona virus) the Parish of Jowai has not been able to hold the Eucharistic Procession as usual once a year. of the Parish of Jowai will be held on the 11th of this month (11/12/2022), at Jowai.
Nongstoiñ: After the expiry of the 15 days report by the Union of Village Authorities of Ri Lyngngam Umdang Area and various Sengbhalang of Shynrut area against the coal burning factories in Shahalang; The FKJGP, KSU, HYC, HNYF, HANM, WKSU, UHM and WYF of Mawshynrut area yesterday held a meeting at Riangdo. for a thorough discussion on this subject.
Dr Nonglait said that during their stay in Delhi, they submitted new applications to the office of Amit Shah, the office of the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and also to the office of the Prime Minister. to the President of India, to Draupadi Murmu.
The operation was supervised by the office of the HQ Special Director General (EC) BSF, Kolkata together with the police.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The strikers who passed the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) examination have decided to suspend their strike after the MeECL authorities decided to postpone the examination. The results will be valid for six months.
The leaders of the two parties strongly condemned the Assam border crossing in parts of Meghalaya.
“Therefore, this matter is still under consideration how to do so that some money can be deposited with them,” he said.
Where are the policies of the Government, although this state is rich in tourist attractions which are blessed by nature.
Therefore, in the Khasi language, it is necessary to divide the Riew and Nong languages ​​in such a way that there will be a systematic arrangement of words so that there will be no confusion when replacing other words that are necessary in Khasi literature.
The President of AMDA, Bah Kitbok Thabah, said that the audition has started on the 5th of this month and the deadline for submission of dance videos will be on the 24th of this month.
He said that the 3-Raliang Constituency is still lacking in development works such as roads and many villages have not yet received roads.
“Remove not the old boundary: go not into the fields of the fatherless: for their redeemer is strong: he shall plead their cause against thee”.
“However, we have not taken any final decision in this regard.
The Central Government has recently directed the States and Union Territories to stop the use of plastic.
Regarding this insult to the farmers who come to sell their produce in the market, the union has lodged a complaint with the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Syiem has summoned these people to appear before them. illegal.
He said that the party will distribute leaflets across the Bri U Hynniewtrep regarding the dangers of the railway line to this area.
There are no government secondary English-medium schools for classes 9 and 10 in 14 out of the 33 districts of Gujarat.
Furthermore, these documents also showed that there were letters written by the supplier to the Command Officer of the Military Hospital, Shillong showing that the hospital had received medicines from the supplier.
It is to be recalled that recently the HFU under the leadership of Commander Shangpliang visited and met with the farmers and traders in Iewduh to discuss the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products. The union has decided not to rest until the demand for illegal kilo cutting is implemented which has caused losses to the farmers.
Bah Jropsing Nongkhlaw, Congress candidate from Shella for the 2013 MLA election, could not be reached for comment, but it was learned from some Congress leaders that he also supports the party's candidate. announced Mr. Chyne.
This may be due to the lack of information, lack of explanations, but I advise the students to gather and find out for themselves what has happened in the country,” said Samla. the media.
He said that the union has decided to expel these foreign workers after they saw that the work done by these foreign workers can be done by the youth. Khasi.
During their visit and inspection, the team had a thorough discussion on the situation with the district administration.
It was like a suggestion to the Prime Minister.
However, we don't know what this Council has done, perhaps it has forgotten its duty and perhaps it hasn't thought for a long time.
Because health is essential, he stressed on the need to take care of one's body to avoid many diseases that cause expenses and steal time and energy.
In the 100 kg category, Bakhammaian Khongwir came first, Tony Lyngdoh Marshillong came second and Bhakupar Kharkongor came third.
He said that the department will soon announce the new Chairman of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
He said that many people have explained that they do not know that the mid-term elections will be held in Mawkynrew and Sohra constituencies.
We need to choose the party or the leader because we are the ones who make them happy.
In the U-17 boys' category, Little Flower H/S School Ummulong beat Govt.
Mr. Vincent Pala, the M.P.from Meghalaya, wrote on his Facebook page yesterday which said “We all had a fruitful meeting today and the news spreading our NE leaders joining the BJP is wrong.
From Mawkyndur Mountain you can see the Himalayas in eastern India, Shillong, Kyllang Mountains and the villages in Ri Bhoi District.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 2, EKH: 109, NGH: 1, RBD: 28, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 4, WGH: 4, WJH: 28 and WKH:
“Because it will be difficult to continue to improve roads and build highways, what is needed is to produce commercial vehicles, rather than allowing private vehicles to overcrowd,” said the new Governor.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 20: As part of serving the people of Mawshynrut area, the youths of Mawshynrut area have come forward to stand for the welfare of the community and the Hynniewtrep people. , where they formed a new organization known as the Hynniewtrep Youth Front (HYF) which is also headquartered in Mawshynrut.
At the same time, the lawyer of the group could not convince the court and rejected the request and asked for permission to take the matter back to the NGT. 3rd November: In this era of Internet, Technology, Digital Ages, it has brought great benefits to the people of the villages and India as a whole has celebrated the 1st to 7th of November as a special month. it's India Digital Week.
However, if we look closely at how many people have joined him, there is no one except him and two of his followers while he has already recruited many members in Garo Hills,” said Dr Mukul.
At this point, the VPP MLAs immediately left the Legislative Assembly with strong opposition.
The signs are clearly visible before our eyes.
He also completed his Assam Civil Service in
At this meeting, the rain of the people will be taken and the decision will be sent to the government for action.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that he is ready to support the demand for a Khasi Jaintia State, as the smaller it is, the more beautiful it will be.
Therefore, the gender allocation has nothing to do with the Sixth Schedule.
In another incident, a motorcycle belonging to Pradeep Limbu was burnt down at his residence in Law Sib, this evening.
Explaining his speech, Bah Osborne said that in Meghalaya which has 60 MLAs but when the time comes to form a government, the Prime Ministers are from the country. Garo Hills has only 24 constituencies and Khasi Hills has 36 constituencies.
In 1720, the plague struck France, in 1820 Thailand, Indonesia and the Philippines, and in 1920 Spain, killing more than 50 million people. people and in neighboring countries.
Officials from the Department of Horticulture and Agriculture, Mawkynrew Block, Village Leaders and others were also present.
Respect for different religions, recognition of equal rights for citizens, are fundamental to the democracy of India and the United States," said a US State Department spokesman. sun.
He said the Meghalaya Baby League is a pilot project for children, which is not available in India.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Road Construction Department has constructed a parking lot at Mylliem Khatar-mer near Wah Umtyngar so that tourists especially those who come for tourism can park their vehicles at this place. According to the scene, the parking lot near the Umtyngar Bridge has been closed by setting up barriers to prevent vehicles from entering.
On Thursday night, the JMB had planned to dump garbage at the JHADC premises at Pangit, Khliehtyrshi, but this attempt failed as the residents blocked the road for the JMB trucks which had to leave. to Jowai.
“We don't know how many seats we will win but we will form an Executive Committee,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has questioned the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on the collapse of roads and bridges during the heavy rains. the summer season.
We have been robbed of the name of our country by replacing it with the Sanskrit word 'Meghalaya', we have also been robbed of the Khasi language which the government has not recognized yet.
Jesus also said this word.
Speaking on the matter, UDP MDC from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, said that the report cannot be finalized until the CEM and EM. “It is impossible to finish while these two EM&CEMs are sitting on the bench, there is no point in demanding that they step down, they should understand by the “It's a good idea,” said Bah Shylla while speaking in the House.
They said that even the Rangbah Shnongs of the area in the meeting of the union opposed the proposal to sell to the BSF. The Hima Mylliem should have rejected the permit application of Bah Deilang Chirup Law who intended to sell the land to the BSF but they have sought approval from the District Council. “The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has information on this matter, but how can they send it to KHADC for approval?
“I think that in July this year, it can be opened if all the requirements are met,” said the chairman of the MTDC. Lber 2015 after being handed over to the new company of Bah Lessly Sylla but apparently the government has postponed the completion of this work.
Speaking at the lynpung, the MDC expressed his pleasure to be with the Sien Raij Rangad and said that such a religious ceremony should also bring good fortune and peace. In the community and in the villages, to have a spirit of love, a spirit of forgiveness to build each other, he also gave a greeting to all the children of Sien. Raij Ryngad to have a healthy body and also to improve their work and agriculture.
In the women's marathon, Aquilin Warjri from Wahlang won first place, Banrisuk Warjri from Wahlang won second place, Shishabahun Nongkynrih won third place and Morgan Jones from Nongkynrih won second place. Phibanshimti Warjri from Nongkynrih, Sanhil Warjri from Thynroit and Anginia Warjri from Umphrew.
Before the children took part in the competition, a meeting was held led by Bah Iaidbha Phawa, Assistant Research Officer, District Planning Officer in the presence of Bah FB Basan, MCS, Additional Deputy Commissioner & District. Planning Officer, Jowai, teachers and others.
Regarding the delay of the AJTCVA in joining hands with the MJACCV, Paila said the party has not received proper information or letter.
Before the approval of the budget, a discussion was held by the members of the JHADC in which Marki Mulieh said that the creation of new posts within the Council will affect its budget.
For example, what policies do they plan to create for migrant workers? What can they do for youth unemployment? What laws should be enacted to protect the minority and other minorities in the State from the violence of the authorities? What laws shall be enacted to preserve the culture of the indigenous people, including the protection and preservation of the land from the confiscation and encroachment of the wealthy indigenous people and other foreign traders? Without discrimination, what strategy do they have to bring peace among different ethnic groups and religions and not to allow religious extremists or terrorists to take advantage?
“No one can stop me from working,” he said, adding that for other needs of the school as expressed by the Headmistress and Rangbah Shnong, he will find a way.
We will receive all the information and figures and we have requested the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) and DERT to provide us with the information so that we can get complete information and understand better on this issue. " don't say.
He said the UPA and NDA governments are very different.
The award ceremony will be held on the 31st of this month at Nongpyndeng Village where the Association invites all the Village Authorities, Elders and Youth.
Furthermore, the Sordar of the village, J.Nongbak, expressed his regret over the stinginess and lack of respect for his fellow citizens. “The BDO office will not issue the scheme until these houses are completed,” he said.
Shillong, March 27: The State Government has wanted to improve the two lane road from Shillong to Dawki to facilitate the traffic.
They include Alkwis Kharbani, Regain Mawri, Seiborlag Pakyntien, Shanbok Kharmawphlang and Kynpham Marbaniang, who are charged under MMPO and other IPC sections from Rynjah Police Station while Shanbor Lyngdoh is charged under Sardar. Police station.
During the inspection, the leaders of the union also met with the Principal of the school and the village leaders who have expressed their opposition to the factory. The school has also lodged a complaint against the factory but no one has responded until yesterday when the incident of illness occurred and caused the students to pray during the games.
When asked why they don't stay with the NPP, he said, “The party's choice to join the UDP this time is because it is the voice of the people and the HSPDP is the party that listens to the UDP. public".
Jain said that the BJP troops will monitor which areas need to be more focused on the security system. Speaking on the preparation of the police for the security forces, Jain said that the police will monitor the security forces. Police have been vigilant in all districts and have relied on the Village Defense Party (VDP) to work together especially in the border areas. He said that the meeting discussed the issue of insurgency on the border and decided to ensure that there will be no insurgency by the insurgent groups and that they will not be able to commit any insurgency activities. law.
In the Under 35 category, Diengïei Area vs Sohiong Area, the match was similar as no goals were scored in the first half despite the witnesses. Thousands of fans attended the tournament and it was in the second half that Sohiong Area scored two goals and won the title of champion of the 1st Sohiong Constituency Knockout Football Tournament. 2022.
This encouraging experience is not the only one but one of the examples of a group that has taken a major step towards breaking the bonds of expecting the behavior of others and to strengthen it. journey towards standing on their own feet through starting their own businesses.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said that what Dr Mukul said in the Legislative Assembly is childish.
In the meeting with the DC, the CCIB leaders demanded that the boundary should be resolved first and said that they are not against the signboard but against the boundary which remains unclear.
Expressing her condolences to the victims, Kong Warjri strongly condemned the attack on the police by the insurgents and said that the government will not allow to disrupt the peace and order.
It was founded in
The KSU leader said that the KSU is against the entry of foreigners into the state, as the government has already banned the interstate movement.
On Thursday, a man died shortly after his motorcycle collided with a truck number ML-06-A-2
The KSU also demanded that the Hima Bhowal should remove all the non-Khasi village names which have been given another non-Khasi or Garo village name but should be given the name of the village. Khasi or Khasi name.
Members of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) on 12th June submitted a petition to the Chief Secretary, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, demanding a review of the reservation policy in the state.
In this regard, Kohli has accepted Level 1 of the violation under Article 2.2 of the CoC. you're right.
Witting said that Morning's statement is unfounded. “How can an MLA challenge the post of an MDC? “It's a child's speech,” he said.
If you plant up to three neighboring lynter, the middle lynter will not get enough sun.
Shillong: The MPCC President Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the statements and statements of the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma from time to time on the split of the Congress party. , it is only because there are no other issues to speak, but the truth is that the Congress party, this time has become stronger and more united than in the past.
Shillong, July 24: Many words of praise were expressed by the MDCs of the Liang Syn Shar today at the election of the Deputy Chairman of the KHADC. dorbar without any participation but has held the post as the moderator of the dorbar.
So we believe that giving cow dung, or bone, or both will help get rid of this disease.
Those present during the interview included Amjad Khan, Director of Glamanand Entertainment Pvt.
The North-Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has launched a three-day Rozgar Mela to empower the youth with the aim of offering opportunities to thousands of youth. the side of the jam.
Shillong, Lber, 21: With the aim of promoting tourism in the state, the state government has received adequate support from the central government and other foreign agencies for the development of tourism in the state. to continue efforts to monitor the increase in tourist arrivals in the state.
The AKHAF strongly opposes this because it has seen that those villages where the Garo people live have faced many problems after being transferred to Assam.
Scottish Vaz MSMHC, NE Regional CRI Secretary, Sr.
In West Khasi Hills, 6 cases, in Ri Bhoi, 72 cases, in East Jaintia Hills 18, West Jaintia Hills 16, West Garo Hills 28, South West Garo Hills 2 and South Garo Hills
Mairang, Naitung 4: The office of the Block Development Officer, Mairang C&RD Block Mairang today launched the M-Tab distribution programme. under the Chief Minister's Digital Learning Aid Scheme for Class XI students for the year 2022-2
It is to be recalled that the MCA has decided to send this group of players to train and receive special training at one of the training centers in the city. Bengaluru big haka Just Cricket Academy.
There have been many comments but we have not listened and we are moving forward and as it is now it is good that the people across the State are beginning to understand the benefits that they will get through clean governance.
Inningstar XI managed to score 112 runs for the loss of all wickets in 19.4 overs.
She taught her children from an early age in that good teaching, she explained these great things of God and that they should love and fear God, she taught them how to read. Besides the Bible, it teaches how to pray, it teaches how to love and listen to the teachings, it teaches how to speak respectfully to those who are older, but after they have grown up, it teaches them how to A godly mother teaches her children to think first of themselves, does not allow their children to watch TV or programs, teaches them to distinguish between the day of the Lord and the day of the Lord. In the morning, she taught them to pray before sleeping, before getting up, before eating, when they needed it, they should ask for Mother or Father, please give me that, I taught them to pray. smart to church, she teaches not to be shy in church, she teaches her children to go to school and to read, she disciplines them with a stick of sympathy when she is old, she teaches them to avoid bad friends , she doesn't blame her children when they do wrong, (because the blame of her children is a strong source of evil deeds) she avoids and thinks of herself in the language of the thylliej. she speaks so that her children do not follow or in the work she does, she teaches her children in the way and manners that they should walk, and she does not provoke her children it is filled with the good teachings and teachings of the Lord.
The committee has submitted its report on the basis of its findings from the surveys it has conducted in the past few months.
The Prime Minister reminded the people that the TMC is a party from West Bengal.
He said that the government should not provide them with separate accommodation but should accommodate those who live in the quarters of the departments where they work and those who The government should not punish the employees of the government departments because they are illegal immigrants.
Daphishisha Syngkli, Ellen Kynta, Imaia Shylla, Kynjailin Sohtun, Juliana Syiemlieh, Alisha Lyngdoh, Inri-La-I-Dor Kongthaw, Batiplang Khapiah, Eiladki Ksoo, Yulity T.Phanrang, Danisha Lyngdoh, Shimtikor Kurringni, Shimtikor Kurringni. The Great Diamond and the Unity of the World.
The Hindu Janajagruti Samiti said the meeting will be held in Ponda, Goa, where 800 organizations will take part.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the drivers of vehicles passing through this road also expressed the same problem because the government has not improved the road properly. and it was difficult for them to walk.
I don't think our minds can remember the strength of the District Administration in the years 1987 and later when there was a lot of protests, who were summoned or reprimanded from time to time against any leader. the words of your people.
“We don't know what to say about the implementation of the NDA government in terms of trade policies,” said the owner of the Uncle Shop.
Zenith Sangma also urged the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma not to be involved in corruption and to have mercy on the people of the state.
After the announcement of the lucky draw ticket at 2:00 pm along the National Highway near the pond, the road was flooded. There was a traffic jam which lasted for more than several hours until the sky was dark.
“The delay in completion is due to the fact that the state government has not been able to issue the Utilization Certificate for the use of the funds released by the central government,” he said.
On the other hand, Chilliang Raij SC tried to turn the tide, but until the end of the match they couldn't score and the match between the two teams ended 1-1 0 col.
The mining of mineral resources especially coal and ore has been a long-term occupation of the Hynniewtrep people and this has supported many of their families. whether they are poor or rich.
Under this social agreement, SIDBI and the Government of Meghalaya will work together to assist in the development of small, medium and small enterprises and MSMEs in the state.
Miss Sabina Nongrum’, Sd.
The IIM also expressed its gratitude to Aditya Birla for giving the award for encouraging studies.
“It is easy to say (to implement the Uniform Civil Code), but it is difficult to implement,” said Prestone.
Shillong: A group of youths of Iooksi Pyllun Village including Iooksi Iapkhla, Iooksi Priang, Iooksi Umdeinlin, Iooksi Kyanmynsar and Iooksi Tongkiad today gathered at the Community Hall of Iooksi Thlongmoo. Nehemaya Tyngkan's election campaign.
On pork and beef, there are diseases that have been detected by the government and it is the duty of the government to inform the public when there is any disease so that there will be no tragic incident.
Greek police on Monday arrested a man suspected of starting a forest fire near Athens that caused the forest to catch fire after a blaze. the sun and also because of the high winds.
“This will enrich the rich and impoverish the poor.
Police have admitted that the shooting death of these contractors has nothing to do with the incident in Tura on Thursday and it is highly suspected that the shooting was caused by the fact that these contractors earn a lot of money and for that reason, terrorists may have been involved in the incident.
In West Khasi Hills, the project has started at Nongstoiñ town by setting up two registration points on the road where women who have received information about the registration have turned to these registration points. led by young men and women.
The meeting started from Jaidohkroh Nongspung, the scene of the tragic incident and ended at Nonbah Nongstoin, where the meeting continued at the same place. Hundreds of people including children, youth, parents, various political parties of Nongstoin area came to take part in the ceremony.
SHILLONG: The Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) has been formed by the residents and Rangbah Shnongs of South West Khasi Hills District on the 13th of this month. ) to protest against the decision of MePDCL to supply electricity to a foreign company (FEDCO) in the district.
There are also those who believe that drinking a glass of milk before going to bed is necessary and should not be avoided, that is, drinking three hours before going to bed.
However, we will fully implement the farm after the appointment of full time staff to look after the farm,” said Dr Jyrwa.
The report also recommends that full powers and functions should be given to the MBs besides providing adequate budget with effective monitoring so that they can fully deliver the function as assigned to them.
The deceased was identified as Bah Phisar Nongrum, 75, while the others were identified as Bah Kynmaw Syngai, 70, Kong Benti Riahtam, 60 and Lumlang Riahtam,
According to a source, at about 2:00 pm this evening, a strong and heavy cold weather suddenly hit several areas. The affected villages include Mawkhan Pambeh, Mawlai Syiem, Langlew, Marngor and other neighboring villages in the area.
to se it gives opinion together.
"Bah Batskhem also urged the people to work hard because as leaders they want to win and others who are fighting want to win, take this meeting only as a rnga that we have strengthened and work hard. to carry the goal of victory.
However, before anything tragic happened in Motphran, the traffic police did not hesitate to take the Dkhar to Lumdiengjri police station.
Shillong: The SP (City) of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday said that a body has been found in a forest known as Jong U Niang in Mawpat village.
The contest for the MDC election 2014 will be between the Congress and the UDP, but the final day will be on the 27th. their decision.
“It has been nine months since we demanded but the authorities have not done anything and there is no sign that they will announce the new results and this has put us in trouble,” he said. said Bah JJ Lyngkhoi and Convener D.El.
The HSPDP president said the party will also fight for the Mining Policy, the Youth Policy, the issuance of licenses to timber factories to operate only for their own needs and others.
Pateinki Sabah won the match with an own goal from Mupliang.
Shillong, Nailar 21 : Mawbah Village has received a lot of praise for although there are many different ethnic groups and religions, the village authorities have been able to unite and maintain peace and order.
The Shillong Golf Club has announced that it has closed down the Goflink Ground for the golf tournament from 11th to 16th November next month.
So, let us now look at some of the events that remind us of the time of Jesus' crucifixion.
When he grew up, when he went to the house of others, he left the house of his mother and father and went to stay in the house of his wife and work. the jams of your house are what you have.
New Delhi: Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Tuesday said the Congress party wants to allow minorities to eat beef. slaughter cows, as you wish.
“This PHC has been destroyed and many of the bedrooms and workplaces of the staff and doctors of the PHC have been flooded.
These will be from different parties.
Speaking to reporters in Tura on Saturday on the occasion of the opening of the BJP office in Danakgre, Ram Madhav said he has been visiting the state for 10 years but “I have been visiting Meghalaya for the past 10 years and I don't see any change and I don't see any development,” he said.
The MeEcl substation in Lumshnong doesn't care about the poor because they have to pay for the bill light every month.
Commercial vehicles and private vehicles can travel within Shillong from 12/05/2020 to 16/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm. evening.
If we take what is happening in Meghalaya without counting the number of drop-outs, it is not a small number of students especially in the rural areas. they don't have the opportunity to go to school and educate themselves like others.
It should also be ensured that the waterways should not be blocked as this will cause the wastewater from all over the country to reach the markets and shops.
From what this reporter has found, it has been seen that this place at Byrnihat and near the NH-6 has turned into one of the garbage dumps. There is also a lot of trouble for the passengers passing through this road.
The meeting was organized by the Cook Cum Helper Nongstoiñ and was supported by the Cook Cum Helper Nongstoiñ. that they joined.
They said that the opening of this market is also a great blessing to the people in terms of economic development.
During the meeting, they also handed over a letter regarding the illegal smuggling of cows and goats from this state to Bangladesh which the union recently seized at Mawryngkneng.
We hope that the Meghalaya government will accept this suggestion regarding the EV policy in collaboration with the village groups for the purpose of providing public information,” he said.
“This action is to correct her stinginess in her duties which is the rules of procedure in the office, by giving her a light punishment with the aim of correcting her actions,” he said. director.
He said that once the census is obtained, it will be ensured that there will be no more illegal mining.
Dr JN Shullai also called on all the groups involved in MCSWA to continue to serve the community and to ensure that this center will be a truly happy and encouraging place. for the sake of the elderly.
Speaking to media, the president of the Seng Khihlang, Bah H Robin Kurbah, said that in fact, the preparations have been going on well to hold the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij. but after the government has issued a notice to refrain from holding public gatherings at such times, they have decided to suspend them and will announce after the 31st of this month.
“How can you eat from Adam's tree and bear a sinful child?
Shillong, November : U MDC of Mawlai, Bah Teiborlang Pathaw today handed over work orders worth 7 lakh tyngka for Block 11, known as Patarim at a meeting held at the ground floor. of Grace Care Academy.
Yes, I have to congratulate the various political parties, but at the same time, I have to know that these political parties, who are the people, (who do not receive salaries from the government, like MLAs, MDCs and other government employees) and the surprising thing is that they have not been paid their salaries, but it has been seen that their income is very high and that is that they get enough rice and wheat to feed themselves. people of Ri Khasi Jaintia, at such a time of crisis in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
This is according to a statement sent by the President of the party, Samla N.Shadap.
The CEO announced that the Indian Women League Final Round will be held in Shillong by the MFA from 25th October to 15th June 2018 at the JN Stadium, Polo.
Shillong: The Shillong Cantonment Board (SCB) today raided the illegal houses built in Themmawbah Market, opposite the Kart Building, Shillong.
The group, which is part of the Congress led by the opposition in GHADC, on Tuesday expressed its opposition to the appointment of SG Esmatur Mominin as chairman of the Planning Committee and Sofiur Rehman as the member of the Bakijai Advisory Committee because it is against the feelings of the people.
To cry, to fight and to fight with the Spirit of God within us" We must eradicate the idea that it is God who works or will work for us, but this verse it should remind us that you and I are called to fight, fight and work together to bring joy, hope, healing, understanding, justice and love to the world in which we live.
As part of the show of solidarity, Himachal Pradesh Education Minister Rohit Thakur, AAP Chief Leader Surjeet Singh Thakur, former MLA and CPI leader ( M) Rakesh Singha and CPI State Secretary Bhag Singh addressed a press conference in Shimla.
Therefore, the SMC together with the Dorbar Shnong invite all the alumni to take the time to attend this 32nd Anniversary Celebration of the school. May you be happy to be together on this day.
Friends who come from the village are requested not to throw any more jhep or garbage within the boundary of the village.
Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, the country has managed to export fish to about T.59,000 crore this year.
Shillong, Nailur 19: On the 22nd of July, the residents of two villages under Mawlai, Mawiong Umjapung and Maw iong Rim received a letter from MeECL through the Meghalaya Power Distribution Corporation. Limited, written by the Assistant Executive Engineer, Revenue Sub Division II, MePDC, BC House Shillong, and explained that according to the provisions of the CEA Regulation and Regulation 7.2, all the meters are The meter in the households of the two villages is an Electro Magnetic Meter, and the department has informed that it needs to be replaced immediately. The households should purchase a Static Energy Meter according to their capacity and bring it to the AEE office within 10 days of receipt of the letter.
Pangniang said that the party as a whole regrets the urgent decision of its MLAs, because the HSPDP will not want to go against the will of the people and wants to work together for the sake of the people. the public.
Police are investigating to identify others involved in misleading the police.
Their loss of identity and the replacement with more noisy equipment, the noise of their car/motor bike, also shows that the mental power or Their understanding is still too weak.
“Therefore, we cannot cope with the shortage – the department has to accept that there is a shortage.
Tomorrow, Mynsngad will play against Khliehmynkrem at 3 pm.
With a smile on their faces, they expressed their gratitude to the leader who has seen the plight of the family.
Hi? The Word of God says – that in that day, God will pour out upon the house of David upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem a spirit of grace and supplication (during the tribulation of the reign of the beast).
The backwardness of the people has caused them to be misled, to be misunderstood, to be frightened by what is not true and to believe what is not true.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) Sengkmie, through Evannassar Shylla, Asst-Secretary of the CORP, has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident which happened on the 25th of this month. On March 10, 2013, the crops of farmers worth hundreds of thousands of tons were damaged by wild boars at Wah Umbla Village near Umsiang, Raid Maiong, Ri Bhoi District.
It is such small mistakes that as the days go by it has become flesh and blood and when it is born it will become the Lord and rule over us.
“About 80 percent of our people live on agriculture so it is important that the farmers get support and the government has launched many programs for them,” he said.
The Minister of Home Affairs said, “The Social Welfare Department should have provided assistance in order to expand the shelters for the police.
Regarding this incident, a team from the state health department has gone to collect samples of food and drink distributed to these soldiers who have fallen ill.
India has understood the need to use as much open-source tools as possible which relieves the pressure on vendors and high prices when using technologies owned by companies or individuals.
He said this while replying to a question by Lakhon Biam in the House on Thursday on the renewal of NOCs of dewbilat factories.
But we are blind when we hear and blind when we see.
He said he does not expect this to take time and to extend the term of the House because once it has been divided and confirmed, it can be done within a month or two.
“When I see that there are candidates who have reached the age of 60 years and above and as of now there is also Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is young, then I too have set a goal and the competition ( challenge) to fight against the youth, because I am young too,” said Soni Bareh.
Therefore, with the establishment of this camp office, it will help the residents and the people who come to the offices that they don't have to go to Mawkyrwat but they can complete their work only here. The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District has set aside that the officers will work once a month only on Nonghyllam Market Day and will be open for 3 hours. on the day from 10 am to 1 pm.
Police are investigating whether anyone has paid money to the HNLC and has made it clear that anyone involved with the HNLC will be prosecuted under the rules of the HNLC. to the Unlawful Activities Prevention Act (UAPA).
In his speech, the Minister congratulated and wished the children of Seiñraij Ïalong.
It is not only me who have found this, many people have found it from time to time and this illegal activity of brokers is still happening today.
“It will soon affect other hotels when such incidents happen in large and famous hotels.
This is how it has been since the beginning of the world – now it is in the sky like the rain, it is on the ground like the water – each other.
The source said that Modi has planned to remove some ministers and has plans to appoint younger MPs and Conrad's name will be one of them.
This motion was not allowed to proceed and the Bill was rejected by the House,” said Speaker Bah Metbah Lyngdoh after putting the Bill on the table for vote.
From what the party has found, it is the Assam government and the police who come and intrude, so how can the MLA say that it is not 100% the government's fault? Assam, while many government schemes from Meghalaya have been cancelled and remain dormant.
We have set a target of 2 lakh households to be supplied with water this year.
New Zealand also scored 15 overs in the tied but England won by getting more sixes and passing more balls outside the field.
Police have registered a case at Pynursla Police Station.
He said the central government may not sign the 150 kilometer border between Mizoram and Myanmar.
On the other hand, the reporter also had the opportunity to ask the voters from the youth to the fathers and mothers what they want for the candidates to win this mid-term election. from Nongatoin Constituency for the sake of this constituency and for the sake of the people.
“We will not allow this company to eat the blood of our brothers and sisters.
People are involved in this job because they need to support themselves and their families but not because they go voluntarily or because they are involved in this job.
“The important thing is to understand which villages should be in Assam, these villages should be in Meghalaya and how many places to go to Assam and how many places to come to Meghalaya,” he said.
“When we celebrate the 75th anniversary of the country’s independence, when we remember events related to the movement, when we reflect on the life and work of great leaders, we do this to understand where we have now compared to their plans.
With 156 runs, Kishan Lyngdoh was named Man of the Match and this is his third time in the tournament.
A child cannot spend his day alone in the house.
He said that as a nation we have many challenges and challenges but we should not be afraid.
In a statement, Sirdar Bah TR Malngiang said that the EC has tried to find ways and means to resolve this issue which has been facing for a long time and it was on the 13th of this month. Shortly after, the CEM visited the government and promised to take action and as the village we congratulate him for bringing this issue before the Budget House.
Members of the NCPCR who arrived in Shillong yesterday conducted a thorough investigation into the incident by summoning various government officials including DGPu Prem Singh.
In the seven-a-side match, four goals were scored in the first half and three goals in the second half.
Listen to your reading.
Rida also started to smile.
The incident happened in Urksew, Wahpathaw-Pynursla.
Dangar: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today visited Dangar village in Mawsynram constituency to campaign for the Congress party.
The entry of the woman into the church, shocked many, who were in the church, and her husband, was shocked, that she went to find out her scientific trick and at that time, he stood still. They were alone in the synagogue, without a word.
pang Corona Virus ( covid 19) And at the same time the Seng would like to request the people of the village and the area to cooperate in such a case by doing and following the rules as directed by the State Government or the Central Government through the Health Department, Police Department and the office of the DTO.
There is no mention of the traffic jam at Them Iew Mawlong which is a market that is frequented by the people who come from all over the villages to pay for their daily needs in Shillong.
