Through Nano urea and the reduction in the use of chemical fertilizers and the increase in the use of organic fertilizers, the cost of farming will decrease.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP) won across the constituencies with 371,202 votes behind the second candidate, the Congress with 197,688 votes.
Furthermore, after seeing that the NHAI and the state government have not done anything about the deterioration of this road, the union will not hesitate to take another step after the end of the road closure on that day, on the same day. We invite all the residents of the District and neighboring states to stop traveling, earning, vehicles and large from the evening. of that day and date from 7 pm to 5 pm.
On Saturday, there were reports that a grenade exploded at an Assam police post in Khulichara-Singoa, Mizoram.
“The Chairperson of the Committee on Roster and Reservation Policy has welcomed the recommendations of the UDP and has said that only the UDP has sent its recommendations on this issue,” said Bah Jemino.
The JYF has expressed its surprise at the lack of attention of the government and the leaders to repair or improve the school and urged the MLAs and MDCs of the area to build the school so that the students can escape from the school. you slap you cold.
The students held a sudden protest today which was also the day of the distribution of syrnot to the graduates in various fields of study in the presence of NITI Aayog member Dr Vijay Kumar Saraswat as the chief guest.
She said that in these days, many people have been harassed even through phone numbers, WhatsApp, Facebook, various apps by those who have been harassed by those who have been harassed by many users. method.
The RBYF Umsning Circle leaders and teachers welcomed the RBYF Umsning Circle leaders who have a vision to support the school. They also expressed their special thanks to the RBYF for providing them with benches and blackboards which are necessary for the students.
Bah Peter is survived by his wife and 11 children.
While India is providing electrification systems through initiatives in urban areas, it is also boosting energy infrastructure by working to double the share of natural gas — more pollution-reducing to fossil fuels — to be cleaned before
The union would like to extend its special congratulations to the EE PWD (Roads) Jowai Central Division, M.Tang SDO, H.Pakynteiñ and JEM S.Challam.
The driver of the Mahindra was later taken for a medical test which showed that he was under the influence of alcohol and was no longer fit to drive at that time.
However, after looking at the work on the north side (at Jingkieng Kalong) it has not reached anywhere and besides, the allocation of up to T.3 crore for the road at Jingkieng Kalong alone is not enough.
“Sapam Robinhood has sacrificed his life for the state, we will not take his body until the government accepts our demand,” said JAC Convener Raghubir Salam.
If you do not want to eat or drink, do not do so before or after the programme, following the Covid guidelines.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per month at the price of T.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per month at the price of T.3.00 per kilo.
Media reports said that all three candidates have now visited Mawkyrwat constituency to meet with the people and to introduce themselves and to express their intention to contest the 2018 elections.
Shillong: The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Bah Lambok Starwell Marngar, on Tuesday said that the Dkhars are not ready to attack the KSU members and those who took part in a public rally in Ichamati.
Nongpoh, Naitung 27: A 20-year-old youth has been seriously injured when his Scooty collided with a truck on the morning of 27th Naitung. 2023 in Nongpoh.
Bah Malniang was welcomed by the CEM of KHADC at his office on 19th November
Higher Secondary School, New Jirang, Babansing Ch.
PIDMC Secretary Bluestar Mukhim gave this report while speaking at the distribution of food items to households in Mawber village in the presence of President Martle N Mukhim, MDC of the area.
“We need measures that will be beneficial, to introduce policies, to legalize coal mining, and to create income generation opportunities.
The Meghalaya Aero and Adventure Sports Association (MAASA) has also announced that it will hold a selection of qualified paragliders for the Asian League Qualification to be held in Thailand this month. next year.
The day was enriched by the performances of the youth of Seinraij Jowai, the women of Loompyrdi Iongpiah and the youth of Umchangiar.
Therefore, the union strongly warns the state government that it will continue to oppose if the government brings a railway line to the state and at the same time we will not even stay in prison. he added.
“The situation is difficult, the Prime Minister cannot just use and make fun of the people.
New Delhi: These days, another idea has emerged and that is whether it is necessary to wear clothes that are well prepared before wearing, or whether they are too old to wear. , because they do not pollute the environment at all.
However, now the Government is aware of this area of ​​Jaintia Hills in Ri Thor and wants to build a railway line from Kalain through Ratacherra (on the border of Assam & Meghalaya) and from Umkiang – Lumshnong to Khliehriat. The Government of Meghalaya for the benefit of the people of Khasi Jaintia Hills District.
Please give us feedback or constructive comments.
However, here too, the BJP will be very careful and prefers to contest with a party that is close to it and that is the NPP. voters from foreign religions (Muslims, Christians) are not happy and are not too eager to vote for it.
On the other hand, the Government as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the State has organized an exhibition on how to beautify the village.
PHH rice will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per head, free of charge.
In addition to the availability of social media such as Facebook, Twitter and others, children can also use other sites that can mislead and disrupt their young minds and brains.
Although he did not have any power like the British, he stood up to fight and this shows how history has remembered him.
According to reports, more than 40,000 residents of China's Sichuan province have been evacuated due to floods across the city, which have also caused incidents and injuries from landslides. and damage to buildings and houses.
Mobile phones and computers are one of the easiest examples of how adults find it difficult to use them, but children even those who have not yet attended school do not find any difficulty in using them. they.
Meanwhile, the Chairman of the Council, Bah Lamphrang Blah, had to sit down and support the NPP candidate from Mawphlang while the Dy Chairman, Bah Alvin Sawkmie, came forward to contest on the NPP ticket from Mawsynram.
It is alleged that the head of the blood pressure department has selected only one or two companies to supply blood pressure equipment and other equipment necessary for the treatment of blood pressure patients.
There are now 3,000 IM troops on the Myanmar border since March, the report said.
Angela Rangad said she hopes that the state leaders will take up the issue of the workers in the Legislative Assembly for a thorough discussion.
The purpose of the tournament is to gather together the youths who have the talent to play football, to train themselves to exercise and play to avoid bad habits especially drugs and other alcoholic beverages.
Amit Paul, we have lost our sleep, let us come out now to help them too, may God bless you who are ready to help those who need help, as God has given you the ability don't waste it. I'm sorry if you take it.
Meanwhile, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong and several members of the CEC arrived in front of the Secretariat amidst the surprise of the Police and Magistrates.
That means the name of the lyngkien or thomiat.
According to the rules of law, those involved in such incidents (BSF personnel) should be arrested, and this has been done by the BSF.
Khliehriat, July 13: The Meghalaya Aids Control Society (AIDS) in collaboration with the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District, the office of the District Medical Health Officer and other departments today held a program at Ladrymbai Dongwah, this program is specifically to raise awareness on the need for health and the purpose of this Integrated Health Campaign, is for those people who are HIV positive. Santa Mary Shylla, MLA of 5th Sutnga Saipung Assembly Constituency, was the chief guest. Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, J. Shylla, MCS, EAC, R. Brahma, Director Mih-myntdu Community Social Welfare Association (MCSWA), Dr (Mrs.
It was the Foreign Government which divided the Hima Shillong into the Hima Khyrim and Hima Mylliem.
Kim married and lived with a beautiful singer from the country, Ri Sol-ju in 2009 and she is seven years older than him.
The lack of revenue for half a year has made it difficult for the employees of the state transport department to pay the school fees of their children, to feed their families, to buy medicines when they come. painful shitom.
And John bare record, saying, I saw one of his heads as it were wounded to death: but his deadly wound was healed: and all the world wondered after the beast.
We should be proud and use our talents without hesitation, which God has given us, not everyone should be doctors, engineers or write or read books.
National in Odisha.
Therefore, he said that the party will not remain silent when it sees this shooting and bombing of paradohs who are against this infiltration of foreign wealth.
Shillong, November 4: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) and the Ri Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) have distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions. The CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, has demanded that the Calcium Industry and the Meghalaya Agricultural Private Limited.
One or two may be mentioned here; Out of the sixty (60) seats in the State Legislative Assembly, fifty-five (55) seats have been reserved for the indigenous people.
On the 13th of July, 1833, the British troops arrested him and imprisoned him in Dhaka and he died in prison on the 17th of November,
They said that the appointment of the DC by the MCS officer has affected the development of the district.
The KSU leader said that many of the vehicles claimed to be on duty while in fact they were on duty. Khasi.
They also urged him to work harder and harder so that he can showcase his talent and wish him all the best. jam forward and in other bigger competitions, not only in the state but in the country as a whole.
Besides, it has been very difficult to transport food items to many villages in the area.
The public toilet was built about 11 years ago and has not been used until now according to the RTI received.
“I don't believe in predictions because the election is still about eight months away.
She suggested that she should talk to the authorities in Shillong.
On 12th November 2019, Babu FC Shullai, General Secretary APSTA attended the meeting. Vice-President APSTA Babu T.War attended the meeting. and the officers of Neima were destroyed.
Twenty teams from all over the state have participated in the tournament and the prize money for the tournament is T.60,000/- tyngka.
Leaders of the HYC Nongpoh Circle under the leadership of Bah Richard Diengdoh President and Bah Tony Shylla Secretary also visited many places in Nongpoh today. The Nongpoh Town Committee and the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh are responsible for the collection and cleaning of the garbage dumped in many parts of the town.
The 1st Maitshaphrang Award (MA) 2022, KSU Mawlongbah Unit has been awarded to four students who have passed well in the examinations of The honor is also a sign or part of the encouragement to the students of the area so that they do not complete their studies only half-time.
Congratulations to Ram, who has strengthened himself with the team.
“The NABH has recognized the Emergency Department of Supercare Hospital, Shillong and found that this hospital complies with the rules of NABH regarding the Emergency Department in Shillong. hospitals in India,” said the management of Supercare Hospital.
The two issues which have already been passed by the Assembly without any objection from a single MLA are the Resolution passed by the Assembly, the issue of the ILP and the introduction of the ILP. the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eighth Schedule.
“There is a selection of children under 12 years old to enter the Sony Channel Super Kid dance competition and AMDA has talked to the channel to hold an audition in Shillong. The channel has agreed to hold an online audition where the children will be selected from the videos recorded during the dance and sent to the management of the channel,” said Bah Kit. The Association is currently investigating whether entertainment such as dance has a close relationship with the Skill Development Department of the State Government. sports such as gymnastics.
At the same time, the DC, Bah FM Dopth, said that tomorrow he will meet with the families of the three Pnars who have been drowned in the crematorium and will pay 1 lakh tyngka. they shall not be ashamed of their households.
After this, the game became tense at the beginning of the second half, when Mawkhar asked for a penalty for a mistake in the box, but it was lost by the referee's mistake. Garnoldstar Marbaniang and two others received yellow cards.
If any department has been able to complete all these, they can continue the recruitment process,” he said.
Meanwhile, the Shillong Region Taxi Owners and Drivers Association in a statement from its President R.Jana and General Secretary James S Malngiang has urged all taxi owners within the association as well as those outside the association. They should submit their answers in writing to the office of the Commissioner of Transport of the State Government at Sawlad and submit a copy to the District Transport Officer cum Secretary Regional Transport Authority. put coffee spirit salade.
The union has had a good talk with the head of the district administration and demanded that the district should take immediate action so that those living in the border areas can be safe.
East Khasi Hills has 189 cases and these include 8 cases in Lachumiere, 5 cases in Laitkor, 6 cases in Lumparing, 30 cases in Mawlai, 6 cases in Mawlynrei, 17 cases in Mawshbuit, 6 cases in Nongkrem, 10 cases in Nongthymma. cases in Pynursla, 6 cases in Sohra, 16 cases in Tyrsat, 5 cases in Umsawmat, 8 cases in Wahingdoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 08: Police of Sadar Police Station have summoned the leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) to appear before them after the attack on passers-by during the protest. rally against unemployment on 28th March
The number of cases of covid-19 in India has risen to 55 lakh with 75,083 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,053 deaths.
He said that she is in the midst of old age, but the spirit of fighting in her is still strong to love her country and nation.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 04: To continue its full service for the welfare of the people of Ri Bhoi District as a new organization has been formed on various grounds and for the purpose of strengthening the service The party held a swearing-in ceremony of all the leaders at the meeting.
I don't include these hajuh.
An Assam MLA has been robbed of Rs 14 lakh from a bank he deposited at the State Bank of India in Guwahati.
Phrin Mawkon of Tangmang, did not have any expectation that her son Mit Mawkon, who has been dead for 28 years, will still be alive. The relatives of Bah Mit, whether they thought he would return home, replied that the story about Bah Mit ended like a dead man. “It's just four brothers, three girls and one boy, we thought he was dead but now we have three more,” said the brother of Bah Mit.
It is at this juncture that the KHADC has revived the Act and set up a new committee to ensure that it will be implemented.
The MYPC leaders also announced that they will resign from the party in protest against the leaders for not listening to their demands.
The book was launched by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency, who is also the Minister of State in charge of Water Supply and Hydropower (PHE). Dr. SI Iawphniaw, In-charge Principal of Sngap Syiem College Mawkyrwat, Dr. Carness Sohshang, MDC of the constituency along with members of the Governing Body and faculty of the college.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the delegation he led from the state, met with the Minister of Health and Minister of Agriculture of the Union Government during their visit to New Delhi yesterday.
We hope that miracles will happen and will continue to happen because we see the spirit of knowledge and enthusiasm in the ASHA workers, Anganwadi workers, Dorbar Shnongs and young men and women who work hard for many years. day to help and support fellow human beings and residents during this time of pandemic.
The incident occurred when Ramdev alleged that thousands of people have died because they relied on foreign medicines to protect themselves from covid-1
In a report released recently, the C&AG office has identified some departments where the work has been slow and they have not provided receipts to prove where they have spent public money.
After the opening ceremony, the next program will be the final of the 3rd Sniawbhalang Dhar Football Tournament.
The ruling Awami League won 288 seats out of 300 seats in Parliament, while the opposition Bangladesh National Party won only seven seats. Helal Uddin Ahmed, Secretary to the Election Commission.
These things are not far away now.
Paisal Ali scored 3/5 in 3 overs, while Aristo R Marak (2/9), Gulgul Sangma (2/17) and Bilgrak G Sangma (2/19) scored the most points. ).
Shillong, Nailar 29: Hundreds of vendors have turned up at the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) this afternoon. This is the first time that the people have come to the District Council with another opinion.
The only NPP MP from Tura who is also the sister of the Chief Minister has given her full support to the CAB and voted in favor of the CAB. of the state who didn't even think of the MP from Tura to do so.
In the incident, Ma Lastingson Rymbai, 27, husband of Rosemary Bamon, died along with five others from the same house.
Before leaving for the cemetery, a mass was held at the Cathedral Laitumkhrah.
He also gave an example that if the government wants to spend T.6000 thousand tyngka for the fee and if the fee costs T.10 thousand tyngka they have to pay another T. thousand dollars from the load.
On the other hand, the MDC extended his special thanks to the people and village leaders of the area, for their efforts to maintain peace and order without any border dispute between the people. He urged the people of the area to maintain this behavior or to respect each other among themselves, so that peace and order will continue in the area.
“Yes, I remember talking.
According to sources, the landslide in Umdihar has also disrupted the traffic of public vehicles and with the action of the police from the Traffic Department to talk to the NHAI, the landslide has been cleared. The ground today and public vehicles have been able to pass through the road without using only one road of the 4-lane road.
Informing that he will hold a meeting with the members of the AMPSTA on 30th November, Dr Laloo said he is ready to meet with the members of the Joint Action Committee. JACATAM to discuss their issues.
Thangkhiew has been one of the senior lawyers of the Gauhati High Court since 2010, where he has been practicing civil and constitutional law.
Those who attended the function included the Chairman of the Nongpoh Town Committee, the Rangbah Shnong of Iewmawlong and others.
When asked about the election song Kongdeng Kongnah, Bah Smiling said that one of the most popular songs is “Ko Nongmih Khmat Ko Nongmih Khmut” which he composed for the HS Shylla in the 2018 MLA elections.
They were residents of Nongrim Sohra and had gone to Mawngap Market to buy pigs. The incident occurred while they were returning home.
However, from time to time it has happened and also in many places from Shillong to the countryside.
“If a household spends money for a small job to build a water tank in the house, it starts with the cleaning of the surrounding area from the rooftops.
KSU Mawryngkneng General Secretary Peter J. Lawai has admitted that the police have made unfounded accusations against him for trying to burn down the office of the BDO Mawryngkneng.
The training was aimed at raising awareness among the public on the need to protect and conserve wildlife to increase income by protecting these wildlife and their habitat.
“If the government has taken responsibility and taken action from the day the Prime Minister announced that the government has taken the decision to set up these border outposts, they should have been operational within 10 months,” said Malngiang. .
Therefore, there is hope throughout the world that all the dead will rise again one day on that day of the resurrection.
At the same time, the Seng congratulates those teachers who passed the examination Dl.
“To achieve many of the objectives in terms of tourism, the residents should have a spirit of welcome and openness to tourists, not only to their own people but also to foreigners. “People from other places too,” said Ma Kyrmen.
For the sake of traffic safety and to avoid traffic jam, all drivers are requested not to drive too fast, not to overtake and not to overload.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) MLA from West Bengal, Manas Ranjan Bhunia, on Tuesday condemned the allegation by Congress leader Rahul Gandhi against the TMC. Bhunia strongly condemned Rahul Gandhi's allegation that the TMC is Team B of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and that the TMC is supporting the BJP in the state.
Police in Ri Bhoi District on Friday seized heroin worth T.9 crore and arrested three persons involved in a search operation in Nongpoh area.
However, on the day of the hearing, it was said that the lawyers of Assam had promised to the judges to stop the construction in the area of ​​the case.
The Jews lost their second Temple and scattered all over the world but God did not forget Jerusalem and the land of Israel so He allowed the Muslims to build a temple near this temple. the Jews and this temple is still there.
" (Rev William J Barber) Amen.
Earlier, the team had suffered a 2-0 defeat in three games against Australia.
This has caused problems to the passengers especially to those who are suffering from illness.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District, has also expressed its concern over the frequent landslides at the Sonapur Tunnel and causing traffic jams for many hours due to the landslides at the Sonapur Tunnel. The union demanded that the Prime Minister should take action to talk to the NHAI authorities to build the tunnel in the landslide areas for the safety of the passengers.
This means that Khasi films have been allowed to be shown at Bijou Cinema but if there are more popular Hindi films they have to wait for months to be shown.
On receiving information about the incident, the Fire Brigade from Umïam Police Station rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
The truck collided with a child in Mawrong village, Ri Bhoi District while she was returning from Mawrong village to Shillong.
Neymar has made it clear that he does not want to stay with PSG, but he does not want to move to Barcelona.
The Congress Youth Leader said that although this building (NPP Office) may not be a strong building because it is a building for the masters and not for the people like the ISBT and the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. We believe that the NPP should follow the rules of law in obtaining permission before building this office”.
He complained that these people were led by Brostar Ora, Tobias Tiewdop, Macdonald Mawa, Bines Ksanlah, Sarubai Dorbar, Lumlang Swet and others.
"“We have seen the border dispute between Mizoram and Assam, the MLAs of Mizoram regardless of the Ruling or Opposition Party go to the border but if there are any riots and incidents on the border “Our politicians don't speak only in words,” said the KSU leader. “We see that even in the election campaign they don't speak but they speak only in the election campaign. and whatsoever they speak evil of one another.
In this regard, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, today introduced an official resolution demanding that the Central Government should amend the Presidential Order
Besides the increase in the price of synsar, the price of tyrpad leaves has also increased. The price of tyrpad leaves is now only T.16 tyngka per kilo while the price of labor and transportation is high.
On the other hand, Bah Turon Kharbhih, former Village Officer of Mawñianglah, said that the village itself is against this proposal and as is the village officer of Mawrashe.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony, Ma Lyngkor Kynjing, Additional Deputy Commissioner West Jaintia Hills, urged parents to take their children to the pharmacies to take part in this National Deworming Day.
“The conflict has caused bloodshed and it will not stop if it is allowed to continue.
This has caused problems to the residents of these villages especially the school children who pass through this road every day.
“The work on the construction of the center will start this year and according to the target, it should be completed within three years,” said the director.
Shatrughan will join the Congress on June 6, 2019 and will contest from the Patna Sahib Lok Sabha seat in Bihar.
Babu Kular said that many school authorities especially the Principal/Headmaster/Headmistress do not have the money to pay to hire substitute teachers in the last three or four months and this has led to the students sitting without teachers. it will affect their reading.
After receiving a tip, the troops of the 200 Battalion of BSF Meghalaya, in collaboration with the state police, seized the sugar and kwai.
Part: 4 – The journey of Israel to the Promised Land – the miracles of God.
Speaking on the occasion, the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, recalled the earthquake in Gujarat last year, which claimed the lives of many people and many other incidents. The government has taken steps to conduct training programs for the youth and has also launched the Aapda Mitra scheme to be the first people to look after the situation in the villages. their.
Like other ethnic groups such as the Adivasi or Janjati, in India the Khasi people are recognized by the Constitution as the indigenous people of the Khasi Hills. .
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) has agreed to conduct an investigation.
ChorusYou son of a man, how do you know why you have written a book of shynraiñ?
That you may have peace of mind and peace of mind throughout your life.
They also discussed the loss of some places which have benefited the people, including the Dream Land Amusement Park at Khanapara and especially the Transit Camp at Khnapara.
School management Schools can be grouped into complexes or clusters to be managed in this way to ensure the provision of their needs such as libraries and qualified teachers.
Adding to his speech, Deb said that the rich cannot decide who will sit in the Khadar rule, but they have the right to live a peaceful life. He said that it is necessary to live in a spirit of brotherhood in the state.
If then I do that which I would not, I consent unto the law that it is good.
Three others were injured in the incident. The injured were identified as Johnnyellson Wahlang (23), Bankit Marngar (19) and Twenly. Pariong (46 years).
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The supporters of the HSPDP from Nongstoiñ constituency have expressed their opposition to the allegation of violence by the party office bearers especially in the implementation of schemes in the rural areas.
“I don't care, if they still want, it doesn't matter, I'll explain again,” he said.
Maitshaphrang said that in these days and years, we have seen that there are many orphanages and where are the Kurs of these orphanages.
Mawlai SC opened the scoring through Khrawkupar Jana in the 46th minute, but Ryntih SC opened the scoring through Yami Longvah in the 66th minute. .
These cases will be referred to the Fast Track Special Court set up by the State Government.
He doesn't come to the dorbar and he doesn't speak inside the dorbar,” said Ronnie.
The revenue of the department from 2010-2014 has reached T.1274.16 lakh.
Murder shall be condemned by all, for no one can take the law into his own hands.
When we say to implement the ILP it does not mean that we are preventing anyone from coming to Meghalaya but the purpose is to regulate the entry and exit and we all know that the government Through the committee set up by the government, it has approved and recommended to implement the ILP but it has been a source of confusion to the people from time to time.
In this age, there have been attempts to gather kur, but all these attempts are only rongphong and end only in the collection of money and food or toilet, there are no those results that strengthen the kur. longkur longjait even in the midst of this struggle and suffering of the Khasi people who have been attacked by the authorities.
Two Diocesan Priests, Rev. Sholinstar Kharkongor of St. Paul's Upper Shillong and Rev. John Paul Syiem Sad of Mawlai Parish.
Naiwieng 02: A group of 14 journalists from Maharashtra concluded their visit to Meghalaya by visiting Shillong Press Club today. to this group of journalists.
East Khasi Hills has 161 cases and West Jaintia Hills has the second highest number of cases with
He said that the government has a goal to support the manufacturers of the state by providing assistance to them and opening up the market for them to sell their products. that they produce.
Out of this, T.301 crore has been allocated for the salaries of Technical Assistants.
Shillong, Lber 24 : With the aim of improving the tit cultivation in the state and especially to improve the health of the residents, the Meghalaya government through the Ministry of Agriculture has planned to introduce machinery. title rep from Japan.
There is no need for a people who respect those laws.
“I will not contest on my own but I have ordered some of my supporters who intend to contest MDC to apply for tickets from the Congress,” said Ba Nongrum. don't want to contest this election.
The competition was inaugurated by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Guest in the presence of the Vice Provincial, Economist Fr.James Thyrniang, Fr.Primus Syiem and other religious leaders. parents and families of the participants.
They create ways and means to be elected in order to loot and violate the rights of the people.
At its meeting, the JAC on Saturday decided to accept the new decision but the companies have not yet implemented the government's notification.
He said this while talking to reporters in Amlarem on the second day of his joining the National People's Party (NPP) together with his supporters to support with one voice Stephan Mukhim, the NPP candidate. and Depth.
“Tharai you're in church Bah Bah.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the President said that since ancient times, the indigenous people have been protecting the environment according to their knowledge, customs and traditional beliefs.
Speaking to reporters, Belsi Kharbani and Ferdinand Iawphñiaw said that the FKJGP after receiving information about this incident, cannot remain silent, but the FKJGP spirits of sympathy and compassion go to meet face to face with the owners of the household which is a small sign to shake hands or to give a right hand or a right hand to give assistance even if they cannot give Many but only as a sign is the contribution to the families in such incidents and the grief of losing the house they used to live in.
Dongmihsngi beat Lumchyrmang 2-0
“In fact, it is enough and they should have approved it because no one (except me who introduced the amendment) can stand up and say that it should be taken to the Select Committee,” he added. .
All three Unions of Village Authorities of Jowai, War Jaintia and Ri Jaintia Village Authorities have decided to work together to improve the development of West Jaintia Hills District. The death toll has risen to 1213 in the state on Thursday.
The Behdeiñkhlam of Seiñraij Mukhla started today and will end on the 25th of this month.
Nongpoh: The annual meeting of the women of the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh District Nongpoh Sirdarship under the banner of the Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh Weaving Handloom was held today. at the Mawiong Stadium in Ri Bhoi.
The Elders of Ri Bhoi Sepngi District together with the leaders of the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Divisional Demanding Committee (PSDDC), on 9th November received and honored Bah BJ Kharshandi, Sub-Divisional The first officer of Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, since its opening on the 2nd of this month.
For example, people who stand in line to wait for a job usually give the first ones because they arrive earlier than the others.
In another development, the Lumkshaid Youth Wing strongly condemned the brutality of the Barapathor police who shot and bombed Malcolm Dkhar, a resident of Lumkshaid.
Menangmankhraw Kharkongor (SSLC), Alden Kenan Massar (ICSE), Angelus Khongbinan and Badarisha Mawrie (HSSLC Arts), Melboreen Massar (HSSLC Commerce) were awarded with trophies and cash prizes. ), Amy Grace Langstieh (HSSLC Science), Wanhunlang Khyllait (BA) and Rilarympei Diengdoh (MA).
Kareena also expressed her desire to act in a film with Ryan and described him as a talented and beautiful actor.
And when these antibodies have killed the germs that have entered your body, they stay in your body to fight back germs that may enter later.
The new office building, constructed at a cost of Rs 45 crore, has an auditorium, a seat for lawyers and other rooms for business.
Siddharth Kumar Ambedkar, Superintendent of Police (SP) of South Garo Hills, has been transferred to the post of Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Garo Hills following the transfer of Abraham T. Sanmga.
It is learned that AICC Secretary in charge of the state V. Narayanasamy will soon visit the state to discuss the issue.
“Now I'll wait for how many enemies will come, I won't be afraid even if I have to die,” said Lydia Khrui's father.
My mother is old.
Leaflets were also distributed to explain the dangers and dangers of drugs.
It's like heaven on earth,” said the father and shrut the cow's neck.
The road has been constructed at a cost of T.43 crore.
In Rajabala, the BJP, UDP and NPP have joined hands.
jidik-pa-khyndiat: to be able to speak, to be able to speak, to be able to work.
The DGP said that money is one of the reasons why drugs have entered easily, as many people get involved for money.
Angela Ryngad said that the union is ready to cooperate with the government for the smooth implementation of the rules and regulations of the government and the health department, but the government has not yet informed them. proposed by Meghalaya Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered one of the defendants to submit documents and other requirements on the 52,000 MT coal scheduled to be exported to Bangladesh in June
The award recognizes the best in the field of news broadcasting in India.
Tangba was told that he had a house.
Such people have no incentive for adequate education that will truly build up the children.
Speaking at the meeting, Forwardman Nongrem, President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his pride that from time to time, the youth have improved in the field of sports to showcase themselves and the country. Nations to the whole world.
“Most of the voters came to vote in the morning and out of these there are three polling stations where the turnout has exceeded 96 percent,” he said.
He said that the Ajmera building which has a stolen electricity supply to one of these houses did not agree and had to be cut off.
Shillong, March 16: Doctors at NEIGRIHMS have achieved another milestone in the treatment of cancer and tumour.
And if the family does not have daughters, but only sons, this Act shall empower the sons to inherit from their parents without being transferred to the Kur when the parents die. of them, as it happened because they did not have this Law.
The chief guests on the occasion were the Minister of State and MLA of Khliehriat Kyrmen Shylla, the Chief MDC of the area and Dy CEM JHADC Lasky Rymbai.
“These are not new issues, but since Bah Ronnie Lyngdohu became MLA, these issues have come up from time to time, which we as the people cannot accept,” said Bah Dohling.
In the past few days, the Achik Conscious Holistic Integrated Crime (ACHIK) on Thursday started raising its demand to make Tura the capital of Meghalaya during the rainy season. The Mini Secretariat is located in Dakopgre, Tura.
Ladthalaboh has ordered the closure of markets, shops, schools and offices, as well as the closure of vehicles within the boundary of Ladthalaboh village and the Seinraij Jowai has closed all parking lots operated by it in the area of which has affected all the villages in the district.
Dr Laloo said, “Work is better than just making promises”.
He said that the presence of more than 20,000 party workers and members will transform the state through the support of the people.
According to reports, a 3-year-old child has lost his life after drowning in a waterpark in Texas, while his mother was sleeping in the phone for hours, along with the songs you sing and the songs you listen to.
She has now demanded an investigation against Negi in order to uncover the truth.
Other speakers on the occasion were D Dhyan from Assam who said that the protest was against India's attempt to exploit the people of the North East. India has not granted ILP to other places and states.
In the next match which started at 4:45 pm, Umrynjah SC beat Dilingiem YSCWA 2 – 1 goals. Rijoylang Syiemlieh scored the first goal in the 18th minute.
It was like a trailer jeep and some of those who followed him were only riding trailers but the supporters of the Congress Party were not riding trailers but they would ride firmly and support the candidate of the Congress Party in the election. which will be held in 2023," he said.
She said that the NHHDC has its own department in charge of improving and decorating the products produced by the local artisans or clothes to sell them through the online market or e- commerce including Amazon, Flipkart and Indiamart.
Surprisingly, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board has gone ahead to hold the Public Hearing despite the hustle and bustle.
Other larger and more populous states of India which have included ST, SC, OBC, and General; they can still allocate more separately to the economically weaker section and people with disabilities; In Meghalaya, the president of the UDP has said that the people of the country will review the job reservation policy to open the way for the poor to improve their jobs. In the higher posts by allocating special allocation to the economically weak section, he said it is too sensitive.
Other speakers included the party candidate, Bah Bajop Pyngrope, District President B. Nonglang, Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, Bah Synran Nongshlong, other leaders who joined the party. The party office bearers from all over the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency have received a report.
The meeting was held at the headquarters of the KJWA, Umsohsun.
“We have given them time to convene the Hima Dorbar, Pyllun Dorbar and we hope they will do so before the end of June,” said the CEM of KHADC.
“The government has accepted the proposal sent by the GHADC,” said Kropha, while the proposal sent by the JHADC has not been accepted because it is not sufficient.
AAY and PHH rice is free of charge.
The BJP is one of the political parties that has had a good understanding with the NPP in the recent MDC elections in GHADC and the two parties are in the same synrop group. They have a strong understanding in the last elections where the NPP has nominated a candidate and the BJP has not nominated a candidate. BJP and NPP have not nominated candidates.
Speaking on the election manifestos, it was noted that the BJP, which has been in power since 2014, has implemented its manifestos.
“Mama, I want to tell you that my father wants you to come home...” said Lydia. Bah Shanbor was surprised.
It is learned that this morning, the Assam Police, who had brought the Puh Shilum, came near the school in the morning, but after a while they destroyed it with the Puh Shilum. .
A person can die suddenly at any time, when he can no longer breathe.
Prestone said that in the past few days, the Government has tried to meet Amit Shah in Delhi, but as he is abroad, the Chief Minister has not. He sent a letter to the Government so that it could understand and inform the Sengbhalang.
According to the Executive Chairman of MOBOSE, MIL has become an elective subject, not like before when students had to fight Khasi and English, but now it is only English that they have to take.
There are some lists of lower income earners who do not participate in this scheme.
The whole country was filled with the wrath of God.
He urged the youth to take good care of these trees so that when we come back at some point we will get these trees planted today. they are plunging.
According to sources from the MPCC, the invitation for applications for candidates has been handed over to each Block Congress to complete before that deadline.
Police have registered a case in connection with the incident.
In a statement, the leader of the group, Bah Neil Nongkynrih, said that although the group cannot take part in the mombati ceremony on the 26th of this month, the group is still in existence. in Mumbai, but she prayed for the rest of Vikash's soul.
The purpose of TULBA is to encourage the youth through sports and to avoid alcoholic beverages especially drugs which has spread around these days even in the rural areas. which is a serious threat especially to young children.
The committee urged the JAC (Joint Action Committee) to be willing to work together for the welfare of the people of the area.
The residents and village leaders of Maikhuli have urged the state government officials to talk to the Assam government, as all the residents of Maikhuli village do not want to go to Assam. The village pond which has been in existence for many years will not be located within the border of Meghalaya.
They said that these mawbynna were erected by the 7 kurs at the expense of their own money to maintain the reputation of the Hima but they were destroyed by about 50 people.
Also present on the occasion were SSA office bearers including Bah Karsing Kurbah, Bah Prosper Warjri, Freddy Kharpran and others.
ZORO, a group led by Chin-Kuki-Mizo-Zomi people from across India, Bangladesh and Myanmar, led the rally.
He said that he had sent a complaint to the Chief Secretary of the State on 20th June but no reply has been received yet.
On the other hand, Bah P. Laloo, Joint Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and Kong Isawanda Laloo, Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, expressed their satisfaction and hope that the collaboration with the EPP will be successful. bring forth the fruit of victory.
The Secretary in-charge of the Revenue and Disaster Management Department, Kong Matsiewdor War Nongbri on Tuesday said that a well has collapsed in Wailong Sutnga village under Wapung C&RD Block, East Jaintia Hills District. of one person and damage to a house.
He said that the scheme is to empower the unemployed youth who have education, this will help in opening up opportunities for them. to improve their skills in the jobs they intend to do and to create more jobs for others who are not needed in order to improve income in the rural areas. .
Manbok Paswet, son of (T) Durka Paswet & (T) Ram Laloo of Loompyrdi Iongpiah passed away on 16th November, 2021 at 11:00 am. He was taken to Guwahati for treatment.
As one of the parties recognized by the Election Commission of the country, the National Party should try its best to strengthen its own family before leaving the UDP. It is still difficult to rely on other parties to strengthen the power of the government.
In the Master degree, only one student from Raplang Nongsiej has received an MSc Mathematics First Class.
At the end of the programme, there was also a donation of Symbai Krai to the farmers of Nongjngi and Khanduli Villages as part of the promotion of the cultivation of this plant.
Salary:- Rs.30,000/- per month (fixed).
The NPP has also demanded the removal of SP West Garo Hills Mukesh Singh on charges of involvement in the death of Balson Marak.
At least 10 people have been killed in a landslide in Aizawl this morning.
In the Ladies category, Asibeiu Chopoid came first with a time of 3:37:27, Chelsey Byrsat came second ( 3:38:00) and Melissa Soanes came third (3:58:43).
Isaiah 38:1–5.
In the afternoon, the ksing lumpaid was played at 12 noon followed by a prayer before the crowd went back to the lumpung shad at Weiking Square at 1:30 pm.
He said that during this special month of Ïingdak, the office will conduct public awareness campaigns and Adhar registration in the rural areas to raise awareness about the benefits of Social Security Pensions, Jan Insurance Scheme (PMJJY, PMSBY, APY) and others.
On the other hand, AMSPA strongly opposes this and we urge the relevant authorities of the State Government to listen to the complaints of the parents and urge them to take immediate action against such incidents. If the State Government allows the school to fulfill this objective, it should also allow all the schools to call for the Application Forms of Class XI and Class XII as well. to collect their school fees so that it will not leave in the dark all those who wish to get a full education.
The Positive Energy Art Foundation is committed to working closely with educational institutions in India and abroad and other groups, in order to strengthen the society of various parts of the country and as well as parts of the state.
Richard Kharbani has been released from the case as he was found not involved in the robbery.
He was appointed as the Chief Adviser of FKJGP Thadlaskein Circle.
On the other hand, Ma Vincent H Pala MP MP Lok Sabha was the chief guest to lay the foundation stone in the presence of Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh, Paidolyne L Nonglait DSEO, Rev DS Roy Muktieh Executive Secretary I /C CED, RBP Synod, Rev KP Masharing, Executive Secretary, RBP Synod, Bah W Radu Principal and other dignitaries together with parents, teachers and students of the school. school.
It is worth mentioning that until now, the forest, which falls under the jurisdiction of the Raid Sawkur Nongkseh, has many trees and shrubs.
The youth of today should understand clearly that the story of Sohpetbneng is a new one that has spread around to name the heritage of the people of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, which in the Pnar language is called Ynñiawwasa Ynñiawwasung.
Surprisingly, these questions have scored 720 out of
“There are about 160 micro-processing plants, including processing plants for sying, Shynrai, Kwai, Sohphan, processing of oilseeds, cashew, Sohmarit and Kait, who has already started.
The suspect was identified as Gojin Sangma, 35, of Hatimara Killing.
Shillong, November 20: The defeat of the UDP candidate from Mawthadraishan in the mid-term MDC elections has raised questions to the MLA of the party constituency, Bah H Brolding Nongsiej.
Then he will call the goats on his right, greedy and hypocrites, saying, “Depart from me, you evildoers, into the fire. For I was an hungred, and ye gave me no drink: I was sick, and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye visited me not: I was naked, and ye clothed me not.
When the two organizations investigated, they found that the reason for the theft was to get money to buy drugs.
He said that if the Khasi people have the opportunity, they should have more opportunities to develop.
The KSU has held a meeting to demand the withdrawal of the BSF troops from Sonapyrdi.
Shillong: U CEM of KHADC, Bah Tistosstarwell Chyne, today visited the Khasi Traditional Medicine Institute (KHADC) at Sohpetbneng Hill, Ri Bhoi District. Speaking to reporters, Bah Chyne said that the purpose of his inspection today was to see that the houses have been completed and those that have not been completed. now it is only roads, water and electricity.
I feel like a young man who has a real concern I want to express my opinion and ask questions if it is right or wrong I expect not to throw away!! Lakhs of metric tonnes of Khasi-Jaintia Hills have been exported to India and Bangladesh.
This household is also suffering because it is a household of a woman who takes care of all the needs of the household and 5 children including 3 girls and two boys after the death of the father. of the house is no more.
In connection with this day, it was found that all the churches celebrate it separately, but the surprising thing is that it ends only in the celebration inside the church.
In the meeting, the farmers who own farmland in the border areas demanded that the signboard should be erected directly from the Zero Line so that their farmland will not be destroyed after the erection of the signboard.
Jesus is the way to God, who is the Father in heaven and Jesus is the way and the truth.
Aizawl started the game well when Lalrinzuala Lalbiaknia scored the first goal for the team after four minutes.
The meeting was conducted by T.Samayan and speeches were delivered by Rastingwell Thabah, who said that this program is part of the objective of explaining to the public which candidates should be elected in the elections. this time.
Two men from East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh and Bah Thomas Nongtdu, who have received a license to mine coal, are Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh and Bah Thomas Nongtdu. Speaking at the meeting, a special program was held at Khliehriat today to honor those who have been able to mine coal. of the state, Conrad.
The non-compliance with the decisions of the Court has become like an immediate breakdown of the thied bah to stand firm according to various rules of law and has turned it into a sleeping bag for the law enforcement agencies.
Shillong, Naiwieng 5: Thirteen political parties have decided to suspend the government's delay in implementing the Entry of Mynder Act into the state.
Shadap, 5
Although Davis tried to fight hard, Pegula came back strong and eventually won.
The ban on eligible Garo nurses from entering the MLHP has caused emotions from many quarters,” said Bernard in a statement on Tuesday.
He said that the BJP leaders from the area have informed the party leaders in Delhi that if the party bans the slaughter of cows, it will affect the party and will bring opposition from the people of the party. the whole area.
According to the MLAs who have joined the Congress party who are independent MLAs and also the Congress MLAs understand that soon there will be a change of leadership within the present government led by the Congress party.
Katakey, who was in Garo Hills to collect information on the coal mining in Garo Hills, said that the survey of coal mining sites through drones will help to ensure the destruction of the industry. Justice BP Katakey said: “It's not a good idea.
Once they have returned from their studies, after spending lakhs of rupees, they have to register themselves with the Meghalaya Nursing Council to get a license. They cannot apply for jobs except in any health center in the state.
The office bearers include President Emidao Ryngkhlem, Vice President Ribhamiki Dkhar, General Secretary Dawan Lipon and Assistant General Secretary Ngaitmon Pakma.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Two persons were killed and others seriously injured when suspected members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) opened fire on a village in South West Garo Hills. hills district in the morning.
If anyone has taken money or has not received these items, they can complain to the undersigned by writing clearly the name and village of the ration sellers so that they can be punished. to him.
Before he got married, his name was Joy Mohon Roy.
The issue came to light after MLA Adelbert Nongrum asked a question in the Legislative Assembly to seek clarification from the Minister of Home Affairs, who said that he had no information about the incident. However, a few days later, the RAM itself has come forward to expose itself publicly as can be seen through the newspapers and digital media.
Nonglait was admitted to the hospital on July 4 and was scheduled to be discharged on July
The tournament was held at the Basketball Court, DC's Office where Bah Damang Syngkon, District Sports Officer, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest to open the tournament.
“He said that people are now aware and such incidents have decreased, but what is needed now is that the village authorities should have training to their residents on this part to avoid any accidents.
On the 12th she performs the ritual according to her promise.
Shortly after, during the search, the vehicle was found, while the money and the driver fled the scene, the report said.
Up to 64 colors from 30 villages, 19 villages from East Jaintia Hills and 11 villages from West Jaintia Hills will participate in Behdeinkhlam.
The CEM of KHADC, Bah Nongrum, has sought clarification from the Chief Minister on the reason why the state government has delayed in sending the Bill to the Governor for approval.
USG whole abdomen, lower and upper abdomen, KUB, etc.d.
• Even if we could provide installations, do we have the transportation and qualified personnel to do these jobs?• Does anyone realize how long it will take to prepare qualified personnel for the vaccination of so many people in the country?• So far, the country has not done the vaccination of those who are Elderly.
After drinking, the owner of the house said to me, “Pastor, sit down with these friends, I will go and catch some fish from the river that I have set aside for you. you".
There are still very few Christian churches, there are still very few churches, only tin and lyntang churches, and there are very few houses.
Bah Syiem, who has been demanding the legalization of marriage since 1986, has been involved for about 30 years.
The following documents should be accompanied by the Court fee Stamp T.14/-, the decision of the Dorbar Shnong, the names of the members of the Vigilance Committee and their phone numbers, the Epic Card, Bank Account No. (Xerox the front page of the passbook showing the names of Bank Accounts etc.), 2 Passport size photographs, Mobile Phone number, Bank Security Deposit Rs.5000/- ( San Thousand Rupees) and Aadhaar Number.
The Longshuwa also speak of the Holy Age or the Golden Age, to explain the story of the golden bridge of the rise and fall in which 'Ka Hok – ka shikyntien' still sticks to the minds of the Khasi. like a man in a golden bowl spirituality where man speaks God hears when man asks, God answers and when man cries out, God hears in relationship peace from man to God is perfect, peace rules in this world because the relationship of the spirituality of man is still rooted in the mind of man in the mind of man. The right to reach God, which the Khasi associates with the marketplace of worldly life, is nothing else and turns away – God has not yet risen in relationship – it is in the lifestyle to reach God.
Jowai, Lber 20: Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai, today held a quiz competition for the members of the college's BIS Standards Clubs.
Everything you do starts from your home, cleanliness or dignity, at home you clean, you collect the nuts but you throw them outside the house, this is our responsibility,” said Bah Kharkrang.
The Secretary of the village, Bah Warjri, said that this year is the first year to fight against crime inside the village and outside.
The Minister gave this reply to a Call Attention Notice submitted by Mawsynram MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, who expressed his regret over the lack of action by the Government to address the affected people. rep kwai from the infection of the newly harvested kwai.
According to sources, the NIA conducted a search operation on Thursday and arrested the suspects the following day (Saturday). ).
The Training Session for those students who have already been selected will start from 18th to 29th November 2023 in Shillong.
But we are confident that soon I will be able to take the decision away.
The program was attended by Ramkumar S, IAS, Mission Director, NHM Meghalaya, doctors including Dr. M Mawrie, State TB Officer, Dr. J. Kharwanlang, District Tuberculosis. Officer and other doctors and guests.
Four teams including Tirot Sing Syiem, Kiang Nongbah, Phan Nonglait and Patogan Sangma have participated in the tournament. Tirot Sing Syiem won the title with 365 points.
The VPP spokesperson said that after the implementation of the roster system, without a review of the policy, it will lead to a lack of recognition in government jobs which can continue from generation to generation.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said, “In this age, it is a fierce struggle, one of them is the availability of mobile phones which spread through social media and if we cannot fight ourselves you are a shisha.
Now it is seen that they blame the internet for no reason, because if the unemployed youth know the truth, they will find their own way, like the youth. Those who fight for scholarships with these reasons are only the opinions of Jiei.
The meeting was organized by Bah Kyntiewborlang Syiemlieh, President and office bearers of Nongspung Hima Youth Association with the support of Bah M Rani, Acting Chief, Bah D Syiemlieh, Secretary. and the officers of the Nongspung Hima.
Bibhudutta Sahu, Consultant of the Alliance for an Energy Efficient Economy (AEEE) said that the meeting was held recently and the organizers of the meeting took all the steps to involve groups from government sector and private entities.
On the other hand, the National Vice President also confirmed the Shillong East NPP Block.
On the issue of those who talk slowly and threaten to give guns to those living on the border, Bah Dhar said, “Who are those who say.
The committee includes Chairman James K Sangma, Minister of DCA, Metbah Lyngdoh, Hamletson Dohling, CEMs, MPs from the state, lawyers and presidents of the party.
Worldwide, the number of cases has risen to 61.65 lakh and the death toll to 3.71 lakh.
Ma Robinus learned of the photograph until yesterday after his supporters saw the photograph on social media and went to show it to him.
On November 7, the Government announced the relocation of 342 households of Harijan Colony from Mawlong Market to another 1.4 acre plot.
The source said that not only did they seize the letter, but the Assam police also entered Athiabari village and asked whether there were any members of the KSU in the village. They also visited the tablets of Rangsapara village in West Khasi Hills, which has been implemented under the MGNERGS scheme of Mawshynrut Block.
“How do you crane?
The café has pleaded guilty to the allegations and has paid a fine to the tax officers.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hercules Suting, said that the visit of the union members to put up signs and signs in all the Dewbilat shops, is a warning to the Dewbilat shops. that they should no longer use or import Dewbilat TOP-CEM for sale to the public.
The program was also attended by teachers of St Joseph's Sec School and was sponsored by the Department of Social Welfare.
The celebration started at 8.30 pm with the laying of flowers at the statue of the Founder of the Church Hajom Kissor Singh by Moderator Chibordon S Shylla and the unfurling of the flag.
The fourth test for Covid-19 in the state will be completed today, according to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The first test was negative, the second and third tests were positive and the fourth test was positive today. you are still positive.
Lecturer DIET, Thadlaskeiñ as the chief guest in the presence of Kong AP Syiem, DSEO-West Jaintia Hills, Jt.
Ernest Marwein scored four goals 67', 69', 73' and 78' for Salaroh.
The JHADC has summoned three and five members of the 18 Dolloi to investigate the revenue collection gate of the Dorbar of Dolloi Ri Jaintia.
“This Farmer ID is like an EPIC Card, and if farmers want assistance they can go to the office with their ID,” said Diengdoh.
The second semifinal will be played between Azriel SC and Nongbri Brothers FC on the 4th June, 2023, at 2 pm, at Madan Saitsnad, Mawlangwir.
Although the date of the election has not been announced, the UDP has already announced that Bah Pius Marwein is its candidate, while the PDF has announced that Bah Pynshngain Syiem will contest the election.
Diarrhea can be prevented by giving antibiotics in the diet.
“We should not allow the Enforcement Police to sit in the office but to ensure that they go to the market places to check for illegal trade,” he added.
Mount Shishapangma is the 14th highest mountain in the world, at an altitude of 8,027 meters or 25,335 feet above sea level.
The students who received the awards and honors include Laaibiang Khonglah, Sawanda Nylang, Charity Rymbai, Deisuk Tongper, Renuka Lutang, Hun I Dhar Pohtmi, Leban Lamare, Sandani Lamare, Ibanylla Surong and Jessica. Lady Diana Dhar, Zenith Thong, Twinkile Pyrngai, Boby Mary Pyrngai and 25 others.
The tournament will be played on 22nd June 2023 (Saturday) in four rounds.
Shillong: U Gabriel T Mawlong, a youngster who came to take part in the India Talent Fight, said that the availability of voting coupons in various competitions has discouraged the voters. sap because this always takes into account the sales of these coupons and the points awarded by the judges.
“The people of Meghalaya have witnessed that it is not only the MDA-I and 2 Governments that have taken care of the issues that have arisen and also how to complete the new Shillong City at Mawdiangdiang as soon as possible.
At the same time, consolation prizes were also distributed to all the participants.
In a statement, the Executive Committee of JADC has decided to appoint posts from Grade I to Grade III without public approval. that forest gaurd.
The elder of the church, Bah K.Wahlang, is on his way to Bethany Hospital in Shillong for treatment. Hills.
The MPF has been slow to recognize the Lamphang as the UDP, which is the largest opposition party in the House, has not had enough MLAs.
Moses, when he led the children of Israel, the Israelites fought against God and Moses on the way when they left Egypt after 430 years of slavery in Egypt, God and he was wroth with the children of Israel, and said, I will destroy you.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, who is also the MLA of the area, congratulated the members of the Managing Committee of the school especially the Head Master. He said that there are many other things that need to be done as part of the development of the school. schools and for that it requires the cooperation of all teachers, parents and government agencies, he said.
He said that poverty will continue if the government does not take measures to improve the livelihood of the people through policies to open up the income and lifestyle of the residents.
The Myntdu River has flooded due to the sudden rise in the water level.
In the Pediatric Department, Dr. Ibakordorshisha Sun and three other doctors assist her.
Nongpoh, July 06: The Center for Gender Studies (USTM) today launched a National Gender Studies Programme. Seminar on the Development of the North Eastern States of India.
"You're a good man, you'll find out where to come every time," said Peter's mother. "That's right, I have to come anyway," said Bah Bok. “Yes, he told me,” said Bah Bok. “Yes, he told me,” replied Peter's mother. “I came here to meet you, mother, to talk about something.” “What do you mean?” said Bah Bok. asked the mother carefully.
This morning, the entire village of Kynshi has been flooded again and worse, due to the heavy rainfall on the night of the 24th.
On this occasion, the union also honored St. Joseph Higher Secondary School, Nongkasen for bringing in the Top-20 in the SSLC 2023 and which is also one of the schools of It is the first school in Mawthadraishan area to bring fame and glory among the schools in Mawthadraishan.
He said that he has been addicted to drugs for three years now and because of his drug addiction, he has been stealing from his own house and extorting money from his family. just to get drugs.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Minister of PHE, Bah Prestone Tynsong, today said that the department has received T.146.33 crore from contractors across the state so far.
He said that the Northern Region has been treated badly from the leaders to various departments of the state government, and even mobile companies like Reliance and BSNL which have been operating in the region but have lost. The lights of these companies have also failed to operate, which has made it difficult for the people who use mobile phones to work easily.
On the other hand, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, President of FKJGP, expressed his deep sorrow over the incident.
The most important task for the State Government is to ensure the entry of people. Many people who pray and fear God will escape any terrible incident.
The completion of these roads will greatly assist Meghalaya in accelerating traffic and economic development.
Mairang SDO Arun Kembhavi will replace Dkhar as DC of West Jaintia Hills while Goyal has been promoted to Secretary Finance and Commissioner. (Tax).
Chapter 3 – The Young Foreigner in Jaintiapur Market.
For example, the forced marriage of Muslim women to polygamous men is an injustice that needs to be addressed.
Nongstoiñ, July 25: “I urge you the people and all the supporters of the HSPDP, to go into this election with a spirit of righteousness and truth”, said Speaking at the meeting of the Primary Unit Office Bearers of the party at Vanni Hall Pyndengrei, Nongstoin.
JCO MPSC 14000/-T payscale.
The service was conducted by Rev. HE Marbaniang and a speech was delivered by Rev AT Sohliya, her eldest son.
Shillong, Nailar 9: In preparation for the celebration of the 67th Independence Day of India, the Government of Meghalaya today appointed Ministers to visit the celebration sites across the state. to salute the Tricolor Lama of India which will be displayed in all government offices on the 15th of this month.
Our nation has grown up in a life of knowledge of man, knowledge of God and daily life on stable foundations as taught by our ancestors in the home.
He said that the Assam government even now borders on the land of the state and said that the villages in Mawhati area which in 2013 belonged to the state but now they have been allowed to. They are not from the state of Assam.
In West Garo Hills District, 11 cases include 7 High Risk Contacts and 4 cases from outside the state. out of state.
Thus this dynasty of the kings of Egypt disappeared, died because it violated the law of marriage.
They say that a thief does not enter a house without warning.
Ravi Singh scored 39 runs off 54 balls and Amit Deb Verma scored 30 runs off 47 balls.
We have been deceived by all of you, you have bought money, you have bought precious things like Mother India.
"The times of this ignorance God winked at; but now commandeth all men every where to repent" Acts 17:3
The protest at JNU was held against the execution of Afzal Guru, who attacked Parliament, where JNUSU President Kanhaiya Kumar was arrested on charges of anti-national speech.
Regarding the issuance of trading license and labor license, the Minister in charge of District Council said that reports have been received by the government that there are groups going around to inspect them. Labor License, in this regard, the District Councils have been directed to stop such activities and if any, they should be done by the personnel of the District Councils.
On the other hand, the government has directed the DC Ribhoi to explain to them so that they can build it for the convenience of all.
She said that the residents of the state have been in fear that foreigners will invade the village and destroy their livelihood.
“The JAC will hold a meeting on the 9th of this month to decide how to proceed with the protests and to discuss whether it is necessary to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court against the Vice Chancellor of NEHU. ," he said.
The Minister was responding to a question by Bah Adelbert Nongrum in the House.
He made this announcement after the celebration of the 58th Raising Day of the BSF at the BSF Headquarters, Umpling Shillong.
The no entry is due to the fact that the PWD will repair the road in this part of the road which is badly damaged.
On the 15th of this month, these three unions decided to shut down all trucks carrying Dewbilat and Clinker from various factories due to the refusal of the company officials to implement the decision of the Meghalaya government. According to the Notification issued on 13th January.
The organization cannot also express its gratitude to those who have contributed to the construction of this house through their physical and material contributions.
In a statement, the state police said that the two members surrendered to the North Garo Hills District Police.
The VDP strongly opposes the introduction of foreigners into illegal coke factories.
He struggled to pull and free her and after this she told that another child was still under water.
Things went smoothly again in 2014 when Prime Minister Narendra Modi came to power.
Father Antony Aluvassery V,C, the Chief Prayer at this Convention, took the time to talk to this writer and when this writer asked when you will come back to the Retreat Centre. Theft? Father Antony said time does not allow him because he has to go from place to place to pray to God and His mercy to help people in need of God's help.
However, now with this vehicle, we don't need to drive the vehicle but only the umphniang.
He said that they have not yet announced the list of MLAs who intend to join the party for the 2023 MLA elections.
Jesus as a Son trusted what His Father had planned.
Conrad met with many citizens and government officials at the new office today.
One night the gods appeared in her dream and promised to bring back a woman who looked like her to be the wife of her husband.
He said that the project, which has cost Rs 131 crore, should have held a meeting at Polo Ground, but it did not want to do so.
It is true that we have the Land Transfer Act, the Six Schedule but these are not enough according to the demands of the time for the country and the nation. IAS, IPS and those holding high ranks.
After receiving a tip, West Khasi Hills Police together with South Garo Hills Police and East Garo Hills Police conducted a thorough search operation against these people. bore the coal merchant.
He said that such incidents have happened in 2018 and last year, but it has reached a peace agreement and signed a peace agreement that such incidents should not continue but on their part. but they did not respect this and continued this evil deed.
A little bit about Bah Nehlang Lyngdoh, he is a man who has been involved in politics in the past, who has also been the leader of the area in the past years and has never been defeated in any election. He contested for the first time in the Meghalaya Assembly Election in 2003 from A-Rymbai Constituency where he won. After this, he retired for a while, where he did not contest the elections in 2013 and 2018, due to poor health. The Meghalaya Legislative Assembly 2023 election has been held again.
Speaking on Phase-II of the project, the Lamphang said that the Ministry of Development of North East Region (DoNER) has promised to fund Phase-II and the preparation of the Detailed Project. Report (DPR) has been submitted.
Every time before the elections, the MDA Government has been trying to thank the people just for political gain.
Such efforts and actions cannot be without praise.
The National People's Party (NPP) Leader Conrad K Sangma has alleged that the lack of a strong opposition in Meghalaya is due to the selfishness of Dr Mukul Sangma, who has left the Congress and Conrad K Sangma was speaking at a meeting held at Songsak in the presence of Symbud Lamphrang Timothy D Shira to get his full support for the candidate of the TMC. NPP Nihim D Shira will contest against Opposition Leader Mukul Sangma.
The celebration was held at Siejlieh Village Square, Nongstoin West Khasi Hills District and was attended by school children and residents.
Police did not arrest Saiful on the grounds that he was a minor.
It can be said that the disciples of Jesus Christ fulfilled what Jesus Christ commanded in their day.
The Civil Sub Division at Patharkhmah will be a great blessing and benefit to the residents of the area, as most of the residents have to travel to Nongpoh for their needs in various government departments, but With the establishment of the Civil Sub Division in Patharkhmah, almost all the works have been completed within the Civil Sub Division where all the government departments and offices will be present except for a few.
A meeting was also held between the MLA, MDC and Village Leaders of Umden area to discuss and discuss issues related to the fight against COVID-1 The MLA urged the village leaders to immediately set up a Community COVID-19 Management Committee in each of their villages.
KSU Narpuh Circle President Bah KS Suchiang has sent its condolences to the family members of KSU Narpuh Circle on the passing away of (L) Chiang Dhar. was killed by bloodthirsty robbers.
By interacting with foreigners we have acquired many good skills that benefit us in our daily relationships.
Samla Lambok Star Marngar said this at a meeting of the party held today at the Dorbar Hall, Sajer Nongpoh, where the party has confirmed the leaders of the 8 units. I'm from Nongpoh Circle.
The war zone is one of the most difficult to produce rule and most of the people live on the rule, the tyrpad leaf except for a few farmers by others who have better farmland.
We believe that this is the camp, which was occupied by members of the ANVC (B) and the investigation is ongoing”.
Similarly, the technology of this age has a great impact on the young children, especially the young children who are still in school.
However, the Japanese people are very cultured.
On the other hand, these organizations demanded that the state government should repatriate all the illegal immigrants who have come to live illegally within the border of Manipur.
Do this until you have filled 10 boxes of fertilizer so that the seeds can stand 3 to 5 syrtap.
On the other hand, Kong Dipika Lyngdoh explained in detail about the Eri garments from Meghalaya and explained the various aspects of the production of these garments by the talented people of Meghalaya.
He expressed his deep sorrow over the actions of the government in the past few days, which has thrown away the protesters who went to protest or protest in any place and has thrown them away at Madan Student. He said that from now on, the authorities will not allow such actions of the government.
In a letter dated 6th November 2013, the CSWO has sent a copy to the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, which has also sent a copy to the Commissioner & Secretary, Political Department. The CSWO Central Body led by Irene Hujon as President of the CSWO Central Body together with members of the CSWO Central Body, this evening visited the Civil Hospital, Shillong to visit several people who were injured in the clash. road on the Nongspung-Nongstoin bypass.
As I have shown above, in other countries of the world, especially in Hawaii, Singapore and Australia, sohtrun is cooked with sugar and packed in tins and shipped around the world.
This is the raibi that continues to descend from generation to generation until these days and times. you are our nation.
She also informed that the drawings of the drawing competition will be sent to Shillong for examination by the judges. State Level.
Louis said the police have sought clarification on his statement to burn down Shillong. “We will burn down, we will burn down and we will continue to burn down Shillong, if the state government does not to curb these forty kinds of evils and the violence against the nation by the foreigners"
Social media calls the principal of the college.
Speaking on this issue, the Minister said that the education department in the state has not yet held a meeting to discuss this issue but in the coming months when it is decided to lift the curfew, they will hold a meeting. this special meeting to discuss this issue".
He said that the amendment and introduction of some provisions in the Act will help the farmers who face problems from time to time in the market.
Besides collecting bills exactly without getting electricity, MeECL officials make bills without checking the meters.
Due to the maintenance of the road and also the poor condition of the road, there has been heavy traffic jam in Sonapur area and in some parts of the road in Kuliang, Umkiang and has caused Therefore, the mawphor will continue to follow up on the traffic jam.
Before he died, he said to one of the prisoners from the Jaintia Hills: "When you return to your country, tell my fellow countrymen that Tirot Singh has died as King.
So we sat in class-X together.
Before giving birth, a woman has the power to save and care for her child or to destroy him before he comes into this world.
“In fact, the championship was supposed to be held in July, but due to the third wave of Covid-19, it has been postponed to June,” said Marak.
This has happened because of the steps taken by those involved in this work which has been helped by open policies.
At the same time, he said that there have been signs that Garo Hills has gone on a good path after the ANVC and ANVC-B surrendered. It has encouraged the misguided youth to come to a new path,” he said.
“Until now, I have issued an order and directed the Superintendent of Police, Enforcement KHADC and officers of the department to continue to inspect these places to prevent foreigners from trading freely without “If you don't know what you're doing, don't worry,” said the CEM. “After seeing that some Khasi women have come forward to own the trading land owned by foreigners, He said that he was angry to see that many foreigners have ignored the orders of the KHADC in the past regarding the illegal trade. Trading by Non tribal act.
In connection with the overturning of the truck, it is not known whether anyone was injured, as the driver and passenger fled the scene. It is suspected that someone has removed the number plate of the truck.
The mementos were sponsored by the JHCMA, and the Kur expressed its gratitude to the Association for continuing to work for the community in the coming days.
“In the Khasi society, the jait is taken from the mother but there are many families where the husband divorces his wife even though he has 10-12 children because the children are not his jait. ".
Regarding the mineral resources, Bah Gabriel said that West Khasi Hills has abundant mineral resources. the last few years.
These four include Avantgard Nongpluh who came fourth.
The inquiry was headed by retired judge MC Garg to investigate the allegation that the SNP under the Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) had disappeared halfway in Assam.
On receiving information about the incident, the residents of Vairengte, Kolasib District, rushed to the scene and were shot, bombed and shot in the face by the Assam police. there were many civilians, who were injured.
In a speech to The Shillong Times, he criticized Mukul Sangma's statement that Mukul Sangma had urged Bah Lapang to join the NPP. Lapang, in his speech, said that the Congress party should be grateful to him for continuing to be with the party despite many obstacles.
However, the authorities have not responded to this.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: Up to 379 candidates have filed their nomination papers for the 2023 MLA elections.
Police have lodged a complaint at Sadar Police Station against the four.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the Awareness Program organized by the Kynshi District Presbyterian Youth Center at Kynshi Mawria today, Bah Nongsiej said that the government cannot open or send wine. Store if the Dorbar Shnong does not issue a No Objection Certificate.
The time of rebellion is now, A! to paint the table.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, has introduced a budget for the year 2021-2022 which is less than T.1,570/- crore.
Ula is 71 years old.
Israel has also retaliated and defeated the militant group in the Palestinian city of Gaza, by sending Israeli troops from the air to the ground, causing more than 100 deaths. Of the 18,000 people in Gaza, 70% of those killed in the Israeli offensive were women, mothers and children.
I don't have magic powers and I head this police department where I will build a partnership," he said.
Of these 46, 34 have been completed while 12 are under construction to be completed in the coming months.
Shillong: According to a statement sent by Bah GK Iangrai, Asstt.
He said that the government has taken many measures to help the young athletes to improve in the sports by providing donations to the winners of medals whether in the state, national or international sports. and even international.
This sculpture depicts the struggle for Indian independence by looking closely at the heroes from the Northeast who have not been seen.
In the third division football tournament, Madankynsaw Mawkyndeng beat Tympang 4-0
These are the words that Jesus spoke to the scribes and Pharisees in Jerusalem.
Shillong College beat BBS College 2-1 to qualify for the final on the 28th.
He said that those involved in such crimes should be arrested and punished.
However, the question is, how much this era of social media will really affect the 2023 MLA elections which will be held soon on 27th June
The Seng questions why NEIGRIHMS cannot conduct the job examination itself and has to submit it to agencies like HLL and NORCET and through these we see that many people from other states get jobs. , perhaps it may also be that the authorities in front of NEIGHRIMS want to admit people from their own states,” said the Seng.
At the same time, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah expressed his confidence that the NPP will win the election in Sohiong.
“Kmie ka Ri, when your child is in the middle of the exams, you don't have to worry about her anymore, because you know how much college she has and we also expect her to do well in the future. "Now Rida's soul was very happy with Panah's understanding and changed his mind to love her.
He said that other parties have said that if they are elected they will bring milk and fish, but Robert said that there is no need for milk and fish but what is needed is the law. To protect the country and the nation, what is needed is that we should work hard to protect ourselves.
Rev. Lyndan Syiem, who has been admitted to the hospital for a long time, gave his advice on the circumstances of this time.
These are the activities of the Council.
Lamphrang Kharbani said that Wahlang has also spoken to the Chairman of the Central Board of School Education (CBSE) in the presence of HANM leaders. He hoped that the meeting with these leaders would be fruitful and beneficial to the Khasi and Garo youth, who will sit for their examinations from now on.
Agnes jose – 9495818644Dr.Sr.
At the same time, they arrested the driver of this vehicle from this place.
In a few speeches, Bah Markanroi Lyngdoh, Lyngdoh of Hima Khyrim, urged Pherbiang Shadap, who is now the Syiem of Raid Iapngar, to do his job properly. There shall be a fair trial for the children of the thousands within the Raid, so that the Raid shall be peaceful within the Raid as a whole.
At the same time, Kitboklang said that the FKJGP is concerned about the delay in the construction of the four lane road from Umshyrpi to Umtyngngar.
This decision was taken after the shooting death of seven persons including four Khasi and a Forest Guard by Assam Police on 22nd November, 2022 in the village. Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills District.
At that time, the Jews were in such a great famine that they ate their children.
He said that this is the biggest step for India and a clear and strong message to the world on India's growth and that India is now one of the leading countries in the world. the powers to send to the moon.
Indeed, if we look back a little to the past since 1835, and why do we have to speak well of this year because it was in this year that the French began to take power. rule especially within the Hima Sutnga (Jaiñtia), and besides that they also began to implement the strategy of division and ethnic cleansing.
In Nongpoh, the temperature has reached 36 degrees Celsius, while in other parts especially in those villages on the border with Assam, the temperature has reached 40 degrees Celsius. degrees Celsius.
Your quarantine is not for your own sake but for the benefit of many in your family and in the state as a whole.
If you, the people, don't do it, you won't be able to do it.
The meeting discussed the report sent by the state education department to the state government to take over the provincial sation in the state from June this year.
The price of heavier rice is now T.1050 per quintal, medium rice is T.700 per quintal and smaller rice is T.350 per quintal.
The man climbed and sat on the top of the bridge and refused to go inside, demanding that ISRO should search until it finds Vikram, who is the device. India is sent to the moon.
He said he had recently met with two Congress leaders, Prestone Tynsong and Vincent Pala and they also supported the demand of the GNC to get the GNC. of the State for the Garo people.
After passing Class XII, he taught at St. Hugh's English School, Mihmyntdu, which has now been converted into Don Bosco English School.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Thursday said that the government has prepared a mission to promote the establishment of local jobs in the state with the support of More than 20,000 people have received CM-Elevate assistance to set up their own businesses.
Choose, therefore, the men of understanding; those who have a sense of responsibility for the welfare of the people of the state; who have the wisdom to improve the longbriew manbriew.
The theme of this year's World Aids Day is “Let Communities Lead”.
The mindset of the people must also be completely changed against the scientific strategy of our rulers.
The accident happened at about 4 pm while the child was trying to cross the road.
Like in other districts of the state, the mock drill was launched in Shillong by raising the siren as a sign of awareness to the residents to be prepared for the dangers of the earthquake. the earthquake shall be great.
Shillong: The NPP candidate from Nongkrem, Bah HS Shylla, has alleged that the HSPDP candidate, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit, has violated the Election Act and should be punished by the Election Commission.
Then, the Sibsingh Govt.
Shillong, Nailur 10: Two teachers of Jalaphet Mootha LP School (EJH) have lodged a complaint with the Khliehriat Police Station that Hopingstone, Chairman of the Managing Committee of the school, has dismissed them from their jobs. They alleged that his dismissal was illegal and at the same time he threatened him.
He said this is the beginning and the government will hold more consultations with others.
Bah Renikton said that the issue to be discussed was one that the youth of the jaitbynriew were very happy to discuss in the dorbar on the recruitment process especially the implementation of the roster system in the state and different districts. diverse.
While the others were trying to help, one of the two men had already drowned due to lack of breath and because he did not know how to swim.
The protesters also vowed that if the government and the PWD department cannot fulfill the demands of the people, they will not hesitate to take stronger action, even if the They were to go and forcefully stop the construction of this road, which has been run from a place where it should not be used.
In the 10m AIR RIFLE, Wanpliborlang Nongsiej came second and Banrilang Blein came third.
Rupang today spoke to Bah Phres Bareh, President of the HSPDP East Jaintia Hills.
The Congress has taken this step after three MLAs of the party including the MLA of Mawlai have decided to join the MDA government. The MPPC on the 17th of this month announced the appointment of Bah Mawshan Singh Giri Hynniewta as the Adhoc President of the Mawlai Block Congress Committee.
The benefits of green tea are very important.
The Inner Line Permit (ILP) is a permit or permission for anyone who has been allowed to enter a state with an ILP, which specifies how they can enter the state, how many days they can stay, where they can stay. they will go with such questions.
We should not rely solely on the government because we see that our government is weak and limited.
The shopping center was constructed at a cost of T.23 crore by Rapsang Group Companies, Shillong in collaboration with Real Growth Company, Chennai.
Aidalyne Sohkhlet Principal of St Michael's HSS, Fr Pius Shadap Parish Priest of Umsning Parish, teachers and former students of the school.
There are about nine doctors in Singh's family.
Former MLA HL Nongsiang, who is also the leader of the NPP Mawshynrut, has suggested to the incumbent MLA of Mawshynrut, Bah Gigur Myrthong, to inform the government that the people of Tynhiang area you don't need a good road.
One of the issues that has affected the people from time to time is the conflict with the Defense Ministry of India which has occupied most of the land here in Shillong and other places in Meghalaya, where in many cases, as seen in the newspapers, the army has raided public places nearby.
These seeds were obtained from the FPC (Farm Producer Company) located in Jirang, Ri Bhoi District, Meghalaya.
The children were suspected to have eaten wild tit on 28th June and suffered serious injuries and were taken to MCH Hospital, Jowai and Ialong Civil Hospital.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday issued a statement urging the Khasi MLAs to unite. to protest against the delay in the implementation of the roster system of the State Government.
Shillong, November 6: “We Khasi, we don't have the ability to read,” said Kennedy Khyriem MLA Mawphlang. release the book, this day.
The Commander has already lodged a complaint with the Ummulong Beat House Police Station and they have visited the farm on the second day to conduct an investigation.
Because the Word of God says – “Blessed and holy is he who has part in the first resurrection.” Revelation 20:6
This declaration is important to the whole world because a new country was established on the basis of the rule of law and the freedoms of the citizens of the country.
“It's true... Maybe there's something from my mother that she didn't come out anymore... But that day you started shopping, my father came looking for you.
Jobs for graduates either in the Administrative or Technical Lines according to the qualifications and skills they have acquired.
Alert! This is no longer 1972 and we are looking forward to seeing how you will react!
The three-month training was conducted by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) with the financial support of SIDBI, Shillong.
So far, Haryana has 964 cases, while Kerala has 642 cases.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma recalled the stories that the party has gone through in the past 40 years.
Why? Because the allegations against us have been excessive and have caused the people, the voters of Meghalaya, when they judge for themselves, (they find) that the NPP-led Government has done better than the NPP-led Government. governments led by other political parties.
Vivaan Vishal Shah (Gujarat) defeated Savchenko Boris (Russia).
John Paul II Bd.
“We have about 1500 people directly involved or working in the tourism sector,” he added.
In addition, about 2,300 people were injured.
He said that UCIL officials should not be sent, as these people are those who want to mine uranium, so the report issued by UCIL cannot be believed or accepted.
However, even if these leaders of the past have done a great job for the country and the nation, but as human beings or human beings there are always shortcomings and mistakes. but it is the duty of us who are alive today to complete and complete the work they have left behind.
After this, the government through the Directorate of School Education and Literacy has written to the Education Officers and District Mission Coordinators of all the districts directing them to send the names of all the SSA teachers who have not attended classes. school to punish them.
“Everyone wants to cut down a tree that bears good fruit,” said these elders.
While they have not yet received the full land, they have had to move from one place to another on the foundation of the houses of Kong Mistina Pohthmi, Kong Pril Sumer and Woh (L) Yet Pohshna. of the dong.
As an initial attempt, the ODOP Team was launched in June last year, in which it has been able to transport at least 13,136 kgs of Lakadong shynrai which has been harvested well. I am from Ernakulam, Kerala.
Shillong:The Kur Khonglam held its first Kur Khonglam meeting on 21st October 2019 at the National Dorbar Hall Mawkhar Shillong with the participation of hundreds of Kur Khonglam from all over the country. The meeting was attended by Mr. Begood Khonglam.
CURE International India launched its campaign in June, 2009 to eradicate foot disease.
Sib Singh Government Memorial HSS came second with 7 Gold, 8 Silver and 4 Bronze medals.
The remains of Sameer were cremated at the Seng Khasi Crematorium in Jaiaw. Before taking the body from the house, the family performed the rituals. Rgh Diben Syiemlieh, after this, the body was brought to the ground floor of the Shillong Press, where the journalists were able to pay their last respects to Bah Sameer with a speech. Through the President of Shillong Press Club, Bah David Laitphlang.
Six minutes later, Jongksha scored the second goal through Babiang Umsong to make it 2-1
The President of the NPP said that the party will be able to rule in the district councils after the elections and will field candidates in all 29 MDC constituencies of KHADC and JHADC. The 46 political parties have been working well today across the state of Assam, while markets and offices have been closed.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Remdor Shylla, prayer by Bah EB Lyngdoh (Tymmen Basan), welcome speech by Samla Benjohnson Lyngdoh, short speech by Bah Bokstone Thongni, Bah Diverland Lyngdoh and welcome speech. and I was the Jubilee Priest.
In the ejahar, they also alleged that the people who were in the area, beat them, and cut off their hair. and they covered their shniuh.
In a meeting with the EE, MePDCL promised to talk to the higher authorities to replace these electricity lines as soon as possible in these villages. Samla Talang said that the electricity department has not been able to replace the electricity cords in the villages especially after Natbor Village has already issued a written notice since July 4,
Referring to the 2023 election, Mawrie said, “Tomorrow we will leave for Garo Hills to meet and discuss the 2023 election”.
Shillong: The Hill Farmers Union (KNU) today declared the 04th November as the Farmers' Day in Meghalaya at a meeting held at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar.
Therefore, let no political party talk about this and show that I have been convicted,” she said.
The group said it is not against the setting up of outposts, “but they should be set up in places where they are needed.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills has declared the house of Droshkies Chakraborty, Burnside Compound, near Sankardev Girls Hostel, Rilbong, a containment area. .
In this dance, 10 ksing are used in small villages and 50 ksing are used in larger villages.
Shillong, Lber 01 : Up to 49 people have died in police custody in the state since
He said that it cannot be said that other parties have tried hard to attract candidates who have a good chance of winning but as MLAs they have to understand and strengthen the foundation when joining any party.
Chesterpaul Lyngdoh, Ryntih goalkeeper, Eric Nongkhlaw, started the match by pressing the ball into the net.
Many party members, especially the elders and leaders of the party said that this action of Bah Pangniang will lead to the defeat of the party and will destroy the party not only in Nongstoin Constituency and Mawthadraishan Constituency. but in West and South West Khasi Hills and in the state as a whole.
However, he said that the visit of the prime minister has pleased them as he has promised to clean up the road from Markasa to Mawphanlur which is 5 kilometers away, said Bah Lam.
Speeches were also delivered by the Sirdar of Nongpoh Sirdarship, Bah Pillarstone Syiem Nongshai, MDC Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Rani, Deputy CEM of KHADC, Bah PN Syiem. The voice of these leaders was to encourage the Lyngdoh to take on the responsibility of providing the best service to the people in the Raid Nongpoh.
The party invites all the children of Jaintia Hills, Sengbhalang, Rangbah Shnong and especially the intellectuals of Jaintia Hills to take part in this march so that the great ideas can be expressed. The party has decided to name this day as Jaintia National Patriotic Day or Jaintia Day.
“The delay in getting the land in Mairang is the delay in paying the money to the land owners.
At the start of the second half, Jharkand started scoring again through a straight shot but Meghalaya played better and managed to score again through Badonlang Rapsang in the 88th minute.
He said that even the National Population Registration has not been able to identify the people who are the owners of the village and those who have just immigrated, how can it be the Aadhaar.
Pyndap Saibon President of KHNAM said that the EC has collapsed after the resignation of the CEM and all the work has to be renewed and done by new ones.
He said that there are more than 1000 Khasi and Garo youths who have applied for the post who fall under the Schedule Tribe (ST) but among them there is only one Khasi youth and no Garo youth.
I have never found that this tall merchant will increase the price of the goods he buys from the farmers.
Balangir Police have arrested about 35 persons involved in the sale and smuggling of drugs.
Participants also received accurate explanations and advice from the consultants and encouraged those who intend to start their own business to investigate carefully before starting their own business to understand better.
The Pakistanis strongly condemned the bill, which discriminates against Muslims.
The meeting was opened with a prayer by Rev. RT Shangdiar, Executive Secretary, KJP Western Synod.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
On this occasion, Chyne said that he has looked at all the documents in the Council, but there is no such thing.
Speaking as a candidate, Robertjune Kharjahrin explained to those who asked me why he contested the MP election and that he did not start before the MDC or MLA election. He explained to the people that he wants to contest the MP election because of many of the issues, the demands of the people like ILP, the border, the strengthening of the Six Schedule, and many other issues. The UDP and HSPDP have been demanding from time to time that the UDP and HSPDP have the same goal but are still stuck in Delhi in Parliament.
He said that Meghalaya and the BJP leaders demand that those involved in this case should be suspended and arrested immediately.
You don't have to worry about it.
The events of all 3 nights and 4 days will be recorded in the next book.
The aim of this project is to reduce the number of cases of Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) and Sexually Transmitted Infections (STIs) which can affect women especially those who work in the sex industry by allowing them to take There are no other ways to do this, especially in terms of health.
He said that the company which agreed to construct this road has been abandoned by the Ministry.
Speaking to the drivers of small vehicles, heavy trucks and buses, they said that they don't mind the construction of these speed breakers but the PWD should have built them in the right manner to keep a distance from each other. pat and to reduce the length slightly so that it does not affect the vehicles too much.
Shillong: The BSF of Meghalaya in collaboration with the police have seized 67 cows from the border areas of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
The Minister said that the Land Port is expected to boost tourism and trade in Meghalaya and the country.
At the same time, u Nehlang Lyngdoh urged the people of the area to give their full support to elect him once again as the leader of the area. “If there is no cooperation and unity, no party can reach its goal in any field, so it is necessary to “It's a good idea to work together,” said Nehlang Lyngdoh.
This is the time when you can get a variety of fruits and vegetables that are rich in water.
At the same time, the party wishes that the Beh Deinkhlam will bring peace and unity in the nation so that the country and the nation will grow in the days to come. Shillong, Naitung 14: The relatives of Dissency Syiem, Nongstoin, have lodged a complaint against the Civil Hospital, Nongstoin for not admitting Sissency. The baby died on the way from Nongstoin to Shillong.
“How can the government employees who have been appointed as contract employees be fully appointed even if they have not passed the examinations like DSC and MPSC and even those who have died will receive “We, the contract teachers, have been told that we don't have the right to complete the MTET,” he said.
On the other hand, the union expresses its regret over this decision of the village and we too will have to follow our own path according to the law.
Jowel is currently undergoing treatment at the Civil Hospital, said SDPO Sohra Ian Onel Swer.
After a short meeting, the villagers left Yurim Khiehpynthor Square to march around the village with slogans and blocked the main road and marched to Siehkynda.
Also present on the occasion were Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board Billykid A Sangma, Jasper P Marak, Assistant Director of Sports and Youth Affairs and Vice Director of Sports and Youth Affairs. -President of Meghalaya Football Association Gino A Sangma.
Not only that, there are hundreds of other women who have accused Weinstein of being involved in various sexual assaults and who have been raped by him over the years. .
He said that those who wish to come to Meghalaya have to register online and the District Task Force Committees will look after this. of the employees on the part of the government will appoint more people.
The incident occurred near Arya Village School, Jhalupara.
The wholesale and shop prices at Sonapur Oil Agency have been fixed at T 79.80/- and T81.70/- respectively.
Chiboon said that the work was done and that Yang was not able to do anything. Hukum Blai datoh said that.
Speaking on the occasion, he encouraged the children not to stop here, but one day they can participate around the district and the whole state.
In 1973 he was elected Tbn of the Presbyterian Church.
Dawki: The deterioration of the bridge at Wah Amsku under Amsku village, has caused serious damage to the passengers and users of the bridge, as it is a bridge that has been used. with many villages in the area.
He said he hoped that the farmers would benefit more from this government's agricultural recognition.
Therefore, the party wants all its members to work together even if they lose tickets.
At Pi Hahiroth, in the midst of shame, wonder and trembling, Moses cried out before God, but God answered Moses, “Why do you cry out for help? Tell the people to move forward.
He said that compared to other states in the East, according to the decision of the 220th PAB meeting on October 4, 2015, it is clear that teachers in Meghalaya pay very little.
At the same time, the KSU reminded that the area mentioned by Ampareen as a slum is also the residence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri.
When her mother was gone, Rida went to buy something for her Niakha.
We are here to help the farmers but if anyone exploits them, we will take strong action against them,” he said.
When we turn to scientists, they also do a lot of research when they plan to do anything.
On the other hand, the Seng has criticized the Government authorities and especially the Police Outpost in Langpih, for not taking any action to protect these people who have been allowed to be injured by these foreigners. kabuKa Seng also urges the Government to recognize such people who have fought to protect even though they are only a few. The Seng has also promised in front of the owners of these refugees that it will not interfere. However, it will continue to monitor and urge the government to take action on this issue.
“Ka Seng together will urge the management of this university to conduct the Entrance Exam so that the admission to this university will be in a clean and transparent manner,” said Samla Riches Malngiang. .
The Block was previously opened at Wapung School, but has now been removed and moved back to Lumshnong.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the decision was taken by the state government as directed by the central government to purchase 20% of the equipment in government offices from the factories. who built in the state.
At the meeting, the beneficiaries of the tyndong shet jingshet were also distributed by the chief guest, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun.
The school was first established as LP school in 1989 and in 1995 it was upgraded to UP school and in 1999 it was upgraded to secondary school.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the KSU Nongpoh Circle led by its President Samla John Lyngdoh, today suspended the plan of the DMHO Ri Bhoi Office, to conduct an interview for the DMHO Ri Bhoi District. jobs available within the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
He had left for Mumbai on 26th November to look for a job but after going to Mumbai he fell ill and his sister Pynshisha Kharhujon took him away from the city. He was scheduled to leave Mumbai on the 4th of November for Shillong.
It was in 1963 that Balaram left his favorite sports to play as a chess player or as a wing player as well as in the national team, due to the onset of illness. your body.
For Thangsning, Badap Pura Nongkhlaw scored 3 runs from 8 balls while Andy Alwin Dkhar scored 5 wickets. 2 overs, and Richard Collin Diengdohu took 2 wickets in 3 overs.
He will be in the city for about 2-3 hours and after that he will return to Delhi.
It is a great honor when the rightful Syiem takes over this house which is the home of the Syiem and the children of the Hima Mylliem.
We are doing this for the safety of the residents and the village, but no one has listened,” he said.
They said again “We don’t do this work, as a charity and we never did anything wrong; we have expressed our rights and we have not violated the law.
Will this decision affect your worship of God? If this decision of the SC is sufficient, will those who worship Satanic Churches be free to worship as they please, because until now it is known that only satanic religions promote and encourage homosexuality. bad for women.
Anish Charak of St. Anthony's College scored 42 runs off 18 balls.
These insured farmers from Myriaw and Mairang can now proudly say, “My Policy is in My Hands.
“We have lodged many complaints but the police have not done anything about the corruption in the education department,” she said.
Replying to this, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek said that the department has taken this decision to send for a written and personal interview for the nurses who are studying for the ANM under Rule of Nurses Service Sules.
“I think this person doesn't know the rules. Now people have the right to get information through RTI and they can get an answer from all the departments, but now he is just talking,” he added.
“In the past 49 years, we as a state have achieved a high level of growth, employment and human resources,” he said. old.
He said that the allocation of funds in the past years has been to improve and upgrade the government LP and UP schools, and higher education.
He said that according to the documents and documents dating back to the time when the British Government handed over the rule to the Hima, the Joypur market also falls under Meghalaya.
In another incident, a Jeep has collided with a truck at 1 pm this morning and 12 persons were injured. The injured were taken to hospital at 5 pm but the owners said they did not need police anymore.
Shillong, Lber 5: About 300 teachers who have been trained in the field of teaching under the banner of the Meghalaya Elementary Pre Service Trained Teachers Association (META) have expressed their desire that the government should appoint them as soon as possible. A few months ago, they met with the Minister of Education, Prof. RC Laloo and he promised them that he will take the necessary action soon.
Lyngdoh said that before he left Shillong, there was a Cabinet meeting where he said what he should say.
Parliament – ​​Dorbar Legislature-Ri The Legislative Assembly of the country consisting of members elected by the people in accordance with the Constitution from the States in the south of the country who represent their respective jurisdictions and are empowered in accordance with the Constitution of the country. .
You can say the same but we have to listen to the voice of the people,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
They shall be planted in the trees of the field.
The group will look after the welfare of the river and will work hard to prevent any activities that could cause pollution or pollution of the river including the spreading of nut flowing into the river. this river and others.
Prestone took over from Rajya Sabha MP Dr WR Kharlukhi who has been state president for 16 years, ahead of the Lok Sabha and Autonomous elections. District Council (ADC).
Nongpoh, November 22 : The MPUF Ri-Bhoi District today welcomed the Muay Thai athletes from the state who have participated in the Muay Thai Federation. Cup 2022 which was held recently in Tripura and those who won medals from this tournament.
He said that the NHAI has used only two JCBs or puh shilum to clean the road, and this has caused problems to the traffic.
Mooshahary, whose term expired on Friday, said he did not think the matter could be mismanaged and it would come to an end.
At the time of the passage of the Bill , it may be recalled that the opposition immediately left the House to express their disapproval , and promised to inform the Governor regarding these bills Bill.
They demanded that according to the 5th Pay Commission, the deficit teachers should receive 25 percent salary per annum and they still receive only the first salary of the 1st Pay Commission. Installment in 2018 and this year they have received the 2nd installment and the remaining 50 percent and they demanded that the government should release 50 percent of the installment which should have been released in
Lameca Passah, who won Miss Jowai in 2018, urged the youth of Ri-Lum Jaintia to come forward to take part in this competition. in many areas of the competitions to become leaders, socially related and to become Ambassadors.
I have also seen on social media how they talk that this statement shows that their position is no longer there,” he added.
She said that such inspections will continue from time to time and the meat vendors have been prohibited from carrying meat and have been ordered to keep the shops clean.
Mawkyrwat, March 19: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Mawkyrwat Circle has celebrated its 3rd Anniversary in the service of the country and the people at a meeting held at Mawkyrduk. , Tynrong, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District and Bah Sounder Strong Cajee, were the chief guests.
Shillong: About 50 members of the COHSO, this afternoon, protested and raised flags in front of the BJP office at Bivar Road, as a sign of their protest against the proposed The Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016 has been passed by the Government of India.
“The hospital cannot say that it is innocent, it is the fact that blood was donated to the patient on the 31st of July while the blood has run out. “On the 30th of July, the expiration date of the blood has exceeded 12 hours,” he said.
“To love your own people is one thing but to love your own people and hate others is another thing.
Dear readers, if you hear the Word of God, please don't lose your precious life.
So she had to shut up.
These oxygen plants will be set up at government hospitals at district headquarters in the states and UTs. The purchase will be done through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Central Government.
On July 10, the Central Government declared Nagaland a state of emergency and said that military forces are needed to maintain peace and order in the state.
Dr.A KTripathi in his speech congratulated the organizers of the fair for bringing about this program and urged the farmers to be ready to meet the scientists in departments like ICAR. in order to obtain information regarding agriculture.
On the other hand, the President of MSSASA, Bah Aristotle C Rymbai, said that the Association has requested the State Government to allocate more in the State Budget for the SSA for the fiscal year 2023- 2024 to address the problem of non-payment of monthly salaries of teachers.
Khliehriat, Oct 06: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) led by its President Lenningstar Rymbai and General Secretary Roitre Dkhar today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District at The union also urges the district authorities to take action on the issues that the union requests to make it easier for the students of the area.
Police have seized the truck from the toll gate at Pahammawlein 20mer, where the police of Ri Bhoi District, said that they seized the truck after receiving They have received sufficient information about the smuggling of Ganja by the truck and this is the reason why they raided the area and which led the Police to seize the Ganja.
Kipyegon, who went to meet the President at his office, said that she will fulfill her promise to her father to appoint him as a leader. new car.
The parade was attended by the Police, Home Guards, Scouts and Guides and various schools.
They left the village at 6:30 pm.
Jowai: The Navy troops who came to join hands with other rescue teams in the coal mine flood at Khloo Ryngskan in which 15 people were trapped, have not been able to recover the body. napoh you cream.
“The problem is that perhaps a party like the BJP has brought this election not for the good but for political gain,” said the VPP spokesperson. that the voting system in India is different from the MP elections and the State Legislative Assembly elections.
The KPM Project which covers an area of ​​422 hectares was later handed over to UCIL. ) HS Lyngdoh and the Khasi Students' Union.
The RBYF leaders urged the athletes to continue in their sports activities and also to exercise so that they can reach their goal. become like famous sports stars, not only in the state but in the country and the world as well.
The Sordar said that this is not the only incident, but the Darrang has collected money in the past for those who carry stones and shyiap from the river, even though they are the bag that fell into the Mukertilla Raid.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 01: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) under the leadership of Bah Lambokstar Marweiñ, President of the Khasi Hills District, has sent a statement to the government and also to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. The State, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that when they talk about uranium, they should say 'EM' when it is clear.
These newly released rules together with the initiatives of the department and the support from the North Eastern States will pave the way for the achievement of the targets in a transparent and prompt manner.
She was the only child and only three brothers.
“We congratulate the government for increasing the fare and we urge the government to take action against the transporters and truck owners and to punish these companies who refuse to implement the fare. the law of the government".
Bah O.Kharpuri, Beat Officer, Soil & Water Conservation, was the chief guest, along with Rev. Fr. ER Kharkrang, Chief Pastor of the KJP Western Synod, Bah PB Sylliang, Chairman of the Committee, Bah Kynsai Nengnong, Secretary of the Committee and other village leaders.
The tournament will start on the 8th June 2021, with an entry fee of T.3555 per team. The tournament will be played by 9 players per team. The winners will receive T.70,000 and the runners-up will receive T.41,111. The finalists will also receive the prizes for the Best Goal Keeper, Scorer and Promising Player and the form fee will be T2
However, in recent years, there have been many destructions due to the excessive deforestation along the mountain.
Speaking to Rupang, Lambok said this is the first time he has caught a fish weighing up to 50 kilos.
The Meghalaya government has said that five BSF personnel have tested positive, while the BSF through the Meghalaya Frontier has said that 11 BSF personnel have tested positive.
Is God pleased to close the churches?
Rupang spoke to the General Secretary of the HSPDP, Bah Witting Mawsor, who is also the MLA of Mawshynrut Constituency, to ask him about the preparations of the HSPDP. HSPDP here in Shillong on the 20th of this month to commemorate the death anniversary of Maieid Hoping.
There are those who have no meaning in both, but the first means one thing and the second means another, while the synrop of the two means another; for example, in the case of a tara- tari, it is a tool that doesn't have a syrti shiliang, and it doesn't have a stick; while tari tara means to prepare something.
In the journey as a Hynniewtrep nation since the beginning of this world we know that we are one nation as the song sung by E Brektis Roy Wanswett, Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, we are you paid Khasi not.
" Why didn't I?
The tree is strong, and its branches fall to the ground.
Therefore, if the Chief Minister takes action on the petition of the Jirang MLA, it will be one of the ways to prevent the border crossing by Assam.
Although many Ministers and MLAs of the ruling DMK and party members have visited him at the hospital for inquiry into his condition, the The source said that Senthilbalaji has been arrested.
Mairang, Nailar 17: U Dr Jitendra Singh, Minister in charge of DoNER, today visited the stadium of the Khatsawphra Sports Association (KSA) in Mairang after coming to complete the ceremony. you are the son of King Tirot Singh of Mairang.
Praising Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for his ability to implement those development schemes in the constituency, Conrad K. Sangma said that in the last three years, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun has been able to implement about T .250 to T.300 scheme for many areas in Jirang Constituency.
The “patriots" quote these words and shout loudly for the country and the nation.
The Wildlife Department after conducting an inspection on the condition and health of the animal has released it into the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
He said that although the government has opened the markets in all places, the lack of adequate markets has caused difficulties to the traders who buy agricultural products.
He also paid tribute to all those who have been involved with him in his training and until he reached this level.
It is also expected that other private companies which will be contractors, companies, which will take over many jobs to build houses for employees and others will be included in this project. outsource work around the world, especially the special projects related to the Svamitva project.
He was a prayerful, humble, obedient and gentle Bishop, patient, righteous, great in faith, hope and love.
This book is written in English and I am confident that it will help not only our people to know about this Pnar son, but the world will also know about him.
Another tragic incident has happened at Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Lad Umjan where a woman has suddenly lost her life after being hit by a motorcycle. and excessive speeding by an 18-year-old juvenile.
However, in these three terms of election of MLAs or legislators, the principles and issues have changed completely and the minds of the electorate have been injected with money. until the issues of the nation have disappeared from the field to the end, and the people have become sleepy to talk only about money, money and only itself.
Shillong: Um Dawai is a tourist destination that has attracted a lot of visitors from all over the country these days.
Disney has announced that the first episode of Indiana Jones will also be the final episode of the film after which it was decided not to release any more episodes.
The National Unity Day is a commemoration of the birth anniversary of Sardar Vallabhai Patel, the freedom fighter who brought about the unity of the States in India.
Riangdo, Nailur, 24: FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle on Tuesday led by Cary Kharmutee and Willis Syiem, General Secretary, FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle. Mawshynrut Circle, they met with the Executive Engineer of MEPDCL West Khasi Hills District to discuss and explain the problems faced by the people of the area.
Dikshit, 77, said she has confidence in the leadership of Sonia Gandhi and her achievements in the past years. The Congress leadership will be able to revive the party.
“We are also surprised that not a single Khasi/Garo is in this Committee and apparently all of them are foreigners.
She must come forward, explain and cleanse herself from these and show them by her actions.
Anup Saha (3/18) and Sundaybirth Sangma (3/44) took wickets for SGH.
Only East Khasi Hills has any cases but all 11 districts have been cleared of the disease.
The Rules demanded by the Maitshaprang Seng have been drafted, as it is the District Council to announce and confirm the meeting or relationship between the Kurs.
However, in the end, the people turned to Bah Synshar.
He said the Chief Secretary of Assam had informed him about the investigation appointed by Assam headed by the Additional Chief Secretary and had sought the assistance of the Meghalaya government.
Speaking to reporters, Tudu said that the officers had presented a presentation without any documents, which did not impress him.
On the other hand, the union has already demanded since 2018 to have this PHC in Amlarem but unfortunately in the past few days the foundation stone has been laid in Jaraiñ village by upgrading the PHC to this place. Sub-Divisional Hospital.
Dr David D Tariang was appointed as Medical Superintendent on 21st June, 2006 while KT Rynjah was appointed as Administrative Officer on 30th June,
This is the word of Jesus.
Sanbor has distributed the donation to 14 Church Committees including Khasi, Jaintia, Garo and non-tribal Christian churches in the South Shillong Constituency through his Discretionary Grant. 2023, so that they can prepare for Christmas & New Year in their churches and fellow believers.
The Syiem of Mylliem together with the Government should consider the condition of the market before opening.
Chiehruphi SYWSC, Lumsohskie FC and Tonseng Narpuh FC won the ENSA Football Tournament held at Umkiang Village Ground on Thursday.
“Out of these 134 persons, 5 persons have been arrested for involvement in other illegal activities and out of these 123 persons are residents of Meghalaya and 11 persons are residents of Meghalaya. “This shows that these drug traffickers are working with other drug traffickers from other states,” he said.
The HYC leaders, when they met with the Manager of the Petrol Pump, ordered the Manager to provide the documents of the employees working inside the Petrol Pump. If he cannot provide, they will not be able to detain these foreigners without documents.
Miracles happen at the time, in the country and society in which Jesus Christ lives and works.
However, the voters allowed Purno to become their MP again in the Lok Sabha.
Through this victory, Chipakkore has moved up to the fourth position, but Wa'sa has dropped to the fourth position.
All heavy vehicles and buses of the Cathedral Band will be parked at the present YFC compound.
Shillong, July 29: The Khasi Jaintia Hills District Unit (KSU) has vowed that it is ready if the Government of Mukul Sangma gives it the authority to build a railway line in the state. “We are ready to fight against the Government if the Government has the power to build the railway line, as well as while it has not released the KSU leaders without any what is the rule.
The MLA also acknowledged that the area where Bah Warjri lives and was arrested is still within the border of Meghalaya.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Donald V Thabah, General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Eldy Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of the FKJGP, Bah Louis Dohtdong, President of the FKJGP. The President of HNYM, Bah Wallam Syiemiong, President of the SSSS, Kong B Kharbani, President of the Sawsymper Women's Wing and other leaders of the SSSS. different from the people of this area.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said his visit to Rongjeng was also part of the meeting with the party office bearers and leaders to discuss how to strengthen the party in Garo Hills.
The Sur U Nong Jaintia Hills District has demanded the immediate suspension of the SP of East Jaintia Hills Jagpal Singh and the SP Traffic of EKH Shailendra Bamaniya who led the raid on the residence of Bah Cheristerfield. Mawlai Mass will be held on the 13th of July.
If we Khasi Jaintia were to be one Hima, one Syiem and one Dolloi, how much strength and power would be, but it is not so. Dolloi, instead of being strong, we are weak and instead of standing to fight against the enemy, we are fighting against the Khasi.
On the other hand, the KSU leaders also agreed with the suspension by the people of the district, as the people of the district, have promised to take action to search for the mynder who intend to to enter the state illegally.
He said that the State Government through the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong have admitted that there is no illegal smuggling of coal and trucks passing on the roads. they are the ones who have all the documents.
Bah Chyne said that on this day, different Himas will come to showcase their traditional culture such as food, games, herbal medicines, dances, songs and others.
The same thing happened in Italy, where they destroyed farmland around Naples.
Speakers on the occasion were Rev Dr.PBM Basaiawmoit (one of the leaders on this issue and Pastor of the Presbyterian Church), Bah Auguster Jyrwa (General Secretary Khasi Students' Union). , U Usha Ramanathan ( Magsaysay Award Winner and Independent Legal Researcher).
The full bench led by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee, Judge W. Diengdoh and Judge HS Thangkhiew ruled on the report of the Deputy Commissioner. , East Jaintia Hills, which came to light through a newspaper article titled “Wonder Caves in Jaintia Hills”.
(PIB Shillong).
Pant will not be able to participate in the matches with the team for the rest of the season due to his injuries. The incident occurred on 30th November
In earlier years, the beach was very beautiful because it was surrounded by forests, but this year it was found that both sides of the beach were filled with sand and it became like a beach. in the city.
Meghalaya U-16 team lost to Sikkim by 29 runs in the first match of the Vijay Merchant Trophy.
Regarding these problems, they urged the government authorities and especially the Chief Minister to take action to provide roads in the village, so that the people can escape from the problems in coming and going and transporting goods. Sir.
The owner of the cow market in Khanapara said that there are times when the cows do not go to the market and the owners of the cows (mahajons) set the cows in the market and put their own guards. to look after and feed them, and to build a house for them.
Khongjee said that her eldest son saw the fire when he woke up at 12:30 pm and called out to the police. go help.
The East Jaintia Taxi Owners Association (EJTODA) led by President Tiplang Rymbai, Secretary Hameki Salahe and Vice President Edrick Paslein on Saturday donated money to the family of Yoowanki Dkhar of Moolamanoh village. who is also a fellow driver who is in the synjuk after facing many difficulties in his life.
Hasina Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary.
Recalling that Christians will celebrate Good Friday and Easter Sunday on the 7th and 9th of this month, the President said, “We request the district authorities not to allow such marches. should happen in these days to confront the Christians of the State.
Shillong: The State Government has announced that the following villages will fall under a curfew, which is expected to be imposed from tonight.
They lived on whatever food they could get whether it was scraps or wild fruit.
The incident happened within hours of the night curfew.
If the Congress doesn't work hard, you will win the MLA election
Kuddin, a Pakistani who smuggled back into Assam from Pakistan in 2008 (e) the PIF Scheme (Prevention of Infiltration of Foreigners) which was in force since 1962 (f) the Meghalaya Foreigners (Tribunal) Order detailed suspects Bar ri.
Speaking on the road, the Minister recalled that when he was the Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly in 2010-2011, he urged to improve the road. I'm going to leave.
Besides, it was also said that at this meeting, the kur has discussed how to explain to the children, to remember the relationship with the kha ki man so that the future generations will know and know. Remember to honor your children, your parents, your brothers and sisters.
Besides, society has already become full of shortcomings, don't let it become bad.
Skill Development Officer, Lambormi Suchen, said that this is a program which the Government through the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills has provided special assistance for how to create opportunities for the youth in the rural areas to take action. In terms of tourism, this is the largest industry in the district.
It will be the first time that the 132nd Durand Cup will be held at four venues including Shillong.
The union also demands that the government should not take these illegal activities stingy and the government should immediately take measures to curb the illegal entry of foreigners into the state. The party shall take the law into its own hands and do whatever is necessary.
He said that Meghalaya needs to have a single political party so that it can recognize how it works because if it serves the right thing, it is praised and if it doesn't serve the right thing, it is criticized. blame.
Isac Surong scored the first goal of the match.
“There may be but we don't know and the police have worked hard to arrest all those involved in this case. to arrest all those involved in this case,” said the Prime Minister.
The collection of information is ongoing and there may be a later correction of the news.
There were also questions to explain many aspects of history related to Rev. Thomas Jones.
“The approach of the state government should be to avoid such activities and expect that there will be better ones.
On the other hand, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar promised to take action and at the same time he promised to forward the letter of the Seng to the Chief Minister for further consideration.
The states with the highest income decline include Uttar Pradesh (-6.08%), Kerala (-3.9%), Uttarakhand (-1.52%), Meghalaya (-1.8%) and Jharkhand (-0.9%). %) and Punjab (-0.12%).
There is no faithful dead.
Nano Urea-related activities strengthened Before 2025-26, five Nano Urea plants will be put into operation with a capacity of 44 crore bottles of 195 LMT of urea.
The Cheetah Project is only 10 years old and it is too early to predict the success of the project as the rehabilitation of the cheetahs here is a long-term project.
In a meeting with the union, the CEM KHADC promised that he will not issue NOC for the purchase of land by the BSF in Umtyrnga area.
She said that if there is no unity among the Khasi, there will be no Prime Minister from the Khasi and she will stand to unite the Khasi leaders.
The festival was inaugurated by Giriraj J Singh, Union Minister of Rural Development and Panchayati Raj, Government of India as the chief guest and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest.
“The number of people coming from Manipur into the village has decreased.
Sangma held talks with the players including coaches and leaders from the state in the presence of Dr Wilbur Manners, MCA President, MCA Member Zorba Laloo and coach Ian Vincent.
However, the Court did not allow and said that the remaining coal will be discussed on the day of the hearing on the coal issue in the state on the 4th of November.
Odisha has 16,369 government vehicles over 15 years old, 300 vehicles old over 15 years old and under 20 years old and 263 vehicles over 20 years old.
This is also important in blood testing centres, where the time to detect HIV after infection is faster and about half as fast as other tests.
At the meeting, which lasted only a few minutes, Pastor Basaiaw Moit said that the people of Maharashtra have invited him to contest the election from this constituency if the Meghalaya has not sent you.
“Regarding the garbage problem in Jowai, he said that the people are not cooperating and this is a shame to the District Headquarters of West Jaintia Hills.
When she got home, she told her husband and children about Rida.
The Jews are the nation of Israel, they are God's chosen nation on this earth, and this Jewish nation has played a great role since God created this world and until the end of time. bakut that ban smile.
Speaking at the programme, the Principal of Shillong College stressed on the fact that the youth of today have faced many changes and struggles due to the changes in the society.
The chief guest on this occasion will be Paiem Phylla Singh, Syiem of Nongstoin Hima.
Japanese Prime Minister Fumio Kishida in recent days launched new schemes and benefits for the people as part of the transformation of the economy and economic development in the country. country by expanding payments to families with children.
Speaking at the meeting, the President of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Streamly.
If we can only produce enough rice to meet rice demand, I think we have done well for the state," she said.
“We have been able to do well in various schemes of the Central and State Governments because the efficiency in the implementation of these schemes has improved through cooperation, vigilance, diligence and responsibility,” he said.
The incident happened at 5 pm after the rally of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at Laban Square. SP East Khasi Hills M Kharkrang said that the case has been registered under Section 144 CrPC.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 83605 out of which 81695 have recovered and 1449 have died.
Nongpoh, July 13: The National Handloom Development Corporation (NHDC) on Tuesday gathered the garment manufacturers in Umden area to hold a seminar to provide training and information on various benefits and schemes that they can get from the government. through the Ministry of Textiles, which was held at DUYA Auditorium, Diwon.
Fourthly, the proposal of the Government, when I say 'government' I mean those whom we have elected to sit in the Assembly or the Legislative Assembly of the State who do not think far.
The relatives of the body decided to leave the body at the scene for three days and three nights and believed that there would be a miracle that the young man would come back to life. no one shall touch the body within three days.
When they came back from the hospital, they buried her in a place owned by other people in Umlyngka, Mawria district and they didn't bury her properly. I went to look and found and saw a child dressed in white and informed the village and the village informed the police and the police Rai was taken to the Civil Hospital.
“Until now, we are standing with the people of the state because we want the aspirations of the people to come true and therefore we also demand from the central government to implement the ILP in Meghalaya,” said Bah Mawrie.
The funeral service should end by 3 pm.
If that happens, more deaths will continue.
Jowai, June 18: The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) today inaugurated the Phase-IV of the FARM Northeast Project which will be implemented over the next three years. villages under Thadlaskein and Laskein Block.
MeECL has recently paid Rs 429.40 crore for NEEPCO's electricity bill. Where has this electricity gone? Of course, it should still pay more money to NEEPCO because it needs electricity more and more but there should be no reason for the lack of light in the state.
Shangpliang also demanded that the district authorities should send an inquiry to the magistrates regarding the robbery of the contractors in charge of the Subhagya Scheme. The increase in electricity bill has been excessive even though no connection has been made, the residents have received the electricity bill, even though they have not been able to use the electricity bill. The MLA has promised to resolve the issue of the residents in the border areas in the upcoming Legislative Assembly. soon, to make the government aware that it should respond to the problems faced by the people from time to time.
At this meeting, it was suggested to the officials of the department to conduct an awareness program on the implementation of the new smart meters, including from the Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang, Women's Organizations and other working groups. Please, so that before the installation of smart meters they should be clear and without doubt, in front of the public.
At the same time, the union of truck owners and drivers will also discuss at the meeting the issue of the influx of trucks from abroad to earn money in the area.
The policeman was reportedly shot in the chest in a clash between opponents of President Evo Morales, who has fled to Mexico.
Many policemen and civilians have lost their precious lives in the fight against armed groups.
The Minister said that CM-Elevate is a program for local entrepreneurs and has been successful in the country and the government has given the opportunity to the youth to apply for jobs. any proposals under the scheme.
“How can the government employees set rules for the government?” said Samla Lambokstarwell, adding that these Dkhars are only foreigners and the government has the right to do whatever it wants.
“According to the information I have received, there are still three coal miners who are still trapped inside the coal mine at Shera in Langmar, Shallang, West Khasi Hills.
– Niwil Sumer Information Secretary – Rikmenlang Sumer Assistant Information Secy – Dominic Khynriam Chief Advisor – Miet Sumer Assistant Chief Advisor – Rijus Puleng 10 members were also appointed.
Another way to free the city from the congestion is to move the government offices from the old Shillong to the new Shillong.
KHLIEHRIAT: The JNC and the Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) have seized two trucks carrying cattle suspected to be smuggled to Bangladesh from Khliehriat at 1 pm on Thursday.
The training program was held at ATS Kyortyrkhang, Khliehtyrshi West Jaintia Hills District. The Block Office, KVK, Agriculture, Branch Manager SBI, Jowai, representatives of LPG Gas Agency attended the ceremony. to provide detailed information to the residents who will benefit from various government schemes including PMAY, PMJAY, NRML, Atal Pension Yojana, PM Jan Dhan Yojana, Nano Fertilizers and others.
These issues are to allow persons with disabilities to become members of the MPSC and District Selection Committees (DSCs) in each district in the state.
Besides, it is difficult for the poor to correct errors in the Aadhaar card or to enter new information, such as relocation and others.
Those who oppose will lose their Khasi-Pnar identity and race.
Mr. Victor.
He said the answer should be given by the MDA government from Conrad K Sangma, the Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar and Prestone to answer how these factories have emerged as titles in East Jaintia Hills.
If this continues, it will undoubtedly lead to a more serious disaster that will affect the livelihood of the people.
The shooter fled the scene and was arrested later.
The team led by Bah Bobby L.Nongbet (coach) scored the second goal through a penalty shot by Brazilian chess player Douglas Tardin in the 45+4 minutes. tam scored 2-1 in the first half.
On the 13th October, the program was held at Loompyrdi Iongpiah with the participation of youth and parents from four villages including Chilliangraij, Umchangiar, Loompyrdi Iongpiah and Loomkyrwiang.
With the help and support of many Government officials from the Ministry of Health, we were able to achieve this goal on 14
The attendance was attended by Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries from 13 villages including Padu Bah, Padu Mawsku, Padu Mawjyllang, Khonglah, Nongbareh Rim, Nongbareh Lyntiar, Ammutong, Mawlong, Mawngap, Amkoi and Padu Mawjyllang. Lizard Rim.
But have you ever wondered how much time is stolen by people working in Government jobs, NGOs, Factories and church groups.
Police have also received inquiry from one of Wilungboa's friends, who said that on that night, Wilung was drunk when he left the party and ran away. He saw that Wilung had run away from the road. As soon as he saw the incident, his friend informed the police, and the police came to the scene and found the body.
However, as it is now, any shop established by the father after the death of the father has been taken over by the daughters of the shop. For example, in the past, the shop was named A.B but now after the death of my father, the shop has been named CD. In the shop of A.B, it is no longer an A.B but a C.D. For example, those who give jait to their father in the trade of inheritance increase and increase from one inheritance to another because if the father has established any shop after the death of the father that shop is taken over by the sons and the name and caste of that shop is passed from one generation to another and the shop is extended from one generation to another Bhajanlal at Police Bazar Shillong and Vishal at Jail Road.
In addition, skilled players who are over or under the age limit will not be excluded but will be judged according to their achievements by experts.
Speech was delivered by the Skills Development Officer, MSSDS, Ma Lambormi Suchen, who explained about the Skills Meghalaya Project of the Government of Meghalaya and the types of training available through the Skills Meghalaya Programme. for young people who intend to start their own business after completing their training through Skill Training.
The 13-member committee headed by Justice (Retd) Biplab Kumar Sharma has prepared its report for submission to Amit. Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, Government of India.
James Sangma welcomed Diverland and his supporters to the NPP and appointed him as the Chief Organizer.
Teachers often complain that they don’t get paid on time.
Let them speak whatever they want but those people who don't know these documents, I think we speak only in the air.
Bishar was named Man of The Match after leading Moodymmai to victory.
Dr. Sangma said it is expected that if the dorbar is too short – only 2 days for matters brought by Private Members Business, as well as for Government Business. ', has only one day to clear the Supplementary Demand for Grant and another to discuss the budget, so the House will not have time to look into it.
Khliehriat, March 28: The Ladrymbai Police Station, East Jaintia Hills District, today conducted an awareness program for school children on the dangers of drugs at Tep Kyndait in Tuber. The Officer Incharge of the OP, Sub Inspector CGR Rymbai gave an explanation to the children by showing pictures of various types of drugs through a projector.
There are also some lizards that eat the leaves of the sohniamtra or sohmyndong tree; but the root of the snowflake, which is called the snowflake, is more destructive.
Isaiah 14:13–14.
Shillong, Nailar 26: The Department of Environment and Traditional Eco-Systems, Martin Luther, has launched a campaign to improve the protection of wildlife in the state. Christian University today held a discussion among experts on the issue, which was attended by experts from the Ministry of Environment, civil society, government officials and officials from the Ministry of Environment and Natural Resources. Assam and others.
Shillong, November 2: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been elected as another MDC from the new constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor.
It was in 2011 that the government handed over to MECL (Meghalaya Electricity Company Limited) to provide information regarding electricity.
In another raid, BSF troops of the 4th and 172nd Battalions seized clothes worth more than T.20 lakh from the border of East Khasi Hills and East Jaintia Hills. Bangladesh is the only country in the world.
On the demand of the GNC and HSPDP for a state between Garo and Khasi, Dr Donkupar said the party has said that the UDP has said it will support their demand but has not discussed it properly. on the Khasi-Jaintia state.
He said that according to the reply received from the RTI request from the SMB office, out of the 342 households living in Mawlong Market, there are 148 households who are not employees of the SMB or of any government Department, and only 194 households are employees of SMB or other government departments.
After this Rgh Division.
Under this scheme, 77.79 per cent of the residents in rural areas and 50.87 per cent in urban areas will receive foodgrains according to the 2011 census.
He declined to comment on the allegations against former Governor Shanmuganathan but said the law would take action.
However, I am pleased that the Congress has achieved its goal.
Guwahati: The Arunachal Pradesh government has decided not to allow unvaccinated people to enter the state.
He expressed his gratitude to God that the Society has now been able to set up training centers in sewing and music which is a Music Class for the special residents and the office. The Society is located at Moowakhu, Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills District. The training was also conducted to love each other and within the Society there are many members who help the Society. They express their love and welcome the special people who come to be trained at this center of the Society.
However, Meghalaya, apart from Matsiewdor War, who competed in the Asian Games in Seoul in 1986 and Benning Lyngkhoi in the Marathon in later years, has never been able to win. to the athletes who will be the pride of the state to represent their country.
This shows that the people do not like many of the candidates that the NPP has nominated from 36 constituencies in Rilum Khasi and Jaintia.
Shillong, Iaïong, 24: It is sad and regrettable to see that the government has not taken action to address the issues of teachers because they have to fight for their rights. “The Ministry of Education should put teachers first because teachers are the builders of the new generation of the state who are the future of the state,” said Bah PT Sawkmie MLA Mawlai Constituency. .
Do you smoke shisha? To understand this question, we need to turn to the background of the Rympei Khasi.
He said that if we look back at the 2018 election, most of the winners are the leaders and businessmen.
Pakistani troops have arrested Abhinandan Varthaman, Wing Commander of the Indian Air Force, after his bomber crashed into Pakistan during a collision with an incoming aircraft. and Pakistan.
In the villages and hamlets under the Shillong Municipality, many people have been fined between 5,000,000 and 25,000,000 tyngka to the Shillong Municipal Board for being found throwing garbage by CCTV cameras.
It is the first time that the finalists have both been from the United Kingdom.
Ford sold its Jaguar team to Red Bull in 2004 and the team, which remains the champion, is still based in the same factory. in the heart of Britain.
The picture shows that the militants have begun to infiltrate these days, in parts of East Asia as well.
Earlier, two teams, Pune FC and Bharat FC, were no longer eligible to take part in this season.
Speaking on the mid-term elections, Ardent said that during the mid-term elections, one of the UDP's MLAs, EK Mawlong, passed away. He said that the Congress party has not been able to win the election but this time he said that in Nongstoiñ there will be no other party to replace Maieid Hoping. Shillong, March 30: The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed Rajesh Ranjan as the Election Expenditure Observer to oversee the expenditure of expenditure. Nongstoin (ST) Assembly Constituency 32 – Nongstoin (ST) Assembly Constituency.
“The prisoners have expressed their reluctance to eat the food,” said Bah Buam.
“He also admitted that his Government has announced the construction of schools and hospitals, roads, water supply throughout the state.
However, he said that marriage is only for the development of human beings in the world.
The UDP, therefore, has decided to take a break and the senior leaders of the party, to cool down their own brains and allow the two private members of the Council, to lead the Executive Committee and who knows, if there is enough peace and milk and fish, perhaps these two, will want to throw bombs later.
Chachat scored the first goal through Attamchi Sangma (30+2).
You will pay for the chow and baisha.
It is a special day to honor and respect the Muluk and Jaka owners.
He said that the officers have been directed to go to the areas to complete the necessary works in which the Deputy Commissioners have also taken their part.
The Israelites were delivered from slavery in Egypt but it did not affect their spiritual condition because they were not spiritually delivered because they did not recognize the Savior and Redeemer Jesus Christ, the Messiah. the Israelites waited for him, Until now they did not recognize him and were still waiting for him.
Jesus spoke these words to the Jews and spoke in one of the courtyards of the Temple and there was also a heated argument between Jesus and the scribes, Sadducees, Pharisees and others. soul (John 8:33–59).
He said that this task has been appointed to the Executive Member in charge of the Education Department of the council with the assistance of the State Government.
During the meeting, the Chief Minister expressed his satisfaction that Nongstoin has a dialysis machine.
Noting that the decrease in the monthly fees in private schools has caused a lot of trouble to the parents and relatives, he said, “The tuition fees for the whole year at the beginning of the year, which is about seven times what you pay in a month, is like paying another half year of monthly payment.
Jonathan Mawa scored 47 off 30 balls while Anmol Kr Shah scored 4/4
He was born on November 13, 1927 in Nongdom Pariong.
He said that the entry and exit gate is not to prevent the entry and exit of people who come to the state, but it should provide information to the people who come to the state.
Nongstoin, March 10: U Pastor Nongshillong, Sordar of Mawïamsyiem Village, Meghalaya, Assam, has admitted that he has been involved in the incident of The office of the Syiem of Nongmynsaw Syiemship Hima, has forcibly removed him from the post of Sordar without due process and without transparency.
The Wildlife Department has conducted a post mortem.
If it affects the high levels, it is not right to take decisions without consulting those who are affected by the decisions of the government if they are minor.
The State Government has allowed the shops under Essential Commodities in the villages to open, but these will be under the arrangement of the Dorbar Shnongs and they must follow the SOPs.
Ms War said that music is very important in any culture and through music we can preserve the culture of the nation.
It is expected that the PGI will assist the States and UTs to address the shortcomings and prioritize the key issues to ensure that the quality of education in schools is strong at all levels.
The BJP has 73 members in the House.
A day before the end of receipt of nominations for the Assembly elections, the Chief Minister of Nagaland – Neiphiu Rio, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah – Y Patton, the former Chief Minister – TR Zeliang and other dignitaries have gone to register their names to contest the election to be held on the 27th of this month.
In his speech, Bah OL Passah, Superintendent of Fisheries, South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his gratitude to the Mawkyrwat Fishing Association (MFA) for having the spirit of preserving the environment. especially the doh-um doh-wah.
The growth and development of Shillong began in
After retiring, he took over as coach of Las Rozas CF at the age of
Furthermore, the meeting was attended by the residents of the area where some of the Sordar Shnongs of the area as well as the Sengbhalang, expressed their concern regarding the lack of electricity supply. He said that the lack of electricity in the area has been going on for more than two years. In relation to this problem, the Sirdar Shnong of Athiabari has also submitted a petition. The chairman of the committee is Salsang C Marak.
Compared to other years, the General Secretary of the Hynniewskum Hynniewtrep Association, Bah Jubanlak Hynniewta, said that today is the highest number of people who have flocked to the venue. He said that the reason for the large number of people who came was because it was a holiday.
The mastery of others is the mastery of others, you can never be the master.
Speaking on the passage of the bill, he said it is unfortunate that the government has introduced it by force just because it is in the midst of a high paid bill.
Gokulam Kerala, who will play Shillong Lajong today, are currently in first place with 10 points from four games.
Baghel also praised the state for not having dowry cases, saying that during his tenure in Agra, there was never a single day when there was no case of dowry cases. the writer's flight because of the dowry.
“UP, which is the headquarters of the Congress party, was born in that state but in the last elections it failed.
In his welcoming remarks, Bah Aiborsing said, “If I don't love the nation, I feel like a criminal.
Replying to a question by many members of political parties, including CML MLA TRB Raja, he said that in what way the members in the House were surprised to hear that the The Central Government has selected three Block in Tamil Nadu for the purpose of setting up a market in the districts along the Cauvery River. on this.
The families of these fishermen have jointly staged a protest along with the AITUC for the immediate release of the stranded fishermen.
Some residents are brave enough to file a complaint directly with the High Court when they find illegal activities.
Border Security Force (BSF) troops arrested a Pakistani national near the international border in Ferozpur sector of Punjab on Friday.
The deceased was from New Bhaitbari area of ​​West Garo Hills.
Swamiki Paswet (45), Monjurlang Suchiang (43*), Yutang Kma (39).
Do what this man said have anything to do with those who claim to be Christians today to follow Jesus? In the days of Jesus, people followed Him as He went, like those 5,000 people whom Jesus fed with five barley loaves and two small fish.
MeECL earns Rs 550 crore annually from electricity generation and needs strong management to strengthen its income, said Engineer MF Mawlieh, General Secretary MeECL Engineers. Association and who is also a member of the Joint Action Committee (JAC).
SAFF Joint Secretary Naba Bhattacharjee said the group has already discussed with the leaders of all the church groups to decide to meet again with the state government on Monday. on the 7th to discuss before reopening places of worship and other necessities at such times.
I too have become an MDC for the second time in these years.
Therefore, the Khasi Jaintia Hills and the Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum people are a paradise for women where they can marry their children. Therefore, they have to understand and respect and sanctify the body, the body, the family, the clan, the customs and traditions.
Protests have taken place in other parts of Uttar Pradesh against the price hike of piat to T.100 per kilo.
She said that the Langpih area needs a bank because the people who can sell even a little sying and synsar have to come to Nongstoiñ to deposit money. Those who have received only 500 tyngka from the government have to come from Nongstoiñ and have to spend up to 300 thousand tyngka for the vehicle fare to collect the 500 tyngka.
During the public meeting, the participants asked many questions and misunderstandings on the policy and urged the MLA of the area to take this issue to the Legislative Assembly.
“I feel that as a government minister, I will try my best to ensure that the villages in the state will get adequate and good drinking water, not only my constituency,” he said.
“Many youths have joined the HNLC, who are ready to write history once again,” he said.
I'm going to Khasi.
The Minister said that besides these cases registered, the Cyber ​​Crime Wing has also conducted 20 training programs and 55 public awareness programs in schools, colleges and educational institutions.
Shillong, Nailar, 03: The Central Executive Council of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has warned the Forest Department of the State Government not to force the residents of the state who sell their goods along the road in the area of ​​7 Mer, Upper Shillong.
The allegation is not true without witnesses,” said the Minister in reply in the House on the issue raised by the Nongkrem MLA today.
Shillong: U Arun Singh, National General Secretary, BJP, today met with BJP office bearers in Ri-Bhoi District.
He said that these tynghung, which have been used without permission from the government.
“We demand that the police guarding the Infiltration Check Gate at Byrnihat should be vigilant and prevent the entry and exit of foreigners into Meghalaya,” he said.
At the same time, the HNLC has stressed the need to end the conflicts among the indigenous people of Hynniewtrep.
“We want information from the MHRD and we will be satisfied when we get it from it,” he said. , they will accept but if the MHRD applies the same to all, the union will file a PIL in the court.
“We are in a state of shock because Meghalaya has 85 per cent reservation – 80 per cent for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo and 5 per cent for other ethnic groups.
Lidia Lyngdoh, resident of Mookyrdup, Jowai, passed away on 29.08.2021 after suffering from a long illness.
This is necessary due to the lack of a law that punishes candidates who leave their party to join another party.
“This step taken by the Japanese government and NEHU has also been approved by the Ministry of Education of the Government of India,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Two persons from Meghalaya and three from Assam were arrested and 817 grams of foreign gold and 27 lakh tyngka in cash were seized from them.
They are Minister of State AL Hek, former President Ernest Mawrie, Fenela L Nonglait, Mewaker Lyngdoh and Sumita Laloo.
He said that the government has provided oxygen cylinders and will soon install oxygen generators at Shillong Civil Hospital, Nongpoh Civil Hospital, Tura Civil Hospital, Jowai Civil Hospital, RP Chest Hospital and Ganesh Das Hospital.
The full office bearers of HYC Nongpoh Circle were confirmed by Samla Roykupar Synrem General Secretary of HYC Nongpoh Circle in the presence of Samla Hercules Suting. Bah Vicky Syngkli Rangbah Shnong Iewmawlong and other leaders of the party at a meeting held at the Iewmawlong Dorbar Hall.
Rimeka Khongkai (9.39 min), Daiamon Makhroh (1,14,45,56 min) scored 7 goals for Ri Bhoi District UP School. ), Baltera G.Momin own goal (28 min).
There will also be Selection Trials for Zonal, National Body Building and Yoga.
The government has submitted a blueprint after rejecting the HPC's proposal in June 2022 for 200 square meters of land to be allocated to each household of 342 households. within the European Ward in addition to the expenditure on the construction of these houses.
In Pynursla Block, the LJP has 17 office bearers and 22 executive members.
On November 27, 2022, a similar incident occurred in Karnataka, Mysuru District, where religious extremists attacked and damaged the statue of the Infant Jesus at St. Mary's Church. These religious leaders have also stolen the ark of the covenant that is in this temple.
It is also prohibited to broadcast or broadcast anything related to elections, under section 129 (3) of the RP Act 1951, through TV, cinema or other media.
The increasing profitability of sugarcane production facilities has also benefited the two sectors involved in these activities, namely farmers and sugarcane buyers.
According to information, Bah Dip has decided to contest from the BJP in North Shillong after he resigned from the UDP to contest from Nongspung constituency which he won twice in the past years.
“The VPP will stand up to fight against corruption and mismanagement of the government, we will have to fight against it but there are those who have stood up against the VPP, they feel the need to mislead the people. to the people," he said.
He started working as a school teacher and taught Khasi at Government High School, Shillong from 1905 until his retirement in November
“He has signed a peace agreement with the Garo rebels but he has turned away from us. We have trusted him as a leader but this has made things worse. The Prime Minister should take responsibility, we will intensify our programs to shake the government,” said the statement.
The Prime Minister concluded his speech by congratulating all the citizens of the country on this memorable budget.
Shillong: Ryntih SC beat Nongrim Hills SC 2-0 in the Shillong Premier League (SPL) match played at Polo on Saturday.
Papua province, Indonesia, November 16: An Indonesian plane carrying 54 people crashed in Oktabe district of Papua today after the plane could not land due to darkness, the airline said. the kit is the source of that country.
The KSU demands that the state government should not take strong action and impose a fine of crores of rupees if these factories continue to dump garbage into the rivers.
He also alleged that there were job cards in the hands of VEC Secretary Justman Lamin Rymbui, Chairman Mone Shadap, Rangbah Shnong Hedric Dhar and Secretary Elvis Khongiong. .
Robertjune said that in the coming days the CoMSO will hold a meeting to discuss the protests regarding the demand for ILP in the state.
Similarly, the Pynursla Area has not been able to prove that they are indeed 'intelligent and intelligent war people'
You will have to listen to Hindi.
It is to be recalled that Bah Lurshai Hynniewta was arrested by foreigners carrying weapons on the day the Khasi Students Union (KSU) held a rally at Ichamati Market to explain to the public and protest. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) has now become law.
Tomorrow in the women's category, Tynrai will play against Tyllilang and Coterie will play against Shakina Academy.
Shillong, Naitung, 04: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya on Tuesday informed the Union Minister Dharmendra Pradhan that he will take action regarding the affected students of Meghalaya and the need to introduce There are 12 Common University Entrance Test (CUET) Centers in 12 districts of Meghalaya.
The training includes training in beekeeping, flower planting, cooking traditional food, baking cakes, converting nuts into fertilizer and pig feed, making pesticides for vegetables, making umsoh, achar, wine, mitkit, training on how to start a business, leadership skills and how to speak and relate to the public.
“We have left to support the PDA to reap the benefits including the eviction of the Khar Mator from Iewmawlong and the Government of India's intention to amend the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill 2016,” he said. said Bah Process while speaking today.
“Let the writing be done by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills with a copy of the order and the newspaper which mentioned the speech.
On 31st March, her relatives came and explained that the duty of the orderly peon is in the officer's quarter and she has to do household chores.
The casting agent was appointed by Bankyrshan Kharnair.
The Dorbar Shnong is not responsible for any injury to those who do not come to clean up.
Shillong: There have been 422 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 458 recoveries and 3 deaths.
Most of them want their children to learn and become doctors, engineers and other professions. part of bringing service to fellow human beings.
Pijush Hazarika also said that the KAAC revenue gate has been removed. He said that this gate cannot collect revenue from the residents of the state, but in his opinion the KAAC can collect revenue from the residents. Karbi Anglong and said that the Assam police have the authority to collect taxes.
Let us stand around and let the world go to see us.
The Minister of State for Food and Civil Supplies, Clement R Marak, said that the NFSA will benefit 21,49,095 residents of the state.
“Before the coronavirus and African swine flu, we were safe and the meat industry was doing well, but now it is a big loss for us because the buyers have decreased due to the price hike and fear. the swine flu," he said.
He said that the school principals have agreed that all teachers should be vaccinated against covid-19 and this will be decided in the coming days.
“Our feet have stood within thy gates, O Jerusalem” Psalm 122:2
chapter 20.
The Prime Minister said that the opening of 91 FM transmitters furthers the policies of the Government which looks more closely at the poor who have not received this service yet.
He promised that the BJP will support the governments of Meghalaya and Assam to complete the border settlement work soon.
Of all these, Smooth Cayenne is the best.
He said that Meghalaya has improved rapidly compared to other states and he has set a target that within 15 to 18 years this state will become a prosperous state.
From clean water, clean air and even nutrients we get from the environment and therefore we must understand that it is our duty as citizens to preserve and protect the environment. environment for the present and the future,” said Prof. Laloo.
The death toll has risen to 110, including children and women.
The union, although their salary is not exact, has shown to the world that they have the spirit to give and have donated money to support the government in the fight against COVID-1 .
“Marngar said that the party has already informed the state leaders to take the best decision on this matter.
The Chief Minister said that the application for mining leases is ongoing and till now no mining lease has been approved by the state.
In the end, it is clear that the Central Government of India does not want the various peoples of the North East to live in peace in these Hills and will encourage the North Eastern regions to fight each other.
Praising the NPP, he said that in 2019, the party was recognized by the national party, making it the only party in the state and Northeast to get this status.
She said that the police will patrol any places where people gather and requested the cooperation of the VDPs of the villages to curb this.
The elected and confirmed office bearers of the UDP 5-Sutnga Saipung Block include President Rocky Well Sutnga from Sutnga, Vice President Jamesely Well Dkhar from Sutnga; President, Decius Pohshna, Ratacherra, Shanbor Lamare, Mookympad, Nangpoi Pasleiñ, Moriap, Adviser, Emlangki Lamare, Secretary, Da-o Lapasam, Chiehruphi, Assistant Secretary, Hem Chyrmang, Jalaphet, 29 Executive Members were also appointed.
“We demand that the Government should immediately appoint a CBI inquiry into the illegal coal trade,” said Deborah Marak Working President of the MPCC and former Minister of State.
Shillong: Police have arrested 11 leading leaders and members of the National Liberation Council of Rural Development (NLCN) in Khasi Jaintia Hills. ) on 17th July 2023, from many places in Khasi Jaintia Hills including one from Iewduh.
Shillong, Lber, 01: U BJP Leader Alexander L. Hek, who has been MLA for three terms from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency, on Tuesday said that no party will win more than 15 seats in the upcoming elections. they are not yet long.
The Hima Nonglang has sent a letter to the District Council of Garo Hills and the DC of Garo Hills in this regard. Garo Hills has sent a letter to the Hima saying that it should no longer dispute over the land as it falls within the boundary of Garo Hills.
Mawkyrwat, July 18: Golden Lion Football Club beat Langsning Football Club 1-0 in the second quarter final of the XVI Mawlangwir Invitation Football Tournament 2023-2 , Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
“There are other bills which have been planned to be completed but the time is too short to complete them,” said the CEM. Shillong: The winners of the Women League Third Ground Polo, Mawlai SC and Lumparing SC have won after leaving Group B. Mawlai, who are still the champions of the tournament, have won against Kharang SC beat Madanrting FC 7-1, followed by Lumparing's 8-0 victory over Madanrting FC.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Governor said, “The State will soon elect its leaders to the Legislative Assembly.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah SK Sun urged the parents that it is time for them not to send their children to school, because education is the key. It is very important in this age, that the children and future generations can know and understand better their own religion, customs and traditions.
The Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese strongly condemns anyone who takes advantage of the beliefs and feelings of the Catholic Church through social media which appears in the images of Jesus, Mary and priests. The religious leaders of the Church have been used in an inappropriate manner and have affected the faith and feelings of the Catholic Church throughout the Jowai Diocese.
This poses a great threat to our nation.
He added that the two Prime Ministers will soon inspect the border area on the 15th of November due to the conflict between the Pnar and Karbi communities.
However, to establish this society requires understanding, unity and certainty of working methods.
", said Mr. Denis.
Others who took part in the song included Deryl Warbah and Banri (Swa), Kailas Lyngdoh Nonglait (Blom), John Lyngdoh Nonglait, Darisha Nongsiej, Barisha Nongsiej, Jessie Mary Nongsiej, Darfulland Nongbri and Diamon Khardewsaw.
It is also worth mentioning that recently, there has been a stir inside the Mecofed Market in Mawiong, as the farmers and especially the agricultural traders, can no longer deliver agricultural products such as Synsar, Latyrpad and Sohmarit, as they have not yet received the Transit Permit (TP) from the District Council, which means that the District Council intends to collect tax on these agricultural products which are intended to be smuggled into Mecofed Mawiong. The reason why the KHADC has levied the tax is because it considers that synsar, Sohmarit and latyrpad are still forest products and not in the list of agricultural products.
He added that if the people of Mylliem constituency see what he has done, they will judge for themselves and give a decision.
