As the population increased, so did the number of houses built and villages and townships were built with multi-storey houses especially in the city and in the countryside as well.
The meeting was conducted by the Dolloi of Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing at Pamrakmai Govt.
Dohling scored the first goals for Mawlai in the 25th and 56th minutes and I Syiemlieh for Kick Start Academy in the 36th minute.
“We can lodge a complaint against the chairman if he refuses to hire the MDCs who are not from the party,” said Bah Lanong.
A total of 25 players from all over India have been selected to participate in the tournament organized by the All India Junior Boys Selection Committee of the BCCI. The U-16 Vijay Merchant Trophy will be held from 1 to 23 November 2022 in Baroda.
Daphira Khymdeit, a student of the college, expressed her pride that through her hard work and teachers, she has reached her goal and she wants to continue. don't worry about higher education.
“I tried and missed but I couldn't,” said Gavin and laughed.
Rana has been wanted by the police for months and about 45 cases have been filed against him in many districts of Uttar Pradesh.
Unemployment is the most important issue now as the children who have completed their studies, have to stay at home without jobs.
The JSM, after discovering the illegal entry of these foreigners, has urged the government to close the checkpoints and warn the contractors not to import foreigners if they cannot provide the necessary documents from the JHADC and the Labor Department. of the state government.
The MDCs who are still in the UDP are Laski Rymbai, Winning Garland Sungoh, Dr Sanki Shangpung, Finelynes Bareh, Emlangki Lamare, Lomris Lyngdoh, Richard Lyngdoh (Ind) while those who have left the UDP are Lakhon Biam, Krishna Langstan, Clean Treasury, Priesthood.
In the evening, the Datlawakor ceremony was held between the Langdoh of Pynthor Wah against the Sangot Paswet of Pynthor Neng. to the Pyntho River.
There is one Anganwadi Centre, one Anganwadi Worker, one Anganwadi Helper and 2 ASHA workers in the village.
On Monday, local taxis MLO4ABCD only those ending in numbers '0' and
The closing date for entry is 9th November, 2023 and those who wish to participate should visit the DSO office during office hours, while the venue and The date of the Open Volleyball Championship – 2023 will be announced later.
The Pay Load Space website says there were 186 attempts to launch spacecraft into orbit last year, 76 by the US, 62 by China, 21 by Russia and 5 by India. claim.
“It is interesting that from Delhi they have been recognized as NDA candidates and this is the decision of the top BJP leaders in Delhi.
The second match will be played between Shangpung Khliehmuchut and Mooknor Thadmuthlong at 1.30 pm.
These roads are under the MGNREGA scheme, the District Mineral Funding and the Meghalaya Basin Development Agency (MBDA).
Shillong: The Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in charge of land and mineral resources, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, has summoned the AMD department of the Government of India to seek clarification on the continued mining of mineral resources. from Mawthabah-Wahkaji which is suspected to be the uranium mine.
Badonlang Rapsang scored the first goal in the 30th minute.
The incident happened at Yerali Ashram School in Tumsar on Friday, he said.
Rev. Dr. PM Basaiawmoit was elected as Chairman, Secretary and Lawrence Basaiawmoit as Treasurer.
Two goals were scored by Kerlangmi (10) and Sambha Ryngkhlem (16).
Although Aikman left Pakistan last year for the same problem, he has expressed his desire for the position. He has been fighting for an arrear, but there has been no concrete news from this and he has had to take this step to resign completely.
This reminder is only to prevent and not an injection to cure covid-1
They also requested the Nongmihkhmat of the area to speak to the relevant authorities and urged the contractors to speed up the work as the road is necessary and the people of the area Therefore, you must not be in trouble because you still have many problems.
He said that there are about 4 vehicles that go to church but there are also those that ride in trucks because there are places where there is no road for trucks.
On the other hand, the DM urged the people to follow the rules of prevention by keeping a distance from each other and to keep clean by washing their hands several times a day. The government and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
These achievements show that the transformation of the health sector in Meghalaya in the last five years under the leadership of Conrad Sangma has been very encouraging.
A team of the health department has arrived at the village after receiving information about the incident from the DM. About 40 people have been admitted to the health centre. The victim and 15 others were taken to Khargone District Hospital.
She explained that the project involves the participation of Self Help Groups (SHGs), Village Organizations (VOs) of the villages together with the Village Councils (VCs) and VECs. government.
Many leaders have tried to come forward to demand and also to amend or renew the Reservation Policy 1972 according to the current situation, but the Government is still following the rules as decided years ago.
The preparations for the implementation of this project are in progress and have been done in a transparent and fair manner, he said.
It may be recalled that Uhalor has been accused of raping a nun 13 times between 2014 and
Those suspected of having the disease or those who have traveled from other areas should be isolated in health facilities and their close contacts should be monitored.
The athletes who will take part in the Senior Men & Women IFMA World Championship Muaythai to be held from 4th to 13th June in Bangkok, Thailand, have already been selected. The winner of the National Muay Thai Championship held from 16 to 22 July 2022 at Shriramati Kojti Roa Power Indoor Stadium, Dewas, Madhya Pradesh.
“The investigation into these two complaints is ongoing and the police chiefs have worked hard to find out all the facts regarding this incident,” said the Dy CM. no arrests have been made in connection with the incident.
Therefore, the deterioration of this road has affected not only the passengers from Rangthong area but also many villages of Ranikor Civil Sub-Division as well as those who used to use this road.
He added that the government's main goal is to improve the infrastructure to support and develop the athletes and also to encourage them to take care of the sports field they lead not only. to play to fulfill the duty.
After that, the suspect went to the house of Donaldstone Thongni and tried to break into the house of Donaldstone Thongni with weapons, with the intention of killing him but fortunately he was not at home. at that time.
Babu Primus Dkhar and Babu Rinaldus Dkhar congratulated the Deputy Commissioner for bringing this laboratory to the school.
But we all must condemn what happened.
Critics themselves often see only the negative side which is true and I agree with what Albert Thyrniang said.
The main competition in sports is the competition between women and men.
No parking will be allowed along the road from the office of the Hima Mylliem, Mawkhar Main Road to the Mawkhar Catholic Church.
:The new Assamese song, 'Nepo Amunpi', is scheduled to be released on 7th June
During the meeting, he said he had urged the special teams of the Delhi Police and the investigation teams of the CM to proceed with the investigation. to fight against and monitor gangs and bases of terrorist groups in many parts of the country as well as abroad including those from Pakistan, Canada, Malaysia, Australia, US and others.
1917iTEAMS, a project of the Ministry of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, has been awarded the Digital Transformation in Agriculture Awards at the 4th Digital Transformation Awards 2021 held on 18 1st November 2021 through an online platform for its use of Information Technology in the working methods which is a means of assisting farmers in agriculture in India.
The doctors accused of circumcising the 13 children of the Meherbaan Orphanage are Dr Habib Md. Reazul Karim (Urologist), Dr Syed Wasim Hassan (Anaesthetist) and Dr Mhd Yunus (Anesthetist).
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskein Circle today visited Khatkasla village in Block 1 on receiving information that the Assam Government has planned to build a Police Outpost near the village.
The Rangbah Shnong also requested the relevant authorities to take action to resolve the problem of the residents and the village authorities are fighting as much as possible to clean up the streets and resolve the flood. in this city.
The 5km marathon, called the 2023 5k Run Accelerating Change, started at 6:30 pm from the gate of the Polo JN Stadium.
The railway line from Tetelia to Byrnihat was also started but had to be suspended due to opposition from the civil society.
Bah Wajri said they demanded to stop the construction of the building because the school authorities have not obtained permission from the Hima to build a new school building.
They said that in the past years when Bah S.Kharlyngdoh was Deputy Commissioner and Bah S.Nongtnger was Superintendent of Police, they had go to meet to discuss this important issue.
The shortage of these new books in the market shows that the Government has failed in planning and coordination with the manufacturers or suppliers of the books which has raised doubts. This is to improve and promote education in the state or is it one of the business schemes of the Government in the name of education.
“We are sure that they were injured in this incident.
The Muay Thai athletes of the State won two gold, one silver and one bronze medal at the 3rd Amateur Muay Thai Championship 2022 held at the State Boxing Arena. The team of the All Meghalaya Muay Thai Association under the leadership of the President of the Muay Thai Association, Bah Samuel Hahshah.
The purpose of this organization is to work together to discuss many issues related to the farmers in the state as a whole.
To be like the late Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh, your former friend.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26: U Obil Kyndiat, who has won five terms as MDC, once as MLA and many times as CEM, has been elected five times as MDC and once as CEM. He will contest the 2018 MLA election against the Sitting MLA, Justine Dkhar and two others, Kyrmen Shylla and one female MDC. you're Violet Lyngdoh.
I'm sorry that it's been an inexplicable loss, I've been watching while the light bill we pay every month has never decreased, mostly it's increased, according to the way we are. in the calculation of the workers if they failed to come to work then the wages went down, and they did not say anything because they understood that they did not come.
On the other hand, Conrad Sangma said the Meghalaya government will hold another meeting to consider the demands of the MDCs from both sides.
Prestone Tynsong said the government has decided that from 15th June, various construction works including roads and other development works which have been suspended since last year can resume. .
The Central Government has launched the National Program for Prevention and Control of Cancer Cardio Vascular Diseases and Stroke (NPCDCS) and any patients who need treatment can get treatment at the Health & Wellness Centres. who are in every village and place.
Exodus 20:8.
“Pule Puthi is available everywhere, as the Government, we have made a little progress.
The awards were presented by CT Laloo Chairman of Sports and Games Iongpiah, RD Sungoh President Laskein Block Association, Alan Niangti, Waheh Shnong Iongpiah. , Teddy Laloo and others.
The police chiefs of these two districts were present at the ceremony and a wreath laying ceremony and a moment of silence was held.
The match today will be between Mynthong and Ladthadlaboh at 2:00 pm.
Lakadong CD Block of West Jaintia Hills District of Meghalaya has a demand of more than 7.5% for this variety in the market due to its different taste, texture and stem colour. which blooms.
The message is strong, but it doesn't stir up the bones, the shyieng and the shruh and it will make us feel guilty about the decline of the present generation.
For more information please call 6009524068, 8131940262 &
Even among those of us who are more conservative, we find it difficult to think that religion is one of the issues in elections.
According to the order, all liquor shops including IMFL shops/bars/hotels/CA bars/CS shops/canteens and square shops are prohibited to close on these days.
For the sake of peace and stability within the Raid, Paiem Ken Syiem urged the children of the thousands to cooperate not only in preserving the customs and traditions, but also to bring peace and stability. He added that the children of the Raid will continue to develop in all aspects of human life.
He said that Ampreen has promised to visit the hospital in the presence of MLA Nujorki Sungoh.
“You will be blessed in the country.
Today, Ranaut was passing through the area with police guarding her, but was blocked by farmers, who raised flags and shouted against her.
He said that what Saket Gokhale has alleged is wrong to say that there has been no development in the Government in the last four years of the MDA Government. If there is no such thing, why does the state receive many awards for its ability to work for the safety and security of the state?
Entries should be submitted to the Hony General Secretary WJDSA and the deadline for submission of entries is on or before 8th November 2023 at 2.00 pm.
Ahmedabad: At least 141 people have been killed when a bridge collapsed on the Machchhu River in Morbi, Gujarat on Sunday.
A reconsideration hearing is scheduled for May 3, 2023.
This can be witnessed from the villages which are still governed by the Dorbar Shnongs headed by the Khasi Rangbah Shnongs together with the Longsan Mansan Shnongs who have contributed to share the responsibility of their villages.
Mexican authorities on Tuesday said 16 Mexican refugees and one Venezuelan were killed in a car crash in central Mexico on Tuesday.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Tableland Lyngwa, said that the man, whose name has not been released, is from Ksehkohlong village.
The oxygen cylinders were handed over by Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, President of the RBCA in the presence of Dr. M Mawrie, DMHO of Ri-Bhoi District and other officials. Hospital.
The two-day tournament was organized by the All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) with the support of the Government of Meghalaya. 372 participants from less than 10 years to adults from different parts of the state.
The initiative of banks to bring economic awareness to small and medium enterprises will inevitably improve income generation not only in urban areas but also in rural areas.
“If the minister cannot implement our demands, we demand that he should resign,” said the students.
The centurion who was near the Cross, taking from his testimony and those who were with him on Mount Calvary, testified that Jesus was indeed the Son of God and that He was also the Son of God. God has power and authority.
In fact, since the time of the British rule, a law has been passed to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners into these hilly areas of the North East.
The Indian National Congress has already filed a complaint with the Election Commission.
According to information received, the fire started from a fire in a timber factory and caught fire in a neighboring house.
Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky said about 60,000 tonnes of agricultural products destined for China were destroyed in the Russian air strikes overnight.
There are also areas where the plants that have started to grow have been hit by the hail and will affect their growth.
He said the central government does not want to write as it has done in the past on the CAB and for this reason, this meeting has been called to ask for opinions and feelings.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong SC beat Lion Sports Club 3-2 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup qualifier on Thursday.
Condemning the Sohiong MLA, Rani said that this is the first time in the history of Meghalaya that instead of the leaders helping to create jobs for the youth, unemployed but the job was taken away by the leader of the people.
Tapan Gogoi, General Secretary of the AASU, said that the civil society in Assam is strongly opposed and will not allow the 111 villages of Assam to go to Bangladesh.
Candidates are allowed to bring only 10 people including the candidate into the village and only two vehicles.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : Former President of the HSPDP, Bah Sandondor Ryntathiang together with many members of the HSPDP from Sohiong and Nongstoin, today joined the Voice of the People Party (VPP) at the VPP office in Lad Cream.
The title of 'Best Discipline School' was awarded to St. Michael & All Angels Secondary School, Jowai.
It is worth mentioning that the parents have complained about the shortage of textbooks and the high price of books, which has worried especially those who are low income.
When hospital treatment is no longer necessary, the residents of Maharajganj have no other option but to turn to the gods.
The Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) in conjunction with the Ayushman Bharat – Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana (AB-PMJAY) will cover the medical expenses of one person up to T.5 lakh per household.
The incident happened at 8 pm and the bus was carrying 45 people.
It is also one of the foods that we in Ri Khasi-Jaintia eat well and sometimes it is also a medicine that since our ancestors have used it in many ways.
“This is a violation of the Constitution because the Supreme Court ruling in 2002 has directed that all languages ​​and religious beliefs of minorities should be recognized,” Gogna said.
Of these, 10 are MLP Police and 8 are Women.
During the meeting with the SHG members, the officers stressed on the importance of water and the need to conserve it.
He said that at present the civil sub-division is fully operational with various departments including the SDO Civil, EAC, Supply and Registration Department for the land and also for the applicants. the ST certificate.
On the other hand, the Secretary of the State Pollution Board, Bah JH Nengnong, said that he will have to hold a public announcement because the public announcement is one of the ways to convey the feelings of the people and to listen to the decision of the pollution board. the public.
They also requested the villages where the water flows from 3 mer, 4 mer of Upper Shillong and so on to think together and not to throw garbage into the river.
The project provides three categories of incentives, including nutrition, health facilities and employment.
The youth should focus on their studies so that they can become the bright stars that will guide the future generations.
While the Ao-Nagas include the clans Pongen, Longkumer, Jamir, Imchen, Walling, Longchar, and other Naga sub-tribes have their own clans.
The Joint Secretary to the MHA said that according to the new arrangement, the number of MDCs in GHADC and KHADC will be increased from 30 to 40 and 4 MDCs will be permanent and 2 out of these 4 MDCs will be. reserved for women.
Nativity Higher Secondary School won 47 medals including 19 gold, 16 silver and 12 bronze medals.
This is a sign of the religion, the system of counting the tribes inherited from the man.
This is what happened in the past years.
Shillong, Nailar 26 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has urged the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukl Sangma to read carefully the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security (Amendment) Bill to receive approval from the President of India.
Now Israel has issued a strict decree that it will not supply fire, food or fuel to the area.
Out of 100, the shares are 40, 40, 15 and
He said that we don't need the unity of the leaders anymore, but it is urgently needed for the people to show the unity among the people and to show the power that the people have, from the “It's a part of the change in the state as a whole,” said Bah PN Syiem.
From the beginning to the end of the protest, there was nothing to disrupt the peace and order in the State.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9: After the construction of the Medalin Kurbah shop at Iewduh was suspended, the ministers of the Hima Mylliem from the opposition and also The owners of the shop said that they will not stop at all but will continue the work to complete the construction of the market. “We will continue our work, if anyone is involved in the building, we will lodge an FIR against the 17 ministers who are against the building. Mylliem Hima,” said the husband of Medalin Kurbah.
The KJP Synod Sepngi Service which was held last month on the 12th October, 2023 at Lyngkhoi Presbyterian Church was held smoothly without any interruption.
“We have sent up to five letters to the Central Government to approve the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India,” he said. VPP MLA from Mawryngkneng, Bah HS Kharpran.
The Government has ordered that vehicles carrying goods passing through these bridges should not exceed the tonne limit, which has been set by the State Government to protect these two bridges. three bridges.
Bah Syiem is the youngest Symbud Lamphang to take over this post in the Council.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 2: The Gordon Robert Hospital, a hospital under the jurisdiction of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly, has been able to expand its services to others across the country. even to the villagers.
Tripura Chief Minister Biplab Deb tweeted that 17 new cases were reported from Ambassa in Dhalai district and earlier, 30 cases were reported on Tuesday. including 29 BSF personnel and one driver.
The Sur u Paidbah of Bri u Hynniewtrep through the WhatsApp Group, which follows many incidents around the Bri u Hynniewtrep, expresses its deep sorrow over the inability of foreigners to enter Meghalaya by trucks from Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills District.
Please don't bother us anymore.
“It is only his personal statement, not the party's decision to nominate a candidate but at present there has been no decision or meeting on this.
Until now there are training centers for the youth like Don Bosco Technical School and others, but if the government does not take action and introduce a strong awareness program it will help the youth to understand better.
The third round of the 3rd Meghalaya State League 2023 will start tomorrow 12th June at Kiang Nangbah Stadium at 3 pm.
This was announced on Saturday morning.
Regarding this, the CSWO also alleged that the youth are being misused by politicians to commit crimes. “This is not surprising,” said Agnes in a statement.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 61 new cases have been confirmed and 777 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
anthony that he joined other young men.
What I can say is that all the boards are good,” said Dr Laloo.
During the visit of the Minister, a female employee, complained to the Minister, that the outlet for women, is too dirty and immediately, he asked for a synsar. and other equipment to clean the toilet and he had to clean and clean it himself, with the help of the staff at the site.
In the team competition, the team of West Jaintia Hills District led by Baphin Nongrum, Shanlangki Lyngdoh, Calten Sari, Me-U-Ru Suna and Da OO Hi Dhar won the title. The team of East Khasi Hills District led by Janaising Marbaniang, Arkystar Kharkamni, Riangpor Kharkongor, Vincent Bareii and Arjun Thabah defeated the team of East Khasi Hills District.
The government's reluctance to stop violence against women shows that the government has no responsibility.
Different villages including Panaliar, Dulong, Chilliangraij, Loomiongkjam, Loomkyrwiang, Iongpiah, Shillong Raij, Ummulong and Ladthadlaboh Raij have brought their rots in pictures with a message to the people. .
He said that youth is a time when youth is still strong in thought, physical strength, vision and understanding if young people have the desire to do anything. There is no temptation that can stop them from being good from the heart.
Priyank Kharge from Chittapur (SC) constituency has received Rs 16.83 crore.
Raut said he was saddened that Disha Salian, who died before Rajput, was also insulted by committing suicide.
Because through this, they will strengthen agriculture to produce more agricultural products and sell them in the market.
SHILLONG: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CoMSO) has demanded that the ILP should not be turned into a political issue but should be implemented immediately so that it will become a weapon to protect the people. Hynniewtrep and Garo in Meghalaya.
Sanbor Shullai is the MLA of South Shillong from the BJP and through the announcement of the BJP, it has become clear that the party has elected Bah Shullai, in place of Bah AL Hek. , who has been announced in recent days, as the party's candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha Seat.
At the same time, the MTDF demands that the governments of Assam and Meghalaya should expedite the resolution of the border especially the investigation so that the truth can be revealed.
We would also like to express our gratitude to those officials from the Seng Khasi Departments, cities and towns who have come to join hands with us and give their body and soul without hesitation, to hold the Shad Suk Mynsiem. ours in all these three days, which went smoothly, orderly, peaceful and peaceful.
The Executive Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District in the presence of the Nongpoh Police Station on the orders of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhyaya.
Tracy Rympei opened the scoring for Laitkor in the 6th minute and Ïaraplang Nongrum strengthened the team's lead by scoring another goal in the 13th minute.
Almost every village in Ri Khasi we see the lyngkar of this heritage.
Those activities are special meeting preparation times, traveling, preparations for various meetings in their respective church groups.
Also present on the occasion was Dr Wahlang who is in charge of the health of pigs, cattle, cows, goats and all kinds of animals.
Shillong: In the Vinoo Mankad Trophy match between Meghalaya and Sikkim, which was played in Ranchi today, Meghalaya beat Sikkim in the second half. Meghalaya lost six wickets for 16 runs in the first innings, but Sikkim managed to recover from this with a strong performance from their ninth wickets. They increased their total to 155 runs in 44.5 overs.
Furthermore, MR said the government has taken steps to create opportunities for the youth of the region by conducting various programs like Skills Meghalaya, YESS Meghalaya, PRIME, CM Elevate and others.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah AL Hek said that the Nurses are a blessing to the society.
Speaking to reporters, RBSU leaders, including Bah Everjoy Nongpluh, President and Bah Amberlight Masharing, Working President, said that the reason for their meeting with the DC and complaining about the The management of the petrol pump, said that they are concerned after receiving information that the petrol pump, which was handed over to Bah Paul K Nongrum to become a dealer of Indian Oil under the ST category, has been handed over to Bah Paul K Nongrum. Paul Nongrum has invited a foreigner, Mamta Lonial, to take part in the management of the petrol pump.
They topped the pool with four wins and one draw, mostly against Japan.
The theme of the celebration is “Freedom, Equality and Justice for All”.
“Those who are near us” while those who are far away from us are those who live in the same village or village.
Some of these patients are from Mawryngkneng, Kut, Nonghali and Ri-Bhoi.
He also directed MeECL and other electricity departments to carry out urgent repairs in the villages which have suffered from power outages.
Shillong: The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday announced that the curfew will be in force from 7 pm to 5 pm every day from the 26th of this month.
Pyniaid said that there are only about 60 enforcement police in charge of about three districts within the KHADC boundary, but even so, the enforcement police of the council have been able to They work hard, even though they are still very few and it is not easy to run to Ribhoi, to the border of Bangladesh and other areas.
They also appealed to the public that if anyone has any information about the insurgency, please inform the police department. and make known their names.
Informing the heads of these factories including Star Cement, Dalmia Cements and Topcem Cements that the government has agreed to allow them to import coal from Assam, the DC has also set the rules. These factories should follow the rules to prevent the spread of Covid
He said that so far the state has 66 cases of covid-19 and 45 cases have recovered. 74 cases are high risk contacts and 130 cases are low risk contacts. .
In many places, if you plant crops even farther away from those mines, the water falls into the ground and the plants themselves absorb the lead from the soil and the bih stays in those mines. especially the vegetables that we eat.
The Minister hoped that in the coming years, the central government will introduce more schemes to develop the dairy sector.
Finally, an exhortation to many who have repented to remain so, because often when the fear is gone, they return to their former lives.
The fellow priests, who were present at the service, tried to help him, but they could not do anything and Father Jude died.
The JNV Mawphlang School was constructed at a cost of T.30 crore on an area of ​​21 acres.
Therefore, all the women who fall under the BPL list and are eligible to benefit from this scheme, are urged to apply for this Free LPG Connection from M/s Ailang Gas Agency Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem CEM of KHADC said, “After the Council recently visited the Ïewduh, we have decided to set up a committee to look after the market. Peace and harmony in Ïewduh, surrounding villages and cleanliness.
One barley imported from Balipara recently is more suitable for Khasi Hills.
Ma Wanshwa Suting also explained regarding the rally held by the Shnong Tuber Kmaishnong to condemn the training, he said that the union finds that the rally is a personal decision of the Waheh Shnong because According to social media and WhatsApp, the party found that the call for the rally came from the Head of the Dorbar Shnong, the Waheh Shnong but not from the EC or the Dorbar Shnong.
Therefore, we cannot say that since ancient times, the Rangbah who is the Khat-Ar Bor has been highly respected from the family to the family as well.
The word 'Tih' means 'Mining', which has not yet done any uranium mining since the past, which I have already confirmed from the Department of Mining and Geology of the Government of Meghalaya, as well as during our visit to the above areas.
“By implementing the order of the Central Government, it will alleviate the unemployment crisis faced by the youth of the state,” said Bah Dkhar.
Speaking to the inspectors of Bakur Dawki market, Bah Rockesster Warjri said, “When we expel the Bangladeshis, they still have a place to flee to Bangladesh, but if the Bangladeshis are allowed to come, If that happens, will there be another place in Ri Khasi Jaiñtia?” R. Lamare said that the Bangladeshis who clean their houses will be punished. clean tar for the people of the area should not be allowed.
These things have troubled Bah Shanbor; but nevertheless he was determined to walk according to his own way, in whatever form.
Members of the HYC Ri War Mihngi Circle (Pynursla Sub-Division) were tied by the 2nd OC of Pynursla while they were trying to lodge a complaint against those involved in the smuggling of muid to Bangladesh. stout and crazy.
The Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has the same objective for all the States and the reason is because it does not accept that there are too many people, who have fled from Assam and used their EPICs and other documents, to enter other states, which started in
He said that the distribution of electric vehicles by the Government to the residents of the state is because the Government wants to have a cooperation with them.
Moodymmai lost all 10 wickets in 29.4 overs and managed to score only 170 runs.
The Hima and later Syiems found it difficult to pay the fee and it is said that Thomas Jones convinced and stood with the Hima Nongkhlaw to oppose this fee.
From Huroi, it takes up to five hours to reach Sonapur, due to the poor condition of the road.
The KHADC has Acts, Rules and Regulations (Part-I) which have not been amended until
In another match, Lamin beat Seng Samla Shnongpdeng 4-1 by tie breaker.
Therefore, the meeting decided to urge the Government authorities to address the problems faced by the students.
“They are Jeebon Roy Mairom, Radhon Singh and Rabon Singh Kharsuka.
This happened after the end of the 3 and a half years or 42 months or 1260 days.
Nongpoh, June 18: U Kiren Rijiju, Minister of State for Law and Justice, today visited Ri Bhoi District as one of the 112 Aspiration Districts. selected in India, to oversee the development projects implemented as an Aspirational District in Meghalaya.
Four Executive Members.
Nongpoh: A day after the NPP leaders from Nongpoh Constituency, announced that they have left the party, on the grounds of allegations that they have been raped by the NPP leaders from Shillong and especially when Macdalyne S.Mawlong has announced that she will be the party's candidate for
The aim is to improve the lives of farmers.
The inauguration ceremony was attended by Bah Lui Lyngdoh, President, Lumlang Mawnai, Senior Vice President, Samla Shanlang Diengdoh. Secretary, Bah Banroy Wahlang and others.
A few days ago, I met with the residents of Madan Langtad road, which is probably the most pum place, on this road and they told me that every day, they breathe pum. pum suda and sadly, it is for their children, because the pum pum, it enters the kitchen, the bedroom and the bathroom as well.
In a statement, the General Secretary of the AMC&SA requested all the members of the Association to attend the meeting to get an explanation from their lawyer on the case.
If young people who have passed matriculation do not have the slightest knowledge of mathematics and science, they will be completely disadvantaged and unemployed in their lives.
They also demanded that the government should pay special attention to the families of the victims.
The training will be held at Youngster HR Sec School, Pongkung from 10:00 am.
I have not written this letter to deceive anyone; but to awaken the nation, for I do not want it to perish from this earth.
The Director of the ICCR, Manish Singh, said that it will be difficult in this age for people to produce these films related to culture and traditions because they are trying to produce films that are productive. .
He has entered politics since the formation of the HPU which was renamed the UDP and is still serving as the Adviser of the party in the state.
These traders who have been working at Dawki LCS for decades have met with the Dawki Police Chief on that day to ask for clarification why they were arrested. The owners of the Sohkha Weight Bridge have lodged a complaint against the trucks.
Although there is no restriction on doing such things, this has been wrong, because it has distracted the people from discussing the issues that are really important for the development of humanity and society.
The BSF admitted that they rescued Marak from Gasuapara in South Garo Hills district after the border troops opened fire on the militants.
Bah Bandari Ryntathiang said it is sad because the land owners are still fighting to get their rights from the government.
Leaders of the Tyrso Pullun Youth Association, Pynsuk Sten as President and Player as Assistant Secretary, today clarified that all the allegations are not true and it is only the presence of those who take it. They are trying to destroy the whole of Tyrso Village.
He was the top scorer of Manipur, Rain, who tied for 94 runs.
It means that the time of Satan is only 3 and a half years + 30 days, or 3 years and 7 months.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma on social media.
According to sources, there is no preparation for some of the opponents to divide the MDC constituency to appeal to the High Court after the Governor approves the KHADC Delimitation Amendment Bills,
Furthermore, the JYF-EJH expresses its regret over the overcrowding of illegal liquor shops in East Jaintia Hills District. The Excise Department has decided to investigate and arrest the illegal vendors because we have relieved the complaints of the people that in East Jaintia Hills the law has changed completely because of the strong involvement of the rich. Shillong, November 8: The JYF-EJH (JYF-EJH) Shillong, November 8: The JYF-EJH (JYF-EJH) has called for a curfew in the country. two days ILP to force the government to implement their demands by calling for a curfew on November 10 and 11 from 5 pm to 5 pm on November 11 for 36 hours.
Shillong, Lber 1: The office of the Chief Engineer PWD, Lachumiere, has installed machines similar to those at the Secretariat due to the slow arrival of workers. it will tell you how many times employees arrive at the office and how many times they leave the office.
FR Kharkongngor, Chief Chief Commissioner of MBSG, congratulated Honsen for his public service for the past many years.
In his speech, Rev SL Nongrum who was the chief guest said that sports is an interesting and necessary part of the life of everyone especially the school children while they are going to school. school to study where it can stimulate their minds not only to study, but also exercise for health and to be both stingy to fulfill their duties properly .
:The state government has requested up to T.44 crore as financial support from the central government for the strengthening of the operation of fire trucks in the state.
Two of them are from Deoband and Bengaluru.
According to police, about 20 cases of fraud and fraud occurred through social networking in 2012 alone and 34 cases in
“We as the East Jaintia National Council, have been preparing to burn the tyngshop of the Chief Minister of Assam, since yesterday, after we saw through the media that the Chief Minister has admitted that the village Mukroh is still within the border of Assam,” said Bah Sambormi.
At present, there is a plan to introduce stricter rules for the foreigners to conduct this activity,” said the government statement.
“Bah Bruton, you are a very honest man and I like you very much.
This may be because they don't get enough information or they can't implement the schemes because of lack of supporters. and support from the part of the villagers).
The ultimate goal of the New World Order is to bring about a peaceful world with only one ruler and one government and a world with few people.
He said that Lakadong shynrai from Meghalaya is a symbol of success in being praised in Davos for its market in Europe.
“I will stand firm on my principles and fulfill what I have planned,” he said.
Proposals and applications will be accepted from 27.10.2023 to
The word men die ri is a very meaningful word and its new meaning is as follows:1
The faith is that their wisdom will pave the way for us to reach our destination.
A 32-year-old woman from Ampati, South West Garo Hills, was seriously injured when she fell from a vehicle near Rari village, North Garo Hills.
The HSPDP will first announce the names of the candidates in the constituencies where there is no ticket contest like Mawkynrew, Sohra, Mawphlang, Rambrai, Mawshynrut, Umroi and Laban constituencies. Mawthadraishan, Sohiong, Mawkyrwat and Nongstoin will be announced later.
In fact, the MBOSE should not answer the question if there is a shisha mistake here or there, it should not think about helping in any way (ways and means) but it should not do, it should not just rap. It should not play with the future and life and death of its students.
The JMB said that even after three months of agreement, the task force set up by the Urban Affairs Department together with the Jowai Municipal Board has not received a garbage dump. The collection of garbage in Jowai has been stopped.
This morning, the Minister visited the Pig and Poultry Farm and the ICDP in Upper Shillong where he talked to doctors, farmers and officers.
In his speech, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude and encouragement to all the participants who have worked hard and spent their time and energy in this competition.
He said that as the party has not yet taken a decision, it is expected that the third list of candidates will be announced soon on the 1st of June.
The Minister also expressed his concern for the testing of up to 14,500 children.
Shillong, Naitung 13 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the second round of border talks between Meghalaya and Assam has been postponed due to the progress of the division of constituencies. Commission of India (ECI) in Assam.
“Even inside the House I have spoken on these issues and when there are times when I have dressed myself as the spirit of the civil society and there are times when I have spoken as the spirit of the political parties to force them. If they are still afraid to speak the truth without borders without laws of protection, it is unacceptable.
“We urge Tathagata Roy to listen and not to talk about the affairs of the Hynniewtrep people or the State because he may have forgotten that he is no longer the Governor of our State.
So she dragged Hep to her bedroom and Hep followed her there.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, today announced that Section 144 CrPC has been imposed on all trucks carrying coal or goods. They have decided not to stand at petrol pumps or to stand more than two along the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District.
The department said the MTABs were purchased through an All India Open Bid and Lava International was selected from among the nine companies that participated.
Adelbert Nongrum said that if an employee commits such acts, he is punished by temporary suspension or even dismissal. This incident on the 30th so that it will not happen again.
In the first half, Iranian Gholizadeh scored but the referee who went to check through the VAR did not count because it was offside.
In a statement sent by the Bishop of Bongaigaon, Most Rev. Thomas Pulloppillil, the deceased were identified as Fr. Mathew Das, Parish Priest of Barama Parish.
Hyderabad had scored 25/2 in the first innings before the end of the innings on Saturday, beating Meghalaya by 279 runs. The state team scored 304/10 runs in the first innings.
In West Khasi Hills, there are 62 cases, 5 cases in Mairang Cluster, 11 cases in Mawthadraishan, 5 cases in Nongstoin and 41 cases in Pyndengrei.
Also present on the occasion was the Honorary General Secretary, Bah JR Myrboh who welcomed all the Board Members. Gideon Kharkongor, Regional Secretary Shamir Thabah and all the members of the Board who were present.
The nine demands are the implementation of the ILP, the recognition of the Khasi language, the relocation of the Metor area, the revision of the Reservation Policy, the revision of the MoU-1, the CBI investigation into the to investigate the CBI into the shooting death of Bah Cherish, to immediately appoint vacancies in the state, to immediately repeal the empty law.
He said that if they receive information that someone has stolen their money, they should immediately inform the banks where they have accounts or the police.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Minister said that it is a day to remember and make history for the Garo people.
Sutnga Hima The oldest of the Khasi Himas The tradition also acknowledges that the chiefs of the Sutnga Hima were Shipara and the chiefs of the Nongkhlaw Hima were descended from Woh Ryndi and Lidohkha.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 58 new cases have been confirmed and 426 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
On the 2nd June, 2023, Rambrai-Jyrngam MLA Remington Gabil Momin visited the office of the Sirdar of Nonglang Sirdarship, West Khasi Hills to discuss the issue. The Sirdar of Nonglang Hima has also received assistance to these 25 persons who have received temporary shelter.
Didn't I tell you last year that not only AITC but other parties will happen and such things will continue to happen,” said Dr Mukul.
In East Garo Hills, there are 10 cases and in West Garo Hills, 8 cases.
He is also the former Moderator of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod and one of the senior pastors of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod in the past years.
“This government has no right to continue in power in the coming years because of its actions,” he said.
" can be compared to those ancient Khasi chiefs who wanted to glorify their own Hima Sima by fighting against the Khasi people.
The government's claim that it is doing for the development of the people is not appropriate for the Trai Ri Trai Muluk as 66% of the BPL population is in the rural areas.
Wise farmers should cooperate in the sale of soh.
Police have filed a request in the court that according to the first complaint lodged by the mother of the child, the child was abducted and raped by a group. to remove.
However, in our country, we don't understand the word "Kamai Kajih" and for this reason, our land has been taken over by others who don't understand. well those who are not our fellow citizens, and many of us, we live without jobs these days.
The inspection was conducted by Greater Noida Chief Officer Santosh Kumar and Project Engineer Chetram Singh at Tugalpur village near Pari Chowk.
The Dorbar Shnong has sent a letter to the MSPCB to cancel the Public Hearing scheduled to be held on the 15th of this month. area.
The match on this day was very friendly as both the teams played strongly from the start.
“Get up, get you out from among the people of Egypt, you and the children of Israel” (Exodus 12:30).
The party also condemns the MLAs of the area who are silent, without saying anything, to protect the people or to demand the rights of the people as they say during their election campaign, to join the the people if they are attacked against their rights.
Police have arrested Bah Banpyrkhat Lyngdoh Nonglait from Iewduh at about 12 noon and arrested Bah Banpyrkhat Lyngdoh Nonglait from Iewduh. I will not be judged by the Court.
What does this mean? This means the place where the Temple will be built on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem, near the Dome of the Rock of the Muslims, because this is the holy place of Jehovah God, even if God no longer wants them to Israel will build the Temple, but he allows the Israelites to build the Temple according to their wishes according to the customs of their ancestors.
The truck (ML 05 C 8505), driven by Sano Kurbah (39), was stopped shortly after the incident. and Nonthliew.
The price of Non NFSA Khaw at 7.215 kilo per card has been set by the Vigilance Committee which should not exceed 13-Tyngka per kilo for urban and rural areas.
This means that the ethnic minorities in the State of Meghalaya are fully self-governing.
The incident happened at 5:30 pm and according to information received, the auto with registration number ML 10 B 8434 was coming from Jowai when it went on the wrong road. (wrong side) and collided with a truck with Registration Number AS 01 MC 1767 killing two persons.
Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that there are many families who are in trouble and to protect their children from committing crimes, as parents they need to communicate with their children. their.
The jait kpa is from the seed of the rnai and it is right to take from the seed as the inheritance of the new race.
These samples have been sent to the State Public Health Laboratory for testing.
In the Khasi language, this proverb Kite Flying is called PHRIANG JARUT. When two people kiss each other, in English it is called KISS, which means IADOH. But there is another word. Khasi which is called IAMOI. Those two men are the iamoi.
At the same time, the 15th July 2013, will be remembered forever, as the day when the HNLC did not call a curfew, which is a program of the HNLC. , has been held every year on the Independence Day and Republic Day of the Government of India.
Dkhar said they will discuss the matter again tomorrow before going to the meeting tomorrow.
When you come in large numbers to talk about anything especially at night, there is no light," she said.
Shillong: The Nongkrem Constituency People's Forum (NCPF) will hold an awarding ceremony for the 29 MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday.
Police will take Signal to court tomorrow for further investigation.
SGH's Kimtera D Sangma was named Player of the Match after tied well.
The incident happened on the morning of 11th October, 2024 at Larem village, South West Khasi Hills District when a 12 wheeler truck carrying The truck (AS01 EC 8291) was passing by when it collided with the bridge.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, VPP General Secretary Dr Ricky AJ Syngkon said that Bah Ardent and the VPP have rejected the government's proposal. Please see the Reservation Policy.
KHLIEHRIAT : The KSU Khliehriat Circle has received a complaint from the residents and village headmen of Khliehriat area in the past few days regarding the deterioration of the ATM machine. The Manager of SBI Branch, Khliehriat, Khliehriat District, on Tuesday.
They had to leave the vehicle there, went to the other side of the road and took another vehicle to return to Shillong, along with the driver.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the deployment of Assam police in the area is temporary for the sake of maintaining peace and order in the area.
He said that they hope that from now on they will be able to work together to strengthen the party.
“The Committee will sit down with our experts to discuss the current NCERT books to see if there are any sections or chapters that do not suit the situation in the State.
The BJP and other groups have demanded an inquiry into the misappropriation of billions of rupees by the GHADC but the state government in Meghalaya is led by the same NPP party. ,Now.
During the visit, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, also presented gifts to the Principal of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat, the Medical Superintendent of the 100 bedded hospital ( Mawkyrwat and also to the police.
They were arrested at 5 pm by a Traveler Bus number AS 25 BC-6247, which was heading to Nongstoin. for the construction of the pandal to hold a program for the visit of the Chief Minister.
KHNAM also requests the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma to look into this matter and to change the recruitment system to Group D and C posts in the offices of the State Government. Abolish the Personal Interview so that we can eradicate corruption.
After the incident, the youth rushed to the Laitumkhrah Police Station to lodge a complaint.
There are also about 4,500 Nepalis working across Israel.
It may be recalled that in the past few days, the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, has expressed his surprise why the Hima Mylliem has not been able to clean up the market despite collecting more than T.5 lakh per month. from the market.
A syrnod and cash prizes of T.1200/-, T.800/- and T.500/- were also awarded to the farmers who brought the winners of the first and second categories. Jowai Central MDC Awhoi Andrew Shullai was the chief guest while RS Manner, Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills was the chief guest.
If the Government wants the economy of the state to grow, it must think about the growth of jobs in our state.
It is also the custom that many young people from the countryside, when they go to study or work in the city, they just arrive in the city, when they see the beauty of the city, whether it is in dress, the language, way of life, we forget ourselves as children of God.
Shillong, November 1: Meghalaya may lose the operation of the bus from Dhaka after Assam has been quick to operate the bus service. be serious.
A 67-year-old woman has died of Covid-19 this evening while undergoing treatment at NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Nongstoiñ: Nongstoiñ Police Station has received a complaint from a woman identified as Daiakmenlang Wanniang, 25 years old from Lawse village who went to lodge a complaint against an unknown person. Badondor Wahlang, 27, from Mawkawah.
A Co.777 aircraft operated by Pakistan International Airlines Corp.
Nongrum said that there was a time when the BJP members had talked to support Gavin Mylliemngap because there was no candidate but with the arrival of Dr. Khongjee they were encouraged to continue. the organization they belong to.
Speaking on the reasons why he contested the MDc election, Ma Baitlang said that his first objective is to provide a fair and transparent service to the people. from any food sap.
Except for the post of Bakhraw Batri of the Hima.
Let us pursue this goal and ask for strength from God, who has promised to give strength to those who are weak or discouraged.
Sonam and Chhetri have been married for two years, but their relationship started 13 years ago, when Chhetri was 18 years old and Sonam was 15 years old. of age.
At a meeting held at the ground in Nongkhlaw, Conrad said that in his life, the song of the school children yesterday was the most special especially those who stood to sing without the rain.
He said that the upgradation of Namdong PHC to CHC has been sanctioned for many years but due to the outbreak of Covid-19 it has been delayed.
John 14:18.
The KSU has demanded that this trade should be stopped immediately as it will cause trouble and danger to the people of War Jaintia due to the spread of COVID-19 especially in Bangladesh. .
Here the parents are responsible for the school fees.
Your brain is the center of all information in the body, says Luke Coutinho, one of the scientists.
He said that the government needs to send another two or three doctors, as the population of the area has exceeded 30,0
“..........but what happened was that the Government protected those who should have been protected, the next day (on the 5th July) the dismissal order was issued.........and the DC was dismissed. claim.
Many times it has been seen that when the District Council used to visit the land vendors, the road has been blocked but after a day it has been filled again. On this occasion, Bah James Sylliang said that the KHADC will try to visit. at least once or twice a week.
“From Motphran to Laitumkhrah, they charge T.10 per taxi.
Mawkyrwat, November 04: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today expressed its gratitude to the Joint Inspection Committee (JGP) for inspecting the road from the south side of the road. Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah and Minister in charge of Roads, Meghalaya, led the ceremony.
“They think I'm close to Conrad or close to Metbah, so I'll go, I'm not the one who can just convince.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The National People's Party (NPP) Spokesperson and Minister in the MDA government, Kong Amapreen Lyngdoh on Monday said that the UDP has won the election in Sohiong. The NPP candidate will strengthen the MDA government because the winner is from the party in the government and the lack of response in the election campaign is the way it is all and now that the election is over these things are happening. the end.
Speaking at the opening ceremony, Dr. Lapang said that the church has grown from time to time and like a small seed written in the Bible it has grown.
(Sustainable activities that are in harmony with the nature).
He sent the letter to AICC President Rahul Gandhi today.
Therefore, the Seng urges the people of War Jaintia to join hands for the sake of the life and death of the country and the nation so that they can protect themselves from the mynder every day.
“Water should flow as it did in the past according to recommendations from scientists.
The Sports Committee of the Raid Nongpoh on 24th July 2023 held a friendly match between Shillong Lajong FC and Shillong Lajong FC. The Raid Nongpoh Sport Club has raised funds to donate to the school which was established by the Raid Nongpoh with the aim of providing education to the children from poor families.
Shillong: The HANM West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday urged its members and leaders to be vigilant against the entry of Dkhars from Assam into Ri Khasi, as Assam has finally implemented the HANM. National Census (NRC) of Assam.
They say that pride goes before destruction.
General Secretary, Henry Joe Marngar, Education Secretary, Amjesstar Papang, Ferdinand Thangkhiew, Women's Organizations and others.
“Sohan has taken possession of all the money collected in the name of the GNLA and his wife has taken possession of all the money.
Has it happened that no one who speaks English can be appointed in Meghalaya? You're really stupid! It may be that the Governor was appointed to introduce Hindi in the Legislative Assembly by saying that the Governor does not even know how to read English.
This road has been well used by the people especially those from the rural areas but this time it has been found that very few people pass by except the vendors who live in these areas.
When the Khasi and Jaintia Hills were still districts in the state of Assam, the demand for Rilum was raised because the Assam government wanted to force the use of the Assamese language. in all one state.
These exploiters have become the leaders of the nation who are ready to sacrifice even the future of the nation just to get their own seat and plan.
The National Parties, therefore, should not be too critical of the ethnic groups for this reason, but should focus more on thinking about the welfare and safety of the rich and should not be afraid. also to deceive them, lest they lose their votes in other large and populous states of India.
The ceremony started on Thursday with the ceremony at Law Kyntang which was conducted by Wamon.
The traffic jam here in Shillong is very severe and not only in the area from Kachari Point to Motphran, through Khyndai Lad.
Shillong, Nailur 22: A heavy fire broke out in front of the residence of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya at Polo this morning. in this place.
Milk and honey are the fruit of justice, justice and a new way of thinking that respects all citizens and other creatures.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 24: In the past 49 years, after the loss of its own Polling Station in Langpih, the village has been relocated to Mawsikar. The polling station will be returned to Langpih, and the villages covered by the polling station include Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap, Umwali, Umwahsiang, Langpih, Nongma, Umtap, Mawlan, Nongmawlong, and other villages.
On the other hand, the Lumshnong Dorbar has banned government officials from entering the village boundary along with school children as a sign of strong opposition to this proposal. The Meghalaya Pollution Control Board and the East Jaintia Hills District authorities have decided to hold a public meeting today without the approval of the Dorbar Shnong.
MePDCL has clarified that it does not authorize anyone including firms to provide service connection without a service connection order from MePDCL. very big.
The DC praised Tei for being the first private individual in Jaintia Hills to lead others to set up such an environmentally friendly and profitable project.
On the part of Dr.D.D.Lapang, he expressed his gratitude to the CEM, for remembering to visit him on this day and also gave his blessings to the new Executive Committee. Shillong, July 29: The new Executive Members and the Legislative Committee under the leadership of the Chairman and Dy.Chairman were welcomed by Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has urged the new Executive Committee to expedite the issuance of Building Permit before any complaint from the public.
It is learned that Bah Pynshngain has received the support of the AICC leadership and it is on this basis that Mukul Sangma has not dared to issue an order to expel or punish Bah Pynshngain.
On the other hand, the NPP will contest against Martin M Danggo, who has resigned from the Congress MLA post to join the NPP after the MDA government promised to set up a Ranikor Civil Sub-district. division.
Another shopkeeper in the area asked why not only those 8 shops who have received the letter have been affected, but also those who have not received the letter.
He said that it is not appropriate to admit students immediately as done by some schools in the city.
Mulait United FC and Latyrke SC have won the first leg semifinal of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) Super Division Football Tournament.
The HYC has worked hard these days, and one day the HYC may receive information that there are 10....1000 grams of heroin in any person, house or vehicle.
This comes on the day that US Speaker Nancy Pelosi visited the country, where China claims to be a country on the border. u sam your.
The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) is ready to resume its football tournaments at various levels for the 2021 season.
This Integrated Course is for students who wish to study BEd to obtain BA & BEd, BSc & BEd or BEd BCom at the same time.
He said the district councils have failed to provide adequate services to implement the laws.
The letter was handed over to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar to forward to the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma as the Chief Minister is not in the city.
It was decided that the farmers will start their own work, but the rules and regulations laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare will have to be followed exactly by all.
There will be no match in Group-C in Mawkyrwat, while in Group-D in Tura, Warima Youth Club will play against Selsella Sports Association at 3 pm.
Referring to Bah Titoss Chyne's statement in Sohiong that if the UDP wins in Sohiong, the government will change, Bah Samlin asked, “How many people are there to change the government?” I will not change, but I will say after the elections in Sohiong, who knows,” said the NPP candidate from Sohiong.
“We will conduct a post-mortem on this after the end of the Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Dhar.
There are 3 District Councils in Mizoram, there is also an ILP. Para 19 Basam-mutOnce again, I would like to mention Bah Deng HS Shylla, when he said in his letter that the MDCs, including me, that they do not know that the secret power contained in Article 6, paragraph 19(1) (b) (3), which has introduced the ILP, Eastern Bengal Regulation 1873-(Kynjatshai dt 28.12.19 and Nongsain Hima dt.4.1.20) Since the ILP has been issued since 1873, how can paragraph 19 of Article 6, which came into force after 1952, introduce or create the ILP 1873? I don't really understand, because para 19 of Article 6 speaks of the powers of the Governor before the establishment of District Councils; They are those Transitional Provisions for the Lat, which have nothing to do with this matter.
Therefore, the UCC in relation to the marriage between Hindus, Muslims and Christians cannot make a single law. and Human Rights.
“Now four people have received permission and while we are talking, the preparation of all the requirements is ongoing and I hope that within the next few months, we will see some parks starting with mining according to the science fiction," he added.
(d) Selenium - helps for better functioning of the immune system.
Stalin said he has looked into the matter and the Tamil Nadu government will not give any permission for mining in the Cauvery areas of the state. .
But at the death of Jesus, that veil was broken in two.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 5 cases, in East Garo Hills, 2 cases including 1 high risk contact and 1 case from outside and in South West Garo Hills 2 cases including 1 case. from the Armed Forces and one from abroad.
At the same time, the union demands that the government should appoint a full time SDO and not just the in-charge, so that the work can go smoothly.
There were up to 100 participants who competed for the crown.
The BSF chief said that the troops also seized counterfeit money worth T.87,500 Indian rupees.
In this regard, the union has demanded from the Deputy Commissioner West Khasi Hills, the Hima Raid Mynsaw and the Village Langpih to investigate thoroughly into the case of the builder of the house. I hope it will happen again to this house which was sold to Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh in the past.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Ampareen said, “If your friend is fired, will you resign?
Speaking to reporters after the Minister of Revenue, James Sangma, announced that he wants the government to repeal the Act, Revd.Kharkongor, one of the leaders of the Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders Forum ( KJCLF, which is a group to hold a prayer on the 7th of this month at the English Service Church of the KJP Assembly in Khyndailad, said that the government should show any signs of but in every way, that she may not offend any man.
I want to ask Modiji to bring back another Modiji when he goes abroad,” Rahul said.
Sources said that the meeting discussed the existence of the morgue of the Civil Hospital near the Red Cross which has affected the pedestrians due to the large number of vehicles. they used to park their cars along the road for so long that it affected the passers-by especially that this smell was unbearable.
Government Minister and Government Spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the government has not viewed the HNLC as an “enemy.
When asked, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said he cannot say anything at present as what the government will do will depend on the explanation of Bah Ransom.
We must also accept that the SRP is not an assurance of Government employment.
The HPC and the government should not show unfounded criticism as it will lead to harm.
Lumparing beat Synroplang 77 6-0 while Mawlai beat Maw U Tieng 7-0
If those who want to escape from the hands of those who are above to stay in an isolated home, if something happens after those who sell the country and our nation.
The money we have and earn by selling the land is useless, now we have billions of rupees, only after 5 years or 10 years a billion rupees have passed and the value of that billion rupees is useless. We have a decline in the price of goods, such as food and drink and all kinds of goods, and even if we put them in banks, they will not be able to earn a lot of money. 20 years ago people who had 20 lakh tyngka were very rich, but in this age 20 lakh is not anything with the land that costs 20 lakh tyngka in 20 years In the past, it cost 5-10 crore tyngka, but we should not compare our land with the price of selling it to foreigners.
Even the employees of the museum have expressed their concern about the cold weather of the museum, which has already lodged a complaint with the relevant authorities but has not yet remained unchanged.
However, later, the Lamphang said that such an act should not be done and removed it from the proceedings of the House.
The woman, Mina Deb Nath, sustained serious injuries and was rushed to the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
Khliehriat, July 08 : The Khasi Kur Jaintia Hills District (KJJ) on Tuesday held its fourth General Assembly at Byndihati Village, East Jaintia Hills District. Thousands of members of the Kur from near and far in Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia as well as members of the Kur from Assam (Silchar) came.
In November last year, more than 5,000 Iranian schoolchildren became ill and suffered from fever, cough and shortness of breath. There are also many other types of illnesses that these students have suffered in
Peter said he does not know exactly in what year he wrote the stone, but he remembers that he was a child at that time and was about 10 years old.
RS Katara, Joint Director, Horticulture Department, Madhya Pradesh, said that these sohs are very tasty to eat and are also rare in India and therefore very expensive.
Speaking at the meeting, Col.
Treasurer: U Satly Ryngkhlem
After I applied to the Central Government, we received back 50% of the money given to us.
Regarding the Inner Line Permit System (ILP), we will find that it was Bah MN Majaw who first introduced the Bill to demand its implementation in our state.
The machine has been installed near the Tura Municipal Board to dispose of the garbage brought from all over the city under the supervision of the Tura Municipal Board.
He expects that one day there will be athletes from this area who will lead the district to the state and the country to bring the national title and urged the athletes to become fighters and not to lose hope.
The meeting discussed issues affecting the society and also many demands from the Government regarding the development of South West Khasi Hills District as a whole. The lack of roads, paths, health facilities in the field of health facilities where the union is committed to follow up in any way the development works in the district are slow especially in the district headquarters of Mawkyrwat.
They said, Moses commanded us not to stone such men, but to stone them. and how is Jesus? They tried to trap Jesus so that they could accuse him.
Narayaswamy's visit to Mairang was to strengthen the Congress party in the area.
He said that in the coming days, the dorbar kur will visit the four children whom the woman has left behind and their family.
According to a complaint lodged by the Secretary of Kuliang Village, Bah Perwon Nongpluh, members of the Village Defense Party of Kuliang Village together with members of the Dorbar Shnong Kuliang today at about 9 pm. At 10 pm, the VDPs of Kuliang village arrested 11 Bangladeshi Dkhars.
Shillong: U Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of HITOM, on Tuesday said that three people have been arrested in connection with the Khalai Casino. They met at the office of the party to offer the money, one of whom came to cheat with the wealth and one who came to cheat with the work of the party. “The aim of the party is to withdraw from the casinos,” said Bah Donbok, a non-Khasi who has increased the price of casinos. Speaking after the Minister of Taxation, decided to repeal the Meghalaya Gaming Act,
All Presidents/Secretaries/Heads and Leaders of Schools as well as any teachers who are facing problems on Training/Improvement and 4th Teachers are requested to take their time to attend. meeting.
If we compare the power of shun in its use in the Khasi customs and traditions, in the power of nature that it has, even according to modern science; it is the most beautiful thing.
CINANJUR: A 5.6 magnitude earthquake has killed at least 162 people and injured hundreds more in Indonesia's Java province today.
Thank you pastor. God bless you.
Then the Dorbar Sla began at the First House.
He said that there is still a need for more women drivers as the number of women registered is still too low.
As the Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, he said that we don't have time to speak against others and what they do is for the benefit of the villages and the Ri-Bhoi district. He said that the writers of Ri-Bhoi District have taken advantage of the photograph of him by taking his picture. This channel has been talking about the casino issue in Ri-Bhoi for 2 years.
In the incident, while the two boys were standing in front of their school after the examination, suddenly two boys came and threw them into the car. The robbers took the girls to the Rilbong area and promised not to kill anyone.
“The ECI has learned to give symbols as if it knows the goal of the VPP and the nature of the Khadar administration in the state which demands that corruption should be eradicated by the VPP,” said one of the officials. “Those threats every five years and every five years by the VPP will be stopped this time from Pynursla.
Many in the world have heard the name of Jesus and the Gospel of Salvation.
KJPGHSS, one of the oldest schools in the State which was established in 1892, has turned 131 years old.
It's not that I'm kidding, in some countries, they do it and from that you can count on cheaper and make more money".
Of course, there were some crazy moments.
The Minister has criticized the allegations related to the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura.
Furthermore, the RDA's agenda for the MP election includes youth empowerment, education, development of farmers and agriculture, development of indigenous peoples, development of the rise of indigenous religions, freedom fighters, civil service, clean governance, India as a welfare state, rights of the disabled, health health, land rights and natural resources and women's empowerment.
However, India soon opened the scoring through Jugraj Singh who converted from the PC in the 21st minute before Abhishek added more goals to the team.
They said that this is just an exploit by the Assam police who want to kidnap the Khasi youth in the area where many of the parents have expressed that they are afraid to take their children out of the house because of the The Assam police have blocked the movement of the people by setting up a gate at Sabuda which is the reason why the people have come out today to protest against the violence. Assam police in the area.
Shillong: The deaths from covid-19 in Shillong on Tuesday are Sordia Malngiang, 72, Pushpendra Mehra, 70, Polo Hills, East Khasi Hills. , (50) of Chotcholja, North Garo Hills, and Augustine Lamin, (45) of Pyrdiwah, East Khasi Hills, who died at home on
The KSU also urged the State Government to issue a proper order or announcement on the Aadhaar card and not to force the people to register their Aadhaar names to benefit from government schemes.
It is time for us as a nation to wake up and clear our minds to escape from this slavery among us the villagers in order to escape the invasion of foreigners.
He said that the Deputy Commissioners have been directed to open Helplines using Whatsapp and to cooperate with various groups to ensure that this hard work of the Committee will not be limited to four corners. of the meeting room.
East Jaintia Hills Samla Cherity.
“In the Municipal areas, the law does not allow the cultivation of cattle but the authorities are blind and have not taken any action on this issue.
On the other hand, Bah M.Dkhar expressed his gratitude to the MLA of Nongstoin, Bah Macmillan Byrsat, who has fought for the construction of this road from 0 kilometer to 5 kilometer. There is a need to evacuate this two lane road which passes through four villages in Nongstoiñ.
Shillong, Nailur 20: U Pradip Choudhury, resident of Rynjah, has been seriously injured after being attacked by 20 robbers.
Parents, when they elect the people who should go to the Legislative Assembly, should think carefully and judge carefully, not just do it quickly, because they remember their children because they want the future of their children. they should be enough.
“No matter which political party leads the government, everyone should know that it is the duty of the government to bring peace and stability in the state,” he said.
He urged the Meghalaya government to provide employment to the families or children of those who were shot dead.
$15,000 ITF men, Tehran, Iran: Singles (first round): Karan Singh defeated Yunes Talavar (Iri) 6-3, 6-0; Denis Klok defeated Manish Ganesh 6-2, 6-2
The work of the jam went on as usual.
Jennifer's talk show has attracted a lot of viewers since it was first broadcast and Jen after she has reduced her acting skills has decided to focus only on this talk show and to raise it up.
SURE Secretary DrHH Mohrmen said that the training will be conducted in two areas, Food Processing and Street Food.
He also urged the parents of the children to welcome their children, who have the talent to come to this Free Coaching Camp so that they can benefit greatly.
He said that most of the time the government has been slow and focused only on the search for members of the Seng Bhalang until it has forgotten its duty to protect the border until the accident happened to four of our fellow citizens. Mukroh village to lose their lives in the arms of the nation.
After the opening ceremony, plenary sessions were held to discuss and discuss the topic:
Mawkyrwat, June 18: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today visited the family of Kastina Turnia from Mawlar Village. , South West Khasi Hills District.
The number of deaths from drug abuse stood at 43 last year and 47 in 2021, officials said, adding which says that the number of deaths by the end of 2023 from drug overdoses will increase.
Tura, Naitung 23 : U Bernard N Marak has alleged that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, has insulted him by ordering the police to link yesterday's incident with a POCSO case. it happened in Rymphang.
He said that the Traffic Police will implement the new rules for a while and if there is no cooperation of all, a decision will be taken not to allow passengers to park or promote the vehicles. If you find that there is no one else in the area, the police will investigate or prosecute you according to the rules of law.
It does not burn in the fire, nor does it support the fire in burning.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said on his Facebook page that the six cases include two Air Force personnel, one BSF personnel and three civilians from the USA, Rajasthan. and Kolkata.
She said that the Indian government has called for talks with the NLFT in Tripura and now the NLFT has decided to ceasefire. why do you treat us badly? why? The HNLC has said that it has always trusted the government by closing its eyes , but it has been deceived by the government and now it says that it has opened its eyes “We have joined hands with other rebel groups in the North East, and now we don't know whether we will be invited to speak or not, because we have been deceived from time to time. “It's time for the state government,” said the statement.
In Jaintia Hills, in the border area with Bangladesh, the residents instead of growing rice, cultivate Soh, Pai, Kwai, Pathi and here and there it can be seen that they grow rice (Jhum). Cultivation) in the central and upper parts of Jaintia Hills, farmers rely on the cultivation of rice which is cultivated once a year from April to June. October-November and the soil remains dry from November to March.
The lack of responsibility for drawing or setting accurate boundaries since the day of independence, the backwardness of the villages on the border and the mismanagement of Assam since the past.
In the first leg, Pynshaimiki Sana scored the first goal for Evergreen Mukhla in the 50th minute.
India sent the aid to Palestine three days after Prime Minister Narendra Modi sent his condolences to Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas over the deaths of civilians at a hospital in Palestine. Gaza and insisted that India stands firm on the Israeli-Palestinian issue.
Jowai, Jymmang 28: The 10th 'Discover Jaintia' Tourism Promotion Festival has been held in Yangon. The meeting was held at Ialong Park on Saturday.
The PDF got four MLAs in 2018, the NPP got only one minister.
He promised all the women of the country that our Government will continue to address the challenges facing the development of our women.
On the other hand, the soh, the leaf, the flower are male, but the leaves that are harvested or that come from the jyntang are female like the tympew on the tree and the tympew leaf when harvested, the lamet, the lapalang. , the lakait and so on.
He said the South Korean military is prepared for any threat from North Korea during the cooperation between South Korea and the US. The US has strongly condemned North Korea's illegal missile launch in which it used these banned weapons.
Nongpoh, November 20: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Ri-Bhoi District today strongly condemned the demands of the Garo people especially the All Ri-Bhoi Garo Headman Association. The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District has sent a letter to the Hima Mylliem to dismiss the Rangbah Shnongs of Garo Villages in Ri-Bhoi District. to the DC of Ri-Bhoi District to oppose the demand of the Garo people.
And why don't you take into account the night of Mawblei Laitkor, Puriang when climbing, Sonapur Ratacherra engine failure, gearbox failure and following a small vehicle like in Ukraine against Russian tanks.
He said that the KSU is still standing firm to demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state. The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 has been demanding the implementation of the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners. the government has not been able to implement this law.
"Yes," said Niakha Rida. Turning back to Rida and her mother, after receiving the news that she had to leave for Thanat, she was filled with sorrow. intense.
“If the farmers have problems with the price of their produce, the government cannot interfere,” said Bah Hynniewta. to intervene only if the farmers are cheated in terms of weight or value or if the buyers delay in paying the money.
In an interview with this reporter, the Khasi speech of Bah Kharsyntiew was very fluent and it was understood that it is the Khasi language spoken by foreigners who are better at speaking Khasi.
A non-tribal who does not own land in Meghalaya except for a few who are allowed to own land under Section 7 of the Land Transfer Act.
The party appeals to all the people including various civil society organizations to come out in order on this day.
These children, who fall under the jurisdiction of 33,115 Anganwadis, are about 4 lakh and are aged 3 to 6 years and this will amount to a cost of T.61.5 crore per annum. The name of the Poshaka Balyam scheme, which was implemented by Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan.
These too are because of love that they have not established their love from the beginning.
Earlier, two letters on the same issue were received from the MHA Government of India.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma while inaugurating a pig breeding farm at Rikwareng village, Samanda, East Garo Hills under the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme.
In fact, the polling in Mizoram was scheduled to be held today, but due to the opposition of many on Sunday, the ECI has postponed it to Tuesday. God.
The BJP candidate from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai, on Tuesday said that the BJP is a national party. Myntri Rangbah, if you come to power, you will not be able to do so.
We need to make strong laws to protect our rights in our own country.
“I demand that the government should take immediate action to implement the new plan, the employees have worked for 8 months without salary just to implement the new plan,” he said. The government has not even believed in the time set by the people to implement the new factory according to the decision taken at the public meeting.
“We have conducted an investigation into the incident and several persons have been arrested and one person accused of beating up bus collectors has been arrested today,” said the SP. “We appeal to the people to refrain from doing anything that causes chaos and disruption of law and order,” said the SP. that he had not received details of how many had been taken.
“T.1.69 lakh had to be paid for the land fee to the Cantonment Board and now we have received the NOC to start the construction of the road from Umshyrpi for the benefit of the residents from Lawsohtun to Upper Shillong and Guwahati.
These rules include those who are 65 years of age; children under 10 years of age and those with various comorbidities should stay at home.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnong of Bakur, Dawki, including the Rangbah Shnong Daniel Khongsit, the Secretary Shnong Donstan Khonglah and members of the Village Council on Tuesday visited the Khasi Pnar Secondary School in Bakur. .
Regarding the covid-19 vaccination, I would like to say that the government or any group or individual has no right to force anyone to vaccinate, but we will leave it to the individual decision. of anyone or anyone to take a tika.
The President of the HNYF Western Zone, Bah KS Rani, said that the MLAs have expressed their concern over the ILP protest. They don't care if they really care about the nation.
There will be seven matches scheduled starting at 10 pm for the 40 teams that have qualified for the final in their respective men's and women's categories.
When asked whether these petrol bomb blasts have anything to do with the arrest of KSU members on the killing of contractors in Ichamati and Mawlai Mawroh area, the CM said, “Who happened later, but as I said to conclude and blame these people without proof is wrong, but the government has taken punitive measures in the past and will continue continue to do this in the future.
This is an India that thinks innovatively in a different way, an India that goes to the dark place and brings light to the world.
“The members of the church should not be afraid of the coronavirus because we have an almighty God who is full of love and grace.
Shillong, November 13: While on the way from Mawmaram to Umsaw-Sohiong via the By Pass, journalists found that in the middle of the road there was a wooden blockage in the middle of the road and vehicles were stopped in the middle of the road. .
“There is a misinterpretation of the rules relating to the height of the building, the parking lots, the height of the buildings,” she said.
There are also ministers and officers who send their children to school abroad – to universities that cost tens of lakhs of rupees a year.
The training was conducted by Salva Buhroy, Horticulture Development Officer, Mawphlang Block and Nisha V. Kharjana, Assistant Technology Manager (ATMA), Sohiong. Block.
“Oh yes.
The General Secretary of the Joint Action Committee of the Saw Dorbar Shnongs of the Border Area, Bah Raja Suchen, said that the residents of the Border Area have faced many difficulties in coming and going. The bridge has been damaged by the floods which have carried away the entire bridge. Raja has called the employees of the Public Works Department in the village. He urged the district authorities and the relevant authorities to take action to address their problems. residents in the border areas who face difficulties especially in traveling due to the collapse of bridges.
Shillong, June 13: The construction of poor houses in Nongmensong has resumed after being suspended due to the delay in the contract.
If you take the egg alone, the nitrogen content is as follows.
The house was inaugurated by the Coordinator of JHDS, Ma Denis Kurkalang and blessed by Fr Manbha Pakem, Director of JHDS in the presence of the President of KHUBLEI Germany, staff of JHDS and leaders of the Catholic Church Namdong Parish.
Mahua Mitra said that as the citizens, they can change the rule of the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP and other political parties only by the power of their mother. They will cast their votes at the polling stations on the 27th June, 2023 by voting for the TMC party in two ballot boxes.
Rural areas also have many opportunities for community development.
Weddings are closed until further notice.
They also help to remove bad cholesterol which can affect the whole body.
Besides, the Seng said that drugs are a beverage that destroys not only the health of the user but also affects the homes, society and peace.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 2 cases including one high risk and one ILI case.
Two electricity posts allegedly distributing high tension electricity have collapsed in Saphai village on Monday.
On the other hand, the owners of the mines said that they have already submitted this figure since July this year to the office of the DFO of East Khasi Hills District that there is still a lot of coal in the mines. of them, because at the time of measurement they were previously estimated.
In his opening remarks, the chief guest spoke about the importance of the light of the world.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister said that there are some issues that need to be addressed for the new district which the government intends to do.
Speaking to media, Conrad said Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills is in Meghalaya, even the map they have provided shows that Mukroh is in Meghalaya.
They urged the DC to appoint an inquiry and submit a report to the Minister in charge of Electricity and also to cancel the MoU signed between MeSEB and FEEDCO. , as well as to punish the SDM according to the rules of law.
"The second phase of the nomination will take place at the end of November or early July, depending on the year," Thomas said.
He said that at the time of catching the fish there was no manor in the river so he had to catch the fish alone from the boat and gradually he was able to catch the fish to the shore.
The strike by AIFUCTO was supported by the Federation of Central University Teachers Association (FCUTA).
The boundaries of the village are: Mawryngkang and Umsehklein to the east, Nongtyrlaw and Pahambir to the west, Umwang to the north, Sohkpu, Mawiong and Paham Skhen to the west.
The elections in the MLA elections, 2023, show that the people want change and in many constituencies, the people have elected new people.
Dr. Yogendra said that the North Eastern Region of India has good governance systems that empower the people.
Five minutes before the end of the first half, Stewart passed to Diaz inside the box and the player caught the ball.
His main goal for the constituency is to upgrade Laskeiñ C&RD Block to a Civil Sub Division.
Donbok said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised to inform the Chief Minister.
Meanwhile, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma, in reply to a supplementary question, said that in 2018-19, the government has allocated T.201 crore for the sports department.
However, the families of these people who have died of Covid-19 will have to follow the protocols laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. The hospital will have to wrap them well and put them in boxes before handing them over to the family members.
However, to ensure more, political parties can count the votes of their candidates once again.
“While the state is waiting for the answer yes or no, the union will continue to monitor this demand. “It's not like we're going to be able to do anything about the demand for ILP in Meghalaya,” he said.
They will also visit food outlets, warehouses, retail shops, related to food items including meat.
Shillong: There have been 168 new cases of coronavirus in the state, said the Director of Health Services, Dr Aman War. The state has 1,570 cases.
He said that if the government takes action, it should ask for assistance from the central government to build a road from Kyrshai to Langpih, so that the people can escape from the problems they have faced over the years.
Petrol Pumps, Movement of fodder and.
Speaking to the two CEMs of Khasi Jaintia Hills, Bah HS Shylla said that his visit to the CEM of JHADC was to urge the EC of JHADC as a whole. There should be no such law as the Lineage Bill.
In the women's U-17 final, Manipur beat Arunachal Pradesh 4-0
The leaders of the party said that the meeting should discuss the activities of the party; However, sources said that the meeting was convened to discuss the support of the two MDCs to the PDF in the past few days.
This is part of the announcement by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, through a video speech on the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022, that Meghalaya will accept to host the Games in November.
If Bah Shangpliang and other candidates from the rural areas win this election from the BJP, it means that the people have accepted the BJP. Angela Rngad today said that the state has been suffering from the shooting death of five villagers in Meghalaya by the Assam police. peace and security will soon be achieved.
There are some of my neighbors who have family members abroad and when they come sometimes they tell their family members to drive farther away because they say that the road to Shillong is too nice again. I asked them why they didn't come to drive. They answer that the houses are clean and the roads are clean. They don't feel like driving because the road is too good but here they don't like to drive. The cars are pawing here and there because I don't know how to drive.
Shillong, Nailar 3: A truck heading to Shillong, this morning, collided with a well at Sunny Side, 4mer, Upper Shillong, at 5.40 pm.
On the other hand, those who oppose the Bill, have met the Governor to submit to him the signatures of 35 women who have expressed their opposition to the Bill.
In fact, schools, colleges or universities can affiliate according to their wishes or preferences, whether they want to join NEHU or Williamson Sangma University.
This is the beginning.
On the other hand, the family members of the youth are still waiting for him to return home wherever he is and have informed the police but nothing has happened. you don't have to know where you are.
Is there such ethnic discrimination in our country? I appeal to the leaders not to forget our own state – we are the smallest in the world of India – we are only one step ahead of the great and distant country.
MPCC President Dr DD Lapang has re-appointed Boldness L Nongum, former MLA, from the 8th of this month to take over the post.
There will also be cash prizes and consolation prizes for the top 7 and medal distribution to all the participants and T-shirts will be distributed to the participants as soon as possible.
For the earth shall be full of the knowledge of the LORD, as the waters cover the sea" Isaiah 11:6-1
After an injury, he left Caen and retired in 1992, although he was offered a return abroad to play for Blackburn Rovers and Nottingham Forest.
When they understand and know that it is the public money that they are using, they don't have the right to give the worst to the people.
Shillong, Nailar : The All Meghalaya Primary Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) will take part in the 'Bharath Yashtra' procession organized by the All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) on Tuesday. on November 4, 2023 on most of the claims issues.
The Bill is the first to be passed by the Lok Sabha in this Special Session of Parliament, and is also the first to be passed in the new Lok Sabha.
However, the English word Shoot is read and pronounced the same way (shut) which means to shoot the ball.
Dr. Kampher Pala said that poverty in money cannot stop a person, but what stops a person is poverty in mind.
However, this department has not yet been able to spread this.
The Live N Concert was also performed by Bah P.Syiemlieh, Drummer B.Syiemlieh, Drummer B.Syiemlieh. P.Syiemlieh, guitar K. Wahlang, base guitar Mickey A Wahlang and sung by Bah TL Nonglait.
A fast and healthy metabolism will help you to digest food easily and get all the nutrients from the food.
“There is a big difference between the opposition and the ruling party. If we as the government do our best, it is the duty of the opposition to criticize in 40 ways,” he said.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 35 new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in the state.
Anwar Ali was arrested by the Dawki PS and is still in police custody and the investigation is ongoing.
She said that after the relocation of the PWD office, Jowai North Division to Shangpung, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma laid the foundation stone on 3rd November 2022 for the construction of the Mini Secretariat in Jowai.
“The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya during the tenure of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma has passed a resolution to request the Government of India to exempt the MMDR Act from the implementation of the MMDR Act in the State by invoking Paragraph 12A(b) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India. Once again under the tenure of Prime Minister Conrad Sangma, the NDA government led by the BJP has passed a resolution to request the Government of India to release the MMDR Act. The Supreme Court of India has issued a judgment that the MMDR Act has come into force in Meghalaya. Politicians led by Ministers and MLAs of the NPP government have held celebrations in many places to take part in the implementation of the MMDR Act in Meghalaya. The Supreme Court's decision to implement the MMDR Act in Meghalaya has been successful and they have raised the voice that the NPP government has been able to allow people to mine coal again. They were happy because they thought they were allowed to mine coal again as in the past, but they didn't understand that the strict and complex mining laws like the MMDR Act and its rules have been allowed. “The MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP, has decided to implement the MMDR Act in the mining of coal and through an office memorandum issued on introduced a rule on the requirements for obtaining coal mining licences in the State of Meghalaya. or companies with less than 100 hectares of land to obtain a mining license.
On the other hand, the author of the book, Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej, said that he has worked for newspapers since 1994 from Mawphor, Rupang, Nongsain, Peitngor and started his own SP News Agency.
Six villages have decided to oppose the dumping of garbage in Mynkjai at a meeting held on the 6th of July.
Shillong, Naitung 13: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Friday awarded prizes to the students who passed the examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE). 'Meghalaya Education Symposium' with the testimony of Minister of Education Rakkam A. Sangma at the meeting held at Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SICPAC).
Babu Jiten said that the reason for collecting these stories was after he was old enough to send his mother to tell him these stories. I don't remember any of those stories.
The destruction and intimidation of church schools and the persecution of church missionaries is like a persecution of Christians.
It is understood that the wife of the MLA was supposed to withdraw T.45,000 from the account, but she was told that the money was not in the account. France have won 2-1 in the final in Russia.
“How can we justify that we want to fix it when we say we haven't done it yet?
Thus came the word BUAID NIAM, which means that there is no respect for the religious beliefs of others.
The program was inaugurated by Bah BJ Kharshandi ADC cum CEO DDMA, Ri-Bhoi District in the presence of K Wanniang DDMO, Dr M Kharkongor Consultant DDMA. About 33 youths from different villages came to take part in the programme.
The Meghalaya and Assam governments have sent police to patrol the area.
After the match on Sunday, pictures of Ronaldo covering his ear and then waving his hand in front of the fans of Al Reason.
The journey took 1 hour 10 minutes from the time the 108 marsien was sent to the phone, said the EMRI. 108 from Tura and Garobadha were admitted to the Civil Hospital.
The Lukha River has been famous across the North East since 2007 after it suddenly turned blue.
“West Khasi Hills has a literacy rate of 78.83 per cent according to the 2011 census.
The meeting was conducted by Founder Syngkon and was attended by the Principal of the school H Kamar and Waheh Shnong D Ymbon in the presence of the villagers including parents, teachers and students.
He said to Kyrmen Shylla.
“West Ri Bhoi wants to get such officers, especially the Officer In-charge of Patharkhmah Outpost and also the BDO of Jirang C&RD Block,” said Bah Doloi.
He said that as an MLA, he has sent a request to the political parties not to call curfews on the days of Puja so that those who celebrate Puja can celebrate with joy.
Two police officers in charge of the prison where the two prisoners were held lost their lives in the attack.
The FKJGP leaders said that one of the issues they have discussed with the Minister of Power is on the contractual officers, where the government should include these officers in the reservation policy. He promised that an order will be issued to include these officers in the reservation policy.
This action of Mizoram has shocked the Meitei in Assam, so for their safety the people of Mizoram in the Barak Valley have been requested to flee. from there as soon as possible.
He added that the Government has also taken steps to ensure that all children between the ages of 15-18 years will be vaccinated especially as the State has started to open schools.
“For the 100 years we have worked for the youth and in the next 100 years we will continue to improve the service of God to the youth and we will also strive to develop the youth. in our Province we will continue to serve better the youth,” he said.
On the fourth day of the Budget Session, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, counted out the starred questions of former Prime Minister and Songsak MLA Dr Mukul Sangma. Sangma for his absence from the Dorbar.
She said that there are times when she has seen that the Seng Samla holds festivals or various programs before the elections but she urged the Seng Samla to hold programs from time to time.
The Ri Jaintia Youth Federation (RJYF) after receiving a complaint from the parents of the children, has visited the hostel and found that the building of the hostel has collapsed. and is in the midst of danger.
However, a reservation is still required.
“It was a meeting of the party office bearers in which supporters of Ajmer Saras Dairy Chairman Amchandra Chaudhary and RTDC Chairman Dharmendra Rathore attended.
Thus, this method divides the nation, even if there are some rapjot.
Aamir, who has been dubbed the 'Perfect Ionist', is hopeful that in the coming years Bollywood will be able to make films like Hollywood. filmmakers and directors are taking more notice of this.
The Gujarat government said about 1 lakh people have been evacuated from the affected areas.
Through this victory, Sacred Heart has scored three points in the tournament.
According to our understanding, we want to do it without consulting with the various groups of the GHADC, that is why they don't allow us to speak even in the Dorbar,” he said.
Mr. Anthony is a newcomer.
Dohkrut said the Director declined to comment on the matter but said he had directed the Public Relation Officer (PRO) to explain to the public on the allegation.
Dr. Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait is the Gold Medalist in Law.
Ïaipyrshang SC beat Pabababiet SC 4-3 to reach the final.
As the party and the people we cannot accept such attempts to violate our rights, horkit-hordang we will not allow such secret attempts at all we will stand united against The public hearings will be held in West Khasi Hills District on 22nd July 2019 and in South Khasi Hills District on 29th July
The Minister expressed the hope that the Wine Incubation Center will be a platform for those who wish to use the latest equipment and skills and innovation and increase income through manufacturing. wine.
The helicopter took off at 4 pm.
In order to find out what benefits will be received if the Khasi language is included in the Eighth Schedule, let us explain briefly so that the people can understand what they support.
The reason was that he was accused of stealing timber from Karbi Forest, Assam and of burning down the beat Forest Office.
Portugal beat Switzerland 6-1 in the round of 16 on Saturday.
He said that the book, which includes a part translated into English by Rev GC Lyndem, will also be sent to Wales at the request of the General Secretary of the Presbyterian Church of Wales. They should know about the great work and service of the Presbyterian Church of Wales in these Khasi Hills, which many pastors today do not know anymore about the great work and relationship of the Presbyterian Church of Wales with the Khasi Hills. Presbyterian Church in Khasi Hills and in the North East as a whole.
Vehicles passing through the road from IGP to Barik and from Dhanketi to Civil Hospital were stopped.
Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai in MC [WP(C) case No.258 of 2019) has requested the court to suspend the notice of convening of the dorbar tlang while the case against the Chairman of the council is pending.
The JSU has urged the people who are against the border trade to understand that the danger will be great if the government is in financial difficulty especially at this time when the government needs to It will be difficult if the lockdown continues without the means to raise funds to pay the salaries of the frontliners, doctors, Nurses, Police, Government employees responsible for monitoring the movement of foreigners and others and providing medical facilities such as Ambulances, Hospitals, Medical Equipment and others .
In the case of the JHADC, the election of MDCs is the same, one member for prominent women and others for the list of MDCs. still valid.
Bah Jyndiang, who is contesting from the HSPDP, has won the election.
At the same time, the union said that Bah HM Shangpliang who is a member of the committee said that the Reservation Policy should be reviewed and amended.
Tomorrow, the AMSPTA will lead these foreign teachers to Sohra and on the 6th they will leave for their respective states.
Soon, the NEC together with the ministries of DoNER and AMTRON will take up the 3D Printing project in eight states of the North East, which will be a major step forward and bring about change.
Because in fact the Word of God says – “Ye are bought with a price: be not ye therefore servants of men” (1 Corinthians 7:23).
The Supreme Court in November lifted the ban on menstruating women from visiting an 800-year-old temple in Kerala. to worship a god, it must not treat sexuality separately.
Sanjay Yadav scored 19 runs for three wickets.
Is there anything behind the COVID 19 check point, or has it become a tax collection gate?
Sonowal praised the Prime Minister Narendra Modi for launching many development projects in the North East and said that the differences of opinion on the border, but the There should be a dialogue and understanding between the two sides.
KSU leaders in the presence of President Kitboklang Lamare, Rimiki War and others visited CHC Namdong this evening during the power outage in the area. The President of the Unit Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare said that the CHC has become like a house for animals. .
“The market has 26 entry points and how many Magistrates does the Meghalaya government have to ensure the entry and exit of the people into the market?” said Paul Sawian. The President of the Lympung of Hynniew Shnongs, said that after their meeting with the DC of East Khasi Hills, the DC of East Khasi Hills has agreed not to open the Iewduh and Khyndai Lad. .
The production of fish in the State in 2022-23 is 19,373.925 metric tonnes while the import of fish from abroad in the same year is 15,067.80 metric tonnes.
The meeting was conducted by Dr I Nongbri in the presence of Bah W Anthony and others.
Apart from cricket, other sports have been left behind in India and now football has begun to grow through the emergence of companies and individuals to make it a source of income while other sports they only come out during the Olympic Games and that too only in certain places.
The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Shillong has listed the following shops which should be closed from the above date: Furniture shops, clothing shops, textiles shops, sewing shops, juti shops, household goods shops, bedding and mattress shops, lighting shops, bathroom shops, clothing shops, dance studios , jewelry shop, book and stationery shop, gift shop, photo studio, music shop, sports equipment shop, dry cleaner, sewing shop, children's toy shop, sewing craft shop and Novelty shops, emporiums, salons, tattoo studios, body shops, car shops.
It’s a damn known fact that we must get out of this herd cattle class mentality.
Shillong, Naitung 10 : The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday promised to inform the Chief Minister of the State on the shortage of salaries. ASHAs in the state receive all the money.
This surprise visit of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has pleased the producers of Johkhe.com and has also encouraged them to continue producing more. Pnar Films in these days.
He said that the worship of the Holy Eucharist is a sign of consecration to God and the teaching of the Church says, “The worship of Jesus Christ in the Holy Eucharist is the recognition of whom long God is our Lord.
In a statement sent today, the President of the Seng, Bah Donbok Dkhar, has lodged a complaint with the DC East Khasi Hills District, Kong Isawanda Laloo regarding the publication of this statement.
The first semifinal will be played on the 13th between Lumpariat and Luti Tuber Ïalong and the second will be between Mookyrdup and Sailung Ïalong at 1:30 and 3:30 pm at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
“They came as if he were a criminal and sent him to come with them.
U Bah Donbor together with Bah David after the sacrifice, a sign showed them that they needed to take Bah Mit to his mother's house, but they found it difficult because he didn't know anyone to tell the name. It was after a few days that he was able to tell that he was from Tangmang and the name of his mother, Kong Phrin, was taken to Tangmang.
It is something for us to think about and begin to react to in advance of times like this coming to pass.
We should not be deceived by half-hearted promises and gifts.
Protein is also essential for the health of fish.
When asked whether it is just a political gain over the government's work from time to time, Gurjit Singh said that the relocation will be completed on time. from what is now it is certainly the case that the government is trying to exploit this issue for its political gain.
Shillong, June 12: The Electoral Roll of 8-Nongkrem, 15-Laban and 22-Nong Spung-Sohiong District has been released. Council Constituencies have been prepared in accordance with Rule 129 (3) of the Constitution of Assam.
Members of the HNYF led by Bah Donroy Kshiar, Asst General Secretary, HNYF, NR, said that the reason for their opposition is the After receiving many complaints from the residents and those who have expressed their dissatisfaction with these Prepaid Meters, because they have not received the proper explanation from MeECL. If you want to implement these prepaid meters, you should explain to the people first, because many of the people have not yet received information about them, therefore as it is now, the union will have to oppose, but only afterwards. MeECL will explain to the people and get the approval of the people in different villages.
“This is because there are non-indigenous people who don't want to implement the ILP and they are criticizing the central government and there are selfish people who don't want to have the ILP. protector of our three small paid indigenous peoples in India"
Other issues raised by the union include the full implementation of existing departments such as PHE, Water Resources, Sub Treasury and Agriculture.
The Seng Kur Dkhar, Jaintia Hills Central Body has taken this opportunity to clarify to the public regarding the news that appeared on the 1st and 2nd of March, that Ratan Dkhar, resident of Ummulong West Jaintia Hills, has been arrested. Hills has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police for smuggling phensedyl. He has admitted that he belongs to the Dkhar clan as reported in the news and social media.
The husband and children left the house around 9 pm, but at about 2 pm, they found the body lying in the middle of the blood.
The closing date for admission to the tournament will be on 28/01/2019 and the screening for the U-16 will be on 29/01/2019 at BSA Stadium. Shillong Lajong player Phrangki Buam has scored 2 goals in the 18th round of the tournament. 19.
Himalaya Baby Massage Oil – Mustard is available in 100 ml and 200 ml bottles at the price of 125 tyngka and 230 tyngka respectively.
The councils have been directed to issue a notice and that the search of documents of foreigners should be done by the employees of the councils or the enforcement wing.
Regarding the failure of the UDP candidates in the last two elections, Ma Kyrmen Shylla said he would like to ask those candidates who have stood from the party, why they have not won the elections. He said that perhaps everyone has understood and especially in these 7 or 5 days before the people go to vote and the party candidates have lost in the last two elections. The reason why the party candidates do not reach the goal is because in the end they cannot do the finishing and that causes the party candidates to lose.
Among the many bills pending approval by both the Houses of Parliament, the bill on the amendment of the Sixth Schedule is still pending.
Shillong, Jymmang 14 : The High Court of Meghalaya has asked the state government how much security force is needed to curb the illegal mining and trade of coal in the state. the government to create other sources of income for the residents.
Shillong, July 10: The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) has accepted Mawlai MDC Process T Sawkmie as a full member of the party.
The first time the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division, then again when the Prime Minister inaugurated the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division. Shillong: Meghalaya Police have announced the results of the written test of Marmain PHC in Pahamsyiem. examination (i) UBSI (ii) UBC (iii) ABC/BNC (iv) MPRO (v) Firemen (vi) Driver Firemen bad (vii) Driver Constables.
Voluntary Code of Ethics on October 20, 2019:i.
This raid shows the hard work and determination of the Border Security Force and Meghalaya Police, in the ability to arrest people who try to smuggle food items and other items to the border.
“There is no point in speaking many languages ​​because in a democratic country anyone can speak forty languages ​​at will.
Bah Philip Marwein, Founder Member of Ai-jingim Foundation said that blood is a special gift of God so we too need to give to others in need.
Besides, Kong Nongrang also assured to take action against the creation of trouble around Shillong.
Israel announced today that it has taken full control of parts of Gaza.
He said that the government has not paid for more than 2 years and also from various schemes the people especially the contractors have complained that many works have been completed but the government has not been able to release the bill. March, such as JJM (PHE), PWD and other government departments.
There are many poems written by the author in this collection of poems including about Covid-19, Lock down, places of worship according to their stories and so on.
When asked when she will show her son, Nusrat replied, “You have to ask her father and he didn't allow anyone. no one has ever seen him until now".
This seed is suitable for this area and last season there were hundreds of farmers who cultivated this plant.
When asked whether the government will honor the medal winners, the Minister said, “That is the part that we have to do. to do this because this is one of the things we have already achieved through the introduction of the sports policy.
The smuggling of vehicles has been banned but only a few vehicles have been allowed to smuggle vehicles recognized by the government authorities. I'll tip you.
Some of the prices reported in the media showed that the price of kajor in Shillong is between 80 to 100 rupees in Ïewduh.
Nongstoiñ: The National People's Party (NPP) Nongstoiñ Block (NPP) Nongstoiñ Block has launched a campaign to campaign and explain the issues of the election campaign. first.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (NPP) has expressed its gratitude to the State President of the National People's Party (NPP) for accepting the party's proposal to verify the demand of the VPP to change the reservation policy according to the number of residents. long without foundation and wrong.
The source said that the Government will start with a presentation on the Roster System which may not be a briefing to the Cabinet.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, DIG Eastern Range, Bah AR Mawthoh, who visited the scene, said it is not true that there were 13 people inside the crematorium.
Shillong, November 6: Two low-power bombs have exploded in Fancy Bazar in Guwahati on Saturday, injuring three people including two children. Guwahati police have not yet confirmed whether the bomb was a real bomb or a pataka.
This allocation of women will expire 15 years after the implementation of this Amendment Act.
There was also an allegation that on this day, the Ministers who visited these law kyntangs did not meet with the people for any reason.
Written by: Solangki D Laloo.
“Has this government misused this money, where have they put it, why have they delayed giving it to them,” he said.
He explained that the fish farming in Nongwar has become their culture as almost every household has fish farmers and they understand this business according to the knowledge inherited from the ancients.
He also urged the farmers to be understanding, orderly and appealed to the children of the farmers and the farmers who have learned to read and write to come forward to take the Agriculture as an occupation so that the agriculture schemes from the agriculture departments of the Government of Meghalaya and the departments of the Government of India can reach the farms and the livelihoods of the farmers can be improved. The residents of the country should be able to get enough food from their own state.
BJP LEADERS and supporters should be sent to guard the border (FOR SECURITY) of PAKISTAN, BANGLADESH, China, Myanmar etc. What can I say when even eating is difficult?
Condolence speeches were also delivered by the leaders of various political parties in which they promised that they will not remain silent until the truth comes out on the shooting death of Bah Roning. .
NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma, youngest son of PA Sangma, and Congress candidate Dikkanchi D Shira, wife of the Chief Minister, will face each other in the mid-term elections. Mukul Sangma.
On the same day, the Chairman and members also visited the office of the Expert Committee at the office of the Assistant Commissioner of Food Safety, Lachumiere, Shillong.
Before the start of the cycle march, the NIPUN Bharat Pledge was read.
"We make these wines the way it has been taught since time immemorial".
In the first match, Diengshynrum SC beat Iongkaluh SC 8-0. Felicia Sympli scored a hat-trick by scoring four goals in the 2nd minute. , 53 , and 55 .
Police have arrested a man for destroying a church at Raidongoni village in Jengraimukh, eastern Assam, Majuli district.
They are located in West Garo Hills.
Shillong Traffic Police said on Facebook that a truck overturned at 4th 1/2 mile, Upper Shillong at 10:15 pm.
The special program was held at the ground floor of the house of Bah Spingshon Marshara, former Sordar of Mawduh, who is also the first strawberry farmer in West Khasi Hills and in the state as a whole. He also acknowledged the special recognition by the Central Government for his agriculture and his hard work in many areas for the development of farmers in the District.
It is necessary to reveal all the facts so that those who deserve them can get their rights, without any concealment.
HS Shylla, former MLA of Nongkrem and CEM of KHADC, has decided to retire from politics. He said that many of the people who came to urge him to contest the elections were also those who used to oppose him in the elections. past.
It is to be recalled that Assam recently came to build a police station at Umru and has already erected the paia, but due to the opposition from the people and Sengbhalang, the construction of the police station has been suspended. The Police Station, but now Assam has come to build it completely between Umru village near Wah Umlet.
Continuation – Rida has been depressed since Panah came.
By supporting Lajong in the I-League 2023 24 season, Lajong will be able to showcase the beauty of the state and its talent in the field of sports by focusing on the development of the state. tourism industry in the state.
“We as the Nongot doh masi union from time to time have expressed our grievances to the government through its departments, but we express our regret and disappointment that the government has not taken action on the issue. It may be recalled that the FKJGP Central Body had inspected the cow market in Khanapara on Tuesday and at the cow market in Khanapara. inspection revealed that there were thousands of cattle in the huge market.
While Abraham was preparing all these things, God was watching over him.
Election time is a time of bright faces and enthusiasm because many receive money/assistance from candidates and political parties.
However, MUDA officials have promised to the PAC that they will take new measures in the contract to operate these new buses and will inform the PAC on this.
Shillong, June 23: The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) on Tuesday after receiving permission from the district administration to hold a procession from Hindi Balika School, Keating Road with the accompaniment of police When they reached the Garikhana area to enter the Maprem village, they were blocked by some youths who had already stood waiting at this place.
The Pastor said that on the 11th of November, a public meeting was held in Shilong, where it was decided to repeal the Act, as it should have been extended on the 30th. Beyond 2014.
The temple was open for only three hours for the people to pray, as it was the Durga Puja and many people wanted to enter the temple. Temple and those who wanted to get the BJP President. It was because of this crowd that the police sent for Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi.
Nongpoh, March 09 : The Ri Bhoi Students Union (RISU) has issued a statement saying that the road from Bhoirymbong to Khyndewso and Nongthymmai to Mawbsein has been deteriorating. RBSU) has requested the state government through the PWD department to immediately improve the roads but not to repair this road as the deterioration of the road has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers. you snow road.
“As the Dorbar Shnong, if there is any incident, especially the fire, we have not hesitated but we have fought within our means to provide assistance with the necessary equipment or even to build the house. “They can stay safe from the rain and wind,” said the Rangbah Shnong.
They are Chhagan Bhujbal, Dilip Valse-Patil, Hasan Mushrif, Dhananjay Munde, Dharmaraobaba Bhagwantrao Atram, Aditi Tatkare, Sanjay Bansode and Anil Patil.
According to him, the residents have alleged that Dr Balajied wanted his relative, Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem to continue as Sordar even though many of the residents do not want him anymore.
According to the RBSK, NHM, Meghalaya, there were 1916 newborns with disabilities from 2014 to June 2024, 1916 males and 2191 females.
Police are investigating to identify those involved in the theft.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, has directed all managers and owners of hotels, guest houses and others in the district who have not yet registered their user IDs for hotels. Guest Houses/Lodges/Rent Houses/Inns and others for the online C-FRO, should confirm to register with the Superintendent of Police, EKHD Shillong.
Shillong, November 29: The State Government will hold a midnight dance festival on the 31st night at Polo Parking Lot as a sign of welcoming the New Year.
The main purpose of the meeting between the Police Chiefs of Ri Bhoi and West Karbi Anglong, was to maintain peace and order in these border villages and also to bring about cooperation between the Police. Meghalaya and Assam, in order to maintain peace and order and also to curb crime in these border villages.
Shillong, June 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District on Thursday vowed that if the MDA government does not allocate land to the people living in Mawlong Iew Iew, the HNYF on Tuesday vowed that can tur beit with the bor to this bag.
The meeting also elected its Leaders to meet with the Chairman of the Regional District Boundary Committee and the Chief Minister of the Government of Meghalaya after 9th APRIL
The total number of cases in the state has now reached
“Listening to the residents in these areas is necessary, when we take any issue there should be a thorough consultation; “We cannot take a decision without listening to the residents of the border areas,” said Hek.
The INC is better in many constituencies but it will be difficult to win in all 29 seats.
Pyrkhat is a resident of Nongbah village.
• Risk reduction for farmers, income security and quality will be an important part of the plan.
The biggest challenge facing mankind today is how to preserve and maintain forests.
Kong Lumspah asked him what he was doing.
Not only the people, but dozens of vehicles, which were parked in the yard, were seen falling and being covered with earth.
The man is from Mankachar, South Salmara, Assam.
Later in the evening, the police called these Khasi children to come to the police station, and after they came they were arrested.
Last month, the MSPCB Engineer from Shillong together with the Magistrate from Khliehriat visited the Lukha River to inspect and investigate the discoloration of the Lukha River which started in
The following are listed as attempts to develop in what should be the full authority of the language: External Affairs: External Affairs: The words korbar and barpud, korbar means to manage and barpud means something outside the boundary.
According to information, a nurse from Dakopgre Sub Center has arrived this evening to check the health of Balkarin Ch.
“There is no doubt that some residents who have political connections are running these activities and the state government is not doing anything,” the High Court said.
Shillong, Nailar 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has urged the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) to do its homework on the issue of handing over the ground floor of the Meghalaya House. Russell Street, Kolkata to a private company known as MS/ Rocky Dhar, Umkdait Nongmensong, Shillong to operate from the ground floor.
The ambulance, which was destroyed by the robbers in the ground floor of the house of Bah Michael Warjri.
The matches will be resumed on the 22nd.
This house is located in Dulong, Jowai.
In this regard, Bah Tynsong said that the allegation to postpone the Councils is without proper grounds.
On the other hand, Charles Pyngrope of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) Meghalaya urged the Speaker to ensure that the House runs smoothly without prejudice.
He said that important issues like GST, Land Compensation Act and other laws which Parliament needs to pass have been stalled due to the disruption in the House.
“We demand that the government and the Council should stop issuing NOC and trading license to foreigners,” said Bah Jyrwa. a nation that has completed its studies.
Fellow journalists and media outlets in the state have lost one of their brothers who served the public through the media in an unexpected incident.
He said that the people should not be surprised by the road maintenance of him thinking that he is just rigging the elections or something, but they should remember and examine the good deeds that he has tried to do according to his power. 7 Years ago and even today I continue to do good works.
Two candidates have filed their nomination papers from Mowkaiaw Constituency 4. These candidates include MDC Saphai, Habahun Dkhar from the National People's Party (NPP) and Nehemayah Tyngkan from the Congress.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, Bah KP Pangniang said that Bah Renikton will join the UDP while Bah Samlin will join the NPP. “As a party we are no longer surprised by these incidents and as a party we leave it to their discretion.
On this occasion, we see that the chief leader of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (I) will lodge a complaint against the prime minister to the chief leader of the party. Sonia Gandhi and this is the test for Sonia Gandhi, whether she will be better than the prime minister or the leader of her party? Bah DD Lapang, has worked hard for Ma Vincent Pala and although there are many MLAs and party workers, who have supported and supported the candidate of the party, but Bah DD Lapang, should get the The praise to the AICC for standing to the end to win the election will be the result of his party's victory, even though the victory was by a very low vote, only 40,000 votes.
While taking part in the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the Iewduh used to be a holy market but now it has turned into a septic tank. Septic Tank" he said.
Shillong: Police have arrested two persons in connection with the bomb blast at Syndicate Bus Stand, Punjabi Lane, Mawlonghat on the night of 9th October
Bah Syiem alleged that the government under Dr Mukul Sangma has become like a hima where he has ruled by force alone and has not listened to anyone. The SLPGC has submitted a report on the deterioration of roads in the state. When they submitted their reports, the government has not done anything to improve them.
The coal mines across the country especially in Laitryngew are the main sources of coal for the MCCL. The MCCL produces not less than 200 metric tonnes of coal per day.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 01: Police of Jorabat Police Outpost today 01 Naiwieng at noon seized about 2 lakh tyngka counterfeit money along with a counterfeit money making machine from 9 Mer Baridua.
“I telephoned the SP to inform him about this and the SP said he would send food for the drivers,” said Bah Pyniaid. who have to carry policemen on patrol during curfew hours.
He said that due to the large number of owners of garments made and produced by weavers from the district, the government through the Textile Department has now fought hard to get GI Tags to recognize them especially to get the ownership of ryndia garments. He added that as an MLA, he will talk to the government to set up a Weavers Service. Center in the state for the benefit of garment manufacturers.
He said that the MUA-II government has fulfilled its promises to the people and this has been witnessed in just 5 years the government has been able to open up to 18 schools. Police Stations, 4 Districts and 7 Administrative Units across the state.
If they come, to leave...it is difficult for them,” said the Assistant Secretary.
Shillong, Nailur 25 : Umkseh SC has won the title of the 1st Division of the TASA after beating Mawponghong SC by a tie-breaker in the final of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. on Saturday last month at the football ground of Tyrsad.
Modi gains people lost.
On this occasion, the Project Manager, Bah M.Jyrwa, urged the students who have reached the age of 18 years and above who have completed Matric or higher education, Especially those who do not have the opportunity to continue their education should turn to this training, which is supported by the Government of India which will be one of the ways to guide the youth to stand on their own feet. that of kjat.
Nongpoh, Naitung 8: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today rushed to Khana to demolish two sign boards illegally erected by the Assam government. one at Jorobat and the other at Mawsmai, which are located along the main road.
They also announced that besides the curfew and night curfew, they will continue their protest calling for an office blockade on the 13th of this month.
The Thma U Rangli (TUR) led by Angela Rangad and CSWO Agnes Kharshiing today decided that the Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh should resign. Nathaniel O Rymmbai, Nathaniel O Rymmbai, has been arrested on charges of robbery at the Marvelene Inn Hotel.
They did not have the opportunity to meet with these Election Officers and sent their letters to their Personal Secretaries to send back to them, as well as to the Returning Officers of 1- Nartiang Constituency, 2- Jowai, 3- Raliang and 4- Mowkaiaw Constituencies to complain against the corruption and discrimination of the Waheh Chnongs against various parties and candidates in these constituencies.
Strong Lyngdoh was among the PSOs who came to accompany the HNLC leaders during the peace talks with the government last year.
What does the Government of Meghalaya think? Is the Government ready to pay the shop fees for these three months which we have had to close down,” said the statement.
the RI and the nation will not be destroyed.
The party invites the members of the party and the public to witness the unveiling of the statue of this great man.
Even the students of NEHU support the decision of the JAC to strike indefinitely.
In South Garo Hills, there are 6 cases, all of them from Baghmara Bazaar cluster.
Bah Jyrwa said that in the reply, the reasons why the taxi drivers did not leave were explained.
Metbah said that according to the number inside the house was 59 and those who attended the meeting were
Earlier, DP Wahlang, Commissioner, SEMAM (SSA), said that the state has 5,000 schools and 1,000 SSA teachers but according to the 2011 Census, Jaintia Hills has 1,000 SSA teachers. Only 61.64 percent of the respondents were able to complete their studies.
In the 1st Division, Nongkrem SC beat Sawmer 2-9
After Indian troops attacked and killed hundreds of North Eastern militants in an attack on the Myanmar border and after Indian Prime Minister Rajyavardhan Rathore criticized the attack India's fight against terrorism on the border with Myanmar will be an example for other neighboring countries, the Pakistani Prime Minister said. “Pakistan is not Myanmar,” said Chaudhry Nisar Ali Khan, one of the Pakistani ministers.
After this, a public hearing was held at the Mowkyndeng Village Council, in the presence of Kong J Synnah, DSWO, who explained the government's commitment to eradicate drug abuse.
He said that the debt in the state is 21/22 thousand crore, to pay the debt is not difficult, but to pay the debt you have to borrow again, he asked.
He said the government will also pass a law on two wheelers who want to earn money and after passing the law, they will know where to go, and the price of mur as well.
The meeting was held to submit a written complaint against the Harijan Panchayat Committee, Harijan Colony Shillong, one of the NGOs registered under the Society Act at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills. Hills, but the HYC has found that the HYC has been used as the village authority which can issue full residence certificates to foreigners and does the work that should be done by the village authority. .
The pioneers of the Constitution of the country took the wishes of Mahatma Gandhi, Father of the Nation, which he expressed in 1931 in his magazine, Young India, to to make a country where the poor will feel that this is their country, to live in peace, to eliminate discrimination in society and women will have the same rights as men in all side, to include in the Constitution of the country, that the government shall work to achieve them.
So I have to come and wait here every day".
Thus, there were quickly civil wars and civil strife.
When asked about the issuance of NOCs by the Dorbar Shnongs to these Coke factories, Bah Malang admitted that the Rangbah Shnongs have taken the wrong decision to issue NOCs to these factories.
The CA also announced a salary increase for all contracted players along with the players who are currently the big winners whose salaries will be increased at least until 66%.
D schedule.
In the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy, Manipur have put a lot of pressure on Meghalaya.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: After the party's failure to perform as expected in the last elections, the TMC on Tuesday convened a meeting of its office bearers to discuss the failure of the party to perform as expected. to think of steps to strengthen the party before going to the elections.
The KSU has condemned the DC, WJH Police and IGP Bah H.Nongpluh for the incident which happened in these days to the students of Kiang Nangbah.
He said that the surprising thing is that when they carry wood to cut down for the construction of houses, they also throw thong.
He said that since 2001 when he came to Shillong on vacation, he used to associate with people who have become addicted to alcohol. alcohol and many are converted.
So his son came and led him from where he lived until he reached the place where Bah Ardent was staying.
Jowai, March 20: U MLA of Jowai Constituency Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday inaugurated the Iawmusiang Urban Health and Wellness Center opposite the Jowai Police Station.
Dozens of political parties from Garo Hills including the Federation of Khasi Jaintia Hills (FKJGP), Garo Students Union (GSU), NGEA, AYWO, FAF, NAS and others were present. The motorcycle rally started in East Garo Hills to Rongjeng and Williamnagar and ended at a meeting attended by employees of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), NGEA and residents. .
“The Minister has announced another step by the MeitY to open a state-of-the-art facility at the National Institute of Electronics and IT (NIELIT) to provide training in digital skills in Shillong.
The total number of cases has risen to 9,811 and the death toll has risen to 98 with four deaths today.
Meanwhile, Shillong received 30.8mm of rainfall while Umiam received 5.8mm.
The physical training program in preparation for the tournament will be held on 24th November at Jagiroad, Assam.
New Delhi: The number of members of the Indian opposition in the Lok Sabha has dropped significantly after 49 more members were expelled today for failing to comply with the order of the Indian opposition. council lamp.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall in Killing Baridua area of ​​Ribhoi District on Tuesday 23rd November 2019 has exposed the negligence of the Public Work Department (PWD) in these areas. A 6 feet high landslide has occurred between the road leading to the USTM and the Delhi Public School (DPS).
All schools and colleges in the state were closed yesterday due to the weather, according to an order sent by the education department.
Maijingsuk Basawiamoit (17) and Makrisha Songthiang (50) scored the second goal for Iewrynghep SS while Kynrohbaskhem Shylla (13) scored the second goal for Sati Raja. .
Rudy Shangpliang top scored with 52 runs while Md Siraj Ali of Nongpoh Town Club took three wickets in four overs.
Shillong, Nailar 18: The Umja Bridge has been in existence for hundreds of years since the time before the road, and in the past it was used as a public road from Padu to Dawki. from Padu, Mawngap, Khonglah, Nongba Reh, Umkoi, Pdengrim, Central Village via Kongwang and Darang to Dawki.
The third quarter final will be between Mukhla FC and Ialong FC on the 22nd. The fourth match on the 23rd will be between Mynsngat FC and Salaroh FC. 10 o'clock in the afternoon.
“We as an NGO which looks after the lives and deaths of our people, we urge the MDA government to provide admission to all the children within 8/10/2021 and if the government “We have not hesitated to take other measures to provide education to all the children,” said the statement.
The question is whether the campaign to improve the safety of people and vehicles or the Road Safety is a failure? When asked about the deterioration of the NH 6 and Shillong-Jowai road, Prestone said that the maintenance of the road, including the filling of potholes, has been going on and the state government has paid more than Rs 5 crore, but A DPR of Rs 100 crore has been prepared and sent to the Ministry of Roads and Transport and Highways.
Leave what is necessary and I will do it myself,” he concluded and stood up to see the preparations for planting in the big garden.
At the same time, the HYC also welcomed eight members who joined the HYC Narpuh Circle and confirmed them by their Organizing Secretary Rockestar Warjri.
beautiful.
“This road has been painted within 1 year, but due to the excessive paint, stones have appeared again and many parts of this road have been destroyed,” said the HYC leaders. including President Pynroi Shylla and Publicity Secretary Kularskhem Sariang.
In the SAFF Championship 2021, India beat Nepal 3-0
About 20 teams including Police, NCC of JNV Mukhla School, Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai and 15 schools participated in the parade.
The Bio Diversity Management Committee, Kynton Massar has set a goal to restore the appearance of the Umsohlang River which has been destroyed and filled with garbage dumped by the people from the streams flowing from the village. Mawkynroh, Umshing and from Mawroh village.
One person has died after a shop caught fire in Amlarem village, West Jaintia Hills district.
As citizens, we love, respect and trust the soldiers.
Including a variety of protein foods is the right way to meet the protein requirements in your diet.
Meghalaya's batsmen tied less well today compared to the previous day, when Kriswal S Marak tied the most by only 40 runs.
The welcome ceremony was also attended by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, National Vice President of the party and Secretary to the Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong, Working President of the NPP and Minister of State for Home Affairs. Urban Department, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar and many MLAs and MDCs of the party.
Jowai: The Publicity Secretary of the Union of Catholic Elders of Jowai Diocese, Dominic Sumar in a statement today (26/8/2019) in Jowai, said that as usual once a year the preaching service of the Union of Jowai Diocese, This time it will be held on the 7th and 8th September 2019, at Good Shepherd Parish, Ladrymbai.
That is the answer we want to give to the KHADC and the EM i/c Building.
The spread of literature these days has gone beyond social media and this has spread to the way of writing, when publishing newspapers and once it has entered the newspapers, it has entered or will This is the cause of the urgency and this becomes the habit of writing completely and it will habituate the brain to live in this form.
“I am proud that a student from Meghalaya has been able to submit her question to the Prime Minister.
Shillong: The construction of the road from Shillong to Dawki, has started in the past few months and without fail, this has brought more comfort to the passengers, as it has also been constructed in parts of Lyntad Square, which It is the part where the pump is very strong in these times of drought.
Furthermore, the Seng has warned the road construction companies not to bring in foreign workers without providing the necessary documents. , the Seng will continue to intensify the search for documents and will take stronger measures.
Regarding the richness of culture, culture and beauty of nature, Thombor said that the Executive Committee will consider the development of tourism in the district to improve the income of the people.
On the other hand, the union has also condemned the police raid on KSU members in Ri Bhoi, as this raid by the police has also caused fear among the children and the union. In this regard, the DRSRBD leaders will meet with the DC of Ri Bhoi District tomorrow and at the same time. They also announced that on the 26th of this month, they will hold a public meeting of Rangbah Shnongs in the district, to discuss many issues which the synjuk has already prepared.
The report said that the raid was well prepared but the implementation was not adequate as the team had to arrest Cherishterfield alive.
In November, Chopra also made history by becoming the country's first Diamond League medalist in a distance of 88.44m to win the title. the greatest achievement in his sporting career.
However, we on the NPP side will not shake hands with anyone, we will show the people our position on what we mean, what we are working on and what we will continue to work on and we will not have time to say that the party is like that,” he added again.
However, the State Government has requested for more time on the grounds that the coal will have to be transported from many places to the Central Coal Depot and this will be more expensive.
The incident occurred after the vendors protested against a man who spoke against India and praised Pakistan.
The Dorbar Shnong Lapangap on Tuesday met with the Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar who is also the MLA of the area. I was arrested by the Assam Police and paid Karbi.
The seminar was also enriched with the participation of pastors, pro-pastors, religious leaders and students of Umta Secondary School.
“This award is truly an award for hard work to provide for all.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Latiplang said the Executive Committee will meet next month to discuss the issues related to the development of the department. to appoint more members to the Executive Committee and to transfer the remaining departments of the council to new Executive Members.
Just as the insect climbs a tree to produce water in order to kill its children and die for itself, so Jesus Christ willingly climbed the cross (John 10:18) to produce His precious blood for us sinners who died in transgression to save us, not the prisoners who held Him on the cross but His great love for us.
Sohiong Lyngdohship, who gave speeches on the occasion, said that the Hima Nongwah Mawtamur has been lost in the past decades. There is also a question mark, why they have come to this day, after they have left behind for hundreds of years the children of thousands in this Raid.
In recognition of outstanding writers and journalists, the Mumbai Press Club also awarded the Redink Award, and the short film won in the Environment Category (TV).
The Open Badminton Tournament and District Open Badminton Championship organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) came to an end on Saturday night at the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium, Jowai.
Why do we still need to have a negative opinion or misunderstanding of this officer's order? Keep up the good work Isawanda.
Mizoram's tourism industry has spread across the country and abroad and has placed Mizoram among the tourist destinations of the world.
He added that on the increase in security forces for the Ministers, he said that this will depend on the government's consideration.
The Seng said that according to the EIA 2006, the Coke factory should have produced only 25,000 thousand metric tonnes of coke per annum but it has produced not less than 36,000 metric tonnes per annum.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met the SDO of MEPDCL at his office at IGP Shillong to seek clarification on the increase in electricity bill. throughout Shillong and also in the rural areas.
I would like to appeal to the people not to worry.
Other members of the bench include Justice Sanjay Kishan Kaul, Justice Sanjiv Khanna, Justice BR Gavai and Justice Surya Kant.
Fishing has been banned in the Syntu Ksiar Fish Sanctuary, which the JFEPA together with the Department of Fisheries have provided protection for the fish.
This fear of the youth has increased because the Roster System helps one group of ethnic groups and deprives another group of ethnic groups.
At present, the personal laws of the various nations are governed by the Religious Code.
He said that this is the reason why he came forward to take the initiative to contest the election to become a people's leader with the aim of bringing about change in this constituency.
At 5:30 pm, the Youth Wing KHNAM will also hold a mombati lighting ceremony at Khyndai Lad as part of the commemoration of the Khla Ka. wait the nation.
“I am now in Delhi to attend the Parliament session from 13th October 2023 which has resumed and after the session I will come to hold a meeting to strengthen the Congress to prepare for the MDC and MP elections next year. come" he said.
The District Sessions Court has rejected the complaint of Kong Agnes to punish the people involved in this case by ruling that only those people who have participated or do not have cards should lodge complaints. The High Court has violated the order of the District Session Court in a recent hearing and has ruled that no one can appeal for assistance to people in need.
As usual, the youths who have been selected to study medicine on behalf of the state government must complete an agreement with the government to return to serve in the state after graduation or according to the needs of the government. .
On the other hand, Bah Kenndy expressed his satisfaction with the decision of these UDP leaders to join the NPP. does not develop.
The implementation of the CMSP has played a major role in ensuring the supply of coal to industries engaged in metals, dewbilat, electricity, which are essential for the country's economic development. , and boost coal production through the transparent allocation of coal mines after the auction.
PEAK HOUR is an English word that means the time when traffic is still hot and busy.
The blueprint is based on four principles on how to reduce the number of public transport in the city and how to reduce the number of vehicles on the road.
We no longer understand the language of morality and soft words and as the scholars say the language is pure and new, it is the truth.
Therefore, we understand that if we suffer from this kind of disease, life is very dangerous and painful.
Now, because of the wars in Iraq, Syria and other Arab countries, we see and read about the Arab countries and region.
Regarding this issue, the leaders of FKJGP Rambrai circle have approached the Executive Engineer of PWD Nongstoiñ, to request him to take action and talk to the Engineers of the Company. also in the laying of stones in places that are too bad because the vehicles cannot pass.
The entry and excavation of the Umsngad ETB and Rynjang Krems is ongoing and it is believed that these will be joined.
To learn more about KAM or to join it, please visit this room on the kammeghalaya website.
This has been achieved thanks to the hard work and dedication of the government and government departments to work towards the goal of becoming one of the 40 states on this list,” he said.
“In 2019, it was through the pressure of the political parties that the government and the MLAs were forced to convene the dorbar but now it is time for us to invite the MLAs to take them by train. to Delhi to hold a protest and to persuade the MDA government to grant the ILP in the State.
Deibor Tongper scored the second goal in the 46th minute.
There were 56 participants including lecturers of the college.
Bangladesh cannot survive without India and let us first look at the assistance which includes the sale of stone, the sale of coal which flows directly from Ri Khasi to Bangladesh and many others. , which there is no place to list and not only that, we see that India's investment in Bangladesh is very high, in 2017, India has invested up to 4.5 billion dollars. Bangladesh is the youngest child of India and the truth is that even the Khadar rule or the political system is India. Sheikh Hasina's strength is due to her collaboration with Indian leaders.
Jowai, Jymmang 23: The State Government today in collaboration with the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency (MBMA), Chan Kylliang Development Society and Enterprise launched the FOCUS scheme. The Facilitation Center held a consultation program with the farmer groups of Laskeiñ C&RD Block at Pamsna Square.
JSU War Jaintia Circle led by President Eddy Kery Pohtam and Organizing Secretary Aibor Nonglamin have visited the area and found that the stones have fallen into the rivers. In the morning, they came to Bangladesh.
The UDP has 12 MLAs while the HSPDP has two MLAs in the Legislative Assembly.
Shillong, November 06: A group of 15 to 20 wild elephants has attacked crops and fields in Nongrim Jirang area, Ri-Bhoi district.
The ACTS Groups of Institutions supports the WCU. The university to be located in Umsning is adjacent to Grace City, which covers an area of ​​500 acres.
The victim fell from a truck (ML05 C 3959) which was heading towards the Polo church.
Shnongpdeng is one of the places that attracts tourists not only from Ri Khasi Jaintia, but from all over the state and abroad as it is located near the clean Umngot River.
He said that various political parties have already submitted many petitions to the MR of the state, but he has not listened or read the petitions and this shows that the leader of Meghalaya has a lack of eyesight. and he that opened his mouth, he said.
Katy was invited to perform on Charles' birthday and she didn't want to refuse because it was the first time she had witnessed with her own eyes. this thing.
Akira Miyawaki is a tree planting method first discovered by Professor Akira Miyawaki and Professor Emeritus at Yokohama National University, Japan.
Shillong: AICC President Rahul Gandhi today launched a march from Upper Shillong to Khyndai Lad to rally voters in the state.
Because LA is the election, Don is no longer a pt.
Shillong: The Pynursla Block U-12 CMYDS Youth Tournament ended today at Urksew Wahpathaw Stadium, Pynursla.
In another incident, this evening, the residents of Chokpot have thrown stones at the Apex Bank, Chokpot against the bank's inability to provide services to the residents.
“In the entire Garo Hills which has more than 1000 villages, the scheme is progressing well even though it is scheduled to be completed by 31st November
“We are not only talking about quarrying, we are also talking about shyiap mining since ancient times and we need to preserve it,” he said. to take decisions to address the problems of the people, who earn their living from these types of activities.
On 29th October, Meghalaya and Assam signed a social Memorandum of Understanding to resolve six out of 12 disputed areas.
He said that the election is over, there are those who support and there are those who do not support him, but those who do not support will not be considered enemies but should walk in the path of light to fight against the work. especially drugs in the community by working together.
“The greatest trust is in God and it is only in His power that we can empower and encourage this group that is still alive to survive any difficulties, dangers in such a situation. “It's a time in their lives and I request the people who read this newspaper to help and pray for this group,” said Bah Wallambok.
The JAC Jaintia Hills District which includes the AJCVA, MPUF, JYF, HNPF, HWW&DO, RJTA, HANM, NHP, MPUF Women Wing and HBDRF started from Lad Nartiang to Iawmusiang.
The Notification 1951 has been replaced by the Notification 1957-5
“If the VPP really takes this step, it will be a strong witness that the VPP is not a party that has a spirit of ethnic discrimination, but that wants peace and the welfare of all ethnic groups. in the State,” said Greneth M Sangma.
This was the reason why the examination was delayed.
One of them, whom we should have remembered, but we have forgotten, is Annada Gohain, who was the pioneer in setting up the Fruit Processing Factory of the Ministry of Agriculture of the Government. Fruit Garden, Shillong.
The Seng through the Education Cell led by Samla San Tomba Bamon Asst Education Secretary, has suggested to the Director that Rymbai GSS should be upgraded to Higher Secondary School. It is the secondary school of the Government in East Jaintia Hills.
which if not for the courage and manly spirit of this boy, would have resulted in injuries and tragedy to 2 other fellow boys younger than him.
“Tip seh,” said the lawyer, “because it's still early, I'll wait until you open the office.
Shillong, July 20: For the first time in Garo Hills, the Indian Air Force will drop food items to the flood and landslide villages in Garo Hills. in South West Garo Hills District.
Therefore, the union has met with the doctors of the Ministry of Agriculture to discuss this issue.
The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association has concluded the 2nd Meghalaya Open Speed ​​Skating Championship on November 16, 2023 in collaboration with St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School and the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association. St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School grounds.
Khliehshnong Ïalong and Chyrmang Wah won, while Myrjai and Newhill shared 10 points each in the 3rd Adelbert Loloo Memorial Trophy.
The BJP won 2 seats and the Congress won 1 seat.
“If the Dorbar Shnong is strong, the nation is strong,” said Bah Syngkon, who is also the Rangbah Shnong of Mawkhar.
There is no new Act in this Act, as it is the Governor's selection of 225 Acts from among the largest number of Acts in India (225). ) shall be laws which shall be applicable in all parts of the United Khasi Hills District.
If he alleges that he has been tempted, coerced or deceived by others or by ideology, he must ultimately choose that action by surrendering himself to that free will. he shall do it, whether it be evil or good.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Mawthungkper, Jaidoh, Mynni Mawbri and other neighboring villages have complained about the deterioration of the road from Kynroh to Mawkaton. especially when you are sick.
The rest are still in the hands of Hamas because of Israel's termination of the ceasefire agreement.
The inspection will start from tomorrow 8th November for Bakur and Dawki villages under the supervision of Zaryne Kharkongor Sub Inspector Supply Amlarem and Supervisor GL Chyne MCS EAC. Rudolf E. Laloo, Sub-Inspector of Supply Amlarem, will be appointed on the 11th of November.
In the fourth match of the Under-14 Boys, Saint Zachariah D Shira scored the first goal of the tournament. and Bernard Mebank.
Shillong: The State Legislative Assembly will start from 10th November
The issue came after the teachers of private schools staged an indefinite strike by sleeping on the streets to demand the government to increase their salaries by 18,0 the yearly increment is 5%.
Shillong, June 29: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a protest in front of the Additional Secretariat to protest against the excessive power outages in the state.
He said the government is working hard and with a spirit of confidence it will bring about a great change in the state.
Participants in the meeting included representatives from different states including writers and poets, intellectuals, journalists, the retired Vice Chancellor and current leaders on the related to Bengali literature in this area.
He said the meeting discussed the selection of Mukjai by the JHADC as a garbage dump and both of them were built on the top of the hill and the old one is now standing near the Mukjai River. .
In the past few days, it has been reported that Salman has been threatened again by the group of Lawrence Bishnoi and the group has demanded that he should apologize for what he has done in the past years. if he cannot do this he will be punished like Sidhu Moosewala.
"The Chairperson and the members of the Committee shall include experts in the fields of Constitutional Law, Economics, Sociology, Demographic Studies, and other related fields which shall be notified by the State Government. says the announcement.
They can vote for the UDP or NPP if they want, but they have voted for different parties.
They are students of Iawpyngkat LP School, Khliehriat.
In order to get this compensation for the lost crops, the government helps to pay the premium to the insurance company.
After the arrest of these Khar Muslims, the union asked for documents to prove that they are Indian citizens, but the surprising thing was that these three persons had shown the Shnong Certificate of Mawthaw by writing “Mawthaw Village Rambrai Syiemship” and these certificates were not signed by the Sordar or the Secretary of the Village.
The purpose of celebrating World AIDS Day is to fight against the disease which spreads even to remote areas through drug abuse and illegal activities.
They are the ones who destroy the plants.
Not only that, tourism has also shaped the way of thinking of the people of our state especially those living in the rural areas as it helps to rapidly spread knowledge and understanding to many. from language, lifestyle, to changes in human behavior.
The PHE department has already launched the Combined Water Supply Scheme for the villages of Darang, Dawki Bakur, Dawki and Tamabil in March-April. May- The water coming out of the PHE pipes is clean, mixed with Shyiap and contains diesel.
He said that the party will not stand idly by, but will continue to seek information and work hard for the rights of the Khasi youth who are unemployed, as at present there are many unemployed. Khasi youths, who cannot work in the factories in Umiam, have been employed by foreigners.
Satellite: means the body is the most important part of the structure of any creature; suiñ is the space between the sky and the earth.
For Classes VIII to IX, it will be 4 kilos and a half.
The NPP has contested against Bah Samlin Malngiang who won from the HSPDP in 2018 but left to join the NPP. The election in Sohiong will be held on 10th June 2023 and the counting of votes will be held on date.
Students of St. Anthony's College and St. Edmund's College, SDRF volunteers of Jiva Resort and Mawiong Dorbar Shnong joined hands to clean up from Viewpoint Mawiong to Jingkieng Damsite.
He also gave an example by recalling the years when the party was responsible for supporting the education of 40 paradoh parasnam to Hyderabad in various educational institutions where many of them have neglected this. a golden opportunity because of the lack of a spirit of struggle and a spirit of perseverance.
In the first half, the team of officers scored the first goal through a free kick from 40 yards away from the goal through Dr.CL Nongbri. Shanlang Marngar of the Mairang Presbytery.
“This goal can only be achieved if all the residents join hands with the government to eradicate poverty,” he said.
On this occasion, the Taxi Drivers Union of Ural and Khapsor, after holding a meeting at Malki Square, walked to meet with the office bearers of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association. DC. At the same time, he said that the party will also appeal to the court against this order.
This is that KJCLF is concerned for the country and all its citizens, and calls on various Church leaders to work together for the bringing of good governance, clean politics, and to get the leaders of the country free from corruption.
They proposed to increase to T.1000 from T.500 and T.2500 from T.
Lantern SharakFootball meaning Football gameDost (dos) – which means Friend in HindiBottle (bitor) – which means U like, klong.
However, the reason for Canada's anger, even if India is really involved in the incident, is because the terrorist was killed within the borders of Canada and therefore Canada does not like and foreign powers shall exercise authority or take decisions into their own hands while it is within the borders of Canada and under the jurisdiction of the Government of Canada.
Many times we say – We ask in prayer but we don't get an answer, we don't get anything, so the person turns away from asking and doesn't keep on asking.
This plant can be grown from seed or by offspring that can be separated from the mother.
Bah Sumar Lyngdoh, President of HANM, said that these villages in the border area and which fall under the Hima Nongspung, the entry and exit of foreigners is very easy, where they People from Assam used to use forest roads to enter Khasi villages and the same is true for Khasi to enter Assam.
Bhalang asked in his heart how the beauty of this place could be given to the soldier.
Annexure:Thank you very much for your story, we Malngiang don't accept at all that we come from pigs.
Shillong, July 12: Several residents led by Karak R Sangma have lodged a MC (PIL) before the High Court (HC) of Meghalaya against the state government for the lack of jobs. Illegal mining and transportation of coal in South Garo Hills and East Garo Hills.
He said that in the past years he has found that there are ksing that the fish die, because they catch each other fish from the same ksing and when he looks closely where they catch each other fish, they The surprising thing is that when a fish comes to carry food, some of them have already waited and as soon as they reach the part to enter the ksing, they cover themselves and once they start to bite one of them comes out. from the ksing and the sop to beat him until he died.
Shillong, Nailur, 02: A day after the Government decided to relocate 342 households from the Sweepers' Colony from Mawlong Market to the quarters of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), Congress Leader Bah Vincent H Pala on Friday alleged that there is a corruption in the Government's acquisition of land in Them Iew Mawlong without following the rules related to the acquisition of land.
“In fact, I was disappointed when I played in this tournament.
I have not seen the Bible in 1906 and 1956 because I was not born; but the Bible in 2006 I saw with my own eyes – the Bible how they received it.
About 800 of these teachers have been dismissed after failing to pass the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET).
“I understand that since the scheme was no longer implemented, many poor and needy people have faced many problems,” the letter said.
The IRCS will continue to visit other villages to explain the precautionary measures on the COVID-19 pandemic.
After that, recently there was another deposit in the account number 008700970925 and T.35 lakh tyngka was deposited on October 31, 2016 and until now this reporter is still looking for information who owns this account.
“On the incident at Jatalong, Sangma said the complaint was lodged by the Ranger of KAAC but not by the Assam Government.
The seven persons arrested by the Police include three men and three women.
Our Ministers should no longer go abroad like to Delhi and elsewhere.
KYRMEN BA PHIN JOP BEITMay God be with youall the best sir.
Dr. Jitendra Singh urged the states to expedite the implementation of these requirements so that the central government can release funds as soon as possible.
According to sources, UDP leaders who did not want to be named, said that they have received confirmed information that Anthony N.Nongbri, Joint Secretary of the UDP Shillong City, has been arrested. to contest the MLA election 2018 from 16 East Shillong Constituency.
According to the source, his body was first found by cowboys in a rice field at Disong on the border of Mawlangwir, Mawmerang and Photjaud Rangthong villages.
Defense Minister Yoav Gallant said Sinwar had fled to a hiding place where he could no longer meet his followers and Israeli government spokesman Jonathan Conricus. He said that it is only one day that the leaders of the militant group and their troops will be shot dead or arrested alive, in which it is estimated that there will be about 20 to 30 thousand duh.
It was after the tie breaker that the winner was decided and Elang Ki Oo FC won.
“The government has not taken action, the check gates in Byrnihat and Umkiang have not worked yet,” he said.
It is due to the lack of knowledge or understanding that farmers have used expensive and harmful chemicals to protect their crops.
They do this according to the wisdom and understanding of the elected representatives with their vision.
If you want to do that, why don't they contact the relevant authorities,” said Warjri.
There are reports that even the Maharani or Syiem of Gwalior Hima came for treatment at this hospital.
Besides these issues, the Union also expressed the need to have a government treatment and training center for those youths who have become addicted to alcohol. Therefore, the government should take action to set up a Government Rehabilitation Center in Ri-Bhoi. He added that the Union will soon meet with the Minister of Social Welfare to discuss the issue.
Regarding this, Bah Badapjied Kurkalang, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang and Bah Jokin Kurkalang who is also the Rangbah Kur said that the reason is that the government of our country at the time In the past, the DC office has been trying to arrange and pay the fees but until now it has not reached anywhere and the last payment that the Government has paid through the DC office is in the DC office. In 1977, he became the head of the Kur.
According to David Smith, the writings of King Sargon II (722-705 BC) have been found which tell of kingdoms and people who spoke foreign languages ​​and did not understand them.
“Because the polling station on July 4 will be a working day and the polling station is in the middle of the city, the procession may cause disruption to law and order and traffic jam. Therefore, on these grounds we have issued this order to ban rallies or processions,” he added.
You should also know that drinks high in sugar are not included in this healthy drink as these can increase the risk of stomach problems.
Therefore, there are few colors and festivals, especially in Shillong, because on Sundays the village is quiet and many restaurants are closed, there are few vehicles and motorcycles on the roads. Private vehicles and entertainment venues such as pubs or clubs and others are closed on Sundays.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Federation of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has demanded that the state government should immediately appoint and confirm Bah Kardius Syiem Lieh, a young man who worked as a peon in the DC. office in Nongstoin but who has been dismissed in the past few months.
James said there are 1.78 lakh vehicles on the road every day. “More than 1.78 lakh vehicles on the road every day, it is very difficult to deal with this problem,” he said. James.
Khliehriat Lber 16: Another small vehicle has been damaged after top mobiles weighing about 150 kilos each fell from a truck carrying them on the NH. -6 in Kuliang, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the attack on these three persons shows that it is a violation of human rights and could lead to the loss of lives if these refugees do not flee immediately from the place. was attacked.
On the other hand, Wanpher played well by tied 54 runs from 56 balls but it was not enough for the team to reach the victory.
All schools, offices and courts will be closed on this day, said the Deputy Commissioner, Mairang.
The names of the players include Phrangsngi Rynjah, Atiar Bakynsai Bareh, Dakyrmen Nongsiej, Menlambha Sawkmie, Daniel LHmar, Joseph Hmingthanluanga, Arkielang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Donelly D Lyngwa, Edward N Syiemïong, Darren EBlah, Between Fistos A.Sangma and Abarak K.Sangma.
D.Marwein General Secretary of the WYF Central Body, in a statement, said that so far the customers of the bank have reached tens of thousands of customers. He said that the bank has not been able to provide adequate services to the depositors and savers and he said that this mismanagement of the bank has affected the people especially those who are in a hurry and to the tymmen that san.
“When we were forming the government in Delhi, there was a shortage of electricity for five hours a day and the electricity bill was very low, but now things have gone smoothly. “Go smoothly,” said Kejriwal.
Ma Lber said that the repeal of these laws will allow the land owners to decide on the coal mining on their land from now on.
The statement said that the strike was aimed not to disrupt the service delivery to the people.
Only the adults dared to jump across.
Shillong, Nailur 27: Clashes between the Khasi residents of Lapangap village in West Jaintia Hills District and the Karbi residents of West Karbi Anglong district continued on Tuesday.
At the meeting, the BJP MP recalled that even the Chairman of the Minorities Commission, Dr Tahir Mahmood, had written in a report in 1999 that the state government should set up a Minorities Department, consisting of four members. the Minorities Commission and the Finance Corporation for Minorities.
From these signs we know that the time is near.
“Whether the curfew has been fully enforced, they have not enforced it properly and vehicles are running even during the curfew,” he said.
On the other hand, the office of BDO Pynursla said that he has already collected information on the damage caused by the natural disaster but the delay in distributing the assistance has upset the farmers and they feel that the government has not done enough. count snep faithfully to them.
This is a blessing but for short-sighted reasons this struggle happens from time to time until the trees that struggle to grow quickly do not get to be a blessing to man.
The ability to raise public awareness on the value of living things will restore the happiness of all lives.
We are now in the fourth stage, the CAB, the Amendment to the Sixth Schedule, the case to abolish the ADCs in the Meghalaya High Court. Out of the three ADCs in Meghalaya, the KHADC should have received the praise from the State Government. the services provided by the Courts of KHADC and received many praises from the Hon'ble Guwahati High Court; the strength of the Legislative Assembly of KHADC in which the debate is powerful; results of Bills created from time to time; Until now, the employees have not suffered from the loss of salary because there is no shortage of employees.
Rupang, who spoke to them on Thursday, said that the price increase has been due to the increase from abroad and here they have to increase as it has increased.
Shillong: Thirteen members of the Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) led by Champion Sangma have been arrested for demanding money from foreign shops in Shillong. The South Garo Hills are the largest coal mining areas.
Speaking at the 10th Annual General Meeting of the Meghalaya Civil Service Officers' Association (MCSOA) held at the State Convention Centre, the Chief Superintendent of Officers (MCSOA) said that again is part in working officers.
He said that as the people have supported him, they will also support Teilinia Thangkhiew to win again this time because he said that the election of Teilinia is based on her work and he wants her to become an MLA. He will work with the MDC for the welfare of the people of Mylliem constituency which is a backward constituency.
Shillong: U Dr. WR Kharlukhi, President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the AITC party is already in the state and therefore we will have to see them in
and to another miracles; and to another prophecy" 1 Corinthians 12:1-1
He said that he also wants to work for the farmers as most of the people in the area and in the state as a whole are farmers and he said that he has already demanded from the government. He said that public meetings will be held to raise awareness on the Agriculture Act to protect and benefit the farmers.
On the 13th, Mukhla Raij SC will play against Mynthong SC at 2.00 pm.
On the other hand, Bah KL Pariat, Founder and Adviser of the Union Cook Cum Helper PM Poshan Meghalaya, said that the purpose of this meeting was to express his gratitude to the Prime Minister for his efforts to achieve this goal. He said that this group of Longkmie needs to get proper recognition from the state government so that they do not face any problems in their jobs. in the state.
Furthermore, they demanded that the MoU signed by both the states on the demarcation of the border should be reviewed in the first instance, because they have just The HNLC has been involved in the shooting death of former HNLC GS Bah Cherish, even though the report has shown that there are those people or police involved in the shooting death of Bah Che. However, the government has not done anything and as a group, they have demanded that the government should punish those policemen involved.
A heavy snowfall in Mexico City, where a 5-foot-high snowstorm has covered vehicles and houses in the city, today.
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has recently divorced his ex-wife, Francesca Pascale, with whom he has been married for 40 years and lost 20 million euros. euro, in payment to the ex-wife to be released, by agreement.
In a statement, the MMRC said that it will not cut down any more trees until the Supreme Court issues its order, but said that the work will continue in those areas. place, where the trees have been cut down.
Mondal said the MLAs from the ruling party cannot be judged if they support the no confidence motion.
The school today celebrated the fit India movement as part of the efforts to promote the health of children, to publicize that health is essential in many sports.
When we fight against we must fight against all, not just one.
All Police, Civil Zonal and Sector vehicles can pass through the Iawmusiang Road to the DC Office and no vehicles are allowed to park at DC Point until the entrance road to the SP Office.
It is alleged that the four men broke the body of Demerius Siangshai inside a sanium forest and after the police found the body, it was buried because no one came to work. not at home and recovered and recognized to accept it.
It is just a statement that the farmers make from time to time and in the end they have to work hard to support their families.
Both the traders and the politicians have the same goal – to seize their own power so that they can run everything from the trade to the elections and to the elections. you have created a law.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: Dozens of residents of the Congress Party including Emlang Laloo, who will contest the MLA Election 2023 from 1-Nartiang Constituency, today attended a meeting. This was held today at Namdong village in West Jaintia Hills District.
Wahlyngkhat, 11 Lber: The 11th of October is a memorable day for Wahlyngkhat Village as on this day it was declared as a village free from illegal immigration and a village with enough The toilet does not go outside the village.
