He therefore urged all the beneficiaries of this scheme to cooperate in all areas so that the development works in the area can go smoothly.
N Parien, Bah PL Majaw President JYF said that the programs in Ri-Lum Jaintia have been postponed because there are programs which the people have scheduled for a year before to be held and these are programs that cannot be held anymore. to avoid those who as leaders of the Sengbhalang thought it was their duty to respect each other at such times.
Thus Jesus is the Savior who delivers mankind from sin from the power of Satan.
Prime Minister Duh laid the foundation stones for the reconstruction and development projects of Kedarnath in 2017 including the Shri Adi Shankaracharya Samadhi which was damaged in the 2013 floods.
The aim of the race is to promote health and fitness among the citizens of the state from the young to the elderly.
Shillong is the capital of Assam and Shillong became the capital of Mawkhar for the state struggle because of the Khasi National Dorbar (former, not now).
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, has denied that there is a difference of opinion within the party on the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA).
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with the North Eastern Region (NESO) have decided to hold a flag raising ceremony in all the capitals of the North Eastern States tomorrow, 12th July. 2019 as part of the protest against the incident in Tripura and Manipur.
After talking to the owners of the petrol pump, the union demanded that they pay the compensation for the lost vehicles and the owners of the petrol pump also agreed to pay the compensation. ksan of these cars.
“Since then,” said Bah Lapang, “no one has dared to invite tourists.
The investigation into this has not yet been completed and perhaps the time will come when those who took care of Rosy will be brought to justice.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 31: The Hills Farmers Union (HFU) West Khasi Hills has visited the rice fields and found that the Paddy Blue Beetle has been infected. They started eating the rice around the area from Riewblei Square, Langlieh Square, Mawkhmah Square, Myrhoi Square, Langpih and other places.
Shillong: The Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik today launched a postal stamp at the residence of the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik. at Raj Bhawan, Shillong.
Tel Aviv: The power of food can calm even a terrorist who held a bomb in his hand and tried to blow it up at a market in a town in western Israel. .
For this, the Jaiaw Langsning Dorbar Shnong and the Jaiaw Langsning Youth Association would like to express their gratitude to the MLA of West Shillong Constituency, Bah Paul Lyndoh.
However, the surprising thing is that there are two people from the company who have raped women and children and the KSU has always warned that if they come to work they should do the job assigned to them. to mushlia or rape women and children with the intention of taking advantage of what is unacceptable as a place.
“The inability of the State to develop is due to the excessive thinking of the people who elect the Legislators to shape and enhance the State with laws to develop and protect the citizens especially the trai ri trai country" snake added.
It hasn't been long since they celebrated the Day of Nature but we have had lawkyntang for thousands of years.
The report, according to the information, did not reveal the names of the policemen involved in the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, but the report shows that the shooting death of Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew Cherish has been arrested on the basis of the fact that there have been many bomb blasts in Khliehriat, Laitumkhrah and there is another bomb blast in Khyndailad. It is expected that it may have been on Independence Day last year and all these incidents, it is believed that Bah Cherish, is one of those involved in this case.
In many Dorbars, the Khasi National Dorbar has discussed and passed laws affecting the Khasi people, such as the Citizenship Act in the Khasi Hills, the Land Act in the Khasi Hills and the Hiar and The Khasi Hills.
The Seng has also written a letter and met with BDR Tiwari, Commissioner Secretary Education Department, Bah DP Wahlang. Secretary Edu.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have met with the Minister in charge of Forests, James K Sangma to demand the appointment of a team of inquiry to investigate the increase in radiation. ) from tanks where uranium waste is stored.
Others who were present included Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU-NKHD, Bah Markus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region, Bah FK Kharwanlang, Bah Donald Rymbai, President of MWA, Bah Ryntathiang, Chairman. PFC, MSOA and others.
“The payment is sufficient because it has covered everything from the water bill, except for the bill,” he said.
Entry No.5: Light vehicles coming from Shillong area will enter from Moodymmai and pass through Moodymmai village to Lumsalah Road to the parking lots.
In this regard, the Committee yesterday sent a letter to the State Government and the State Government today issued a notice to set up an Expert Committee.
The Mawhati MLA also spoke about the road from Umtrai to Umjari, which is the road that the people of the area can use when they go to Nongpoh. and the MLA of Nongpoh, have talked from time to time, in order to bring peace to the residents of the area.
“Why should we rush to destroy the place of worship which has been there for more than 10 years? The Municipal Corporation shall allow the church to take other measures to discuss before demolishing the church.
After these problems, the KSU Ranikor Circle immediately informed the KSU Ranikor Circle, and immediately the KSU Ranikor Circle immediately went to inspect. The market, which has been one of the blessing markets for the traders of the border area to export goods to Bangladesh and also to buy Bangladeshi goods and sell them back to various markets in South West Khasi Hills. The group was led by Bah Marconi Thongni, President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Ranikor Circle along with other leaders of the KSU.
He also promised that regarding the issue of garbage in Jowai, he promised to resolve it when they come back to power as many of them are doing politics.
Now this work has been done exactly like the skum of the Lwai fish.
Eugene is currently in the state and will leave on the 25th of November to return to the fitness centers in Bengaluru. Pune FC and in these months, he will start training with the players of the club.
A sadhu at a temple in Varanasi has covered the heads of idols to protect them from the pollution. .
Nongpoh, Lber 28: With the aim of providing electricity or to produce more electricity to meet the needs of the people in the states of the North Eastern Region of India, government officials and officers The North East Regional Power Committee (NPC) today held a meeting at Vivanta Hotel, Guwahati to discuss ways to improve the production of electricity. Electricity supply to these states in the North East of India.
She said that in the lives of people they face many challenges but they should be able to fight against those challenges.
Shillong, November 07: The Hospital Committee of the Umroi District Women's Church and MACS, Shillong on Tuesday held a public hearing at the Umroi Presbyterian Church, Lumthehsei.
The second is better than the first.
Rogest said the purpose of the bridge is to attract tourists for the benefit of the village and the youth.
Three persons have been arrested in the area so far.
“We have a target that this farm will benefit 5000 farmers and create employment opportunities for the youth across South Garo Hills,” he said.
The mother died eight hours after receiving word that her son had recently died after being hit by a stone at the quarry where he worked.
Besides, the Seng strongly opposes and strongly urges the students to sit on the street corners or any place to play mobile games after school or studying in uniform.
Shillong, Nailar 27: Police have seized a vehicle registration number ML-04-B1290 (Tata Mobile) at 10:30 pm on the 9th of this month. in front of Nazareth Hospital in a no parking area but at 1:30 pm the vehicle fled the scene by breaking the nap which was blocked by the police.
They were identified as Point Chyrmang, 30, Nikalai Chyrmang, 21, Mij Chyrmang, 22 and Shanbor Chyrmang, A case No. 2 (1) 2023 has been registered against them under sections 120B IPC R/W Sec 5 ES Act. walk.
The injured was identified as Kiran Sinha, resident of Jyllishop, Nongthymmai. The injured was not identified as he was still a minor.
In contrast, the colony also stood firm.
Police said that the militant joined the KYKL in 1998 and completed physical training with 38 other members of the KYKL at a camp. Khoupum, Noney district and was also promoted to the rank of Major of the party.
The announcement of the GBA demonstrates the appreciation for the fulfillment of India's agenda as G20 President and its leadership as the “Voice of the Western Hemisphere”.
After this, it will be followed by the riti ceremony from various Khasi departments.
Everyone is in the darkness.
The deceased priests were Rev Bijumon, 52, and Rev Shine B Raj, 43, of whom Bijumon died on Friday and Raj, who died on Tuesday.
The total number of cases in the state is 86358 and out of these 83740 cases have been confirmed. 1490 deaths and 1490 injuries.
Those who do not have these schools have to provide 15 hectares of land free of charge as this is the policy of the Government of India.
Besides the rice, there are many other items that are too expensive.
Furthermore, the KSU urged the youths who wish to know more to contact the relevant leaders at 8259058642, 7005326776 or
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 14: The FKJGP has expressed its concern over the incidents of harassment by the residents of Meghalaya against the Assam government from time to time and urged to strengthen the security forces in the Assam government. The border with the West Khasi Hills is especially with Langpih.
“The power outage is an inevitable part, and this has been done even in previous years,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: A Vigilance Cell of MePDCL led by Assistant Executive Engineer and Junior Engineer MTI & Vigilance-III Shillong has visited Sohryngkham, Kynton, Mon and Mawkynrew villages in Mawryngkneng Sub-Division. Division; Mawten, Rangblang, Pombriew, Mawsaw, Mawthawpdah and Nongdiat on 24th, 25th and 27th June
The body of the seven-month-old woman was taken to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem. a village in the area, after he fled immediately after the incident.
We congratulate him for his long service and invaluable contribution to the NPP,” he said.
Among these, 280 persons with disabilities have received medical certificates including 155 males and 125 females.
He carries the burden of the shon, the pain and suffering of the Kur.
Others who attended the ceremony included Rangbah Binos Syngkon President Modymmai Unit, Chanbor War Vice President WJHDU, Ioanis Suchiang President KSU Jowai Circle, Phraki Hawni Thubru General Secretary Jowai Circle; Finance Secretary and others.
Earlier, the Meghalaya High Court had ordered the editor and publisher of the newspaper to pay T.2 lakh each and ordered them to pay T.2 lakh each. They shall be imprisoned for six months and shall be banned from the newspaper.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit in the presence of Samla Richard Mawkhiew, General Secretary KSU Nongthymai Circle and several members from Shillong today met with Bah Andy Rayner Lyngdoh, Assistant. Manager of Jio Telecom today 20th November 2021 at the Jio Office at Fire, Brigade Shillong.
The meeting was conducted by M Bareh Secretary and a short speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong Priang K Shullet.
New Delhi, Nailar 27: Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh has denied the allegations against his son Pankaj Singh and vowed to resign. public, if there is even a little bit of evidence, which shows that there are facts.
KJDSTA expects that the Treasury Officer will hold the floor as a true and responsible officer.
Assam Minister Atul Bora on Tuesday informed the Legislative Assembly that according to the report received from the Assam Accord, there are more than 1.50 lakh foreigners who have been illegal immigrants. More than 30,000 of them have been deported from Assam.
He has never been assigned to duty and has never received any awards since then.
Speech was also delivered by the Secretary of the Village, Bah Banlam Kupar Lyngdoh, who gave a brief history of Mawmluh Village.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Many of the elderly men and women over 80 years of age have started voting today for the election of the MLAs of the state for the years 2023 to
Rambrai, Naiwieng 28: Rambrai is one of the new MLA constituencies in the 2013 MLA election where Bah KP Pangniang has been elected as the MLA of this constituency. The road from Nongstoin to Rambrai is excessive.
The tournament was chief referee by Bah Bonney Kharbani, SNA and was conducted by the Swiss System for five rounds.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: A special session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be held tomorrow to discuss the amendment of several issues of the Village Administration Bill.
Shillong, July 19: This will be one of the most exciting funerals in West Khasi Hills and even in the state as a whole.
It took about 1 hour for the rescue teams to recover the body of Kalpana who was still trapped inside. It was at 4 pm that the body of the victim was recovered from the ground.
It is true that before this election we have seen that the MDA government has tried to resolve the border issue, but it is different to see that there has been no such struggle on the part of the MDA government. the public.
The word “Rangbah” comes from Rang which means man and Bah means bah to carry, so if these two words are combined, we call it 'Rangbah.
The party has also decided to direct the units to hold meetings to inform about the meeting scheduled to be held on the 8th.
In the third semifinal or qualifier-2, Rymbai Shkenshynriah scored the goals through Hikaidame Bareh in the 5th minute and Roiboklang Bareh in the 96th minute.
We know that on this topic, our governments have spent a lot of time to reach the completion of this work.
He admitted that the CT scan at Tura Civil Hospital is no longer available and there have been many problems.
“At this meeting we will take a decision and announce strong protest measures,” said Nidamon Chullet.
However, due to the lack of time, the deadline for the closure of such illegal factories has been set for 20th November.
The main topic of discussion on the occasion was the arrest and search by the police of the KSU members who stood up to protest against the government's plan to build a railway line in the state. According to the voice of the people at this meeting, it was heard that during this raid by the KSU children, who raided even in their homes without counting even in the evening, where This has created instability and affected the peace and order in the District.
“On the same day, the HYC Ri Bhoi West Circle has also informed the Minister of Education about the demand for the implementation of the Patharkhmah Model Degree College.
The Jews have been independent of the State of Israel since its proclamation in 1948 AD for 71 years.
Moonlight Pariat, who filed her nomination papers as the UDP candidate from Jowai on Saturday.
In the days of Noah, God punished all the too wicked people because He no longer wanted them to live on this earth.
Krishna will take over the post in November
Besides, the government authorities have reminded and urged the residents, that on such a special day, at least one resident should take responsibility to preserve the trees. plant one or two trees, but no one listens to do it.
Referring to the performance of the schools this year, it was seen that St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School has been able to produce outstanding students who have come forward in both the streams of Science and Commerce, Anindita Das Choudhary got first place in Science while Sanchayita Das in Commerce, both students of the college.
Besides the districts, the Government has already identified various villages and villages within these districts as drug hotspots.
He said that from time to time they talk to the state government but they have been explained that it will not affect the powers of the District Council.
The workshop will provide an opportunity for women entrepreneurs to receive information, share their experiences, suggestions on access to resources and support.
However, the present government has not implemented this.
The General Secretary of the MSOA and Finely Pariat in a statement sent to reporters said that the medals have already been distributed but could not be distributed due to late night.
Furthermore, as an MLA or public leader, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that he expects the officers to work together to fight against or find ways and means to reduce the production of garbage. In this regard, it is necessary to have the cooperation of the people, the villages and the government by striving to reduce the burning of plastic or other waste production that affects the environment. and also the health of the people, he added.
Speaking on the occasion, the HYC has praised the village leaders of Umbir for their vision for the future of the children for the establishment of the school by the village of Umbir. The benefits are great for those who are poor and cannot afford to attend private schools.
Kalvin Suting, Moosakhia Village and Nicholas Khonglah, Lai Lyngdoh were also honoured.
The Saudi government has deployed 30,000 troops in the eastern parts of the country after reports that 2,500 Iraqi troops had left. Saudi Arabia's King Abdullah has ordered all security measures to be taken against Iraq. ISIS militants, because the signs indicate that there is a growing number of ISIS militants in parts of the Middle East.
According to our information, Lt.T.Bn.
This was done at a meeting held on Saturday,” the newspaper said.
The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) Central Body has decided to hold a sit-in demonstration on the 17th of this month at All India Radio Road, Shillong. Shillong).
A polite child, as soon as she came out, greeted us all and asked us questions.
He said that the district is now looking for more places to set up markets to market their products.
Following the government's decision to move the ITBP from Shillong to Arunachal Pradesh, NESO has demanded that the central government should withdraw the Assam Rifle and Air Force from Shillong.
The incident came to light after the leaders of the Meghalaya Awake Council Citizens (MACC) searched the municipal trucks carrying these expired drugs while they were coming from Polo area.
On the other hand, HUAM said that from tomorrow they will be vigilant and will not allow the cows to leave the market without a mark. cattle.
The ABBA band consists of Agnetha Faltskog, 71, Björn Ulvaeus, 76, Benny Andersson, 74 and Frida Lyngstad,
Know ye and understand that from the going forth of the word to restore and to build Jerusalem unto Messiah the Leader there shall be 70 weeks : 62 weeks, the streets and the highways shall be built again. I'm not in the time of trouble.
Whether that is the vision of the Khasi-Jaintia State is the vision of the night or the day, you ask us.
The bill was introduced by Arjun Ram Meghwal, Minister of Law and Justice, Government of India.
This rapid growth has not been uniform to Nagaland as a whole but Dimapur and Wokha which border with Assam have grown rapidly. Wokha has grown 95.01% between 1991-2 , and is the fastest growing district compared to the districts in India.
“The group warns A Sun that if he continues to publish the name of Bah KS Nongrum without any grounds, the group will take strong action against him,” they warned.
“If I have to die, I have to die once,” said Masharing.
The union has expressed its concern that despite the lack of electricity, it has come exactly at the end of the month.
“As I have already said, anyone can object.
However, to improve the income of the State, the Minister suggested that they should start with freight trains.
As responsible citizens, they should also think of the welfare of the state as a whole and not to oppose too much when the Government proposes to build power plants in any part of the state. Even if there are many electricity generating plants, the people will not experience darkness at night.
Another issue was raised by a member of the ruling Mizo National Front (MNF), Lalrintluanga Sailo, who expressed his gratitude to the Government of India for The Assam Rifles has agreed to relocate the headquarters of the Assam Rifles from Aizawl.
The Chief Justice said that the Constitution of India does not prohibit any Indian from participating in politics or any legal provision if the job they do does not fall under the list of jobs. On the left and right is the Office of Profit.
These include East Khasi Hills 190, West Garo Hills 82, Ri Bhoi 34, South West Garo Hills 11, West Khasi Hills 2, South West Khasi Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 10, North Garo Hills 17, South Garo Hills Eastern West Khasi Hills 9, East Jaintia Hills 3 and East Garo Hills
“To remind Rahul Gandhi that each and every hero of Meghalaya has received honor and remembrance from the people, to say the least, we don't remember that the Congress has ever done that.
These roads which have been used by the residents since 2003 are within the area of ​​Dong Ranap, Dong Skul and Dong Siej.
The Silver Jubilee Celebration of Psiar Upper Primary School and the foundation stone laying ceremony of Psiar Secondary School were attended by Ma Comingone Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries and others.
In the singles shooting competition, Teibor Warbah from Laitkyrhong came second, Bok L.Marshillong from Mawpat came third. u Head of the House.
As part of the implementation of the railway line in Meghalaya, the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-II) government has been working hard to find ways and means to connect the railway line from other states. If you are not in East Khasi Hills or Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kharkrang said that the constitution of the ethnic parties states that they are for the Khasi, Jaintia & Garo people. He said that this constitution shows that other ethnic groups cannot be members.
Earlier, Kailash Chaudhury, Minister of State for Child Development, has tested positive for the corona virus and is undergoing treatment in Jodhpur.
This was announced by the General Secretary, Dr. AW Rani.
This false news was also broadcast across India through national TV channels.
He slammed the HSPDP, UDP and KHNAM for saying that they would not cooperate with the BJP but only after the election they changed their minds and cooperated with the BJP to form a government.
He said that RTI is not only necessary for individuals but also for governments because one government can request information from another state government if it needs information.
Electricity Minister AT Mondal said the lack of coal supply is another reason, but the companies that have signed the soskular have not proceeded with the implementation.
“This is only the first day of the protest, but we will continue for the next four days,” said Pritam Marak, President of FKJGP Garo Hills. this is a public meeting.
All the Presidents and Secretaries of the departments across the state have been directed to attend this special meeting and to take this as an information.
Asit Kumar was also found to have T.62 crore in his bank account.
He said that 'Hello Meghalaya' is like encouraging the youth to develop their filmmaking careers from storytellers, composers, producers and photographers.
Eldie N. Lyngdoh, Vice-President of FKJGP Sengkmie, Bah Lui Star Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP Ri Bhoi and others who left for the donation included Bah Eldie N. Lyngdoh, Vice-President of FKJGP Sengkmie and others. even.
May the God of peace be with you all.
The men's singles category was Mathious Pde who won first place and Vivek War who came runners up.
Speaking to the drivers of commercial vehicles, they said that the contractor's action is only to mislead the public, because of the criticism but the ground will be covered with rainwater. and the response of the people will become even louder.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that one case is from outside the state and is staying alone at home, while three cases are from Guwahati. hi.
Therefore, I strongly request you to amend the guidelines,” said Bah Kyrsoi.
Rev.(Dr) ES Langstieh who was also the chief guest on this occasion.
In the results released yesterday, 87 names appeared but are doubtful to believe, because they are very different names, such as 'Iwanto Mary', 'Adam Hell', 'Dohling Suting' and the different types as shown in the list.
“Give us the ILP demand first and that demand should come later,” he said.
Ecclesiastes 1:8.
Is it the fault of the government or the responsibility of all?
They must have intended to make a lot of money.” He thought to himself and immediately remembered the way they spoke. Thus passed the times and days.
He encouraged the football players as it has now become a job opportunity by showing the example of the stars of the state like Eugenson, Redeem, Aiban, Chesterpaul and other players who lead the big clubs in the ISL. He urged the youth of the area to avoid bad habits such as drinking drugs, marijuana and other alcoholic beverages to succeed in life.
U Bah Syngkon, strongly condemns these bloodthirsty people, who have no regard for the lives of human beings and expressed his sincere request, on his part, to the departments of the state, which are responsible for to see in this regard, that they should give a severe punishment, according to the rules of law, that it may be an example to others in the future.
This was announced by the Deputy Director of MBOSE, M Marbaniang.
We will ensure that not a single penny of the money allocated for use should go into anyone's personal account.
The meeting was conducted by the Secretary of the Club, Newyearborn Sumer and welcome speeches were delivered by Banshan Lang Lapasam.
KSU Ranikor Circle on Tuesday under the leadership of Nolikata Border Haat, South West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the road conditions which have caused problems to the traders and people who used to go to the market at Nolikata Border Haat. Samla Marconi Thongni, President together with other members, visited the market, which has become one of the markets that benefits the traders of the border area to export goods to Bangladesh and also to buy Bangladeshi goods and sell them to various markets in South West Khasi Hills and others.
“About 500 members of the party have arrived from Garo Hills,” said David Kharsati, General Secretary of the party.
Regarding the allegation by the President of KSU Umsning Circle that James went to Kolkata to meet with the officials of Agrovet, he denied and said that he went to Kolkata for personal purposes. of himself, but there is no such encounter.
“As the council, we are against the MoU because the government has not consulted us before signing the MoU because the council is the owner of the land,” said Bah Jambor.
He said that Bah BB Lyngdoh (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) former Chief Minister of Meghalaya is one of the members of the church, Bah Ripple Kyndiah, Bah Thrang Ryngad and Bah Pariat former Minister of Home Affairs. the state.
After the two elders left the village, Kong Lumspah, who was shocked, couldn't keep it to herself but she expressed it in front of her husband.
The US Consul General also visited the PHE Dam at Mawphlang which supplies drinking water to the entire city.
This statement on the other hand has prompted many political parties to come forward with complaints regarding the lack of qualified personnel from Garo Hills to meet the needs.
Police from Jowai Women Police Station have taken the body to Jowai Civil Hospital Ialong for post mortem.
However, the Sixth Schedule has failed here too because those elected have not had time for 70 years to complete the enactment of the Constitutions of these 54 Hima/Elaka or Nations in Khasi Hills and 19 Nations. Jaintia Hills and more than 1400 Aking Nokma in Lum Garo.
On the other hand, Bah Khlain, who is also a former player of Langsning FC, expressed his satisfaction that the management has been able to appoint him to this position, in which he has set himself a goal and The same is true of trying to play well in the SPL this season.
Deputy Commissioner Garod LSN Dykes, IAS as the chief guest awarded the prizes to the winners along with Bah Gideon Kharkongor Honorary Secretary of MCA who won the second prizes.
This license must be renewed within 6 months.
There are also lymbit who live inside the crematorium who go outside the crematorium in the morning to look for food and in the evening they come back into the crematorium to sleep by sdien da khongpong on the stones.
In another incident, at 2 pm, a Dkhar named Tinku Chakraborty kidnapped a Khasi girl named Anita Nongrum from Rynjah, Shillong.
A woman has lodged a complaint with the police that her foreign friend Eric Phillips from Westham, England, told her that he had sent her a gift and she had to deposit T.3000/- as a gift. treasury.
Earlier, Dr P Ngully, Director of the Regional Resource Centre, explained the incidence of drug abuse among the youth.
Where will these leaders go if the political system changes?
Marbaniang said the drugs were seized from a medical store near Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital, Shillong and transported in four vehicles of the Municipal. .
She demanded that the state government should incorporate the provisions of the Central Act into the State Government Act by allowing 40 percent participation of land vendors in the Town Vending Committee (TVC).
According to the findings of the commission, the 12 women were illegally detained at the house of Jaynie Ningring Sangma at Daldagre in Tura from 1st to 8th June.
At the same time, it was reported that this year, the Seng Khasi has issued certificates to 9 couples who have married and 19 couples who have been confirmed after marriage.
In Sohra, the rainfall was 164.8mm today and 11.0mm today.
Speech was also delivered by the MLA of Mawlai, Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang.
The Holy City of Jerusalem will be destroyed for 42 months. 42 months means 1260 days or 3 1⁄2 years according to the Jewish calendar.
With this fund, the Committee has also been able to develop measures to prevent illegal mining.
In this age, many ministers, government officials and public functions do not encourage people to seek government jobs because government jobs are becoming limited as the years go by and they encourage them to do so. ,to the youth who have learned to return to their own jobs whether it is agriculture, rice cultivation or other jobs to set up their own jobs to provide employment to them.
F.Pohshna, Asst.Teacher RC Eve Secondary School, while speaking as an expert, explained that cleanliness is essential in the daily life of a person and she also explained about the changes in the body. ryngïot of women.
He said that this incident has shocked the state and also shows the corruption of the education department of the state and it is also a terrible corruption.
This happened in Nongpriang village which has to walk to the area because the road has not yet reached.
“The district meeting has already been approved by the Block Congress of Nongstoiñ which is now only in the MPCC. said Mr. Kharbani.
Jowai, July 23: A young woman has been cut off and bombed and tied by three women on the 16th of this month at Iawmusiang, Jowai.
Gokhale said the NPP was derecognized by the Election Commission in
She also urged the Syiem of Hima Khyriem to take action to investigate the matter of these 7 villages for the sake of the peace and order of the residents who have suffered terribly during the Khaddar rule. inside the village in these days and years.
According to the order, entry and exit to these villages has been banned from midnight on the 14th of Ialong until further notice.
Trading licenses and NOCs are issued by the District Council and the Dorbar Shnong.
The ED searched Balaji's house on Tuesday and later took him to its office for further investigation.
The two teams taking pictures with the guest before the final.
Where else shall we go? Can we move to another place? This feeling that the land, the hills, the rivers and the environment itself is not owned by individuals and that those who own it can do whatever they want. you are very wrong.
Therefore, the voters and all the candidates, especially those who are still strong and young, are invited to surrender themselves before the Lord, ask Him to command them to be with you in this election throughout and in you can't rule.
The subsidiary alliance system has brought many evils and problems to the rule of Khadar.
But they are only symbols for you to think about before you make a decision for your own good and the whole nation.
There is no way to escape the traffic jams if we don't improve the roads,” said Ong.
When he became calmer, he came to the statement that “all Indians are Hindus” which led these intellectuals and others to condemn Bhagat's rhetoric.
He said he would appeal to the council before taking any decision.
Moscow has accused militants from Muslim-majority regions in Chechnya's East Caucasus.
President Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, General Secretary Samla Rapborlang Nongrum and other leaders who attended the ceremony welcomed the Circle leaders. from the Circle and from various Units and especially to the Unit in their village who have been able to do this charity work in which they have been ready to lend a hand to those families. who have faced trouble at such a time.
In the Group A match played at Umbuda, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi failed to tied first against EJH and played well by scoring 6.57 runs per over. In the 28th over, they scored 184 runs for the loss of eight wickets but the rain came and it was difficult to continue the match.
The Union also demanded to set up a Land Custom Station within the District especially in Kuliang or other parts of East Jaintia Hills to facilitate trade between the two countries (India-Bangladesh) through the State. Meghalaya and to become a source of income for the people as the District has abundant mineral resources including coal, agricultural products and others.
According to Bah Pynshngain, the removal of the Governor is a loss to the people of the country and they should be vigilant from the very beginning in this new arrangement so that it will not be a loss. later on.
In Mukhap, West Jaintia Hills, there are 7 cases, 3 cases have been screened and one case is high risk contact.
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 28, EKH: 162, NGH: 26, RBD: 45, SGH: 17, SWGH: 08, SWKH: 32, WGH: 56, WJH: 86 and WKH:
A similar ban was imposed in November 2018 after it was found that there was formalin in the fish.
“What the Hima has been thinking in the past few months is that we don't want our children to become 'langkñia' like the people in Mukroh.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02 : To take part in the preservation of the Kur Forest and at the same time to protect the environment from the destruction of the Kur Forest in these days, the Kur Khymdeit Nongtluh Mathan in Ri Bhoi On Saturday, a tree planting ceremony was held at the Kur Forest at Umkon Village in Ri Bhoi District.
“Don't be afraid to believe me that the government in 2023 will be the Congress government,” said Bah PN Syiem. without being able to govern the State.
He also announced the opening of the Sohiong C&RD Block within this year and the opening of the Shopping Complex at a cost of T.30 crore.
“However, from now on, if I send another person to work in Chennai, I will inform the district authorities and I will also take the information of the SP,” she said.
He said this would increase the production and supply of oxygen in the districts.
He said that in these days, there will be examinations for school children, and if the power struggle between the government and the political parties continues, it will affect the people especially the poor.
It is to be recalled that the Seng Biria U Khasi was founded on July 2, 1989 and this group has been prominent in the past years in performing biria dramas. The residents of the state have been deeply affected.
“As we move forward for the discussion, there are some sensitive areas, some from their side and some from our side as well and everyone is keeping an eye on these.
The camp was organized by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government, EDGE10 and ARMS PT as technical partners.
She said the youth of the state should know that they can join the army at the rank of officer after completing their Bachelor Degree and that their mnaks should be from 100 onwards.
The ban was imposed after receiving a complaint that some people have been flying drones high in the air and which has affected the Air Traffic Controller, the department in charge of the Air Traffic Controller. go straight to Liengsuin.
“Even the young people are eager to draw closer to God, but they are far away from God because of the new age and they don't have time to remember God,” said Pastor Ryngksai.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) today questioned three Bollywood actresses, including Deepika Padukone, Sara Ali Khan and Shraddha Kapoor, in connection with drug trafficking in the world of bollywood movies.
The Raliang District Arts & Cultural Organization (REACO) will hold the Iadaw Masi Rong Festival at Pamsna Square as part of the festival. Laskein Haka May 30, 2022.
Many said that the government's actions show that there is no attention to agriculture while in other states, the government takes a lot of attention to the farmers.
Shitlang Pale has coal mines worth more than 500 crore tyngka.
Shillong, November 15: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday urged the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh to fight against the sending of examinations to the centres. Meghalaya has announced that the post of Group B&C in the North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health and Medical Sciences (NEIGRIHMS) has been announced.
Group B includes host Bhutan, Maldives and Pakistan.
This fruit contains good sulfur which supports and helps the heart's strength and function to reduce toxins.
He said that as usual, the DGP as the head of the police department will convene a meeting and it is during this meeting that discussions and suggestions will be held on how to strengthen the team working to protect the police. the citizens as a responsible agency to prevent and suppress any crime and illegal activities.
Nongrim Hills have scored three points to move up to second place with 19 points from nine games while Imson have dropped to fourth place with 18 points from nine games.
We are now committed to making Meghalaya the first state to have 5G Smart Emergency Response,” said Mr. Pranav Bajaj, Co-Founder of Medulance Healthcare.
When questioned, they could not answer a single word and could not produce proper documents to prove that they are Indian citizens.
Chokpot, Nailar 1 : Former Congress MDC from Rongrikimgre Willy D Shira on Saturday joined the TMC in the presence of Lazarus Sangma and other leaders in Chokpot.
They pointed out that the conduct of Governors in non-BJP-ruled states was outside the bounds of the provisions in the Constitution.
Shillong, June 20: The State Government has commissioned the Indian Science Museum Council (ISMC) to conduct a survey in the Sohra area to set up a Rain Museum to attract tourists. “It is the highest rainfall in the world,” said the EAC of Sohra, Bah G Warjri.
He said that no other college in the state can receive what Kiang Nangbah Government College has received.
VMC Commissioner Swapnil Dinakar Pundkar said that for decades, the historic Gandhi Hill has been a place that has attracted tourists from all over the world.
They also expressed their surprise that only in Motphran area they are not allowed to sell their goods, while in the Mawlong Market area, the road to Paltan Bazaar and Garikhana they are allowed to sell their goods without being disturbed.
Earlier, the candidate said that if the UDP does not come to power in this case, it will inevitably lead to trouble because new parties will come to the state because they see that they can. to deceive.
Speakers included Dr Dominic Shylla, District Agriculture Officer, MJ Shylla and District Child Protection Officer, East Jaintia Hills District. T.Kyndiah and others.
It is something that does not accept our prayer to Most Rev. Archbishop Dominic Jala.
Initially, the United States said it would not interfere or take part in the conflict between the two countries and the two countries themselves should work together and reconcile to bring peace and relations. which is firmly established afterwards.
“This is not the time to make money and if anyone takes advantage, we will not forgive anyone especially the hiding of food items,” said Bah Metbah. eyes.
He said that before the elections, the BJP had understood the aspirations of the people and the need to have a Secretariat in Tura.
If religious leaders, church leaders and parents don't want to see their children become addicted to illegal activities, they should ask the leader of Mawshynrut, because he belongs to the NPP why. he remained silent and did not speak in the Assembly on the casino.
He said how the ECI has taken these machines from other states and why it cannot maintain them itself and this has created distrust in the machines.
Risjoy Syiemlieh scored two goals in the 18th and 20th minutes while Samborlang scored one goal in the 58th minute.
Kaniyan Poongranar, a Tamizh poet in the 6th millennium BCE wrote, “All places on this earth are our cities and all people are our relatives, all come from the same long ago".
Time does not wait for anyone, and we must act quickly before the tribulation becomes worse.
After continuing the innings at 18/0, Haryana managed to score 52 runs before the wicket of Meghalaya's Aryan Bora fell. .
If they do, how happy it will be for the people who live on the border.
Kong Khongdup said that the term 'Single Mother' has emerged in the past few years from foreign countries and it is necessary to discuss the reason for this. the lack of marriage of mothers and what will happen if mothers raise their children alone without a father.
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate of Ri Bhoi District, Ri Bhoi District, has announced that there have been many cases of COVID-19 in some villages and townships in Ri Bhoi District. The villages and townships in Bhoi, which have been placed in the Containment Zone, have been warned against the public not to enter and leave these areas.
Furthermore, an appeal was lodged with the Chairperson, Press Council of India.
In the final match of the tournament, Mynsngad beat Lumchyrmang Mihmyntdu 2-1
“There are still 7-8 members of this group and we will not release them easily,” said the SP. I will search diligently until I find you.
Shillong, Nailur 8: “Don't speak in the name of the Federation,” said the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, Bah John Kharshiing today. “To speak of the FKS, they should be only Kings and Priests”.
“I don't know where they put the uniforms, I don't know,” said Teinwel.
As soon as Bah Rowel read it, the Leader of the Opposition Donkupar Roy stood up to ask for clarification on the purpose of bringing the Ordinance into the House.
She said that when the police came to tied the house in the middle of the night, she was shocked when she heard that they were coming to walk around the house.
Ronaldo's contract is worth €11 million a year and the buy-out clause is worth €1 billion.
Prestone Tynsong, Minister of Forests and MLA of Pynursla Constituency, in his short speech, said that the cleanliness and safety of the crematorium should be maintained.
Shillong: Today, 21st March 2022, a training course for Persons With Disabilities was inaugurated by the Seng Kynjoh Shaphrang Ki Kynthei. The meeting was held at the Vocational Training Center of the Seng, which was funded by the MSSDS Shillong.
Does this show that even after 50 years the government is still young and unable to carry out its work in a fair and inclusive manner? and the mistake on this has caused grief even to the households, neighbors and especially to the villages and kingdoms.
Police also seized ID cards, checks worth T.18000/- thousand tyngka, ATMs from the arrested person. The BSF also seized the drugs from time to time.
Although Iga lost her first two matches, she improved her performance by playing well and making her the world champion and a candidate to defend the title. I'm going to Roland Garros.
Replace the brut shut teeth every three months.
Bah Stephanson Mukhim and Kong Dolly Khonglah encouraged and congratulated the members and leaders of these units. Sadon K.Blah as president of the central body confirmed and swore in the office bearers of these four units.
These include EGH: 15, EJH: 08, EKH: 183, NGH: 23, RBD: 154, SWGH: 04, SWKH: 15, WGH: 58, WJH: 28 and WKH:
Soyal will make his ISL debut with the winner, and is ready to train with the team under Manolo Marquez for the 2022-23 season.
And when a woman is the inheritor of all property, why should we expect to see a strong and stable family? Why wouldn’t a stranger seize this golden opportunity? We talk about the fruits we see within our nation, but no one looks for the root cause.
Genesis 19:25.
This village is located below Pynursla which has to pass through the same road to Mawlynnong.
The Dorbar Shnong Panaliar has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal of the State Health Department to set up an Isolation Ward at the Maternity and Child Health Hospital, Jowai as it falls within the public area.
It is also believed that Putin has a major role to play in talks with the leaders of the Ukrainian rebels by working with the international community to reveal the truth about the incident. , will be revealed soon.
“After the Central Government has increased the Central Excise Duty on petrol and diesel across the country, the State Government today has decided to increase the price of Petrol and Diesel. “From tonight until 6th midnight,” said Bah Tynsong.
In these constituencies, not only are the Garo well paid but even the land belongs to them.
Out of the three candidates, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga won the Congress ticket, while Wilfred Khyllep and Grace Mary Kharpuri lost the Congress ticket. He decided to contest the election as an independent candidate and to leave the Congress party.
“The first and second phases of the PMGSY scheme have a target of 1300 km and we have already completed 1000 km. congratulations on the good implementation of this scheme".
Shillong: The All Jaintia Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AMU) has appealed to the Prime Minister of India, Hon'ble Narendra Modi and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to implement the requests made through the writings which were delivered into their hands.
The police department should not conduct a search at Anjelee petrol pump because the road is too small.
With the participation of these 14 Waheh Chnongs, it was agreed to establish the Union of Waheh Chnongs of Labang Nangphyllut.
US Defense Secretary Mak Esper said the country would send more troops to guard the US embassy. 100 people from various locations, along with two helicopters, will fly over the government building to demonstrate the supremacy of the United States to the crowd as well as to Iran.
Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal on Tuesday said that about 150 children from the state affected by the conflict in Manipur have been enrolled in government schools in Delhi.
This is like the once a year organized by the Seng Khasi.
Regarding the requirement to appoint Skilled and Semi Skilled, there is a need for skilled workers who have the knowledge to build from scratch and others, but the surprising thing is that the salary of these skilled workers falls. The VEC leaders have also suggested and requested the Blocks to remove the Skilled and Semi Skilled.
Therefore, NESO urges the Prime Minister to speak out, otherwise the central government has a purpose behind this silence,” said the NESO leaders. They robbed two houses and two food shops in Domkseh village, Mawthadraishan C&RD Block.
The robbed vehicles include a Scorpio, which was robbed of T.50,000, another Scorpio, which was robbed of T.15,0 two mobile phones from the occupants of these vehicles.
On the basis of the relationship between parents and children, although the children receive the love and care of the parents, but in relation to the rapid growth of crime in this city. and in the villages the following questions arise:-From the friendship, the pocket money, the walking and the lifestyle of the children – The mother can know that her child Does the mother know that her son has become addicted to alcohol? From the smell of the bedroom and the smell of the clothes? phone through mobile phone by talking slowly and running away as if afraid of being heard by those nearby, parents know that their child has many friends and have a job to do good or evil.
The deceased was from South Garo Hills.
These two nations are the descendants of Abraham.
Shillong, July 04: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the VPP together with four other party leaders arrived in Chennai today to attend the Conference organized by the Tamizhnadu People's Party (VPP). Front ((TPF) will be held on the 6th of this month.
Speaking at the rally, Mamata said there is an allegation that the Trinamool Congress is the party of Bengal, why do the people of India accept the national anthem written by Rabindranath Tagore? and West Bengal.
The MJAC also admitted that despite the search and stop of the trucks 12 to 15 times, the smuggling of coal is still going on. in the East and West.
These policemen needed a temporary rest before they could meet their family members and loved ones and avoid diseases.
To conclude this message let us sing from the Hymn of Zion of the Church of God (E) No.416: 3 which says: At that morning of the resurrection, At the last trumpet, They shall stand before the Lord, The reward they shall receive, They shall be judged by his word, At the morning of the resurrection.
The Chief Guest said that Anderson Higher Secondary School is one of the schools which has performed well in the district especially in various examinations including SSLC and HSSLC. The students should be obedient and have a goal in their lives so that they can reap the rewards of tomorrow.
In fact, Radhakrishnan's father did not want his son to learn to read or write English or even to go to school but he wanted to make him a priest. .
Cut Motion – The power given to the Members of the Legislative Assembly to propose any legislation in the State in case of emergency in society.
I remember that he has appointed me to various committees of his to work together.
Those who need CURFEW PASSES for the period of 9:00 PM to 5:00 AM from 28th today until further notice can apply online through the website www.megedistrict.
The Government will ensure that if there are any schools, hospitals or offices that wish to receive connections, they can do so at any time once the optical fiber line has been completed.
On the other hand, the Seng is deeply saddened by the involvement of foreigners in the coal mining industry, which the people of the district used to earn their living from, said a statement from Bah Kyrshan Blah and Bah M. Chyrmang, leader of the party.
U Bah PN Syiem, Leader of the Opposition, said that the KHADC's intention to bring a change in the House on the appointment of Syiem in Bhowal Hima, is because it has a shalyndet benefit, while the Leader of KHADC The ruling CEM, Ardent Basaiawmoit, said that the opposition of PN Syiem only to the Bhowal and Malaisohmat Hima has something behind it.
Out of the 32,674 vacant posts, 20,678 are vacant in government schools and other schools under the jurisdiction of the government while 11,996 are teachers and Principal could not be filled.
He said that the area is a trading hub and the presence of insurgents will affect the jobs of the people.
“We have been raising these demands with the government for about 18 years for these domestic workers, but until now there has been no good response from the state government,” said Sr.
In another incident, on the 4th of November at 1 pm, Muhes Pariat, of Tangmang Village, died when he was hit by an unknown vehicle.
The motorcycle race will cover 3291 km and in this, the motorcyclists will pass through nine states before meeting at Ekta Nagar.
“I have seen with my own eyes that Bangladeshis have come to steal stone from Majai area with the protection of BSF troops,” said Ban and urged the district council to take immediate action to stop this.
Before I write more about sohniamtra, I would like to explain more about budding.
Sujith, Nongrum and Marak are also Indian players.
That will bring loss to many.
It is only this Government that leads the teachers at various levels.
On this occasion, the KSU Namdong Area Unit is deeply saddened to see that the PHC which has been upgraded to CHC has not received a single doctor. The staff here cannot accept patients because there is no doctor.
Customs are customs because they are accepted by the majority and remain the same.
Ma Pariat said he invited the people to support him and urged the people to elect him and the UDP party to release the coal so that the traders can trade and mine without restrictions.
Speaking to reporters, CoRP President Banpynshai Umbah, Rangkynsai Skhemiew, one of the syiar smugglers, expressed their deep sorrow over the number of people who collect taxes up to 30,000 each. you car kit chicken.
In memory of him, the Seiñ Raij Tuber has erected a monument at Tuber Kmaishnong.
Shillong, July 25: The smuggling of stone by Bangladeshis has been increasing in the border area of ​​India and Bangladesh these days.
He said the General Secretary in charge of Elections Bhupendra Yadav will visit the state next month to open the party office.
Cool for about 10 seconds, rinse and leave to dry or cover with a clean cloth, not a dirty cloth.
The minister said there are 787 workers at the coal mine, which is about 155 miles from Istanbul and so far, 363 people have been rescued.
All these things have happened to the sñiaw-maïa of the religion and the sñiaw-maïa of the country.
before they called upon me, I answered them: while they were yet speaking, I heard" Isaiah 65:18-2
He said that the Society will prepare a Dienshonhi in the Khasi language which explains the meanings of Khasi words and the project is targeted to be completed within three years.
On this occasion, while discussing the issue of demarcation, the residents of the area who belong to different ethnic groups also alleged that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma has misled even in the Legislative Assembly that the decision on the demarcation issue has been taken according to the voice of the people, but in fact the people don't know anything about the decision. It is taken only between the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Assam without the will of the people.
The maintenance of these two buildings is to extend their operations.
The school has received a financial assistance of T.7,00000 for the construction of the school building and has spent more than T.60,00000 lakh for the Pre Primary, L.P. and U.P.School.
Martle Mukhim, Executive Member, will be in charge of the Development and Marriage and Divorce Department while Jambor War, Executive Member, will be in charge of the Market and Fisheries Department. He will be in charge of the Trade Department, Land Development & Education while Bah Victor Ranee, Executive Member will be in charge of the Revenue Collection, Health and Sanitation Department.
At the age of 14, he agreed with his mother to focus on football.
At the same time, we must know and remember that the threat to the Jaitbynriew is also from within, and if one day we become true tree cutters and water carriers of someone else, the reason is because we have done it, like the Gibeonites, we have lied, we have deceived, we have been wise, we have been greedy and selfish.
These days, Satan is working hard to destroy the countries, kingdoms, powers and governments and religions of man because he understands that he doesn't have much time so he is hungry.
These two bowlers caused trouble to the batsmen of Khimusniang and they could not establish their runs.
If any child is infected with Covid-19, the Government is ready to allow him again at another time on another date to be fixed if he can produce a certificate that he is better able to fight the virus. Your exam is not positive for Covid.
In Delhi, 2,137 new cases have been reported today, the highest number of cases in the country, bringing the total number of cases to 36,8 The death toll in Delhi has risen to 1,214 with 71 deaths today.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers Union (AJMRW&LU) together with the All Jaintia Midday Meal Workers Union (AJMMWU) on Saturday held a program on the theme “Lehbha katni, u Kune i, The Morning: The Mynrried of the Sun, The Patein of the Kyllep of the Sdep"
There were allegations of stone throwing from the roof of the house.
PFR Football Academy beat Maiani 2-1 in the semi final of the ATPA Shield Football Tournament held in Jorhat.
During the inspection led by Bah AL Hek, MLA of the Seng in the presence of Bah David Kharsati, one of the leaders of the Party and other party leaders, The operators of this place stop and pick up and pick up passengers by buses coming from outside the state.
ABOUT THIS ACT INTRODUCTION: This Act was first introduced in the Lok Sabha by the ruling NDA government led by the BJP party. This page was approved on 17th September
This was stated by Bah DP Wahlang while addressing the opening ceremony of the 2nd North East Olympic Games 2022 at Pinewood Hotel on Thursday evening.
North Eastern Hills University is looking for 63 Associate Professors and those who wish to apply should apply to the office before 3-09-2 .
The Raid Mawja area, which is only 10-15 km from Pynursla, is still an area that needs Christians from the city to show the true love of God to those people.
The antioxidants in matcha are 14 times higher than the antioxidants in blueberries - they are useful because the antioxidant EGCG in matcha can improve blood pressure, lower cholesterol , prevent cancer and type 2 diabetes, and improve mental health.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) in the state, Thangwang Wangham, today announced the name of the party's General Secretary, Paknga Bage, as the candidate for the Dumporijo constituency. Assembly elections in
In these days, especially on the weekend, the people have flocked to the area to see and touch the helicopters of the army in such exhibitions of the army.
Regarding the ILP, he said it is an issue that has been going on for a long time but the present government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma has made it clear that it cannot implement it. The ILP, which has to be taken to the Parliament, has also given reasons that it will hamper the economic development of the state and affect the tourism industry, said the President. KSU President Samla Daniel said that there are other governments that can implement ILP and not that this same government will wear shirts. On the other hand, have the civil society groups admitted that they have lost or have surrendered to the government?
The office of the Shangpung Unit will fall under the jurisdiction of the KSU Laskein Circle.
Shillong, July 19: The Congress MDC of Pariong, Kong Irin Lyngdoh, has decided not to contest the MDC election to be held on 24th June.
He said that since the beginning, the main issue faced by the KSU is the struggle for the post of mynder ri.
Shillong, Lber 4: A meeting of Chief Executive Members and Political Parties convened by the State Government today has set up a committee to identify the need to empower the Dorbar Shnongs.
Imphal: Former Symbud Chief Minister of Manipur and retired Director General of Police (DGP) Yumnam Joykumar Singh today told India Today that the party The National People's Party (NPP) will have to reconsider its relationship with the BJP in the coming days if peace and order does not return to the state.
Regarding the border area, the Governor said that Meghalaya borders Bangladesh for 444.8 km and out of this 329.7 km has already been signposted and the government has decided to complete the remaining areas. , the government is determined to take all possible measures to curb the illegal entry of people into the state.
The final match of the Santosh Trophy will start at 9 pm at the King Fahd International Stadium, Riyadh.
However, the sad and angry thing is that there are those who take advantage of the situation by going out to trade, going out to gather lymbrum and other prohibited activities.
After the end of the dorbar, the Secretary VEC could not explain and punished him by throwing a tin and writing the words – 'I am a thief of Job Card Rs.17,53,0
He gave this land to his daughters, Iawren and Iawlar.
This was a special day for India as they bagged three gold medals out of 10 athletes on Friday.
From these facts, it can be understood that this court headed by the chiefs does not have the right judgment as it should have and often the decision is given unjustly according to the inability to collect money.
Therefore, on Thursday, a strong team of police and security forces was sent to the city to prevent any tragic incidents from the protest.
He called on the residents of the 13 villages not to chase away those who fled and leave those who fell.
He said the damage has reached 13.94 lakh tyngka out of which 8.79 lakh has already been released and the remaining 5.15 lakh tyngka remains to be paid to these families. sit down for the next meeting.
Shillong: Mawphlang FC on Saturday beat Green Age Club 0-2 in the 4th Division match at Polo Ground.
For decades we have fought in the field without hesitation and we know that other citizens have the spirit to fight for justice and truth.
Pynursla: The President and Secretary, Nikhelson Khongmawloh and Eliphiles Nongrum, have taken this opportunity to announce to all those who wish to take part in the competition. Bah Biggest Lyngdoh, Sordar of Raid Shabong and several political groups, such as KSU, FKJGP Pynursla unit, have canceled the competition.
They also tried to find out who the two ministers are whom the MDA government intends to remove and it was said that one will be from the PDF party and the other may be the HSPDP MLA Bah Samlin. Malngiang who holds the department does not eat or drink.
The meeting was organized by the RSS Dharma Jagaran Samiti last month.
“This is an urgent matter and the state government has been directed to remove all the illegal structures in the riverbank within three months.
When inquired from the residents of this area, it was found that many of the residents of this area do not know about the Coronavirus.
Shillong, June 3: The Congress has sent vigilance to all states to check for theft of Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) to be used for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Anthony Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawiong Umjapung who said that all the residents of the village use the Umshing River especially the laundrymen. The cleanliness of this river so that it will be of benefit to the residents.
She is a pariah but digs deep if she is unclear about anything in a relationship with her husband.
Therefore, the Human Rights Department of the Government of India should strongly condemn the violence against women. The Women Commission, at such times, should raise its own voice and not wait. , I don't have to worry.
If the Government doesn't wake up now, the problem will be for the people.
She said that one in four elderly people who have passed away suffer from this mental illness which includes depression, anxiety and forgetfulness and dementia.
On the establishment of ESMA, Hek said it is the duty of the DC to implement the ESMA against the employees according to the Act.
(2) It proves that Jesus Christ is God.
However, the state electricity department has already introduced load shedding or the extension of the electricity distribution time in the state.
That news is very exciting,” began the mother. “God knows my anxious thoughts because I understand that the burden is too heavy.
All these were confirmed by Bah KP Pangniang, President of the party.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 29: The Northeast Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on Tuesday held a meeting with the Northeast Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) to stop the supply of petrol, diesel and gas to the state. meeting at Circuit House Nongpoh to discuss the issue of ensuring that there will be no shortage of fuel in the state and especially to discuss the threat of suspension of fuel supply to the state.
There are 156 vacancies in Shillong and 15 in Upper Primary.
Also present on the occasion were the Deputy Superintendent of Police, Bah H.Kharkongor, the Chief Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh, the Principal of Synod College, Shillong, Bah Dr.RM Lyngdoh, government employees, members of the Kur Syiemlieh, village leaders, teachers, students and the people of the area.
At the same time, the Union congratulates all the students in their struggles and urges them to work hard so that they can reap the fruits of victory.
In particular, the Mawlai Mawroh Durbar Shnong through the Rangbah Dong of Kseh Bah George E Lyngdoh and the Mawlai Mawroh Youth Association under the leadership of Bah Edward who were present on the night. which happened to the incident.
The 2023 elections in Meghalaya will witness the emergence of independent candidates who will try their luck to win seats in the 60-seat Legislative Assembly.
The creation of this story is also interesting and at the same time it gives a message to the investors that they should be prepared and achieve their dreams, with the support of the Tata AIA.The survey conducted after the launch of the campaign showed that about 96% of the 500 respondents liked the campaign and the message.
Thousands of believers died.
They shouted, 'No Modi, no BJP, no NDA.
No Garo employee has been appointed at the Head Office Shillong in the department.
“I will have to appeal to the Supreme Court on this issue,” she said.
The district authorities of West Jaintia Hills District have imposed a curfew this morning as hundreds of people have gone outside and shops have opened in Iawmusiang, Ladthadlaboh, Iewthymmei and Lad College.
However, due to the fact that the line surveyed earlier was not sufficient, the line had to be changed from the other side of the road.
Earlier, a program was held at Mynkoi Pyrdi, Loompyrdi Iongpiah where Kyrmen Shylla, Minister of State was the chief guest in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Jowai District Governor, Puramon Kynjing, Shangpung District Governor Chanki Langbang. Dolloi Nangbah District Ma RM Garod and others.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Augustine said he is not yet sure whether he will vote in the CEM election. “Boston's claim that it has 16 candidates may be true. “I don't know whether I will vote in the CEM election or not,” said Augustine. When asked why he hesitated, whether he has any intention of leaving the party, said Augustine. “I am still an MDC of the NPP but I am not sure whether I will go to the polls,” he said.
There was also a forced detention of Nepalis in the quarter of the office and after they were removed, it was learned that the former Rangbah Shnong had authorized them and even during the outbreak of Covid-1 They faced many problems even though the area is a government area and they came back to mushli by the village authorities and the village youth.
In his speech, Bah LG Nongsiej said that he will continue to leave the HSPDP and it is clear from his speech that he loves the party. Hopingstone Lyngdoh was next to him and said that if he had to leave the party as soon as the mid-term election ticket was announced, he would have left but he did not.
Remember that in the past, our population did not increase, because from time to time our ancestors died from many diseases – without preventive measures or medicine to heal as it is now.
However, when Khasi men instead of speaking against women even if they don't agree with them, they express themselves with dirty and degrading words, what message do we give to the world? yours? If an outsider sees such a behavior of ours, it will be a laughingstock and a disgrace to our daughters.
Shangpliang said that yesterday, the Committee went to Nongpoh to investigate the reason for the delay in the case. On the 15th July 2020, a complaint has been lodged against the house of this child, but the police have not yet arrested anyone. don kti in this work.
Marme M Sangma's ability to score many runs and also to perform well in the ball helped the South Garo Hills District Cricket Association to secure the victory by 57 runs against Tura DCA on the second day. The Meghalaya Cricket Association's U-19 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament was held at Salpara in North Garo Hills on Friday.
She concluded by saying that the IPC is related to many bloodshed laws but the use of the MPDA and MMPO is a border law and a corrupt government.
Walinda also told her mother that she was going to take part in horse riding in the evening at the school, her father recalled.
However, this does not mean that if the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are recognized, Hindi or English can no longer be spoken in the Legislative Assembly.
In the Lower Division, Mebanker Hayong (Namrhen Ryntih SC) was named Best Player, Foremos Mannar (Youth Fellow Club Trangblang SC) was named Best Goalkeeper and Sanki Mukhim (Amlanai SC) was named Top Goal Scorer.
Dr. Mukul Sangma also slammed the Chief Minister for saying that the opposition is stupid.
Speaking to media on Monday evening, the Minister said that the state government has found that these seven districts which have the highest number of drug users and traffickers include East Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi, West Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills and South Garo Hills.
There are still many villages which do not have roads.
The cold storage at the junction of the National Highway, Nongstoin-Rongjeng and Mawngap-Mawsynram road is visible from the road but we don't know who built it and who owns it.
Earlier, James K Sangma said the proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled is still pending in the Parliamentary Standing Committee of the Rajya Sabha.
The time has come for us to have leaders who look after the nation first and the VPP party has a strong hope for the nation”.
The works of the jams shall be destroyed and destroyed because of those who are foolish and wicked.
"However, the Father of the day has accused Bah Adelbert of being a fanatic and has forgotten that he is a political fanatic and a democracy fanatic at the same time, even though he is a priest. .
While the flag raising ceremony was going on, the leaders of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (ETWA) met with the Minister of State for Transport, Bah HDR Lyngdoh to submit a letter to him. to their demands.
According to Sangma, this meeting will be an opportunity to enrich traditional knowledge.
Concerning this Third Temple, God has not commanded any king to build it or any man, because it is the work of the devil and Satan, and the desire of the Jews to get back to the Temple to offer sacrifices as in ancient times.
For the 22nd & 23rd Sohlab A & B Polling Station, the polling station will be held on the 18th from 9 am to 12 noon, for the 25th and 25th Saikarap Polling Station, the polling station will be held on the same day from 1 pm. morning until 4 pm.
He said that the generators have been distributed to 11 Zones of the Constituency under the supervision and management of the Seng Leaders in the Zones.
Speaking to reporters after the inspection, Bah Phidis Syrling, Lyngdoh of the Raid, Bah Shanbor Nongmalieh, Basan of the Raid and Bristar Syrling, Lyngdoh of the Raid. Lyngdoh Khynnah and other Rangbah Shnongs, said that since the establishment of the Raid Sohkhwai, the working methods within the Raid have been going smoothly and the mutual respect between the Kurs within the Raid has been well established.
We would like to extend our special thanks to the MLA who has seen the vision of these villages without delay.
These include 7 cases in Golflink, 10 cases in Jail Road, 5 cases in Laitumkhrah, 4 cases in Mawbah, 4 cases in Mawlai, 6 cases in Mawngap, 8 cases in Mawnianglah, 5 cases in Mawpat, 5 cases in Nongmynsong, 7 cases in Nongthyrim. , 7 cases in Pynursla, 5 cases in Upper Shillong.
He was also one of the jury members of the recently concluded ISSF World Cup Rifle/Pistol Bhopal
Shillong, Lber 13: The Congress government led by Dr. Mukul Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has violated the rules and regulations of the District Council by sending another name to the Governor of the State to become an MDC.
Orida Lato, Branch Manager of MCAB, Jowai Branch said that MCAB has conducted training in many places on money laundering and money laundering.
“It should be left to the free will of the state governments to decide whether to accept or not if the CAB is introduced,” he said.
During the inspection, the Executive Engineer, PHE, Electrical Division, Paul Synnah admitted that the water level has been low and this is due to the development of construction work along the Myntdu River.
: To regulate the use of natural resources for the benefit of all indigenous peoples and citizens, not for the benefit of a few profiteers who do not care about future generations.
Speaking to Mawphor, Bah Smiling said that in his composing of more than hundreds of election songs, only the VPP has honored him after the end of the election.
He said that from time to time they have informed the authorities and the leader of the area about the shortcomings of the PHC but no one has listened to them. the demands of the party who are the voice of the suffering masses.
Shillong, Nailur 29: U Minister of State for DoNER, G.Kishan Reddy today launched the 5G Applications in seven states of the North East including Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh. It was held at Tech City, Bongora, Guwahati, Assam.
Only Kong Rona Khymdeit and Bah HS Shylla agreed with the party to withdraw their support from the PDF. The party will punish these four MDCs, these four MDCs will face a dark future if they don't change their minds to join the party and their struggle against the decision of the party. The Central Executive Committee (CEC) has shown that they are scheme-fool and scheme-fool,” said Bah Bindo.
Those who are members of the NPP are all Suri kup snieh I ang brot, it is time to take up arms to defend our country and not to wait to be ordered or forced here and there, all the scientific tricks of If the state government speaks the Holy Language, it doesn't do anything better than Judas.
Shillong, November 01: The Archbishop of the KJP Synod, Pastor NS Phawa, on Tuesday said that the Aadhaar number has nothing to do with the Bible of the Christian Church and the Christian community should not misunderstand it.
Khliehmawlieh Youth Club and Rangdajied United FC are ready to compete for the title for the first time in the Meghalaya State League
In this fight, Kom trainer Charles Atkinson did not qualify for the Olympic Village because he does not have an International Boxing Association (AIBA) 3 Star Certification.
After the meeting with the CM, Dr Nonglait said that the Minister has promised to look into this demand and will direct the relevant department to take action. which is necessary.
They were taken to the Shillong-Sohra road with the help of Meghalaya Police to find the body of Shankari Dey.
At the same time, he also mentioned the delay in the completion of one of the tourist projects at Jingkieng Kalong which has been built at a high cost since last season.
I don't get any answers," she said.
education, www.awakening.com.
Shillong, Nailur, 20: Three robbers involved in the theft of motorcycles and two wheelers from different parts of the state have been arrested by the Sohra Police Station.
On the same day, the Minister also announced that on the 7th of November, the Crowborough Hotel, the new Taj Vivanta Hotel, will be inaugurated on the 7th of November. city.
As witnessed, youths from Assam every Sunday come in groups as friends to spend time riding scooties and bikes and as witnessed, their visits are actually true. It's just a pleasure for friends to drive Scooty and Bikes, but many times when you look at others outside, it's a terrible experience where their Scooty or Bike driving is too much.
The lack of trading license for foreigners, GST is a barrier to trade especially for those who are trying to stand on their own feet (self employed), the failure of departments to check FSSAI licences, foreign shops, restaurant etc ,.
According to the information received, the child fell into a newly dug toilet bowl which was filled with water but the dusters of the toilet covered it with tins to avoid injuries. However, this morning, they went back to continue the excavation of the well and they cleaned up the words. However, while they were drinking before continuing their work, they suddenly received information that what had happened. the accident happened while they were in the store.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District said that after cleaning the ground and the hand, vehicles have been allowed to pass through this road.
In the same letter, Sanbor said that the Meghalaya government in 1973 passed the Meghalaya Town and Planning Act 1973 with the aim of improving the welfare of urban areas in the state. .
“Bah Kharlyngdoh has tried to attack by demanding to discuss the issues of the KSU Mawlai Circle which was not on the agenda during the General Executive Council (GEC).
In connection with this incident, the police on receiving a tip rushed to the forest to take the bodies of these four persons.
The film shows the love story of a Muslim man and a Hindu girl, whom they met on a pilgrimage to Kedarnath.
Jowai, June 19: U OR Challam, one of the leaders of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), on Tuesday at Stand Ummulong, Iawmusiang, Jowai, on the issue of the implementation of the Roster System and the Reservation Policy of the State Government.
According to media reports, there are more than 30 illegal toll gates in Ri-lum Khasi alone which collect illegal money from passing trucks.
On the 22nd July 2019, the residents led by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Bose Swell Khongthohrem, gathered together to remove these stones.
Mumbai: A cow car, specially designed to carry Congress leaders, collided today during a march of Congress leaders in Mumbai to protest against the sharp hike in petrol prices. , diesel in the state.
“The Goldstone Cement Ltd, located in Moo Sianglamare, East Jaintia Hills, has not been able to pay the money even after being reminded many times,” said Rai in his complaint.
God has given us many kinds of food, fruits and vegetables, which we have seen and eaten every season, we don't lose all these things, oh thank God.
Others have worked day and night to buy two or four shaka for easy travel, especially for those who have their own households and children.
Should the centers of SSLC Examination hold the final and fill up the forms for all the students who want to take the SSLC final or should private candidates not be allowed to appear for the final SSLC Examination because there is no Private Examination? Selection test is available this year.
The Trekking and Adventure Group Dkhiah West on Saturday conducted a trek from Dkhiah West to Shangpung.
If so, how long will the gap in Meghalaya be filled? I would like to ask whether it is the Khasi custom that a man must follow a woman in marriage? And if the woman follows the man, whose side will be the leadership of the agreement? The language is the shape of the nation.
The killings and harassment on social media have been terrible.
The DGP said that the rioters have arrived in Tura since the 23rd and when they came to the rally, they came in small numbers and carried kyiad, money because there was a distribution of money. stone, wood and so on.
“We need to have strong laws, because if we talk about the increase in prices of food and beverages, I feel that a freight train will be necessary to bring it back and if a freight train comes back, it should There are strong laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners,” said Bah Mayralborn.
In the second half, the Cultural Youth Club won the toss and chose to field first.
On the other hand, u Sungoh urged the Rangbah Shnongs to monitor the illegal trade of foreigners and empowered them to close down if they find such illegal shops of foreigners and also to inform. to the office, so that the necessary action can be taken.
Before the start of the race, Additional Deputy Commissioner WR Kharbuli in the presence of Assistant Director Sports and District Sports Officer Khroobok Passah, WJDSA Working President EMH Passah and others launched the flag.
Any violation in respect of this order shall be dealt with strictly and prosecuted according to law.
It is a source of income for some who no longer have the ability to think for those who are poor and suffering who have been severely affected by this lockdown.
“When they reach the Grand Final, the children will get support from this competition,” she said, expressing the hope that Steve and Amit will work hard to bring honor to the Academy. and the State as a whole.
This is also part of the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program of the Government.
Due to the ongoing maintenance of the Umiam Bridge section (Damsite) which has resulted in vehicles having to park a long queue on both sides of the bridge.
The SSC held a meeting today to discuss the state of law and order in the state and the performance of the police force in the state.
So God threw them out of heaven.
The Yatra is a sign of progress towards achieving this goal through the provision of information and empowerment to the people of the country to participate in the economic development of the country.
Medical XI has qualified for the semifinals after beating MeECL 3-1 in the 8th U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Inter Office Football Tournament organized by the Meghalaya State Employees' Federation (MSGEF). The tournament will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Friday.
These schemes introduced by the BJP government under the leadership of Narendra Modi include the poor housing scheme, water supply scheme, electricity scheme, NREGS scheme, among others.
The authorities have evacuated about 66,000 residents of the area and relocated them to safer temporary shelters. .
The tournament, which is held once every four years, will start at 1:30 pm on the 12th of this month which is also the night of the 13th of July.
In an interim order, the Supreme Court has ruled that the Rangbah Shnongs can work as usual for six months before announcing a final decision.
In the second match, which was played at 12.30 pm, Nangkiew Irat Sports Club beat Madanryting Sports Club 4-0
In a letter to the Chairman of the PCF, Allan F Dkhar, Secretary of the PCF Campaign Committee, said that the PCF has been requested to reconsider its decision.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, a manager at Iewdielang said that the price of tyrpad leaves has reached T.37 per kilo while the price of tyrpad has reached T.35 per kilo.
Priyanka Shah complained that she was stabbed with a stone in the throat and injured herself. Ronipal L Nonglait (23), Ordinal Shabong (30), Welphishal L Lyngkhoi (21) and Mansniang (23 years old).
After this, the karate athletes will continue to train to prepare for the 5th Meghalaya Games to be held next month in Tura.
It is up to our knowledge to adjust our thinking and shape it with good knowledge.
All liquor shops, IMFL shops, bars, hotels, canteens, CA bars, out stills/bonded warehouses will be closed on this day.
Centuries later, this Jesus, whom Isaiah saw and announced as a human being, was actually born, became a blood priest like a human being.
He said that he will contest against the UDP and after the elections, he will return to the UDP. I will go back to my party, it will be easier for me because two or three leaders who oppose me are outside,” he said.
The authors are officers of the Press Information Bureau, Government of India.
This was also supported by the majority of the members of the Council at the meeting held on 19th June
The visit of the Union Minister in charge of Electricity and Heavy Industries, Krishan Pal Gujjar to Nongpoh, Meghalaya has revealed that there is no order from the Ministry of Power to relocate the office from Shillong. and Officers will have to work from Shillong.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 60 new cases have been confirmed and the number of active cases in the state has risen to
MEMRIWU Spokesperson Bah Roypar Kharraswai said that the State Government allocates not less than T.12 crore annually to GVK to run the EMRI but the company since They also steal money for their own benefit and this has affected the working methods.
Shillong, Nailur, 12: The Hindu State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma urging the Government of Meghalaya together with the three Autonomous Districts. The ADC has not allowed the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (EKHCA) together with the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) will hold a training program for girls under 22 years of age from the 21st of this month to the 6th of June.
I would also like to extend my special greetings to Mr. OR Challam, President, Mr. Puramon Kynjing, District Doloi, Jowai and Mr.
“Unity is strength” Through this statement from Bah Mutshwa Thabah president HFU-WJH, the HFU-WJH requests all the farmers to take the time to attend this meeting, so that the demands of the HFU-WJH can be met. and they that are above are those that are not.
In the final of the U-17 men's category, Rymbai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School beat Wapung Higher Secondary School 2-1
The purpose of this program is to train and guide the students of the area on employment opportunities through the tourism sector which is one of the sectors that has increased from time to time through employment. income of the residents.
The World Health Organization (WHO) today warned that the use of medicines in homes or on roads is useless, as it does not kill the coronavirus. .
Lamphrang Kharbani, while confirming the office bearers, said that HANM is an organization that stands on the basis of protecting its fellow citizens and as an organization it will not stand idly by and will fight for the cause of the jaidbynriew.
Isa 28:1, “Woe unto them, the crown of their glory, and their beauty, shall fall, while they live, they shall stand upon the top of the fat valley, overcome with wine.
Shillong: The rainfall in Sohra town, today, has reached 214.6mm.
When the Minister calls us together, we are happy to work together on this issue.
Speaking to reporters, Ernest said, “I have informed the party leaders in Delhi but we will see in these days”.
It is also a very old school and it is a great loss to the children, the school, the church and the society as a whole,” he said.
At present, the salary we receive is not regular because those who hire households in urban areas have a higher salary and as set by the union, those who work in remote areas. “From the city, the bill has been lower and this is due to the government's lack of recognition of the domestic workers,” said Kong Wanpynhun.
“We want the ultimate peace which should be freedom and justice while accepting and respecting the feelings and wishes of the people of Hynniewtrep as one.
“We have 168 Lower Primary Schools with less than 10 students, while Upper Primary Schools have 101 according to the figures released by the Ministry of Education,” he said.
At the same time, Article 370 of the Constitution was amended and Kashmir has a special status in the Constitution of India.
The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday expressed suspicion that the closure of trucks carrying goods is to conceal the transportation of coal, and not to ensure safety.
The UCC (Uniform Civil Code) or the 'Uniform Civil Code', which has been discussed in recent times, is the Government of India's current BJP. Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah intend to implement it across India.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said there has been an agreement between Dr Mukul Sangma and the BJP but he does not know how.
It is learned that the Umkhrah River has also flooded this evening due to the heavy rainfall in the city.
Earlier, even the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, said that the Council will not issue NOC at all for the mining of uranium.
In a statement sent to the media, Bah Nongrum reminded that according to the census submitted to the Government, there are only 184 households recognized as Government employees.
The college will provide training for under graduate courses in the Art Stream.
He said that his daughter-in-law used to go to school as usual and came home after school but what surprised the family was that Phibankyntiew had disappeared. I went home without knowing the reasons.
Ribhoi and West Goaro Hills won the bronze medals.
The group was led by Bah.
The number of cases in Brazil has risen to 218,223 and the death toll to 14,8
“Because the government has not responded to the demands of the 13 organizations, the KNGCSU has not responded to the demands of the KNGCSU. The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Arun Kumar Kembhavi and the Additional Superintendent of Police, Shemphang Syrti, who ordered the police to throw bombs, sticks and water shots at the KNGC youths until they were injured. They also demanded compensation to all the injured students, and also to drop an FIR against the students and civil society organizations lodged by the District authorities”.
New Delhi, Lber 08 : The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today addressed the Post Budget Webinar on Health and Medical Research.
Before this day, the Doloi, the Langdoh, the Pator, the Sangot, the Wasan and the Kñi of the Phra Kur Phra Kmai are the Dihsoopen at the Langdoh's house and the Kbai Mooknor. before the king's market, before the merchants and the merchants.
They also expressed the insult to the Karbi community especially since the emergence of armed groups in the area and the Assam government has been too biased.
Family members said that Anthony is well now and has been ordered to return to the court and has been banned from taking part in any insulting activities and speeches. community.
The Union Ministry in the letter has referred to the Supreme Court's order regarding the need to conduct NEET based on the CBSE syllabus to allocate seats in the MBBS seat course according to the Central pool, he said, adding that the state government is examining the letter.
Therefore, I request the Government to take immediate action to improve this signboard on the border,” he said.
Officials of the department said that they have already sent the same to the three Autonomous District Councils (ADCs) and are waiting after the election to meet face to face with the ADC authorities to talk to them. to receive comments on this much-needed policy.
The meeting was attended by Forwardman Nongrem, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Pauldeep Tongwah, President KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, Plosborlin Kharjahrin, Environment Secretary of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. KSU South West Khasi Hills District and other members of the KSU.
Evangel Lartang, a pharmacist and mother of a daughter, has won the title of Mrs. North East India
Jowai, November 16: The Executive Committee of the Khliehmushut Shangpung Dorbar Shnong has expressed its deep sorrow over the delay in the construction of the Pasyih-Garampani Road. The deterioration of the road from Phramer to Garampani has caused many problems to the people especially in the illness of the people of the area.
Meghalaya Police Chief Dr. LR Bishnoi, Director General of Police, Meghalaya was also present as the chief guest. S Pasleiñ, DSP Ribhoi, Dr. RM Manih, Principal UCC, PO, NSS, and other senior officers from the police department, teachers and students.
He also directed the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilsah Baranwal, who was present on the occasion, to put it on the Tourist Map of Meghalaya and to talk to the Director of Tourism to include the Cla. ,rin-23 Resort on the Map so that people can know this Resort.
On a question on the implementation of the ILP in the state, the CM said that the ILP is a step to help curb the illegal entry of mynder, but there are other ways. practical ways to address these concerns of many churches.
How many poor people have become rich from the coal mined, but we don't count since the ban on coal mining.
Dr Mukul said that many of those who died of COVID-19 died before reaching the hospital, the reason was that the sick were transported by public ambulances. In the fight against COVID-19, he said.
The HYC said that this incident is unacceptable and urged the Meghalaya government to monitor this incident together with Bihar to ensure that the robbers involved in this incident are arrested. they shall be punished according to the law.
The UHM has not warned or warned any individual or group, but the UHM has warned the District Council that if anything happens inside the village, the UHM will not be responsible.
Regarding the health sector in the constituency, he has worked hard to bring in the CHC. Pyniaid promised that if the people give their full support and elect him, the The MLA scheme of T2.5 crore in the remaining years will be for the people, which will be implemented for the benefit of the people in this area.
Rev. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, SDB and his intelligent followers, have warned that the Hynniewtrep people will be destroyed by the Nepali poetry.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday launched an online payment system for the payment of Professional Tax.
A total of 53 players including nine players from Nagaland, Mizoram, Tripura and Arunachal Pradesh attended the coaching camp.
In a few decades we will be ready to follow.
The celebration was held at Polo Ground from 9.00 am to 12.00 pm with the participation of many girls. The celebration concluded with the awarding of the title to the Umthli Secondary School Girls Team which won the title of the Reliance Foundation Youth Sports Tournament held in Mumbai.
Before the start of the match, a short meeting was held by Bah Renolricky Iawphniaw, Sports Secretary KSU Mawkyrwat Circle. Hamlet Dohling who was the chief guest in the presence of the people and some members of the KSU. The 2nd Inter School Mawpoiñ Tug of War Competition 2023 was held at MDSA Nonglang in the presence of Bah T.Lyngwa Deputy Commissioner SWKHD. Also present were Bah Damang Syngkon DSO SWKHD and other government officials.
“If the government does not fix the price of tuition fees, the People's College will change its mind and become like a political college,” said the JSM in a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui. Awarding ceremony for students who passed well in SSLC, HSSLC held at Tpeppale, Jowai.
If you don't like it, add a little sugar or fish.
Shillong, July 9: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said in the House that the government has suspended the distribution of ration for about 10 years due to the suspension of the central government since July. last year.
The meeting was conducted by former Waheh Shnong HB Lanong and the activities and Audit Report of the village during the year were also presented.
If we don't open our eyes and live our lives, instead of politics, the way to save us will become a poison to kill us.
“But now we come to you, to remove this clear image of the NPP, before the 2023 election they said don't vote for the NPP, by accusing 40 races, just to defame the NPP now in power. “It's not the NPP's fault that this allegation has been fulfilled,” he added.
Speaking to media after the inspection, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar expressed his satisfaction that the construction of this hostel will be a blessing for the youth of the area especially the youth. of the villages in the war zones to come and stay with the intention of continuing their education in the schools in this more central area and by staying in such places they will be able to escape. from many of the factors that contribute to partial graduation.
The Pastor said that there has been a strong protest in the country against this request of the government and the matter has reached the Supreme Court but fortunately it has been resolved. He said the Supreme Court has issued its order that everyone can apply for the Aadhaar number only if they have their own will but they should not be forced anywhere.
The leader of the Lum Garo Students Union (SUSU) said that if the government wants, it should arrest all the leaders of the union who have sworn to fight against the illegal entry of foreigners. pictures of this state.
Instead of the city (east) there is a large and bright thwei where there are boats and along the river there is a beautiful river beach where the people tourists are very eager to visit.
In addition to the above, there is another part of the land which is very important; that is what is called organic matter, the dead living body.
Police have been sent to investigate the allegation from the villagers who said that they found that in Gilagora village, garden trees were cut down with lyngkhot nar (SP News agency).
I sent you yesterday, didn't I...” Lano replied, “Yes... But I said it was night.
Katie, who has been in a relationship with Jamie for 6 years, was surprised to learn that he has been in critical condition for a month. but I hope that he will have a healthy body in the future.
“Many parts of the NH-6 under Wapungskur village are often flooded during the rainy season and also flow into the balconies of houses and into places where water should not flow. “It is due to the lack of water tanks which have already been constructed on this road which has caused problems to the residents,” said the Waheh Shnong.
He also explained to the public that on behalf of the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, he has promised to fight hard as much as possible to get a stadium in Mawshynrut constituency. young people will be able to use them in sports activities.
In the Zone 1 Group A match at Umbuda Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi started the match by tied hotly at 6.57 runs per over and scored 184/8 in 28 overs.
Shillong: Meghalaya Women's Team beat Manipur by four wickets in Group A of the Women's U-23 T20 League in Kochi.
The Finance Department and the Planning Department have been entrusted with the preparations for this, he said.
The CCIB has convened the meeting after the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) revived the NOC issued since November 2015 which was canceled in 2017 to allow the government to proceed with the erection of signboards. or the IBBF (Indo-Bangladesh Border Fencing) from Jaliakhola (BP-No.1299) to Dawki (BP No.1273) which borders the State with Bangladesh.
The two sides agreed to make peace, to forget what happened in the past years and to start a new relationship for the benefit of the village.
“It is not useful for you MLA supporters to explain IPC 499 and 500, but you have forgotten Article 19(1)a of the Constitution which speaks of our freedom of expression. Why do you have to explain to Arun Jaitley or Arvind Kejriwal when you don't even know the truth in Nongstoiñ? “It's a good idea to go to Delhi and this shows that you still misunderstand as you have expressed through the media,” said Marngar. The MLA has already issued a legal notice and has already gone through a defamation case.
Sangleiñ said he had met with the government officials, but they replied that they did not have the means to help improve the road.
The residents of the village said.
The next match will be on the 3rd of this month between United Youth FC and Laban SC. Shillong: MLP Veteran and Umpling SC have scored three points after winning the PFR Veteran Cup on Saturday. long yesterday at Malki Square.
Shillong, Jymmang, 03: The Minister of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar, on Tuesday said that the time will come when the State Government will have no choice but to implement the Rules of Law to get garbage dumps. across the State.
Shillong: The old traditional dance, the Nongkrem dance, has ended in the capital of the old kingdom, Smit, amidst joy and happiness.
However, there are still many attempts by the people of the Assam government to take land.
The Jews in Israel still keep this Sabbath law.
Shillong: In a statement, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for planting an IED bomb at the NPP office in Lachumiere, but did not detonate it.
Sangma, who was on duty at the District Jail, Shillong, died shortly afterwards while Marak, who was in the vehicle, was injured in the accident. He was admitted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Secretary, MDoNER, Lok Ranjan in his speech, said that the meeting will bring ideas and opportunities to open up tourism in the North East.
Destardland Kharlyngdoh spoke about the Nonglang Community Nursery which was launched in June, 2017 on an area of ​​1080 Sq.
Senior Advocate of the Meghalaya High Court, Bah VGK Kynta, launched the book titled “Meghalaya Boundary, Reorganization Act, 1971” at a meeting held at Shillong Press Club on Friday.
We have to follow the rules according to the law," he said.
He discipled her every weekend and walked with her and lived in the shadow of the fame and glory she received in the city.
The talks, it is reported, did not reach any conclusion after many hours.
The Archbishop of Mawlai, Father Roland Kharkrang SDB, in his welcome speech, said that it is a pleasure that the parish has taken up this issue and in the past 75 years God has blessed us. was equal to the children of the Church and the work.
Heiyoo Ryngkhlem 40 runs off 29 balls, Dathrang Pariat 38 runs off 43 balls and Kunemiki Lato 16 runs off 14 balls. Timi Ryngkhlem took 4 wickets in 7 overs and Peter Nongtdu took 2 wickets in 7 overs.
The Riewlum students said, “If your ship doesn't sink, where will you go?
During the discussion, the Governor spoke on many issues related to the Integrated Check Post at Dawki, the role of the Custom Department and other central government agencies such as the Central Exercise. Department and the implementation of many schemes of the Central Government such as PMAY, MGNRERS, SSA, PM-POSHAN, NHM, PMGSY and many other schemes of the Central Government.
He said Tibet wants to resolve the issue in a peaceful manner through dialogue.
Referring to the Pradhan Minister Jan Arogya Yojana (PMJAY) Meghalaya, he said that there are 18 lakh beneficiaries and about 5 lakh cards have been distributed.
Thank you for your support when such things happen.
They didn't sylla, they didn't come with Bah shylla, they didn't come with Bah shylla.
Once again, the forest will be destroyed.
Nongpoh: In order to give their full support and victory to Dasakhiatbha Lamare, the NPP candidate from Mawhati Constituency, about 14,000 people of Mawhati Constituency, today turned out from the Mawhati Constituency. They went to Madan Mawhati to witness the public meeting held by Dasakhiatbha Lamare at the village.
Dr. Nongsiej has been appointed as the In-charge Principal from June to June, 2022 and has been appointed as the Full Principal of Sngap Syiem College from 1st November. , 2022.
He said that there is also a committee comprising the Hima Mawphlang which will be with the state government and will prepare the requirements to hand over to the government according to the customs and traditions.
There are many stories that encourage us Khasi such as that thlen who eats only the Khasi, to hate the bishni and to point fingers only at fellow Khasi and so on.
This immoral dress is one of the causes of evil.
Isn't this a violation of democracy? Therefore, I agree with the VPP's intention to take this issue to the people and explain to them how this MDA government is. .2 aims to employ public funds.
Hearing the petition, the Division Bench comprising the Chief Justice and Justice Pamidighantam Sri Narasimha, said that the petition of the lawyer under Article 32 of the Constitution of India, it is a misuse of the court.
“About 70,000 people are now employed in various jobs and this will increase to 1 lakh in the coming years,” said Conrad. to address unemployment and to create an environment by creating employment opportunities.
“God so loved the world”- Love is the essence of God and the Bible teaches that we cannot love God unless we love our neighbor- “If anyone says that he is If anyone loves God, he is a liar...” (1 John 4:20).
These facts have been revealed and seen, should we just sit idly by; Whether it is white or short or tall, we will demand the right to be our right. 12.60 percent of others have studied Doctor Engineering, While percent of us are on the waiting list; Those who are willing and accept it, are selfish and corrupt.
A 45-year-old woman who was injured in an accident and needs assistance has been able to get emergency treatment after a group on social media via 'WhatsApp' ' she has donated as much as she can for this good cause.
Mawkyrwat, Naitung, 14: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples of South West Khasi Hills District has strongly condemned a robber who raped a child aged 1 year and 8 months. It is a village in South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to Rupang, Dr Bom said, “The government spends a lot of money on agriculture”.
Two new buildings including the Commerce Building and the Girls Hostel were also inaugurated on the occasion. important.
For those who wish to participate, the registration and registration process is to register online by scanning the QR Code which is placed on the Flyers and Banners.
The man is about 50-56 years old and has a height of 5.4 feet.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah MK Kharmudai encouraged the youth to continue to grow in this field and to be an example to other youth that it is not just a job. government which can save the youth in these days of unemployment, but to stand on their own feet is the hope and encouragement of many unemployed youth.
Before visiting the school, the Minister visited two schools in Sohra, St John Girls School Sohra and Maurice Patrick King Memorial Secondary School in Laitryngew. She spoke to the students of these two schools.
We have seen that the political parties like the National Parties like the Congress, BJP and others want the railway to reach the state and have fought hard from time to time to convince the people to accept it and to Break down the fear by giving the reason that if the railway line comes, it will affect the price of goods and so on.
Those who have been involved in the Umngi River have now been smuggled to Bangladesh.
In the inspection today, KHNAM, in the presence of officers of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), found that there are many foreign workers who do not have Labor License, EPIC and other documents to prove citizenship of India.
He said that the State Government, in its own right, is working hard to fight against insurgency in the State and to restore peace.
The Bangladesh Doctors Foundation (BDF) says there are 170 doctors working in private or government hospitals who have tested positive for the coronavirus across the country. other.
What does the MLA of Khliehriat Constituency who is also a Minister in the government do in this regard? While the paid u phlang is increasingly struggling in this area, what is the MLA doing to fill the shortcomings in this hospital? How sad it is that we can witness the negligence and unnecessaryness of this Government especially in relation to the settlement of the border between the state and Assam in causing tragic incidents to the people. our border area at all times.
Shillong, Naitung 19: The State Government has announced that those who wish to drink kyiad must be at least 21 years of age and those under this age cannot drink and if found guilty they will be punished.
These families of the Nongdhar clan have also expressed their sorrow, especially that after the killing of three members of their family, the family members have not received even the bodies of them. The body was taken from the Civil Hospital to the crematorium at Mawbah.
They apply for epic, they apply for ration card, aadhaar and gradually they become villagers,” said Bah Latiplang.
After collecting some of the donation in a short period of time, they went to hand it over with the hope that it will be of help to these families even though the donation is small.
Sharma said three other women had told her about MJ Akbar's hands.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) of Barak Valley in Assam has filed a complaint in the Assam High Court against the government's failure to recognize the Khasi as Schedule Tribe (ST). 3 districts in Barak Valley of Assam.
Mylliem will witness the contest between incumbent MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh of the Congress, Teilinia Thangkhiew of the HSPDP and Bah Hamlet Dohling of the PDF and others.
If you have any questions or concerns, please contact the recruitment board by calling 6033164273 during office hours or sending an e-mail to policecetrg-meg@gov.
May we be wise to trust the discoveries of scientists in India and the world.
Jomsing Pariat scored the first goal for Mookyndur SC in the 90th minute by beating Mukhla Evergreen 1-0 +6.
The celebration of this special day falls under the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program which aims to eradicate the disease in India.
We are surprised that the District Council Government or MDCs have listened and have not complained to the Governor against this attempt of the Meghalaya Government to take away power from the District Councils.
I call on the residents of Gaza: Leave now, because we will strike hard anywhere," he tweeted.
“On my part as a leader, we can no longer just listen, that's enough...I feel that the Government should take action that within 15 days we should see some signs of change. in this regard,” said Bah Nongrum on Tuesday.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the All India Congress Committee (AICC) Manish Chatrath on Friday admitted that many of the leaders in the country who have left the Congress party want to return. pat sha you party.
It can also be said that the candidate in this case has been thrown into the bag of Indian crabs. An MDA leader said that the candidate for the candidate in this election The Lok Sabha is only a friendly shop at the Palace in Motphran or the Delhi Mistan in Lad.
While visiting the family, the MLA of Nongpoh, also donated food items to the family, which is also a donation to the family, especially when one of the victims. You have been diagnosed with COVID-1
There are 145 members to form the government.
The Inter School Athletic Meet started on 11th June 2022 and ended on 13th June 2022, with the participation of 17 schools from all over West Jaintia Hills District, in the three categories of Under-14, 16 and 18 for boys and girls.
He also mentioned the need for about 500 doctors through the medical recruitment board within two months.
KHADC employees said that before the KSU members entered the KHADC, the CEM was inside his office, but he had received information about the KSU's intention to turn to the KHADC. The CEM said that the KSU members arrived in the morning. After the KSU members left the KHADC grounds, they arrived in the evening. u Bah Pynshngaiñ with two policemen.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out whether the 11 persons arrested are really members involved in the formation of this new group.
The announcement further said that by slaughtering the Masi, it will bring emotional richness and promote individual and collective happiness.
The plane left Jorhat at 12.25 pm and was able to talk to the airline authorities at 1 pm and after that, it disappeared.
We are now in the 21st century where women are equal in intellectual power to men; they work as engineers, doctors, nurses, school and college teachers; officers in government offices and in various companies.
Meghalaya will play against Mizoram on Tuesday.
The letter was handed over to the Chief Executive Member, JHADC, Thombor Shiwat in the presence of EM JHADC Phasmon Dkhar on Tuesday.
Bah Bok in his heart was proud of his wife even though she asked him about anything but he respected her as the head of the household.
“It will be a Climate Museum-cum-Centre where students can come and gather information and observe the various forms of climate change happening in the region. , in the State, in the country and around the world," he said.
If the people of Shella want change, they should be wise to elect politicians who have the right to compassion and understand the problems of this area.
There are many ways and roads if you take care of it,” said Hiram and he reached Laitumkhrah. HiramWhen the passengers got off, Hiram went to a small shop.
This was after the government ordered to ban vehicles from passing through the Dwar Ksuid Bridge and also the order of the Meghalaya High Court to carry more than 20 tonnes due to the inability of the vehicles to pass through the Dwar Ksuid Bridge. Umiam Dam bridge passing through Shillong.
He added that a Helpline will also be set up for the residents so that they can lodge their complaints regarding the implementation of the food supply. you bag bam.
The government's decision to build the talasi mynder gate at this place has surprised not only the political parties, but also the residents of the district as a whole.
He said that he has just returned from Garo Hills and is expected to get 14 MLAs from Garo Hills while 22 MLAs from Khasi-Jaintia Hills. There are 36 people in all.
Nongpoh: Police in Assam through Jorabat Police Outpost, this morning, seized a large quantity of Ganja from a truck number HR-38T-2913, which was carrying Ganja from Manipur. with the intention of reaching Guwahati.
The Meghalaya Lokayukta Act was passed in 2014 in the Legislative Assembly in October.
O R Shallam January 6, 2023 At this time when the state is preparing for the Five Year Examination of Public Leaders, how beautiful it is to see the hard work of the candidates to stand and compete with them. their preparation.
Young boys Derik Kongwang scored the first goal in the 20m and Rijid Shylla scored the second goal in the 55m from Muktapur.
The MDCs didn't have time to discuss and look into the laws of the Hima Mylliem, but they just made the Hima Mylliem just like an ATM for their money and if they need money they will take it from the Hima Mylliem. , said Louis Dohtdong.
When asked how many letters the Sengbhalang leaders have received to appear, Auguster Jyrwa said they have not received letters but have seen them in the newspapers.
After the victory, Swiatek could face Ylena In-Albon of Switzerland or Claire Liu of the USA. India's Avinash Sable of Steeplechase finished 10th in the 3000m event.
The source said that the fire started from one of the rooms of the nearby houses where the residents of the room were not present. for they had been in the village since the evening of the second day of the week but it was not known in what way it had caused the fire.
“After discussions and after several meetings, they (NTPC) have agreed that we can now pay T.565 crore instead of T.664 or 665 crore.
The Bengaluru International Film Festival is a prestigious film festival as films from all over the world have been selected for the awards.
There will also be singers and musicians from Tyngshain L. Mawphlang, Wanri Kharsahnoh, Kitkupar Shangpliang and Element.
To surprise people in the year
“A new approach to the city is necessary especially in Shillong which has become overcrowded.
Bah DD L Nongbri said that as a group of farmers, they have gone to ask for help from the leaders but there has been no response to the need to help the farmers so that they can travel freely. spirit even in the midst of rain in winter.
The BJP won 340 wards followed by the Congress with 232 wards, the AGP with 39, AIUDF-8, NCP-4, BPF and CPM each while independent candidates won 77 wards.
According to Her&Now's website, it supports 147 women entrepreneurs.
The price of Jowai and Thadlaskeiñ depots will be Rs.65.00 and the price of Shangpung will be Rs.71.00 per litre.
Arsenal were top of the table with more points than Man City but a 2-0 defeat to Aston Villa has turned the tide for Arsenal. all the games.
Of the new cases, 69 are males, 25 are females, 37 are from Dhaka, 16 are from Narayanganj and three are from Jatrabari in Dhaka.
Thus it became only a teaching of mankind from generation to generation.
On the establishment of the ALG of the Army in Hynniewmer by Pawan Han , the EAC Chief of Army Staff said that this is not a problem if the land is sufficient The Air Port Authority of the Central Government is currently struggling to improve the airport at Umroi for the convenience of the people.
“We have received information that the government has already approved to upgrade the Khliehriat CHC to a Civil Hospital,” said the Sur U Paidbah East Jaintia Hills while handing over a letter to the Minister who is also the MLA of Khliehriat.
In Paul's letter to the Romans – “But by their fall salvation has come to the Gentiles” (all the kingdoms of the world are Gentiles, including us).
The 25th Synod Service of the Ri Bhoi Presbyterian Synod Christian Endeavor Union (RISU) started on the 3rd October 2023 through various programs and speakers during the three days and ended on Friday. The speakers included Rev.B Syiem who delivered the Word of God in the morning service and Rev.K.E Rympeit who delivered the Word of God in the afternoon service. Tbn.N.B Myrsing who distributed the Word of God in the evening service of this Sunday.
The Chief Guest also launched the Lucky Draw of the Sports Club as part of the fundraising campaign. The meeting was conducted by Ryngkat Sari President of the Sports Club. Firstly Sari Secretary of the Sports Club.
In the defamation case against Modi, the Surat Sessions Court has rejected Rahul Gandhi's request for a stay of the conviction.
She said that the incident was not considered as a high-risk pregnancy or a high-risk pregnancy after receiving the information provided by the ANM. Three days before the birth of the baby and sent an ASHA to meet her.
“When we try to destroy our customs and traditions, what is the future of the country?” said the Mawlai Town Durbar sent by Bah MW Nongbri, General Secretary and SD Khongwir, President. Mawlai Town Fortress.
In terms of health, Bah Nongsiej, has not been in good health for several years, mostly he goes to Shillong and Guwahati for treatment, but even so, he has never been in good health. There is also a case where he complains about his own illness, but the conversation is only about the natural world and when we sit down, he doesn't show sad faces, but he talks hai hai, with a smile. spirit is very strong.
This name of wisdom is not for everyone to seek except for perseverance and faith.
This dance and celebration along with the ritual continued for hundreds of years until the division of the kingdom in 1831, but this division was recognized and accepted in
Let us therefore look forward to a stable and affordable electricity supply.
The two candidates made this statement after visiting the voters at all the Polling Stations in Sohiong Constituency on 10th June,
In the Office of Sr.
It means that the Israelites would not believe no matter how much they were preached about Jesus, they could not believe that He was their Messiah until Jesus Himself came to appear to them in Israel.
The total number of cases has risen to 74, including 16 from Italy and one from Canada.
Mulareedharan said the articles prepared for the examination were false and unfounded.
Due to lack of time, the former President visited only a few galleries at the museum including the Neighbourhood Gallery, Art Gallery, Costume Gallery, Agriculture Gallery and also visited the Sky- Walk to see part of Shillong.
He said the government will discuss the Reservation Policy and the Roster System as the two are related and cannot be discussed separately.
He urged the people to refrain from acts that disrupt peace and order and to maintain peace.
At the same time, it was learned that the Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, Bah Ronni V Lyngdoh will visit the surrounding areas of the market on the 24th of this month to collaborate with the market. Hima and the Government on how to fight for cleanliness in this market.
The task now is to make it easier for people to get permits and he promised to review the department to make the rules easier.
Robertjune said that during the meeting, the Prime Minister made it clear to COMSO that the convening of this special session will be to take a decision to implement the ILP in the state.
Speaking as the chief guest at Byndihati and Suchen Dhana, Bah Kyrmen Syhylla, expressed his satisfaction that these foundation stones have been laid and the construction of roads in the village has started. He said that in fact these roads should have been opened since last month, but because of the Model rule, he said that The Code of Conduct during the elections has been delayed and now the foundation stones have been laid and the construction will start soon.
Shillong, March 9: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) today started the demolition of street houses which have built more than three floors in Shillong.
Shillong, July 10: The MLAs of Garo Hills have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's investigation which has failed to provide any results to the people as it has been found from time to time but is only a waste of time. This is evidenced by the incident in Tura, on 30th November, 2005 where four people were shot dead by law enforcement officers and also in William Nagar.
i world you?.
The light was donated by former MDC Hilarious Dkhar.
They said that this rule will cause problems to the village officials especially in the rural areas where many people are still illiterate, but it will allow government officers and community leaders to take advantage.
the deadline for submissions is November 27, 2023.
He also warned the Hima in any area that they should not give permission without the authority of the District Council.
Shillong, November 03 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today distributed checks for various schemes to the beneficiaries at a meeting held at Umlyngka Square, Laimer in the presence of u Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling.
Conrad said that as it is the rainy months and it is suitable for the implementation of projects, the officers have been directed to expedite the works and ensure that they can be completed. projects at appropriate times.
Shillong: A clash between the residents of Ranighat, near Malapara and the Assam police today broke out after the Assam police tried to stop the work of the The PMGSY scheme in this village, which falls under the Block of Riangdo.
The Congress party is in the opposition in GHADC. BJP MDC Bhupender Hajong has supported the Congress party during the election of Deputy Chairman in GHADC. Bhupender Hajong has met with GHADC Chairman Denang T Sangma and CEM Dipul Marak to express his support for the NPP-led EC. The support of BJP MDC Bhupender Hajong has increased the number of NPP ECs to 16 and this will allow the current EC to function without any disruption in GHADC. Linus Rani (60) of Nongbirthem village, Nongbirthem, has died after being stabbed by a wild boar in a rben forest near the village. the city of Nongbah.
In addition, there are commons owned by individuals or families called the manorial system and on these lands too the villagers have the right to use them according to their allocation.
Dr. War, who was accompanied by thousands of supporters, said that the expenditure was to purchase many necessary equipment as the disease has come suddenly.
On 14th June this year, Kalita lodged a complaint with the office of the Commissioner of Police, Guwahati and complained about the police's lack of action in the case.
“The actions of former Governor Tathagatha Roy are unacceptable because he has violated the powers of the state in the Federation Constitution of India. The Governor should now follow the advice of the Council of Ministers,” he said.
The goal came within 9′ minutes of the match and lasted until the end of the match, which was enough for them to win the title this time.
He said that today, the Sur of Mawlai has come to encourage and join hands with the Sur Ehrngiew of Malki, because this meeting, which was organized by the residents of Malki. It should join hands with the Sur ki Nong Mawlai to strongly condemn the police killing of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew on the 13th of November.
Reacting to Modi's remarks, AAP top leader Arvind Kejriwal said the AAP is a party that can move and at the same time rule.
Therefore, we request them to start taking classes and if they do not comply, we will issue a 'no work no pay' order or withdraw the grant from the Managing Committee of those schools which have closed even after the government “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Minister.
Dr. Syngkon said the party demands that the Prime Minister should arrest the employees of TopCem who are involved in inciting the police to bomb and tie the people who oppose the Public Hearing.
The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today held a marathon at Mawkyrwat village today as part of the celebration of the 10th Anniversary of the HNYF. HNYF SWKHD Vice President Bah Shiningstar Wanniang, elders and other leading office bearers of the HNYF SWKHD. HNYF South West Khasi Hills District.
College and St. Edmunds College, Shillong have won the Inter College Football Tournament organized by NEHU University at SAI Stadium. I am from NEHU, Shillong.
Jowai, Lber 04: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), of West Jaintia Hills District, today announced the release of ration under the NFSA (AAY & PHH) and Non-NFSA for the month of October. 2024, will be released to all Fair Price Shop Dealers from 11th October, 2024 to 14th October,
Abo Nabam, Yab Niya, Darge Bagra and Techi Doria took two wickets each for Arunachal Pradesh.
Shillong: After receiving information that Bah Kentli Tangsang, Sordar of Raid Lyngkhat, has improved the Lyngkhat Square, this reporter visited the Lyngkhat Square on Saturday.
The theme of the Silver Jubilee Celebration is “Until now the Lord has helped us” (1 Samuel 7:12).
The AIM group has explained on many aspects of independent life as it has been lived in a democratic country without any violence.
Shillong, Lber 4: UGC-Malviya Mission Teacher Training Center (MMTTC) and the Department of Biomedical Engineering of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU), Shillong have conducted a Short Term Course on “Telemedicine and Digital Health”. and this training started on Tuesday.
The second issue discussed was on Uranium, regarding the union's opposition to the 2 lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah. of KHADC to seek clarification regarding the allocation of Rs 20 crore that the Council has promised to provide for the improvement of 1 lane road in this area.
This has also helped to provide employment to at least 1,00,000 households through 500 Integrated Village Cooperative Societies.
Although the Prime Minister said that there is no need to be afraid of the CAA because it does not affect Meghalaya, if one or two or 40,000 people apply to live in the Shillong Normal Area called the European Ward, what will happen? steps that the government will take.
In this regard, I had the opportunity to ask the first Plenipotentiary Minister of Jaintia Hills, Ma E. Bareh, when he retired from politics, and asked why you agreed. To put the Jaintia and Khasi together at 40% while the Garo at 40% alone, you know and cannot say that the Khasi are smarter than the Jaintia because there are famous schools in Shillong. , and how do you agree with this?
Actor Phira Dohtdong, who was at the screening of the film at Bijou Cinema, urged the people who didn't have tickets to sell their tickets. I'm going to see you at 5 pm.
“In Parliament there are days when we sit until midnight and I believe that if we see that there is such a demand we will try to follow this rule if not until midnight but until arrest. or as much as the job allows," he added.
At its Cabinet meeting on November 13, it decided to amend the rules of the Meghalaya Public Service Commission (MPSC).
At the time of writing, it is learned that the police have not yet arrested the suspect who attempted to commit the crime against the Heprit, as he is still on the run and the police are still investigating to arrest him. The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
He said that this is the first time that such programs have been conducted to introduce the functioning of KVKs or Krishi Vigyan Kendras in the country.
Rangbah Shnong and the people of the area were present on the occasion and the event was enriched by a song by Bah Amnis Shangdiar.
Shillong: Due to the heavy rainfall in Riwar area, the road has collapsed in many places from Laitlyngkot rum onwards, which has affected the traffic of the people in these days.
“The road connecting Mawklot to Umlyngka is also in preparation for the Synod to be held in 2025 at Umlyngka,” said Bah Hamlet.
The purpose of the competition is to raise awareness among the public on the dangers of HIV and AIDS. The audition for the Meghalaya Icon will be held at the Community Hall, Wahingdoh on the 30th. November, 2023 to raise awareness on the disease among young people between the ages of 15 to 29 years.
Immediately, there was a mass gathering of thousands of people with the intention of going to Lad Rymbai Police Station, but in the middle of the road, the police blocked the road and when the people tried to turn back, They fired three bullets into the air and when they didn't stop, they fired at the crowd, which gathered at 6 pm at Mookhep.
“The Market Committee together with the members of the village and the PWD office will work together to maintain the cleanliness of the market,” said Bah Gavin. and they went out into the marketplaces throughout the towns.
Bolsonaro was reportedly on his way to help people who did not wear masks in the city, which has banned gatherings of more than 100 people.
Jowai, Naitung 16: The Governor of Meghalaya, V.Shan Mungathan, Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court, Dinesh Maheshwari, was the chief guest at the Sein Raij Jowai. They were invited guests and came to witness the ceremony at Aitnar.
Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, today announced that Meghalaya has been free of Covid-19, with the first case of Covid-19 in the country. The test conducted today was negative.
This drug is made by mixing 5 parts of copper sulphate, 5 parts of shun and 50 gallons (about 250 parts) of water.
Pastor R Imiong, Executive Secretary, Pastors Fellowship, Church of God Meghalaya & Assam, in a statement, urged the believers to follow these guidelines and urged them to continue to hold services in their homes. those of the houses.
The PAG office said that there was a significant expenditure in 2016-17, out of which T.9,626.34 crore was spent annually, while T.3,266.77 crore was spent only. in October 2017 and out of which T.1,490.48 crore was spent on the same day which is the deadline for the budget in October 2017 and which is a serious violation of the Financial Rules and T.1,462.17 crore of this amount has been deposited into the Public Account or the Account payable to employees and other expenses and which has violated the labor rules of the State Government.
Shillong, November 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that it is necessary to promote all kinds of festivals in the state in order to attract tourists from all over the world and especially to promote to the tourism industry.
The three sons of the Hamas leader, Hazem, Amir and Mohammad, were killed in the bomb blasts and rockets fired by Israeli troops. the car they were riding in that day.
They understand that before having children, one should think many times because it is not easy to raise, feed and educate a human soul.
“If we are not discussed in the dorbar, we will take to the streets, which we don't want to do as a leader.
Debbarma alleged that Luizinho Faleiro had conspired with BJP leaders to run the affairs of the Congress party.
However, the contribution of Christians through the Catholic Church in the country as a whole has reached 40 or 50 percent through education”.
However, in reality, the election of the Syiem and Sordar Shnongs by voting should be transparent and acceptable to all the residents.
Vice President of Kher Youth Association Specialson Sarubai also delivered a welcome speech.
The Khasi do this because the children cannot take the jait of the father and at the same time they cannot take the jait of the mother who comes from the patrilineal system. .
Many factories have to need their own lines and transformers due to the high electricity consumption.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 69769 out of which 64157 have recovered and 1185 have died.
Regarding the collapse of the road, in fact, the SE of the department said that a report has already been sent to the CE of the National Highway to take the necessary action but the report has not been received. you have not sent anything.
The Act aims to provide special treatment to Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis or Christians and does not allow Muslims or Shias or Ahmediyas to be persecuted. these days in Pakistan.
All shops, workshops, factories, dealers and other businesses should be closed and vehicles should not be allowed to enter the village road until the cleanliness drive is completed.
The President of the All Jaintia Primary School Teachers Association, L Jat, said that the area has been suspended since the 3rd of this month.
The body of Bah Khrimshon Thongni has been post mortem and handed over to his relatives for the last rites.
The results of the election will be announced on the same day.
Vice President: Bor suwer.3.
This was also confirmed by the test.
There was a call from God at that time at the same time when King Uzziah died.
Speaking on the departure of these two members from the PDF, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem said that he does not want to blame them, because it is their own will, but he said, “Khyndiat ka shu “It is true that the leaders elected by the people have changed their minds within 12 days,” said Pynshngain. “If this is the case, the people know on what basis they stand.
For example, if a policeman is given the post of SP, he will not be able to act as an SP but will remain as a Langrut,” said Agarwal in Hardoi, Uttar Pradesh.
The Congress Leader was referring to the stingy count of the Infiltration Police on duty at the Entry and Exit Point at Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi.
Paul Vadakumpadan SDB, Professor at Sacred Heart Theological College, Mawlai.
If God allows this evil force to conquer the world, the world itself will return to those times and ages when there were only wild animals on the earth; or, the earth will become as clean as it was when God first created it.
The State Election Commission (SEC) conducted the re-election from 7 pm to 5 pm with the strengthening of security forces around the area.
Parents in rural areas send their children to schools where teachers are kind enough to give marks.
) Natural Farming Degree Program in three colleges.
Indeed, Jerusalem was destroyed, the Temple in Jerusalem was destroyed in 70 AD the Jews were taken captive all over the world and the Gentiles invaded Jerusalem and ruled over it by many kingdoms of the world .
He said that besides Bah Ardent, there were other leaders of the party who spent time in Nongstoin to campaign for the election such as Bah KP Pangniang, President West Khasi Hills District, Bah LG Nongsiej, President Nongstoin Town Area and Bah Witting Mawsor General Secretary Central Body.
In the second innings (Delhi's tied), Meghalaya started well, after Shavian Blah took a wicket with the help of Da-u-la-biang Shangpliang. catch-out the ball as soon as you start bowling.
Nongpoh: The Joint Committee of the two Dorbar Shnongs of Umryngksai and Lumbyrhing, which are also near Nongpoh, has decided to oppose the The Village Leaders of these two villages, today sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent, to protest against the proposal to set up a wine shop in a border area of ​​these two villages. of Police and Superintendent of Excise in Ri Bhoi, so that the shop will not succeed.
Don't be deceived by their deceitful schemes.
Where is the leaf?Protect and Maintain Land:While you own your own land, your land is still available.
The incident occurred when the helicopters were shooting at the camp of the militants.
and if the people elect the Congress party, the country and the nation will fall into destruction.
Shillong, Naiwieng 7: The Chief Minister's Open Golf Tournament to be held at Golf Flink, Shillong from the 9th to the 13th of this month has been postponed. Vehicles coming from Mawroh via Chandmari and those wanting to go to Polo have to go to Pynthorumkhrah via Lyngkyrding A. Those coming from Lumshyiap and Lyngkyrding have to go to Pynthorumkhrah. Through Lyngkyrding A, vehicles coming from MPRO Qtr will have to pass through PTS Mawroh or FCI road, those coming from Golf Club to Lumshyiap will have to pass through parts of Bhaiti and no vehicles will be allowed to park for 10 hours. no road don ha Golf.
IGP (Operations), GHP Raju said that Toberth has been wanted by the police for some time and today they have arrested him.
The HNLC was founded in 1987, a year before the death of King Wickliff in
He said he would also offer 100 percent financial assistance for temples and churches under the Prasad scheme, Tourism Department of the central government.
In both these short meetings, the KSU Mawlai Circle has followed the directives of the Government authorities to stay away from each other (Social Distancing) and that there will be no greetings. The Seng is also committed to giving its right hand and left hand to fight against this disease.
At the same time, he also requested the cooperation of the Nokma, Sordar and land owners regarding the sale and purchase of land for the construction of roads for the benefit of the people of the State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, one of the shopkeepers said that since they moved into the new shop, the market has declined significantly as out of 100 percent, only 5 percent of the customers have come.
Of these, 72 cases have been reported in East Khasi Hills, 23 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 13 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in West Jaintia Hills and 1 case in South West Garo Hills.
This is no longer in the state but in the central government so what we can do is if we come to power we can follow up with this issue to the central government in Delhi to force implementation. ILP in our state"
In a statement sent by Marshall Nongrum, Livingson Nongspung and Valentine Kharkongor, the residents of Shnat Raid Tynring said that the decision of the people of Shnat Raid Tynring to sit in front of the KHADC office is due to the The EM in charge of the Elaka and the Secretary of KHADC have revoked the suspension order issued on 16th October, 2015 against the Sordar of Raid, Bah CA Diengdoh.
The BJP also said that violence against women in any form is unacceptable in this society.
“In Mawsynram, which is the capital of the constituency, no scheme has been implemented,” he said.
The Minister of State for Ports, Shipping, Waterways and Tourism, Naik, was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Seafarers Club at the Jawaharlal Nehru Port Authority (JNPA). Navi Mumbai on the occasion of International Sailors Day.
The Chief Minister said he had also submitted a report on the performance of the MDA government to the Prime Minister, Amit Shah, in terms of implementing development projects in the state.
Shillong, July 22: The Baghmara Citizens' Forum (BCF) comprising religious leaders, elderly residents and all the residents of Baghmara village, South Garo Hills District has submitted a letter to the Minister of State for Home Affairs. The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, has urged the people not to ignore the problems faced by the people in the past few days.
The polling in Gujarat will be held on 23rd June 2019 for the 26 Lok Sabha seats in the state.
For other daily needs, Rs 4,000 per month has been allocated for them through other schemes.
But remember that baptism is not the way to heaven.
“The Minister of Electricity, together with MeECL, have urged the government not to provide 100% support from the budgetary provision, not to run through the DF, but the Finance Department understands that this is the money. “It is the largest company and to reduce the burden of the department, it is appropriate to hand over some parts to these companies,” he added.
Most of the discussion was on the PMGSY roads and at this meeting the Minister directed the PWD officials to ensure that the works should go smoothly. as you have already paid to the contacts to work.
The state government has also taken the lead in using solar energy in more than 400 sub-centres and about 50 primary health centers and other health centres.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, wrote on Twitter that the curfew between one state and another will continue as usual, with the Deputy Commissioners, issue rules, as they approve, for their Districts.
Besides, the JSU strongly opposes if the company cleans the road during the rainy season and should clean it during the hot weather to avoid the deterioration of the road.
The proposal to ban all types of plastic will affect the income of the country, which is already in a sharp decline in income, the report said.
“If this case happens, it will be registered and tried in West Karbi Anglong,” said HYC President Robert June Kharjahrin. Speaking at a brief meeting before the four Sengbhalang burnt the portraits of Defense Minister Amit Shah, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma and Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma. Saturday.
Speaking to media, HITO President Bah Donbok Dkhar said that members of the HITO have recorded video of hundreds of trucks unloading illegally smuggled coal at Byrnihat. .
Therefore, to say that the Riewlum are Hindus is unfair, especially for the Riewlum in the North East,” said Bah Ardent.
Furthermore, as it is now, it is clear that the political situation within the Congress-led state government has not been in order, which has shown that there is a strong internal conflict within the Congress party in these years. Five Congress MLAs including government ministers have lodged a complaint with the AICC officials against the Congress leadership in the state.
It will be the 77th time that India will celebrate this special day from the Red Fort in Delhi to the outskirts of the country.
On the other hand, Bah George B Lyngdoh also thanked the officers of PWD and the Ministry of Rural Development for taking care of this project as the people in this area have been suffering for more than 20 years. The allocation of funds for the construction of these roads will be a blessing and joy to the people and it is hoped that the work will start soon for the benefit of the people.
Luke took one wicket in four overs and Jemble took one wicket in four overs.
“In connection with this incident, a Case FIR No.58/2023 has been lodged at the Bijbehara Police Station and prosecuted under many provisions of the law,” the statement said.
If the Constitution of India has been amended 100 times, what is the problem with the VAB,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Earlier, SBI Guwahati Chief General Manager Rajnish Kumar said that SBI has implemented the e-corner for the convenience of the users.
What is that lack? disability is in the form of a shatri which includes physical dysfunction, occupational stress, lack of opportunity to participate fully in many areas and this is closely related to poor health, lack of educational development, low income and poverty which also affect people with disabilities.
On behalf of the village, Tymmen Basan MM Rajee gave a speech while on the part of the relatives, Wanplisibon Rajee, sister of Bah Swell and Bah Baiarbor Rajee, brother-in-law, spoke. ( kur) your owner.
The meeting was also attended by students from Nongtalang College, Martin Luther Christian University; Nontalang Centre, youth from the Nongtalang Tylli-i-hun and youth and residents from different villages of Nongtalang.
Shillong: From 8.30 am to 8.30 pm today, the rainfall in Umiam has reached 93.8mm.
Shillong, March 30: The Governor of Meghalaya, on Tuesday, said that he may appoint an interim Speaker of the District Council in these days, so that the District Council will not remain empty without a Speaker. until the election of a new speaker, the report said.
However, if the government continues to wait for uranium mining in the state, the KSU said it shows that the government does not consider the Bri u Hynniewtrep as its part.
Regarding the border, HANM has stated that Langpih, the border of Khanduli (Block I) in Jaintia Hills District and Block II in Ri Bhoi District.
Speaking to media, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that after consultation with the state government and various religious leaders, it has been decided not to allow the ban. open places of worship, but only marriage ceremonies shall be allowed.
“This is unacceptable, as it undermines the opportunities of others who deserve to be promoted and disgraces the police department and encourages corruption,” said the President of the CSWO. “The CSWO strongly opposes the proposal to extend the appointment of the DGP and others as this is against the rules and regulations of the government,” said the CSWO. “When they go to Assam to unload goods and when they want to transport goods from Assam, they don't get them and they get hit by Assam trucks, while trucks from other states come to earn money,” he said. The Meghalaya Commercial Vehicles Union (MCV) has issued a statement today.
Replying to a question by the MLA of Dikkanchi Shira, Ma Sniawbhalang said that the deterioration of the transformers is due to rain, snow, excessive heat and theft of electricity.
If you don't, you'll be like a slave.
What remains is that we have to inform the law enforcement authorities with the proper documents, so that we can get the judgments that we can agree on.
Two new websites were launched on this occasion and through these websites information about the activities of the Mission and the Vivekananda Cultural Center will be provided.
The man was cut off from the neck after being thrown into a specially built area to have a hole where his head would have to reach the Myntang River and climb slowly to reach the Bay of Bengal.
At the Synod service in March 2014 in Riangdo, I taught the Choir to the Seinduli youth.
On the other hand, KHNAM convened the meeting. The meeting was attended by its Working President Adelbert Nongrum, Latiplang Kharkongor, Secretary of ARPA, Process T Sawkmie, James Ban Basaiawmoit, General Secretary Batkupar Wahlang, Pynshai Manik Syiem were the speakers along with other party leaders.
“You have to have a proper plan.
The purpose of that is to remind their fellow citizens to tipkur tipkha in order to avoid the shongsang and not to misbehave with those who are not of the same clan.
Therefore, I urge you to base all these things on the past if you are truly a Khasi.
Last year, Chevinia Mawnai won the Vocal Star award in the United Kingdom.
How will the Khasi people, how will the villages, how will the himas, how will the ADCs and especially how will the government do? The existing protective measures are nothing against this flood.
Once again, the Hynniewtrep Student's Wing (HITO) on Thursday held a public awareness campaign on the importance of the MP election and how the citizens of the state should to cast their vote with care so that the candidate who will become MP should be that leader who will bring about development, welfare and to inform them. the Khasi and Jaintia people in Parliament.
This happened at Mawlai Mawiong, Shillong at 11 am this morning.
The number of cases of covid-19 has risen from 8 lakh to 9 lakh in the past three days.
This right shall not be violated or violated.
When this happens, the elderly parents will live in sorrow day and night and will leave only the nations because their footprints will be lost only in their lives. Shillong !The garden trees that prevent agriculture from developing : All the sons of the farmers while they are still living and The parents were wise and stingy to cultivate and grow such crops as rice, cucumber, wheat, barley, kwai, tympew or soh ki pai.
The union said that it has received information that there are more than 120 people who are still living in Kolkata because they have been living without assistance. They have completed their Skills Development and Training Centers and have expressed their desire to return home.
This is the privilege of being a politician.
This time will be the beginning of peace because the white horse will appear.
When asked whether people call him slow or slow, Dr Donkupar replied, “I may be slow but I am not weak.
The former Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, said that he has won eight seats as MLA, MDC; However, there has never been such a preparation before, in which he has worked hard to visit the constituencies to meet the people and his assistance to various groups has also been there. He also said that the expenditure in the last MLA election is adequate compared to other elections he has contested in the past.
But to feel that you don't have anything, that's the problem.
East Khasi Hills has 32 cases today while 13 cases were reported yesterday.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 04: Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, through the Department of Commerce, has conducted a one-day seminar on “Entrepreneurship and Economic Development” at the hall of the college. there are up to 100 of them.
Speaking to reporters while waiting for the post mortem at NEIGRIHMS, Eusebia Kurbah, the mother of Wanboklang, said that the relatives of Wanboklang have agreed to post mortem after the authorities. The law required a post-mortem.
The award ceremony will be held on the 21st of this month at 10:30 pm at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar, Shillong.
Shillong, July 16: UDP MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh has expressed his concern over the pollution of Shillong and this is all due to the lack of attention of the city department.
Dr Donkupar Roy, was born on the 10th November 1954 and passed away at the age of 65.
He said that Bah Balajied Synrem son of Dr Donkupar is a wise and obedient son who has been able to follow in the footsteps of his father to lead the people.
Another 54 soldiers were injured in the attack.
He also announced that the Council will soon install CCTV cameras, street lights at the pedestrian and market places and build more outlets for the market dwellers.
" He said, "Ia ... Shano...?" I asked...“Ale shu bud me.
The roadside soil could be my heart or yours my friend.
“During the investigation into the case filed against him in police custody, he confessed that he had hidden a homemade pistol in the forest. “He is ready to lead a team of police to the scene to seize the firearm,” said Superintendent of Police, Ri-Bhoi District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa in a statement.
The curfew will start on the 29th from 7 pm to 5 pm on all three days.
“This unexpected shooting by the Police involved in this illegal act clearly shows that they have misused and violated all the provisions of the Constitution.
The Nongstoin Civil Hospital was inaugurated by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma in the presence of senior health officials.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of the Border Area has expressed its opposition to the state government's plan to set up Border Outposts in Thadrang, Tyrso villages which fall under the Ri-Bhoi and Assam borders.
Similarly, in the women's final, Iga Swiatek was one of the players who managed to achieve that after defeating her opponent Lesia. Tsurenko by 6-2, 6-0.
“The police were ready, they knew how to control.
Meghalaya continued to shine in the women's 400m race, with Ritina Hanse winning the silver medal in the women's 400m race.
The meeting was conducted by Dakrai Chyrmang, Chairman of the Kur. Amoura V Syngkon, Secretary of the Kur, welcomed the guests.
It is to be recalled that the ship was hijacked by suspected robbers from Somalia who boarded the ship on the evening of the 4th with about 5-6 persons armed with guns and weapons.
Police and CRPF fired tear gas and lathi bombs at the supporters to disperse them.
The district authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have been inspecting the site for the construction of the bridge at Umtalen, the road to Lumtonseng and Sakhri since June The district authorities have forgotten about the construction of the bridge in the Umtalen River, but it is surprising that this project has been completed. follow-up by the district authorities.
“That land (from Bimola to Motphran) is not the land of the Municipal but belongs to the Hima Mylliem.
BN Ryngkhlem Secretary of the Pork Traders Association took this decision at a meeting held at Demthring village today after the price of pork has increased.
It was further alleged that during the period under review from 01.01.2013 to 31.12.2019, the accused had illegally collected money amounting to more than T.2 crore.
Shillong, Lber 23 : U Bah Shakliar Warjri, Minister in charge of Sports, Shillong, today said that 85 percent of the Phase I of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium at Polo, Shillong has been completed. This was announced by Bah Shakliar Warjri in the Legislative Assembly on the fourth day of the Budget Session of the State Government on Friday in reply to a question by Phase II. MLA of Nongpoh, Mr. Mayralborn Syiem.
They also alleged that this unjust behavior of the government and the C.P.W.D department is like neglecting and neglecting the area, which in fact the people of the border area need the help, support that Head of Government and CPWD, said that the negligence of the government and the department has brought hopelessness and backwardness to the area, as the road is the budlum of development and development. the income of the people.
Paiabanteiskhem Bhoi scored the first goal in the 14th minute but Niaw Wasa scored the equalizer in the 26th minute through Enrigue Malvin Marshra.
The leader of these taxi drivers, said that the deterioration of the road, not only causes problems to the taxi drivers, but also causes problems to the people and especially to those who are sick.
This group of slaves did not go home without leaders and thinkers.
Those who were born in ignorance will be told how to tell those who know and rebel against it.
Nongpoh, Nailur 09: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP), Central Zone, Raid Myrdon, Ri Bhoi District, has launched a campaign to raise awareness of the problems faced by the people and especially the school children. MeECL has taken the initiative to meet with the MeECL authorities in Nongpoh to discuss these issues, but during this meeting, the union did not have the opportunity to meet with the MeECL authorities in Nongpoh. The union has expressed its deep sorrow over the shortage of electricity and urges the MeECL department to take action to provide electricity to these villages under the Raid. Myrdon.
Shillong, June 16 : The All India Trinamool Congress on Saturday opened its office in Sohiong, the constituency led by Bah Samlin Malngiang. The meeting was attended by TMC Sohiong Vice President James Lyngdoh and other office bearers including Bansharai Pyngrope, President, Trinamool Students. Congress, Meghalaya, Ïohdorlang Diengdoh, President of Sohra Block, Macmillan Kharbani and others.
“In this hearing, the Honorable Justice Bah HS Thangkhiew, through a letter received from the Government of Meghalaya through the Commissioner & Secretary of the Ministry of Education on 4th June 2023, in which the State Government Through this letter, the court said that the state government has now prepared how to pay the arrear of the SSA teachers from 1st November, 2016 to 2017,” said Bah Rymbai.
I am pleased to say that the world of nature is attracted to vacuum.
In this regard, the KJDSTA has met with the DSEO on Saturday to inquire about the refusal of teachers who have completed their B.Ed to be appointed as Principals or Vice Principals without any order. rule from government.
Shillong: According to a statement issued by the Office of the Sirdar of Tyrna Sirdarship, Bah D. Marbaniang, I am pleased to inform the public through a Joint Meeting held today between the Executive Dorbar together with the Tourism Management Committee and others. The Elaka has also decided that at present, the owners of Resorts, Hotels and Homestays within the Elaka cannot open or allow tourist attractions within the Elaka. Tyrna Elaka due to the outbreak of Covid-1
Nongpoh, Lber, 29: Ka Ampareen Lyngdoh, MP candidate from the National People's Party (NPP) today visited Mawhati area to witness for herself the problems of the people in the area, to meet with the villagers and village leaders. , which still needs a lot of infrastructure work in the area.
During these programmes, teachers, staff and students received basic training on how to seek and provide assistance, emergency care and how to evacuate from the affected areas. earthquake or other natural disasters.
Since the formulation of the Meghalaya Sports Policy in 2019, the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs has worked hard to provide adequate sports facilities and the development of sportsmen in the state.
The report states that for the implementation of this project, the department has set a condition that the company awarded to implement the project must be trained in the implementation of such projects and work shall not take any assistance from other contractors.
CONFORMITY ASSESSMENTProduct Certification: The BIS administers the Product Certification Scheme under the Bureau of Indian Standards Act, 2016 and the Acts and Regulations referred to therein.
The price of these injections has been posted on the Co-WIN portal, where HN Reliance Hospital in Mumbai has charged T.700 per injection, which is more than T.100 per injection. Institute of India (SII).
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma has called for a meeting with the Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNYM) on the 4th November 2023 at 2:30 pm at his office at the Secretariat to discuss the The demand of this party is on the unemployment of the youth.
““This is not the first time that we, the MDCs of the Opposition, have raised this issue for the third time.
L. Mawnai and Emisakani Warjri took two wickets each for WKHDCA.
The second is the Love of Timung and the third is the love of Hakani Phawa.
The MLA of the area, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech said that his victory in the election is the victory of the people whether it is the supporters or the non-supporters, but there should be a spirit of love. one-one.
If the investigation is fair and impartial, many things may come out in connection with the incident.
On page 37, it reads: 'Established on 29th March 2008, Assam Don Bosco University (ADBU) located at Guwahati, Assam was set up as a response to the felt educational needs of the people of North East India... The University has three Campuses: The Permanent Campus, nestled in the Serene Tapesia Gardens, spread over 500 acres of undulating hills, off National Highway 37….
It is to be recalled that (L)Dr HCS Wallang graduated from Berry White Medical School, Dibrugarh in 1913 and received honors in the Department of Surgery.
“This rule sent by the NITI Aayog has clarified the confusion of the people regarding the media reports that the state government is delaying the release of the money,” he said.
Such things have happened many times in the past when there were MLAs, like Akramozaman of Phulburi, Dr. BK Roy of Pynthor and others, who used to give examples from their holy books.
About 3 dozen party leaders from the state attended the meeting where there was also a discussion on the issue in the presence of Ministers.
This was announced by the Union Minister of Textiles and Women and Child Development, Smriti Zubin Irani during an inspection with the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma today. “We will open this campus in November.
And in the same way God cannot call such people His children because they do not receive the gifts of the Spirit because they do not walk according to the Spirit.
“I have lost sleep and I am very happy these days but I am happy to see the people who are the supporters and they are the cure for the diseases,” said Bah Ollan. meeting at Pongkung Market.
At this programme, the Minister of State, Rakkam A. Sangma, Santa Mary Shylla, HM Shangpliang, P. Dkhar, honored the nine teachers from the school. Mathematics, Science and Social Science subjects were awarded to three schools from East Jaintia Hills District, which have done well in this competition. project “Ka Lawei” A video and a short documentary on the project “Ka Lawei” was also shown at the programme. the Smart Digital Classroom, Byndihati Secondary School, Byndihati.
If anyone wants to make this a political issue, they should also know that in this year when this Act was introduced, who led the government, who was in power in that year,” he said. said Paul.
The song contest was organized by the SSSM in collaboration with the Officers Club of South West Khasi Hills District.
It is a nation of great thinkers of God.
Earlier, the District Magistrate had ordered that a Magistrate led by 1st Class Magistrate Tangchiring K Sangma should investigate the incident and submit a report within 30 days.
The Asian Games are outside the FIFA international tournament and the players will have to play for clubs in the ISL, which is scheduled to start on the 21st of this month.
The Government is proud that water has reached not only all the villages but also the households of all the residents through the Jal Jeevan Mission.
The desire of the owners of Saw Mill in Jaintia Hills to sell their timber to Assam is because Assam can buy it at a high price,” said a statement sent by the President of FKJGP Khliehriat Circle. Bah Mishal Chyrmang.
MEPA General Secretary, Bah John W. Thabah recalled the contributions of Bah Lambok Thabah in the field of journalism and also as a member of MEPA.
Speakers from the 'Ka Sur Na Them Ri Bhoi' including Bah Pateng Marsing and Bah Jayson Lenoz Nongrum, said that the 'Ka Sur Na Them Ri Bhoi' will take only one voice. , without regard to the differences between the Sengbhalang, private individuals, Rangbah Shnong, parents, but the purpose is to demand the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
“If this is the freedom that the sword has given us, it is a country without borders,” said Bah Nongrum. If we are oppressed and plundered, the hope of our descendants will be in darkness.
Cruciferous foods have the ability to prevent cancer.
While the game continued until the second half, the players of TEYC didn't rest and fought hard and when they got the ball they thought they could score but when they got close to the goal they missed. the golden mist.
Now if we send these 60 MLAs for examination and ask them about those Articles or provisions in the Constitution, can they answer? Majaw, Bah Loniak Marbaniang, Bah Peter Marbaniang, Bah BB Lyngdoh, Bah RG Lyngdoh... we can still expect them to lead this state in the right direction.
“We are against the closure because the vendors understand that they want to stay in the open spaces, not to be evicted,” she said. The SMB office every day from the beginning of working hours until the end of working hours and they come back every day as well”.
Seven members of the HN LC together with their Ksiang Bah Sadon Blah, while on the state government side Bah PS Dkhar who is the Ksiang, Magistrate Bah R.Wahlang and the Central Government was led by retired IPS officer AK Mishra.
In his encouraging speech, he said, 'Such festivals are a way to show the youth to choose their talents in which they can develop until they can earn money from such festivals. claim that they like to do or work.
“Phungting and two of his followers have arrived in China via eastern Nagaland since mid-April,” News18 reported, quoted by NSCN-Khaplang leader Yung Aung.
Guwahati: Assam has declared three days of mourning on the death of former Assam Chief Minister Tarun Gogoi.
On the closing ceremony, a memorial book of the kur will also be launched.
Twenty-four states will participate in the tournament, which will be divided into two and three states.
The Minister said that the shortage of doctors in the state is at least 100 and this problem will continue but the government will try to overcome it.
What and how does it become a bih sein iong which can really destroy, destroy, destroy khiew ja, khiew jhur, destroy even the laws and regulations that have been established in Spain, whether it is kha long man, and kill people equally. Hundreds of people were injured and killed in the accident.
He also urged the residents of the area to be quick to come forward to take advantage of this opportunity which is a beneficial assistance for them as farmers and this distribution of schemes is not It is for the benefit of the people therefore they should take good care of these goods and look after them so that they will benefit them in the future.
Meanwhile, Mawlai Christian Secondary School won the Best Discipline Team.
It is useless to blame others alone for the problems in society and governance.
He said that if the Pynursla constituency has grown, then the Shella constituency should grow along with it.
She said that the incident with Bah Pynshngain is their household affair within the Congress party and they do not want to say anything on this matter.
As soon as he left the house and took the car out of the house, he called Aitilin.
Furthermore, the residents of the village, expressed their gratitude to Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh for taking the initiative to provide a colored road to the village. .
According to the source, some of the refugees have been traveling through the forest for more than 10 months to reach Mizoram from their villages in the CHT.
The union said that such mistakes should not happen again, said a statement from the Publicity Secretary, Ma Vikey Dann.
Shillong, July 27: The State Government has decided to change and rename the roads and villages in the State as follows.
Speaking to the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, the Rangbah Raij Raliang, while talking to the CEM of JHADC, Thombor Shiwat, expressed their regret over the decision to suspend the Dolloi of the Elaka. religion and customs in this area.
In the first part, we didn’t have more than enough vaccines and the ambitions were high.
In this regard, the Chief Election Commission (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, said that he has written to the Election Commission of India (ECI) to temporarily suspend the polling. HDR Lyngdoh, Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Sohiong Constituency. .
At present, it is not clear whether Bah Shangpliang will be the NPP candidate for the MP election as the party leaders have not said anything.
It is unfortunate that the Congress has never done this, even in the places where there is violence, I don't think they know and they have never visited where this is the truth and if we go “They should make it clear what they want the government to do,” he said. “They should make it clear what they want the government to do,” he said.
PM KISAN is a scheme that has not changed.
She said that to fight against this disease we need the cooperation of the village leaders and the residents and in this fight against this disease the village leaders have a great role to play in They have the power to disseminate information quickly to all the villages whether urban or rural and through the help of the village leaders we can quickly disseminate the information about this disease in relation to the outward signs. and also to convey to the people the information on how to prevent the spread of the disease and the treatment options available from government health centres.
At the end of the games, prizes were awarded to the winners of the first, second and third places.
We have suffered so much that we will finish at the end of the lockdown, those who have the opportunity to teach online as directed by the government should continue to teach but I am very worried because I see that this work does not happen.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Garo Hills, Vijay K Mantri, confirmed the demand for money by the FCI employees and promised that the district authorities will ensure to protect the employees of the department.
Shylla said that this year's festival was a clean and orderly event with the joy of the children of the Raij under the leadership of the Langdoh and the Khyndai Wasan.
He urged the students to prepare a time-table as he does with setting goals in life.
“We’ve been involved in wine making for five years now, but we were never as profitable as it looks and feels now.
You are the party workers who will lose sleep during the elections because the elections have started in June or October,” he said.
In this age, the garbage from the household including the vegetables and food items has to be thrown outside the house because there is no place to throw the garbage behind the house.
Ticket offices for passengers have been closed since the same day and the protest has affected the traffic of tourists as well as MTC buses traveling around the state and other parts of the country. that state.
Look how the NPP has agreed not to hand over the power department for 25 years to the company recently, because we have reached the point where we will leave, whatever happens, if the NPP decides to do and this is the gift.
Bah AL Hek, Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry and Vertinary was the chief guest.
Misaki is also the first athlete to win a gold medal in the saber event at the 2022 World Fencing Championships in Cairo.
We need to know these things because they are very important and meaningful parts for us young people.
He was shot dead from Myanmar and his body was found on the highway in Mecca on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the Principal of the school, T.Passah, explained about the progress of the school since its establishment in Jowai. thanks to the hard work of these players.
As a pastor, he regularly attended church committees and assisted during the sacrament in the church.
On the other hand, the company officials explained to the public about the development works that have been done and will be done for the betterment of the environment in the area and also explained about the mining of Mawshun. which does not affect the drinking water or the air and even the wildlife.
The hearing has not yet come today and Ma Swer expects it to come on the day set by the Supreme Court today.
Those sentenced to 2 months and 57 days imprisonment are Prof. Aristarchus Leader of Mawlai, Thingdar Lyngdoh of Porsohsan, Extanly Lyngkhoi of Siejlieh, Ospear Lyngdoh of Mawthylliang, Diliosping Lyngdoh of Sweldo Khro and Khro. , Scoring Shangpliang, Sowel Kharmaw, Worindro Puwein of Nongkrong, Skington Lyngdoh of Siejlieh, Dlespar Lyngdoh, Krespar Lyngdoh of Siejlieh, Sringly Marweiñ of Pyndengrei, Prospar Thongsto of Hobel Syiem of Nongpyndeng , Spindonal Nonglang of Nongklung, Panling Nonglang of Nonglang, Kandhi Khasyntiew of Jaidod, Trining Nongrem, Niktrolin Lyngdoh of Mawrusyiar, Hesding Nongrem, Netmanroi Malngiang of Nongpoh, Phip Marweiñ, Phlingsta Diblishang Nonglang, Bingwel Diengdoh of Mawkawah, Prowel Lyngdoh of Lawse, Alius Nongsiej, Kliah Syiemlieh of Kriangrin, Korin Shangdiar of Mawlan, Tokin Thongni, Mesking Mawlieh of Tiehbah, Skim Syiemiong of Mawliehdein. Khlieh Mawlieh, Nordin Wanniang of Byrki, Telis Wanniang of Mawkadiang, Robin Marweiñ, Indro Kharbani of Urkyllong, Esmel Kharbani, Rodrik Nongsiej of Mawkynbat, Sporin Kharbani, Mobingwel Kharbani, Bren Kharstone Wanniang, Mawkadiang Umyiap Nongdom, Dres Khadewsaw of Ksheh Kohlong, Jespar Marngar of Nongrangoi, Kwiri Kharbani, Hobel Kharbani, Reston Lyngdoh, Kingdarson Rani of Nongdiwah, Klik Shangoi of Mawsngap, Treslan Dkhar of Mawrok Syiemlieh, Knesdar Knesdar. Diorlin Lyngdoh of Umtab, Shanbor Wahlang of Phudumbah, Dwikstar Lyngkhoi of Umsaw, Jringlan Shangoi, Spikar Shangoi, Kyrhitwel Nongbak of Pyndengkirit, Jeskiar Mawsor of Shallang, Wording Marweiñ of Maringar and Stowel Paringar. , Barnal Marshiangbai, Swenly Iawphniaw, Philing Sohshang, Niandar Lyngdoh, Klantis Lyngdoh, Wolding Lyngdoh, Mestandar Lyngdoh, Spingly Hujon, Tendarson Marthong, Shrengly Kharsyntiew Bhoi, Rangton, Tyllang Phingwel Rangtong, Elking Makdoh, Torles Shadap, Iris Shadap, Kner Nongrung, Krin Nongspung, Thur Nongspung, Thro Rangtonly, Dio Rangtong, Wisely Sylliang, Mosdolan Rympei, Muster Makdoh, Hermon Lapang, Gwi Lapang from Ri Bhoi, Jeslan Muksha, Romes Nongkseh, Plansis Mukhsha, Crosland Wahlang, Sornik Kharmawlong, Orbing Kharmawlong, Shai Warjri, Kalming Rympei, Hiewmanjon Rympei, Babel Matlang, Babel Matlang, Phondar Pariong, Roslin Khyllait Mawlong, Dolit Blah, Matthews, Maldwin Makdoh, Maurice, Roy Taro of Ri Bhoi Tyrsat, Chikhraw Timung and Jam Hujon of Nonglang.
After the meeting this morning, we found that all the people wanted us to invite foreigners and the people gave their support to the EC and we took the decision of the Dorbar Shnong.
Garo people living outside Meghalaya cannot get government jobs in the state.
“The BJP Meghalaya states that the false news in one of the media outlets is an attempt to mislead the truth.
R.Patlong, Project Manager, Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association, Khliehriat Unit gave a briefing on drug abuse, physical and mental wellbeing.
“It is regrettable that the CM has chosen to continue to pass this bill despite strong opposition and we as a convention will continue to oppose,” said NPP President Conrad Sangma. to discuss and decide on the ways forward, he added.
They should come and talk to the village in advance and not use force.
When asked, the Minister said that he will submit a petition to the Minister, adding, “Ka (Darshana) has already expressed her willingness to support Meghalaya”.
These products are obtained from the Cooperative Societies, which in turn are obtained from the farmers.
The service started on the 13th of this month and ended today.
Khliehriat, July 09: The football players of East Jaintia District today left for the Meghalaya Games 2024 to be held in Tura from 11th to 20th July,
“Only hard work has helped you now, you are leading the State, the time will come when you will lead India,” said Sawkmie while encouraging all the MCA players. In the 1st Division Football League, the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) ended in a draw without scoring a goal in both matches.
East Khasi Hills has 318 cases, of which 12 are health workers, 132 are high risk contacts, 77 are ILIs, 6 are policemen and 27 are SARI cases.
The Seinraij Jowai expresses its happiness that the Seinraij Tuber as usual every year, this time too has celebrated the Behdienkhlam festival at Tuberkmaishnong to ward off the disease especially during this time of spread of the disease. COVID-19 in Khasi Jaintia Hills, the State and the country and the world.
Shillong, July 09: U Police Officer GK Ïangrai, who has been arrested by the State Police for misuse of funds allocated for the construction of the National Emergency Response System (NERS) at Sadar Police Station, has been arrested. on Monday the 9th he applied for bail from the Supreme Court through his lawyer.
However, when we reach the check point where they should check the health of these cows, they ask for documents and if we don't have them, they demand money from the cow buyers.
Mawkyrwat, November 04: Aspire Meghalaya through the District Talent Event on the 3rd November, 2022 has held a program to select youngsters from various schools as well as students from Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat, South West Khasi Hills District has been invited to participate in this programme. The event was held at the Nativity Hall Mawkyrwat with the participation of 22 youths.
Rupang has visited and witnessed many of the paintings made by this man who have become famous in the village which is famous for the presence of the heart stone.
The SKSR 12 Daloi celebrated this day at Thadmuthlong C Phramer District.
“The people should know that we (UDP) have contested 46 candidates from the party but you have won only 11 candidates, but we demand a Khasi Prime Minister. said.
Nongpoh, July 27: The 49th AMKA Annual Conference of Karbi people from all over Meghalaya was held at Umrang Umjaren, Ri-Bhoi. from all over the country came to take part in this tournament.
Speaking to the students of the school, Sangma said, “The youth are the great strength of the state and the country but there is a problem how to use the youth in an equitable manner.
Many times when talking about the Khasi traditional thought, the people think against the teachings of other thinkers who have influence over the people.
Besides, Bah Hek admitted that there are other MLAs and former MLAs whom the talks are ongoing.
“Whatever the government will take will be in accordance with the rules of law, so whatever decision the government will take will be based on the proper documents and according to the rules of law,” he said. Sangma said.
Then climb back east to Daluthua village to Meghamdol, which is on the east and descend west to Umthali, Noonmati, Borjhar to Ukiam.
Also present were KN Kumar, Principal Secretary, Dr. BDR Tiwari, Additional Secretary, BDR Tiwari, Block Development Officers, Project Directors and others from the blocks and districts.
It is learned that those who went to the meeting were surprised to see that these two men were carrying these powerful weapons.
Not to mention the people who have to stay for hours on the roads especially from Upper Shillong, Mawlai and Madanriting.
The KSU today arrested 12 foreigners and sent them back to their place of origin. to the Bhoirymbong area.
Those who study in Engineering & Medical degree are T.500 per month and T.6000 per annum.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, said that the NPP is one of the six parties that has been recognized in the country. The party in the North East has been recognized as a national party.
