“I will write to the Governor to convene a special session on Monday, July 12,” he said.
“It doesn't mean that just because there is an incident at the Minister's house or at any Police Station there is instability.
Shillong, July 29: U West Shillong MLA, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who is also a Minister of State, on Tuesday said that the biggest problem facing the jaidbynriew in this era is the lack of leaders.
Kipyegon also became the first woman to run in 3min:50 seconds with 3:4
He congratulated the officers who have worked since 1982 until now who are working hard to meet the needs of the people and hoped that through the new office the needs of the people will be met in all sides.
Similarly, in the MDA coalition government, the United Democratic Party (UDP) which holds the education department has to answer to the people why school teachers in the state have to take to the streets to protest for their rights. Therefore, the school management system in the State is different, because in one school there will be many types of teachers, such as government teachers, deficit teachers, Ad-hoc teachers. , SSA and RSMA teachers and other private teachers.
Doctors have expressed their strong opposition to the statement of Ramdev's follower, in which he has insulted the medicines that have saved the lives of the people of India. doctors and English medicines, which were accepted by the whole country.
However, the Income Tax will end only with the issuance of a letter to those who have to pay Income Tax but once they have shown a certificate that they are Scheduled Tribes, the Income Tax cannot do anything. .
This comes after the government banned the consumption of certain foods, including fish, beef and pork.
In the United Kingdom, the death toll has risen to 854, bringing the total to 6,2
Tea Leaf -250 grams per customer 14.
The woman was identified as Rodit Langstang, 44 years old.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said this was done to get accurate information from the Department of Water Resources, River Development and Ganga Rejuvenation.
“This is a goal we are preparing for,” he said.
It doesn't mean that it should be from within the state but it should look at the work they do and how they provide services to the people.
It is learned that this incident happened due to the inability of the truck drivers to stop on the road for many days without being able to unload the coal to the right places. They also had to stand along the road for 3 or 4 days just to enter the weight bridge to complete the test.
He said he believes that the SymphoNE will be a platform to discuss and work together to open up tourism opportunities in the North East.
At present, there are three ways to remove the candidates from the Roster, the first to be prepared by the Cabinet, the second to go to the Supreme Court and the third to be taken to the Assembly. the right way in dealing with this matter," he added.
Viruses- Norovirus or Rotavirus.
“The Department of Mining and Geology will closely monitor this issue with the Central Government to free Meghalaya from the ban on coal mining.
Sethi's suggestion is to implement a hybrid model in which Sri Lanka, Bangladesh, Nepal and Afghanistan will play four matches. The first match in Pakistan along with the Indian team will play all the matches at neutral venues and it appears to be the best advice although the ACC has not yet decided. no decision has been taken on the matter.
Many MLAs did not hesitate to ask why so many children aged 10-12 years old have dropped out of school and are raising cows and goats.
Regular exercise can increase cholesterol levels.
He said that the allegation that their vehicle is a menshohnoh vehicle is very wrong as this vehicle is the vehicle which they used to carry water every day in Madanriting.
The purpose of the closure of the offices of the Sengbhalang is as a sign of condolences to the five precious souls who lost their lives in the incident at Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills. Assam.
Looking at the election issues of the AAP, it can be said that they affect the daily lives of the people and will help the rich, the poor and the rich. They showed that their victory in this election was always for the sake of the party and there was nothing that brought about racial, religious and any acts of violence.
Ma Shallam said that the Kpep or Khnap Thangbru was created through the discovery of Jowai scholar, Ma Campbell Shullai, who started the cremation ground. , in 2000 and was fully operational in 2002 and was first opened on 23rd June 2003 and after that opening, there are hundreds of children of religion, who have been completed in this place.
Shillong, March 7: MeCEL has rejected the request of the management of Ganesh Das Hospital to move the transformer near the hospital farther away.
The Ministry of Women and Child Development will celebrate the 6th National Women's Day in November
“It is the first time since I became an MLA in 1993 that such an incident has happened.
In this regard, the union said that there is no pressure on anyone, but it is only a request and request especially to those from within the district as well as those from outside the district and outside the state to stop working.
Six hours before the Prime Minister's visit, vehicles were blocked and people were not allowed to walk in some places.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone, on Tuesday said that the people have lost confidence in Dr Mukul Sangma and he can speak but the truth is that the MDA government is the only one that can fulfill their demands. functions which were not carried out by the old government.
Shillong, Lber 03: The Parliamentary Party Leader of the AITC, Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday said that he has no objection if the Prime Minister comes from among the Khasi. MLA, if a government is formed without NPP and BJP, the UDP has the right to get the Prime Minister.
If any group or country has skilled and intelligent leaders or intellectuals to develop well, the present and future of that group or country will be great and strong in all aspects.
God did not create the earth without a purpose.
Nora and Remo were praised for their speed and timing in the dance from the movement of their hands, feet and body and at the end of the dance the judges stood up to encourage them. Amit and Steve.
And perhaps the RSS leader hears of the religious hatred or religious hatred here and he will say such words which they too will be taught to speak religious hatred like that.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah Blanding Warjri, MDC from Mawthadraishan Constituency, today joined the Congress Party.
The problem is that this is a case of the NIA and the investigation is ongoing.
Adelbert, who is in court today, and the four members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), who are also in court today, have sent their reply to the court. , that they are sorry and apologize for their visit to the court, during the trial of the former CEM.
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Dorbar said that the union is deeply saddened by the delay in taking the census which should be taken every 10 years. Ri-Bhoi District has been recognized as an Aspirational District in many ways.
The investigation revealed that there were six passengers in the truck, one driver, one assistant and four passengers from Deichynrum and Byndihati. .
When asked about the state government's withdrawal from the list of states where the CBI can investigate corruption cases, Sinha said, “Amit Shah has promised that if the BJP comes to power, we will do so. Appoint a Special Task Force headed by a retired Supreme Court judge to investigate the allegations of corruption in the present and past governments so that we can punish all those involved in the corruption. you are corrupt.
Lucy Sawkmie, said that the Sawkmie Hotel was built in collaboration with the brothers, who took the decision to build the hotel, is to share with the brothers. They also have the intention to assist the Khasi and Jaintia, who go to Guwahati to get medicine or have any work, as this place is close to Guwahati.
The Nagaland Assembly on Tuesday opposed the proposal to introduce the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) and the implementation of the Forest Conservation (Amendment) Act and sought protection under the 16-Point Agreement. Article 371A All political parties including the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP), BJP, NCP, NPP, LJP (Ram Vilas), Naga People's Front (NPF), RPI (Athawale), JD(U) and Private parties to discuss these issues on the first day of the Lyiur Dorbar.
Laitmawroh, Tyrsad and Pomshutia units also performed songs and dances.
In this area, the cold weather is also very cold but at the time of writing of this news, no news has been received on how many houses have been destroyed.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, in a statement sent to the media, said that after receiving a tip on the fire, the Fire and Emergency Service immediately responded to the fire. They went to the village to extinguish the fire which had started to destroy the whole house.
Bah Granary said that his family is filled with joy when they see the various voices of the Bri u Hynniewtrep who have come forward to be with him. to secure justice for Bah Che.
Maggi was banned by the Central Government after it was found that the spices in the product were not good for human health.
Regarding the Lamphang's intention to appoint a team of inquiry, Bah George said that all the teams of inquiry have been appointed so far but we have not received the reports even in the case of electricity. “The files have been deposited in the secretariat and perhaps if a team of inquiry is appointed, even now, such an accident will happen,” said Bah George.
He said that when the police went to arrest the woman from her residence, the woman revealed that she was in poor health and was suffering from illness. Police immediately took the woman to the Civil Hospital Shillong.
“Then Bah, we have come to meet you for the decision of the Dorbar Shnong which we met yesterday.
He said this while responding to allegations that the former Congress government has failed to resolve the border issue in the state.
Regarding the Tura Medical College, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the works are going smoothly, but the works have been delayed due to the outbreak of Covid-1
The book, written in English, is entitled "A Lady Freedom Fighter of India", or "A Lady Freedom Fighter of India"
However, his wife Dikanchi D Shira is even richer than Dr Mukul Sangma and she has a wealth of T.2,09,27,481 crore which has been submitted to the Election Commission.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that the state government today directed the District Administration to ensure that there will be no Any illegal activities of trucks carrying agricultural products from this state.
Jowai: Due to the number of cases of Covid-19 and to allow the health personnel to conduct contact tracing and also that those residents in the area will have to stay at home. The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has declared Khlieh-aitnar, Iongpiah Jowai as a Containment Area from today until further notice. even.
The protest has reached its 20th day, but no agreement has been reached between the Indian government and the farmers.
In all logic this is the GREATEST economic boost to Kashmir.8011:51 AM – Aug 5, 2019Twitter Ads info and privacy28 people are talking about thisVinayak@vinayak_jainNow we can buy land and property in Kashmir.
The tipbriew tipblei in terms of walking, standing, dressing and dressing refers only to the spiritual wisdom that is in a person or persons to express their actions in the view of life within themselves. beautiful and glorious or not.
It has been able to hold many meetings with the Nongsynshar Shnongs in this country and has also been able to arrange many meetings with the Nongsynshar Shnongs in the coming days.
He said that the main reason for the refusal of the woman who took the contract from the Hima Mylliem may be that she did not want to be videotaped and the inspection.
The award was presented by Shri.Ch.
This is not the first time that the two have started abstaining from party meetings after they started joining the National People's Party (NPP) which is allied with the PDF in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA). ) which holds the rule of law in the state.
He said that the Sengbhalang cannot just throw stones at the ambulance vehicles.
On the unemployment rate among the youth, he said the government has decided to recruit about 300 posts in the Home Guard department and 2000 posts in the police department. This will be an opportunity for the youth to fight for these jobs.
Among these there are many varieties, and it is necessary to try many years before we can say which variety is best suited to a particular place.
The residents of this constituency have to pass through Mawshynrut and Nongstoin constituencies to reach Rambrai.
What is the outcome of the exchange between the two parties; it may just be a question mark, not an explicit explanation.
However, when there are too many accusations and comments, the issues that should be discussed fall behind.
Karistina R Sangma, his wife, said that since then, her husband has disappeared without coming back and for this reason she has lodged a complaint with the police.
Regarding the damage to the Sying and Synsar farmland, the farmers have also decided to take strong action against these people who have damaged their farmland. They also decided to meet with the DC Ri Bhoi soon to express their concern about the damage to the Sying and Synsar farms.
In the Under-14 boys category, Christian HSS Nongpoh beat Ri Bhoi Presbyterian HSS 4-0
Tacho won the election from Anini constituency five times as a Congress candidate before joining the BJP in
“This incident shows the violence faced by women every day,” said a statement sent by the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Commission for Women, Kong VH Blah.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Adelbert said that as one of the leaders and as a party that has nothing to do with the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA 2.0) government, he has to criticize that in the Before the formation of the Union Government, there should be a Common Minimum Program and it should not be after the formation of the Government to start talks but it should be from the first day of the formation of the Government. .
The Japanese will speak their Japanese.
Therefore, they invited the Daloi, Pator, Kñi Waheh, Sangot, Maji and Tymmen to sit down and discuss or create the dance, the song, the music, the dress code. to call for the name of that shad which will remain forever in the customs and traditions of the Labang Nangphyllut.
Shillong, November 10: The Central Body of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) today held an emergency meeting in Shillong to take a decision to suspend several members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM). leaders who lead the party astray.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Rica Bareh said to avoid unhealthy foods like chips, chocolate and other sweet foods.
Along with the states of the region, Meghalaya has been directed by the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) to conduct earthquake preparedness and the program is scheduled to be held in June,
Nangbah Mulang beat Sohmynting 2-1 in the Super Division Football match of West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
The festival will be held at Madan Mooknor Narwan, East Jaintia Hills, about 90 km from Shillong and 30 km from Jowai, for two days on the 30th and 31st July
He said the second list of names will be announced soon.
The Behdeiñkhlam of the Raij Mukhla, which is the last Behdeiñkhlam to be held in Jaintia Hills.
At the time of writing, no information has been received whether there has been any tragic incident or the loss of employees in this incident. He inspected the construction of the new Dorbar Hall at Mawdiangdiang and said that the Dome has been completed by 75%.
However, if we turn back to our roots or foundations, we will become more and more ringsdot.
The MPFPO has distributed up to 170 Kgs of rice seeds to the farmers in the area.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated the student who has passed this examination which is one of the most difficult in India.
Teresa Phawa said that the Scouts-Guides Movement is an organization that works for the welfare of the people. Join Scouts and Guides to serve others.
“So I wait.
What these leaders have done is to distribute the houses.
On the 8th of June, the Sordars of Mawthaw, Mawmluh II, Urkhli, Mawliehpoh, Umsiej, Lawdibah and other villages, together with the leaders of FKJGP and KSU Rambrai Circle, A meeting was held at Mawthaw to discuss the issue of the non-response of the contractors to the land grabbing in the area.
Shillong, July 16: Meghalaya has received the National Startup Awards, 2022 as part of the celebration of the National Startup Day on Tuesday.
He said that this is the first time that as a minister he has opened a toilet, but in this opening of this toilet is important, because this is in public places and cleanliness is important. .
The benefits that these large industries have brought to the state since their arrival in the 1990s should be investigated.
But they that will be rich fall into temptation and a snare, and into many foolish and hurtful lusts, which drown men in destruction and perdition.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District today issued an order to extend the curfew in parts of Lumdiengjri Police Station, Sadar Police Station and other areas under the jurisdiction of Shillong. jongki, from 10 am to 7 pm.
Dayoo M Bareh (WJH South).
Police took Damut to court on Tuesday and the court remanded him in judicial custody.
“Look and wait for what I'll do even if it's a little bit,” said the father and went into the bedroom. "Please bring it here," said the father from the bedroom. "Let me go and get it," said the husband. I'll buy it too,” said the father to his mother.
Bah Rothell Khongsit said that the Puja of Pukan is a ritual which has been held since ancient times by four kurs who founded this village including Ponong, Lynrah, Majaw and The Khongsit clan used to hold the nguh ka dem once a year with a joyful celebration and it was called the Shad Puja.
Today, 6 people have died of covid
However, they receive one Grade IV employee. The C Category receives an honorarium of 9000 tyngka and travel expenses of 9000 tyngka.
Teiborlin Sanngrïang, who has a dark skin, a round shape, a blue hair, is about 4 feet 8 inches tall, and when he left home he was wearing a T White shirt and white jacket, jeans and slippers with blue straps.
A few months later, they decided to join the NPP along with both the MLAs and leaders, many of whom intended to leave the NPP and revive the PDF as mentioned above.
“In those areas where the MLAs of the party have resigned, we will have to consult with them first because they are the owners,” said Dr Mawthoh.
On behalf of Meghalaya, the new Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board, the Divisional Forest Officer Khasi Hills & Ri-Bhoi (T), the Veterinary Department and the Siri Culture Department were also present.
Yoodahunki Shylla President HYC War Jaintia said that these foreigners have been working in this house for almost two years but they don't even have a Labor Licence.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 27 cases and these 27 cases were randomly tested at Star Cement Factory in Lumshnong.
Two days after the public meeting, the People Democratic Forum (PDF) of the KHADC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs on the 9th of July. Community Hall Jaiaw Shyiap & Lum Pyllon to discuss the same issue.
May God grant eternal rest to the soul of Archbishop Dominic Jala.
Also present on the occasion were the Executive Members of the Dorbar Shnong Syad, the General Secretary of the KSU NKHD Unit, Bah James Hitler Mawphniang, donors, school children, parents and members of the Managing Committee. the school.
U.P School, Mr.L Suchen-SDO of MSSDS Labor Department West Jaintia Hills District, Mr.F Hujon-Cluster Coordinator of Laskein C& RD Block MSRLS, invitees: Mr.V Syngkon-Wazir Official, Mr.E Timung-Waheh Dong Barato-A, Mr.Sarlangki Dkhar-Village Secretary Barato-A. and the residents of the village and neighboring villages together with the students of RMSA Sec School Barato, Barato Govt UP School, Barato Presbyterian Sec School.
Shillong, Nailar 29: The All Meghalaya Contractors and Suppliers Association (AMC&SA) will hold a public meeting on the 2nd of this month at the State Central Library, at 12:00 pm to discuss many issues related to the country's economy. that contractor.
The party prays for Kong Christabel, that God will grant her a healthy body so that she can serve better not only the State, but especially the people. Irene Hujon, President and Rosetta War, Executive Member of the party, said.
It means that Jesus died, was resurrected, and is now in heaven at God's right hand.
In the second match which started at 1 pm at the SSA Stadium, MLP FT beat Lapalang SC by 7-1 goals.
Jony Bakordor Nongkhlaw scored the third goal in the 68th minute.
The KSU urges the State Government to immediately stop this activity so that there will be no disruption in the society and to think carefully before issuing such orders.
The three political parties, the Congress, TMC and VPP, which are in the Opposition, have less than six MLAs; The Congress has 5 MLAs, the TMC has 5 MLAs and the VPP has 4 MLAs. ) to accept the post of Leader of the Opposition, the Lamphang said that if there is such a group, he will look into it along with the advice received from legal experts.
Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the patient has not shown any signs of the disease.
In the first leg of the SPL Under-18, Rangdajied FC beat Smit 5-1 while in the other, Laban SC beat Nongrim Hills 4-0
Shillong, July 18: On the 20th July 2013, the Sur Ki Youth of Mawlai Circle, Convener Bah Wallamkupar Kharpran in collaboration with the KSU & FKJGP Mawlai Circle will hold a discussion on the Village. Administration Bill 2014 & 2015 will be held at 1 pm at Bus Stand, Mawlai Phudmuri.
He alleged that the government has failed to hold regular workshops due to the outbreak of the disease and many of the legitimate demands have disappeared.
According to reports, schools in North Tigray were planned to reopen three years ago, following the clashes between the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF) and the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF). The Central Government in these years has also warned that all schools and schools in the area should be closed down.
Saipung Police have registered a case under Section 174 CrPC and are investigating the death of these 14 persons on the night of the 6th in a house built for them.
“Furthermore, the Minister strongly warned that the government and the police will not forgive anyone who commits crimes.
The Prime Minister said the Defense Minister was surprised at the delay in the government's demands including the strengthening of the police force.
While the meeting was still in the midst of a dispute among the supporters of the party, who attended the meeting, the President of the party, Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit. He left the meeting without returning and at that time the supporters of the party, also went outside with anger and used 30 kinds of words to accuse and He also criticized the President of the party.
Hopefully in the coming years, we will be able to produce more such students who will bring glory not only to the department and the University but to the country as a whole.
Shillong, Nailar 20: The Observation Home (Juvenile) for boys under 18 years of age is in poor condition.
KHNAM MDCs Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit have worked hard to support Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait in the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. KHNAM Nongstoiñ has refused to support Fenella and has gone to support the candidate. They have gone around the constituency to campaign for Fenella. The HSPDP has been elected.
The 45 days, the time for the anointing of Jesus Christ to rule over this world.
Nongpoh, Nailur 13: With the aim of eradicating the backwardness of the villages in the Shakoikuna area on the border with Assam, the Rangbah Shnongs, Secretary Shnongs and Elders of six villages in the Shakoikuna area today held a meeting. In the area, they formed an organization known as the Shakhoikuna Area Border Development Organization (SAIBDO).
It may be recalled that in the past, this footpath was more frightening to those who walked and stood on this road because too many people used to sit on this road, especially in the dark. you are in heaven.
March 21: On the beautiful evening of Mawklot, on the 20th March 2022, Dr TK Kharbamon, Vice Chancellor of MLCU launched a book entitled “The Welsh Presbyterian Mission in Sylhet, Bangladesh and Jaintia Hills, Marilyn Lewis, daughter of the Lewis Missionaries of Wales.
Last month, we were checking at the Weighbridge for trucks passing without Challan but when asked they were High Level trucks,” said Bah Rymbai.
It is the women who should honor the longkni, because they are the ones who collect the bread and butter of the kur.
In October this year, the government appointed Peter S Dkhar (Retd IAS) and AK Mishra Advisor MHA North East (Retd IPS) as ksiang to lead the state and central governments. The HNLC has also appointed HNYF President Sadon K Blah as its ksiang to lead the peace talks.
She also demanded that to end the dispute between the NHAI and the road department, an inquiry should be sent to the CBI to find out who is responsible.
Petrol and diesel prices rose to T.72.43 per liter in Delhi, the highest price hike in the past three years.
Police have arrested Ajit Rabha, 18, and Kavita Rabha,
It is to be recalled that this constituency has been led by Dr. DD Lapang for many decades and after the retirement of Dr. DD Lapang, Bah Mayral Born Syiem has been appointed as the new constituency. MLA of this constituency and it can also be said that he has received the blessings of Dr. DD Lapang until the people elected Bah Mayral Born Syiem after the retirement of Dr. DD Lapang. you came to Hima Sima.
As the Rangbah Leader of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh Don Kupar Dkhar, he cannot help but be filled with joy and gratitude that in these 49 years of establishment of this college, it has begun to grow. There is a Computerized Library, Floodlit Basketball, a gym, a canteen and the most interesting thing is the increase in the number of children. or the students, who numbered thousands.
Colleges are not ready, the State Government is not ready and they say we are ready,” said the MCTA leader. General Secretary of the party, Dr. AW Rani informed about all the developments regarding the NEP, since 30th November, 2021 at a meeting held at St. Anthony's College where it was decided that if the NEP is implemented, The NEP in the State should make the MCTA the main group to participate in this process until the Non-Cooperation Movement (NCM) which started on 1st July, 2023.
However, Shangpliang replied that he left the BJP after he realized that there is no future in the party.
On the other hand, the MDC also promised to help several TB patients under Nikshay Mitra.
From time to time, there has been a stir over this issue and there have been clashes and injuries just because of the violation of trading licenses or searches of Dkhars who trade on the streets and in shops. know which ones are licensed and which ones are not.
Bah Syiem said the Council needs to be united and gave an example of the demand of Para 12 (A) Sixth Scheduled to strengthen the Council.
Nongstoiñ, March 4: The cultivation of sla sha in West Khasi Hills has started for a long time, but until now, this work has not appeared in this district.
Revelation 6:1-6
Miani, who raised the issue, which was later withdrawn, said the Finance Ministry of the Union Government has amended the Regional Rural Bank Act 1976, in which the foreigners who do not speak the language of the people of any place, should be trained for six months to learn and if they do not learn, they shall extend it to six months and this rule has affected the people of this place. the state, where others have come to work from abroad.
?(Revelation 1:2)In the world but not of the world: When we look at these words in this theme, they are words that are not very clear to many. Those who are more interested in the thoughts and ideas of man to understand and clarify this word especially in those parts which say "In the world but not of" The earth was created by God (Gen 1) and has a round shape and according to research scientists have found that God created it. earth by exposing only to the atmosphere and to other planets nearby.
Traders have burnt Chinese-made goods to protest against China's refusal to support India's demand for the overthrow of Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar. , as the world's most dangerous hero.
Announcing to the media, on the second day, 6th November 2022, that as a sign of remembrance of this leader of the National Party, the works he has done and as part of the The 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya and the HSPDP have now celebrated their 54th anniversary.
The Sordar said that it is suspected that these three persons were drowned in the Wah Blei because at about 8 o'clock these three persons were standing khwai in one of them. a large boulder near the river.
To date, up to 14,500 participants have applied for the Talent Identification Program using scientific methods to identify talented youngsters.
This shows that the opposition has not been divided.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah D Kharkrang expressed his gratitude to the school for taking the initiative to conduct such a program for the purpose of providing training to the students besides their textbooks. classrooms should also know how to preserve and love the environment and also to love to plant, bury and care for the environment as many people have destroyed and destroyed the wealth of the environment by cutting down trees. kill and destroy all kinds of animals and living things that God has created on this earth.
I don't want to be one to turn off the light, so it's better for me to leave this party.
Furthermore, in the petition sent to the Minister of Electricity, the RBYF said that Ri Bhoi District is one of the districts with the highest number of electricity consumers and that is, from the collection of revenue. MePDCL, where the annual revenue is not less than T.29 to T.klur per annum.
The lack of discipline is the main cause of traffic jams on the roads due to the rudeness of the drivers.
This helps to grow that plant.
He said that this decision of the MJACCV is also due to the government's insistence on the government's non-forgiveness of taxes, which the drivers have to pay.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: After the SSA teachers under the umbrella of the Meghalaya Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan School Association (MSSASA) appealed to the High Court of Meghalaya, the state government on Tuesday informed the SSA teachers. The HC has decided to pay all the outstanding 8 month arrears to the teachers which amounts to Rs 47 crore.
, 1972 Clause 2.2 allows for the reservation of up to 80% of the Garo and Khasi-Jaintia in the District. level.
The AJYWO also demanded the construction of a District Auditorium and Library, the immediate repair of the NH-6 and the construction of a four lane road from Damsite to Malidor East. Jaintia Hills District and other urgent development projects.
4.61 grams of heroin was recovered from his body.
She said that the T.1000 scheme for the poor women should be given their own because the women are the poorest in the society and the government should do better for these women who are facing difficulties. such problems.
Thus the relationship between the Khasi Hima and the Foreign Government was through Vice-Roy.
In previous years, the first and second parts of Young Guns were produced by 20th Century Fox in collaboration with Warner Bros. and Estevez played the lead role.
Shri Arnes SyntemSecretary Mynso Dorbar Shri Haran DharChairman Mynso Dorbar Shri RM Khlem Mynso B. The number of worshipers increased and the house and the balcony began to fill.
About Akhil Bhartiya Shiksha Samagam (29th– 30th November): Considering India's vision of having an economy of Rs 5 trillion during the Amrit Kaal era, all sectors of the economy must be strengthened. document through the provision of educated and experienced leaders in the field.
National honours:2018: Padma Bhushan2009: Padma Shri2007-08: Rajiv Gandhi Khel Ratna.
According to a report from the Home Department, up to 3,022 residents of Manipur have taken refuge in the border area with Assam (Kolasib district); while 2,875 and 2,252 people have taken refuge in Aizawl and Saitual districts.
Many of the people in these villages live from agriculture but the weather conditions have destroyed all the crops which has destroyed the people of the village so the government needs to Open other roads so that the people can get jobs by improving the road to promote tourism through Lum Mawthadraishan.
Shillong, November 11: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in North Shillong Constituency has gained strength after its leaders went to every house and village to explain to the people that the BJP The ruling party in Delhi and the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government in the state is not against Christians and against customs and traditions as explained by others. On Saturday, hundreds of parents, mothers and youths registered as BJP members in the registration process. in the village of Riatsamthiah, Shillong.
Special speakers on the occasion included Bah W.Kharpran, Block Program Manager who spoke on the work of JAS, VHC and their role in the society.
In recent months, SSA teachers have also staged a strike by taking to the streets to demand their salaries.
Speaking to media, Bah Kordorlang Lyngdoh, one of the leaders of the SDS, said that the NHM employees demand that the government should revise the rationalization of the employees after the cut. your salary.
However, we see that this Leader has first surrendered himself to God and he can stand firm and decide to fast indefinitely from 23rd January to 1st July
According to the report of the Deputy Commissioner's Office on November 3, 2013, it was reported that there was an illegal attempt to mine coal using explosives. The Liat Prah Creek in Shnongrim, East Jaintia Hills, has been destroyed.
Support staff: Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash S Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dister Marbaniang (manager).
“It is an attempt to defame the prime minister and my government,” he said.
To create about 2500 jobs whether employed with companies or related jobs for Meghalayans in these two years to come.
“Dream, hope and order in these things are very important,” said the Deputy Commissioner as a bright future awaits for each and every child.
Furthermore, on the polling day, the Excise Department of the State seized 1450 liters of IMFL worth Rs 4 lakh tyngka.
Pyrdung Moochut SC beat Lelad SC 4-0 with Kinson Bareh 17', Mit Bareh 27', Rahuh Bareh 47' and Vinson Chyrmang 68'
The Government has also issued directives not to allow the transportation of pigs, fertilizers, meat including equipment from pig farms and also medicines to treat these pigs from these villages. Infected Zones have been recognized as Surveillance Zones and villages that have not yet been infected.
Before the end of the match, Lum paring tried again to control the match and it was seen that the crowd cheered to encourage the team but the horkit hordang could not break the defenders. Laitkor's strong team stood firm to take the lead and won 4-1
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Government has arranged for Ministers and Parliamentary Secretaries to raise the Indian flag in all parts of the state on Independence Day.
The union also said that the daily wage should be increased, as the wage is still low compared to other villages.
Laitjem CC won by three wickets against Marbisu CC and Arnold Shadap was named Player of the Match.
“But in a democratic country, which gives freedom to a person, it is up to him (Antonio),” she said.
"Have we not been on the road to destruction?"
The funeral service will be held on the 25th June 2019 at the Presbyterian Church, Laitlyngkot.
HYC War Jaintia Circle Publicity Officer Riki Mukhim urged the HYC War Jaintia Circle to take action against this road.
The pandit was also persuaded to complete the marriage ceremony and Kshama would marry herself and herself, in the presence of her relatives and friends, while her parents, I'm watching your video.
“We have lodged a complaint with the Sub-Divisional School Education Officer (SDESO) against Aidalin who has a disability and cannot teach the children because she has a disability in her legs,” he said. Expenditure.
“Therefore, we are still waiting for the confirmation from the Prime Minister's Office that the year will come on that day and therefore we have to wait for the date,” he said.
Jaintia Hills , which had the hero Woh Kiang Nangbah who fought for the country , does the government want to leave Jaintia Hills ? The Constitution of India in Article 29 clearly states that any tribe has the right to protect and preserve its language and customs and why does the Prime Minister say according to the law? What kind of law is it that aims to destroy the rights of Jaintia Hills which is one of the major tribes of the state? “The party is pleased to express that when it is written in the articles that Meghalaya has three hill tribes, why should one be removed? “The party also urges the nine MLAs and 30 MDCs not to remain silent but to speak out on this issue. Jaintia Hills should not be destroyed because this will hurt the Jaintia people.
These toilets are well covered with tyllai and written in a letter prohibiting the opening and use of these toilets but some of the children have gone to open them and shon shape.
Meghalaya's annual growth in milk, butter and meat production in the last three years has been only 2.76 per cent, 1.47 per cent and 2.95 per cent respectively.
“Singh has confessed that he has given Surakhpur and Divyanshu accommodation at his residence in Devgarh, Ayodhya and at his flat in Gomti Nagar Vistar, Lucknow. times," said the NIA chief.The Maharashtra government on Tuesday announced the release of financial assistance worth Rs 1,500 crore for farmers hit by the damage of crops due to heavy rainfall during the 2022 winter.
The opposition rally scheduled to be held in Bengaluru will be held on 17 and 18 November, the Congress party announced on Tuesday.
We don't accept that it is those political parties who want to disturb or those who want glory but we are those political parties who want to protect the land and the border.
Therefore, the JAC requests the people and Rangbah Shnongs not to allow the army to buy land in the village and at the same time in this regard as the union of Four organizations have also requested the DC of Ri Bhoi and the state government not to allow the Assam Rifle to buy land in the village, he added.
These include EGH: 12, EJH: 01, EKH: 147, NGH: 01, RBD: 36, SWGH: 01, SWKH: 34, WGH: 37, WJH: 21 and WKH:
Many MDCs have criticized the interview for the appointment of Magistrates in the District Council Court and alleged that the increase in the full mark to 500 marks in the personal interview is an attempt to give more opportunities to someone and another. The KHADC has been criticized for increasing the age of candidates from 30 years to 40 years for ST/Sc candidates. it is the purpose of involving people who have no idea.
“Even though Bah Lambor Malngiang is an MLA now, he is not a member of the UDP party and if he is the only one who has joined the party, I would have thought twice about this. Other independent MLAs can join themselves. Why is it difficult for Bah Malngiang to join the party? This is like talking about the person who founded the UDP and the person who doesn't want to join the party. “The party is now nearing the end of its term,” said Bah Lanong.
In many villages, the people have expressed their reluctance to go to Assam through the Gift and Take Policy, which was agreed between Conrad Sangma and Hemanta Biswa Sarma.
He said the party meeting today in East Khasi Hills has decided to strengthen the party in all the blocks and units in order to bring victory to the MP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh.
He alleged that it is the NPP party which has turned away the people where party president Conrad K Sangma has said that if the CAB is accepted, the NPP will withdraw from the NDA and NEDA, but NPP MP Agatha Sangma has supported the CAB in Parliament.
On the other hand, Defense Minister James K Sangma said that a march has been sent by the army in the city to curb the incident.
Speaking to reporters, UDP General Secretary Allan F Dkhar said that the Lok Sabha elections have nothing to do with the ARPA in KHADC because the UDP wants the rule of the people. The UDP does not want to allow the Congress party to come to power.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Ministry of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong today said that the Government is waiting for the decision of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) on the issue of The Government has requested that the leaders of the party should attend the peace talks.
He also called on the youth to turn to tourism as a source of employment.
“When Purno A Sangma was Prime Minister in the past, I was the one who proposed to be Purno's Prime Minister,” said Bah Shylla. .
He said that as a party that maintains order, it will look for ways and means to resolve any problems of its members.
Three others are still at Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong and nine others have recovered.
Khliehriat Block Congress Committee (KBCC) was revived at a meeting held on the 28th of this month. The meeting was chaired by the Vice President of KBCC, Bah G.Phawa and The President, Bah T.Sana, also delivered a keynote address.
The Minister said the government is trying to talk to the management of GVK EMRI and the employees to give their opinion to resolve this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 22 : Meghalaya is a hilly state where 80% of the population lives in rural areas.
Dr Sangma, accompanied by DGP Peter JP Haneman and Principal Secretary to the CM, KS Kropha, visited Tura after the incident on July 21 to assess the situation in Garo Hills. .
There are also people who read only to get excuses.
The SSSSU demanded that the doctors involved in this case should be punished and the authorities of NEIGRIHMS who allowed them to do this should be punished.
At present, almost all the rebel groups in Nagaland are under a ceasefire with the Government of India and the Government of Nagaland.
On the same day, the Wildlife Week organized by the Wildlife Wing, Jaintia Hills and the Divisional Forest Officer, Jaintia Hills was also concluded.
He said that the health department officials came to do the tests today, but it took up to a day to do the tests, as they are high risk contacts of the country. covid patients.
“We care for all the citizens of the state and I feel it is necessary for the government to ensure peace and order,” he said.
Police have recovered 11 soap boxes containing heroin weighing 139.98 grams, an Aadhar Card, a PAN Card, a mobile phone and a Tata Sumo. number ML 05 N
“It will greatly improve the status of the villages, it will improve in various fields from sports and others,” said Bah Bindo.
The funeral services for Bah RG Lyngdoh were held at his residence in Nongrim Hills by the Baptist Church before his body was taken to Mawbah for cremation.
The training will be for children born in 2007, 2008, 2009 and
In 1983, Dr Bajubon R Kharlukhi was elected as MP of the Lok Sabha from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and won the election from the APHLC. He was also the Principal of UCC College, the founder and Principal of Mawlai Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Mawlai Presbyterian College.
Ampareen Lyngdoh, who is the only Women's Minister.
The panelists also said that NEHU is the best place to run such a Coaching Center.
However, the Congress, CPI (M) and BSP declined by 16.42% (Rs 88.90 crore), 12.68% (Rs 20.575 crore) and 33.14% (Rs 14.508 crore).
He said that it was the 11 Salesian Missionaries from Italy, France, Spain and San Marino under the leadership of Father Louis Mathias who arrived in Shillong on the 13th of July,
One of the demands of Bah Adelbert is that the KHADC should implement the order of the Supreme Court issued in 2006 and this should immediately abolish the Schedule Tribe (ST) status of the children. of those who have married foreigners.
The Bill was submitted to the incumbent CEM, Bah Titus Chyne on 13.2.22 by the members of the Committee present.
Earlier, the Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Babu RS Marbaniang also allowed the candidates to speak on many issues especially related to the problems of unemployment, education, youth in Sports, Border Issues, Health, Reservation Policy, Inner Line Permit, Land Transfer Act, Traffic Congestion, and Recognition of Dorbar Shnongs.
For this reason, those who have spent money to sit in office for five years will not take advantage of the laws but to fulfill the needs of the people and the promises they have forgotten.
He said that the Pule-Dangle department has already transferred the children from the few schools enrolled to other neighboring schools, but there are still some schools in the area. -So many places far from the villages and such schools the department cannot just relocate the children.
It is time to review the Resolution No.PER.222/71/138 dated Shillong, 12th July, 1972 because (a) it has been issued. (b) 9(nine) days before we get a full State, according to the law on the night of July, 20-21, 1972, and less than 2 (two) months before the first elections held on October 9,
“We have not received any reply from the Deputy Chief Minister,” said the youths, adding that the Deputy Chief Minister's action shows that the government does not want to resolve their issue. student, they said.
Those who attended the distribution of medicines to these areas, besides Bah Sosthenes Sohtun MLA, Bah Victor Rani, MDC and other elders of the area.
When it comes to the customs and traditions of the ancestors, it is found that the Lyngdohsohblei who holds the religion and customs of the ancestors, the Nongshat Nongkhein or the Knia Rangbah (Kni Waheh) Without the PHALI of JAINSPONG, they are happy and happy, they feel that they don't have the power or authority to call God-God or Gods and they feel that they are not chosen among many to lead. in speaking or advocating for the needs of the community, especially in connection with the work of God.
Two of them are in Mookyndur and one is in Wahiajer.
The coronavirus has spread around the world and has spread to the North East, but the State is fortunate to have only one death and 12 recoveries. Two new cases have been confirmed in Garo Hills.
The reason is that the road from Sopnapur to Huroi is very bad and even during the rainy season the road is narrow and small vehicles cannot pass, except Bolero Pick Ups and Four Wheel Vehicles. .
“The BJP is a party of all without discrimination especially under the skills and greatness of Prime Minister Narendra Modi,” he said.
The Congress party has not yet decided not only on Tura but also in other parts of India,” he said.
What the prophets of old said, the Jews did not believe, they did something against the will of God, they walked only in their own religions and customs and worshiped idols as much as they could.
“It is regrettable that no action has been taken against those people involved in illegal appointments in the education department who have not been punished by the law although the education department has accepted this illegal act.
He said that four C&RD Block have been allocated for the creation of Mawlai, Bhoirymbong, Demdema Block and Rerapara.
Hundreds of NPP workers and supporters in Nongpoh Constituency have fled and joined the UDP on Thursday and on Saturday, hundreds of NPP supporters in Lawsohtun. They have fled and joined the UDP under the leadership of MDC Mitchel Wankhar.
Nongstoin, March 23 :The Election Commission (ECC) has announced the date for the mid-term elections in Nongstoin. She also urged them to be ready to nominate themselves for the purpose of applying for tickets from various political parties so that they can contest the elections. khim too much for them.
It is prohibited to break in the rivers any idols made by hand or by the authorities on the grounds of protection and prevention of the breaking of the rivers from the pollution caused by the spread of idols. to public places or streams.
Grace filed her nomination papers as an independent candidate for SDO (civil) L Kynjing, accompanied by her husband Donkupar Massar and supporters.
Meghalaya's Swarajeet Das (9) and Wallam Lyngdoh Kynshi scored 45 runs for the first wicket while Kynshi and Amiangshu Sen fell for 27 runs while Punit Bisht (6) and Ravi Teja (6). 21).
Police said that the ANVC leader has earned money in the name of the ANVC and has bought several plots of land in Deku , South Garo Hills and also has a house in Guwahati and other places .
At the same time, the Shnong requests the authorities to take action so that the people will not be affected.
Through this statement, it was informed that the union has received complaints from the public because even in the darkness of the sky, the vehicles are driving fast without burning the lights of the vehicles. The roads are inadequate and unsafe because there are many bad things in the middle of the roads, many bad things in the middle of the roads.
“This decision to join the BJP was not taken by the leaders alone but with the consent of the people,” said Manstudy.
From these, there will be a song to come,” said Sawian.
Speaking one after another, the leaders of these four organizations, said that their protest has become more intense in these months, due to the impact of the COVOD-19 pandemic, but now when They saw that the government has tightened the rules on the COVID-19 pandemic, which has prompted these leaders of these four organizations to take a decision, in order to demand from the government to implement it. the demands they have been making for all these years.
In two complaints lodged by VPP Finance Secretary and Election Agent Danny Langstieh to the SP of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi said that recently a Facebook account called “Ka Sur U Myndie Ia ka Ri Ka Jaidbynriew," she said on social media and in the media posts on Facebook to disgrace the VPP party by writing the word 'Prah' even in the death news. people who appear on youtube as well as in relation to the presence of exploiters who criticize even religious leaders with rude words followed by the word 'Prah.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Basaiawmoit has demanded that the leaders of the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) should resign from the government. after the defeat in the Lok Sabha MP elections from all four seats, Shillong and Tura.
Please don't lose your honor.
In addition, the VPP aims to preserve the customs and traditions of the indigenous peoples as well as to bring about the preservation of the environment and to repair the damaged areas.
And that is what he proclaimed, “Who has believed our proclamation?
The decision to bring back Pa'iem Ricky Nelson Syiem has been criticized by some of the Executive Members who have not signed the order including the EM of the Elaka Department, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit. that among all the EMs who signed, there were only
Leningstar Rymbai President of JSM, said that the leaders of these 27 villages since April 7, 2016 under the banner of the Raid Tuber Elaka Demand Committee at Tuberkmai Village, East Jaintia Hills District, have expressed their support for the to divide the Jowai District and to create the Tuber District.
“In 2023, the state government has taken the case to the Supreme Court and the first hearing was held on 11th November and until now the case is still pending in the Supreme Court. Supreme Court" he said.
In terms of the distribution of children, we Bhoi give the same distribution to our daughters and sons, therefore, even if they marry from abroad, the men bring in their own place and foundation. .
We condemn this,” he said.
Thirteen men and 26 women were injured.
Tura, Lber 25 : The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) together with various civil society organizations in Garo Hills have demanded that the government should appoint a Magistrate to inquire into the stinging of the Headmaster of Rengsinpara Secondary School, Suresh Newar. and the school employee Vijoy Chettry for their stingy calculation that 15 students of the school will fail to take the final examination of the SSLC which will start on the 24th of this month.
Hope: At such times, hope should be in front of us.
Marak, a member of the ANEIGLPA, has filed a complaint against the ST status of the Prime Minister.
The Umiew River is the east side of the Umiam-Mawphlang River.
Speaking to reporters, he said that as the KSU has a policy of renewing the full office bearers of the GEC once every three years, on the 22nd June 2020 there will be a meeting. General election to renew the office bearers of the KSU. He said that from today onwards, the KSU will not hold any new branches or new units until it receives a general election. others are newly employed.
After the match, an award ceremony was conducted by Assistant Headmaster Kyllimot Lhuid and Headmaster Eskhemborlang Bang gave a speech. Six cows have died after being hit by a pyrthat at Lurniang village in Amlarem, West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
The incident happened near Bijaygunj Bazaar, about 1km from the Block Development Office (BDO) where the registration process was going on.
We also cannot refuse to revive not only the HNLC but many more parties will emerge than the HNLC to fight for the rights of the people of Ri U Hynniewtrep through the arms,” she said. announcement.
“Just as they have not given any sign that they will return, so the Congress has not given any sign that it will accept them even if they return,” said Bah Syiem when asked how the party has decided for the five candidates. Your MLA will contest the 2023 MLA election.
This issue cannot be discussed only with the state government but also with the central government because there are many reasons for this increase not only from the GST. The State Government but it is from the Central Government because there are many issues that affect this increase in the price of food and beverages and even the tynsong lyer shet jingshet.
On the other hand, Bah Peter J Lawai expressed his gratitude to the MDC for his efforts for the benefit of the residents.
The one who was covered did not show that there was any fear or any danger, but that he was covered like a human being.
The future generation will remember her as a foremost leader in preserving the culture of India, in which her beautiful and melodious voices have comforted the people of the country. ".
Ehrngiew FC won the title this year after beating YBSC Shella 3-0 in the final which was held on 6th June. 3) Ehrngiew FC scored the only goal for Ehrngiew FC in the 23rd, 60th and 66th minutes. sea ​​and of the Match.
Not only that, even the MLAs who have been elected by the people are more likely to turn to the NPP because they see that it is in power.
However, this time Lajong will have to play against a stronger team that has won the I-League title twice, Gokulam Kerala, which has continued its strong journey so far. you have won 3 times and lost 10 times.
Pator, Langdoh, Sangot, Wasan and Kñi from different kurs were present at the consecration of the Aitnar.
According to him, the party is now considering all aspects especially when there are some MLAs from other parties who will join and contest from the party in
At the same time, the spokesperson said that the party will not cooperate with anyone in the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The facts and actions that appear to the public are different,” said the Forum in a statement sent by its Secretary Rev.EH Kharkongor.
“We are grateful to the religious leaders, civil society groups and the people of Garo Hills who have taken the initiative to guide these youths to the right path after they have been misled,” said Mehta.
Dozens of churches, places of worship, homes, schools and schools were also burnt down, until the police and army joined hands, because they used guns and according to articles circulating in newspapers and social media, internet and confirmed.
There are also government posts which have become vacant due to the temporary death of some government employees, there are also some government employees, who for some personal reason, have resigned.
Those who wish to apply should have completed a Master Degree in Commerce and a B.Ed.
The Congress has strongly criticized Modi for his statement that the Gandhis do not use the Nehru clan and the Congress has said that this shows that Modi does not understand. good faith for the culture of India.
Regarding these remarks, CEM Pynshngain N Syiem said that it is not the duty of the PDf to cooperate with the ARPA but it is the duty of the ARPA to cooperate with the PDF. “The ARPA has not yet formed a permanent EC,” said Pynshngain, who explained that this is because the ARPA has not yet formed a permanent EC.
The production of these factories started in 2017 in the Shallang area.
Agra, June 16: Hindu militants have attacked a church in Agra today, destroying many parts of St Mary's Church, which is also located near the church. Tal Mahal and erected two statues, said the priest of the church, Eugene Lazarus.
In this regard, the FKJGP, which has lodged a complaint with the DC together with some of the residents after receiving the RTI replies from the office of the BDO Thadlaskein, has urged the residents to come to the public. hearing to clarify the issue.
Two UDP leaders, Senstar G Momin, Vice-President of the UDP and President of the Rongjeng Election Committee of the UDP, Penchal Marak is the secretary of the election committee of the UDP party in the constituency.
Besides, he encouraged the students in the state to try to farm at home and at school.
Expressing his concern over the lack of attention of the people of the state to get the Covid-19 vaccine, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the people should not be afraid or discouraged, but should take the vaccine. by injecting themselves at the places where the government has appointed health workers to inject the people.
The first church in RI KHASI JAINTIA was founded at NONGSAWLIA on the 8th March 1846 where the first Christians, AMOR and RUJON, were baptized. Luh & Ramzan.
She said that there are about 79 villages without vehicles in the area and therefore the government has decided to move the Sub Centers or Health & Wellness Centers to such places. for the sake of service to the people.
Not only did it fall into the crematoria of Sohra but the sound of the shouting and shouting of the victorious sides rose and sounded and spread to the sky until the people living near Sohra heard it.
The lack of teachers in the government has angered the union as it will affect the education of the children.
“Even the opposition parties don't support him, so I think we have to discuss this issue in the right way,” he said.
It is estimated that the collapse of the road near the river may have been caused by the use of JCBs to collect the garbage during the cleaning of the river. soil and stones inside the river, which has caused the collapse of the road along the river.
At the end of the meeting, a short documentary film was released to explain the neglect of Domiasiat village, which can be seen on the youtube channel of Presbyterian Youth Today.
In the second semifinal, Mochut Pyrdung SC beat Daistong SC 3-0. Three goals were scored by Thomas Dkhar in the 38th minute, Bikral Chyrmang in the 47th minute and Rahul Bareh in the 59th minute.
The soldiers have lodged a complaint with the Muktapur PP Police Station and the police have urged the owners of the cows or anyone who has information about the stolen cows to come to the police station to comply with the requirements of the law.
Shillong, July 27: The Commissioner of Food Safety, Kong RM Kurbah, today announced that the ban on import of fish from Andhra Pradesh has been lifted from the 24th of this month.
She said that Congress General Secretary KC Venugopal and JD(U) Chief Leader Lalan Singh were present at the meeting. Kumar and Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal called on the opposition parties to unite and fight against the BJP. The JD(U) leader said that he met the AAP leader at his residence and expressed his support to him at this time of difference of opinion between the two parties. local government on its aggression merely being in power.
“We will soon send them what the government has prepared and after that we will convene another meeting.
Police today arrested Jai Kishore, Manager of CCL International Limited, for delaying the construction of the National Highway
He said one FIR was lodged by the family member of the victim, Bah Riverskhem Nongkynrih and another FIR was lodged by the BSF against the victim at Pynursla police station.
The VPP has announced its party symbol (U Prah) at the same venue before the start of the 2023 MLA election campaign.
However, after hearing the noise, they went to the residence of the police chief and found him lying lyngktar between the blood and the door of the bedroom where the police chief was. it opened.
Banteilang Kharbamon scored 29 runs from 29 balls and Kyrsoi Kharbamon scored 28 runs from 31 balls while Nangkiew Don took two wickets for 13 runs in 4 overs. .
Greville Kharlukhi in the presence of JHDS Director Fr. Manbha Pakem, JHDS Coordinator Denis Kurkalang and other staff of JHDS. Certificates and cupboards were distributed to 20 trainees.
The Mizoram government has strongly condemned the Assam government and expressed its condolences to the injured.
Meanwhile, Sampath Kumar expressed the difficulty of reaching the 7,000 villages in the area and expressed the need for the community to participate, the provision of doctors, Village Health Council (VHC). ) and Self-Help Groups (SHGs) in the prevention of tuberculosis.
“We will recruit young people to work in this organization for various jobs related to this industry.
The General Secretary of the RBYWO, Samla Kenny Nongrum, has expressed this concern after receiving a complaint from the district owners who used to provide food during the elections that they have not been able to deliver food. and others from outside the District.
He said that the AADHAR, which the UPA introduced, was not ordered to be implemented properly, but the BJP has destroyed the foundation by ordering it to be implemented properly in order to manage the people.
All these are the duties of the MLAs, not to be VIPs and to drive wherever they are to avoid contact with people.
“The purpose of this meeting was to discuss the incident and to ensure that disciplinary action is taken according to the rules and regulations of the University,” said NEHU PRO Dr Davidson Pyngrope.
Therefore, the union urges the government and the leaders elected by the people to take care of the development works especially to establish a Civil Sub-Division and also to upgrade the Patharkhmah Police Outpost to Police Station, concluded the statement.
“There are still many illegal immigrants and we as the police here in East Jaintia Hills are facing a lot of difficulties in arresting them due to the lack of staff,” he said.
“The enactment of the Uniform Civil Code will bring about a complete amendment to the new Constitution of India.
Yes, the Bible says that God will give us the desires of our hearts (Psalm 37:4), but we must first please Him. must fear God and seek His face on what we want to choose in our path.
He said the government will soon inaugurate another pending project of the Mariot Hotel on Jail Road.
She said that we should not take this disease stingy even if it does not exist in these areas, but we should be vigilant and think carefully, to avoid traveling to other places, from places where Many people, to follow the rules when shopping, when going to banks and to do as much as possible not to leave home, except when there is too much work.
The Waheh Shnong of Umkiang, said, “The road is no longer a road, the bridge is no longer a bridge.
“When I went to contest the election, many people said I was a rebel, they were afraid,” he said. Everyone but the residents, the parents and the families supported and won”.
Forty-five days the whole land shall be turned into a plain from Geba to Rimmon on the east.
The song is produced by Alister Nongdhar of Krazie Feet Productions.
When inquired from the KHNAM, which has two MDCs, it said that it is still firmly in the Executive Committee led by Bah Pynshngain.
This is getting even more infuriating.
Sohtun said that as usual, the residents of Block II used to have the right to elect leaders from MPs, MLAs and MDCs in the two states, Assam and Meghalaya, but now this time. , have decided to take part in the MP elections in Assam.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Treibor Thyrniang, President of HITO and In-charge of HITO. Syiemlieh and welcome speech by Samla Polius Thyrniang, President of HITO, South West Khasi Hills District.
In a statement, the MHRC said it has taken notice of the incident and has sent a letter to the DGP requesting him to submit an Action Taken Report within 15 days.
“The Chief Engineer has made it clear that the construction of PMGSY roads should be strict and should be carried out according to the rules for the construction of roads in any place.
There are also 1742 polling stations that will be webcast on the Internet.
Although the party did not receive permission to hold a big celebration, the flags of the party and the demands were raised at the venue of the Maitshaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament. KSU Mawlai Circle has been established in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
It may be recalled that SAM had already held the Meghalaya State Shooting Championship 2021 10 months ago after the Government authorities allowed the team to hold the championship.
SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk has agreed to fight alone with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In the Men's Body Building 55 kg category, Viany Colas Skhar Byngar of Elite Gym won the second prize, Zebedee WR Jyrwa of Power House Gym won the third prize. Mewan Kyrshanlang Shullai of Wan's Gym Sohra and Arnes Wanniang of Royal Gym.
He also urged the market vendors and market dwellers to follow the rules as they know to stay away from each other, to wash their hands regularly and to wear masks. (Mask).
The BJP has questioned the government's inability to formulate a mining plan as the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has ordered the government for months.
The rule was imposed to restrict the movement of vehicles after the bridge had a breakdown in the clean Lyntang. While the workers are repairing the bridge, the drivers have been warned. that they should not pass through this bridge.
The Mawhati MDC informed the Dorbar that if the Khasi do not pay the tax, the punishment for them is death.
He said that there are Himas like Mylliem, Bhowal, Jyrngam and others which do not have laws but do not have rules.
He said that through the KHADC, it can also bring back strong customs and traditions and empower the Hima to strengthen the Khadar rule in the administration.
“The Congress is the tallest tree and that is why they have cut it down but in the end we will see the true picture,” he said.
With the advent of mobile phones, young people have started to learn many things.
On the death of Archbishop Dominic Jala, The Week reported that Father Mawthew Vellankal, a Kerala priest who works in the United States, died with him. and the Archbishop, in the tragic car accident in California, on Friday (local time).
Sanki Langstang scored the first goal of the match in the 86th minute.
But I say unto you, That ye also be ashamed.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma was the chief guest in the presence of MS Rao, IAS, Chief Secretary.
Gurjit Singh bowled 3 overs for 18 runs and took 2 wickets while Nabindu Das bowled 4 overs for 15 runs and took 3 wickets.
Cases rose sharply in Florida, Georgia, South Carolina and Nevada on Saturday.
On the other hand, he also congratulated the residents of Maikhuli who fought against the Assam Police to destroy the signboard. also part of the protection of the land of the state.
Therefore, the fear of the infiltration of foreign authorities into the state is a real threat and the cooperation of all parties is needed to be vigilant and curb the infiltration of foreign authorities.
It is estimated that 15 to 18% of the villages have lost their electricity supply and about 4-5% have not yet supplied electricity.
According to reports, the earthquake claimed the lives of about 140 people and injured more than 155 others.
“I have already stated that this struggle for the inclusion of the language in the Sixth Schedule is not only for the recognition of the language of any State or Jaydybnriew but it will be a sign that the Government of India also respects and recognizes the every one of them," the Prime Minister said.
In the past years, the state government has allocated T.6.07 crore to assist farmers who have lost their crops and this has been done according to the survey of the National Statistics Office or NSO,” he said.
God sent the prophet Jonah to go to the great city of Nineveh to preach against its wickedness.
Shillong, Lber 21: Shillong Lajong FC will play again in the I-League against Inter Kashi at 7 pm today at the Kalyani Stadium, Kolkata.
Remember don't make a mistake because this is a day to remember Mawkynrew constituency in 2023,” he added.
He said that the BJP will contest from all 60 constituencies and out of these about 40 constituencies are those which the BJP will contest and hope to win and they also have no candidates.
Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh, President of the HYC, West Khasi Hills, said that the HYC has taken this step because it is painful to see our brothers and sisters being insulted, insulted and The union cannot ignore the shooting and bombing of the brothers by the police through the instigation of the owners and employees of the dewbilat factory.
The Creator The Creator;Blessings be upon you.
The song was produced by Khasi Pyrshang and the video and editing was done by Donbok Marngar.
This is the ark of God and it must reach the land of God.
In the semi final of Lamin, Thangbuli Circle beat Mupyut Circle 2-1 through goals scored by Pdianghun Suting and Pdianghun Suting. Dibormi Kassar scored the first goal for Mupyut.
Continuing to score 64 runs for the loss of five wickets on the third day of the first innings, Punjab beat Punjab for 419/6 wickets. 10 runs, and had to chase again in the second innings but lost all wickets for only 140 runs.
He said that besides the damage, the most painful thing for the people is the damage to the crops, including Tympew and Kwai, which have been damaged by the Phria.
Shillong: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, today said that Amit Shah, Minister of Home Affairs, has not found anything to say that the Meghalaya wants to implement the ILP in the state and abolish the Sixth Schedule or wants to get the ILP and abolish the Autonomous District Councils in Meghalaya; in a recent meeting in Delhi with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
He said that he has been talking about the power sector in the state since 2006-2007 and added that the people should understand the need for electricity, because if the resources MeECL's projects have been destroyed due to negligence and greed, the state will face problems in the future.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Kerala FC 3-1 in the I-League on Saturday.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its readiness to work with the KHADC to curb the illegal trafficking of foreigners in these areas.
The elders of the Seiñraij Mukhla under the leadership of Langdoh and the Waheh Sankur went to Madan Tih Khyndaw to erect the tree which is also the Khnong Blai, and later the tree of Mukhla Nongrim was erected at Madan Slot Masi. and then the tree brought from Mukhla Umlangshor.
Whether CM Conrad K Sangma has been able to implement the ILp as passed by the Meghalaya Assembly?
These women, who numbered about 250, who marched, demanded, “Produce water every day otherwise we will close down the PHE”.
The residents immediately informed the Umkiang Police Station who came to take the body.
Kyrmen also stressed the need to provide public information on various schemes from the Social Welfare Department and urged government officials, ASHAs, Aganwadis and Village Authorities to take action on this. He also urged the people to visit the government departments in the district to get information on the various schemes that come from the government.
When asked whether these foreigners are foreigners, Passah said, “I don't know if they are good or bad, how can we know if they don't even have a Labor Licence?” he said.
Our party has promoted an indigenous woman to the post of President of the country and elected an indigenous woman as the Chief Minister of the state,” she said.
Honda also conducts daily training sessions by conducting road safety games and quizzes to ensure that children understand and understand about road safety.
This difference of opinion between the two departments has caused problems to the residents of Umjaiur where the roads which used to be suitable for two vehicles, are no longer suitable due to the bad roads.
Besides Metbah Lyngdoh, Hima PM Syiemlieh, A Nongbri SDO Mairang Civil Sub Division, who also witnessed the opening ceremony, said: This year's celebration is more important because the Government of India has started to take the initiative to celebrate the special honor of all the freedom fighters of the country. to celebrate the 75th Anniversary of Independence of the country.
but be wise, be careful, don't drive first gear too much from the beginning to get fuel on the road.
I don't want to, because I earn a living here and also to support my four children.
Initially, the officers of the Child Development Project will have to collect the accurate information, after that it will be sent to the District Legal Service Authority and after approval it will be sent to the Meghalaya State Legal Service Authority. They will give final approval and after this the remittance of the money to these refugees will reach them.
The welcome speech was delivered by Bah WCD Toi, Member of Mawkyrwat Village.
She said that if they have not sent the order, it may arrive in these days.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the KHA DC, Bah Pynshngain Syiem, has sent the names of all the MDCs to become Executive Members of the new Executive Committee of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF).
“After meeting with the Minister twice, he promised to look into their problem but nothing has been done yet,” he said. the authorities in charge of increasing the salary.
Shillong, Lber 13: South Tura MLA John Leslee K Sangma has slammed the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek for his inconsistent response regarding the CT machine in Tura. Civil Hospital.
The whole world is facing this problem and so is the nation. The important thing is that every citizen should be brave and not to be confused because too much confusion will lead to problems for themselves and the nation. dong the area after the bud.
Since then, Kong Janice has done a lot to develop her writing skills which have enabled her to gain not only recognition as a writer in India and around the world, but also to gain fame and honor for her many writings.
Similarly, during the visit of Bah DD Lapang and Roupon Singh Ronghang (Minister of Assam Government) to the Khasi Pnar refugees in Sahsniang, they also announced the same to bring the land of Block 1 from Karbi Anglong to Jaintia Hills. .
Besides the speeches, thanksgiving, there were also songs and traditional dances prepared and performed by various departments.
However, now he has found the best solution and has spent £80,000 or T.81.54 lakh in Indian rupees to buy a 20 feet high bed. he shall lie with all six of his friends in one bed.
George.
There will also be some of the country's outstanding athletes including two-time Olympic and seven-time Asian Championship champion Shiva Thapa, 2018 Asian Games champion. Amit Panghal and Commonwealth Games 2022 bronze medalist Rohit Tokas.
He has established many schools in Garo Hills in Rongjeng, Garobadha, Baghmara and other places.
Lyngdoh said that after the robbers tried to rob the bank, an alarm sounded and the robbers fled the bank.
However, they warned that if within these three days, the district authorities cannot stop immediately, they will have to take responsibility.
The Working President of the UDP, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the work has been completed as it is not known when it will come.
Before the start of the meeting, the UDP also held a moment of silence in memory of those who were shot dead.
He said that many of the drivers of commercial vehicles are part-time drivers and do not take this job as their future.
The pictures taken when it turned blue and the pictures that are still standing show how much the river, which used to be full of fish, has been affected by the infiltration of these dewbilat factories into the area. There are about 9 Narpuh.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: U Bah Golden Nonglong, Vice President of the All India Professional Congress Meghalaya and Secretary of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee, has been elected as one of the candidates for the election. U MLA from Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, has resigned from the Congress party, due to his dissatisfaction with the decision of the party to allow MDCs to work together in the KHADC. Reeboklang Kharbuli, Secretary Siejlieh, Albinus Kharjahrin, Secretary Nongstoin Block Congress Committee, Sping Kharjahrin, Zonal President Mawduh Area. and other dignitaries who have no parties anywhere.
What is different in the current era is the rapid development of pharmaceutical and internet-related activities and these can be used to fight the spread of COVID
The Superintendent of Police (CID) has advised the public not to provide information about their Aadhar numbers.
“Two district councils have already sent their replies to the state government on this issue and we are still waiting for the decision of the Court on this issue,” said Bah Tariang. “It is because of the vigilance of the Seng Khasi that the government has not taken action on this issue”.
Aizawl: The Mizoram Boundary Commission (MIC) has made it clear that the border talks with Assam should be through the 1875 Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation. (BEFR) of 1873.
During the three days of the 7th Winter Camp & Youth Leadership Training, the Scouts, Rovers and Rangers received many trainings and information on the Scouts Movement including knoting & lashing, how to make gadgets for camping, first aid, trekking, whistle signal, estimation, compass & mapping and also in areas related to youth leadership.
The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 has shocked many citizens of Meghalaya and this time for fear of the threat of the nation becoming a minority in their own country.
It is suspected that the reason for the collapse of the house may be due to a fault in the electrical wiring as it is also an old house.
The rich can spend as much as they please in food, drink, entertainment, religion or society, but it cannot be said that the richest are equal to the poorest. it is better to spend money on anything that does not please the soul.
The Waheh Shnong of Mynkrem Shangpung, Nidamon Chulet, said that the MDC of the area distributed the foodgrains on the 10th of this month.
He said that 100%, about 60% of the food items come and have to be bought from abroad, so the state still needs farmers and self-employed people. we cannot, so we must take away the trade from foreigners.
Gazette- Dulirsorkar is a document which contains or publishes the main statements of the Government for the purpose of enacting as law along with the provisions contained in any part of the report as enacted in the State.
There are currently 20,26,092 confirmed cases in the country.
Meghalaya is a small state with an area of ​​22,429 sq. km.
HDR said that there are those who have gone to persuade the people that when they come for help, they should not work.
The MPCA said the Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board (GSHSEB) has not approved the use of Aadhaar for all students sitting for Class X and Class XII examinations. Moradabad, Uttar Pradesh, for refusing to use Aadhar for those who wish to apply for licences, vehicle number plates and permits as well as the Indian government has released Meghalaya, Assam. and Jammu and Kashmir, using Aadhar number, for ration.
Police have arrested two robbers from Cochin in the past few days in connection with the robbery of a petrol pump in West Jaintia Hills, on the 10th June 2017, on the road to Shangpung. They were taken to Jowai.
It is also necessary to take care of the EVM machine at the polling station to avoid theft.
In the U-16 category, Waiborlang Syiemlieh of Rising Secondary School won the men's title and Latympang Lyngdoh Marshillong of Nativity High School won the girls' title.
Women from VO and SHG performed traditional songs, skits and dances.
Likewise, when they met, they asked questions, and they asked the world.
After a while they both prepared food.
Many of the candidates who came out to contest this election didn't get even the security vote if they didn't contest with the power of money but because they were strong enough to spend money, even those who didn't do anything won. all of them want to be happy without thinking about the future.
On Thursday, Pohkseh SC will play against Umphrup SC at 11:30 pm, while Laitkyrhong SC will play against Lumshyiap SC at 2:30 pm.
Shillong: After the opening of a special meeting between the Chief Minister and the MLAs of East Khasi Hills, Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency, has praised the government for its efforts to This step was taken to bring together all the MLAs to join hands in the fight against COVID-19 in the state.
Shillong, November 6: The owner of Shella, Kong Badashisha Youroi, on Tuesday lodged an FIR against KSU Shella Vice President Bah Phrangsngi Swett and others. Mobidul Islam and Anwar Islam were arrested in Shella.
But it is man who seeks hell because he obeys things that will please Satan, it is man who likes to do things against God.
“She was born outside the religion and therefore, she had to change her name and religion,” he said.
The soul of the mother and father was filled with joy, and they began to blame the children who were at home.
The school where these children attend and their names have been kept secret.
When about three pawa of the flowers began to open, the time to harvest the flowers came.
The program was organized by Environmental Information System Resource Partner (ENVIS), Resource Partner Center, NEHU and M/s Rongjeng Technologies.
Out of the 2,020 cases in the state, 1,322 cases including 27 Armed Forces personnel and 1,295 civilians have been reported in East Khasi Hills. There are 13 cases in Ri Bhoi district, 234 cases including 48 Armed Forces and 186 civilians. There are 188 cases including 22 Armed Forces and 166 civilians, 11 cases in South West Garo Hills, 36 cases in South Garo Hills, 51 cases in East Garo Hills and 166 cases in North. There are 26 cases in Garo Hills district.
Will the people continue to walk with the wrong leaders?
Furthermore, in terms of the market mechanism of these goods to ensure the smooth running of the demand and supply chain.
The asteroid's speed is said to be 6.68 kilometers per second, a speed that does not match the calculations of human science.
According to him, the CEM will be elected from the NPP and the Dy CEM will be from the Congress in KHADC. ," he said.
The interesting thing is that the young man will give away the young woman as a sign that he has proposed to her.
The reason why I don't confirm friend kulmar to people who request me is because I don't know who they are.
Inside the house of Bah Tiklu before the body arrived, a large crowd of mourners were waiting to receive the body.
For crime, the government needs a public prosecutor to prosecute criminal cases.
Shillong, July 19: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) will announce the party's symbol tomorrow at a public meeting to be held at Smit at 12 noon. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has appointed the party.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: Police on Tuesday afternoon arrested two persons for allegedly planning to meet HNLC leaders in Bangladesh.
Regarding the request of the State Government to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MoHA) from November 2018 to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra, Dr. Nonglait said, “All right. The demand was only to include the Khasi language but now the Government has decided to include the Garo language.
Now, when the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, announced that everyone will be vaccinated from 21st July 2021, Ramdev said it is an important decision and urged everyone to I'm injected with covid.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Kharjahrin said that he will speak on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi-Garo language in the Khyrnit. Under the Constitution of India, strengthening of security along the India-Bangla border and on the Meghalaya-Assam border and other issues of priority to the nation.
Bah Biangbor said he doesn't know what to do.
These figures are according to a report released on Friday by the Meghalaya State Commission for the Protection of Child Rights (MSCPCR).
She said that in the name of the fake result, there were also the names of candidates who had passed the previous examination besides there were more famous names like Iwanto Marry, Adam Hell, and others.
The tyngshop has become more concerned about his life after Lawrence Bishnoi warned him and promised to treat him like he treated Punjabi singer Sidhu Moosewala.
Speakers of the ANVC led by the chairman, expressed their anger over the invasion of Bangladeshi Muslims from Assam and Bangladesh and many parts of Garo Hills have been destroyed. and the party will continue to fight against these issues.
Shih! shish!" said Hiram alone and threw himself into his bedroom. Hiram's return home was six months old.
At present, the military is in power in Myanmar while Aung San Suu Kyi has no power.
These Bangladeshis live in Amjong village near the Assam-Meghalaya border in Ri Bhoi district.
Shillong, Nailur 16: The Legislative Assembly today passed the Meghalaya Residents and Safety Bill
He said the Indian National Democratic Inclusive Alliance (INDA), which is a group opposed to the BJP-led NDA, will stand up to solve the problems in the country.
When asked whether he accepts himself as a Congress MDC or as an MDC himself, Pynshngaiñ said, “I am a suspended MDC. In the Congress party, I am now working as an independent MDC,” he said.
“We have decided to forgive the fees for the months of May and June this year to all shopkeepers in Seinraij market and market vendors due to the impact of the COVID-19 lockdown. “The President of Seinraij Jowai said OR Shallam while talking to reporters of the district on Friday.
These supporters and office bearers from East Jaintia Hills were welcomed and honored by UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh at a function held at the residence of Shella MLA Balajied Synrem.
Earlier, the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) had conducted a joint inspection between the village authorities and officers of the department to ensure that the river will not be polluted if a shopping plant is set up at Mawlai Mawiong.
Rebati Phukan, a member of the People's Consultative Group (PCG), who has been missing since 22nd June, is still in Shillong.
Therefore, it is time that if it is impossible to eliminate the congestion from the market, it is necessary to prevent foreigners from interfering with the locals.
MCH Hospital will inform you how to treat their children.
Bayern Munich won their 11th consecutive Bundesliga title after beating Cologne in the final of the tournament.
On this occasion, the women who took part in the speeches including the leaders from the Central Body stressed that the country and the nation now needs good leaders, intelligent, who have authority over themselves and leaders who have especially responsibility.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij (SKSR) 12 – Daloi has extended Behdieñkhlam greetings to all the members of the Seiñraij Jowai who live around the country. The land is located in the State of Meghalaya.
Therefore, on behalf of the Party, we invite you to support the Party in the MDC and MP elections to be held in
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement today announced the new price of petrol in East Jaintia Hills District which will come into force from November .
However, when the referees took the match to the tie breaker, Pahamrioh FC managed to beat Benris FC to secure the final. you're lying.
“Besides many problems, we have doctors, nurses and staff who are on duty 24 hours a day,” he said.
Shillong, July 13 : As part of the efforts to improve the education of the youth especially those from low income families in Mawkynrew Constituency, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency, on Tuesday said that the College will be one goal he’s set to achieve this time around.
The burning of the vehicle and the office of the Assam government was due to the lack of assistance from the government and the police in the state after five persons were shot dead by the Assam police. yesterday.
“Allegedly, the teachers of Pine Mount School said, “Since (Kong Aïomksiar Diengdoh) was appointed as the Principal, there have been no programs inside the school.
This is a major milestone in the state's journey towards electricity generation when the power plants will be able to produce up to 65 MU of electricity per annum.
Pynshngain Bareh won the Mixed Martial Arts tournament organized by Bidang MMA and Fitness Gym which was held on the 13th in Guwahati.
“If the people of the state empower us to hold the Reservation Policy, we will review the Reservation Policy and we promise to appoint an Expert Committee to study it,” he said.
Finance Secretary KSU JHDU, KS Suchiang, President KSU Narpuh Circle and members were also present at the ceremony.
We here in Shillong can think that we don't throw plastic bags like chips or chewing gum and so on. We also give plastic bags from home. to the trucks that come to our homes and villages, then our actions are right.
These medications include Azithromycin, Ciprofloxacin Hydrochloride, Metronidazole, Paracetamol, Phenobarbitone, and Phenytoin Sodium.
The Education Wing of the NRAI has set a target to produce up to 9,000 coaches and 600 judges in the next five years due to the increasing number of shooters in the country.
Shortly after, Miss Baiahunlang Khyriem helped the police to provide information about the whereabouts of the woman until they arrested the kidnapper and rescued the child from Umran Diary, Ri Bhoi District.
The program was conducted by Nydia Marbaniang, Monitoring and Evaluation Officer, District Mental Health Program and briefly explained about the District Mental Health Program and the activities of the office.
The investigation of seven policemen working with AIG has also been recorded. The delivery of these vehicles was done by AIG and some of his close associates.
The North Eastern Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) is a self-governing training institution under the Ministry of Ayush, Government of India.
Police also seized one thyrnia, two small klongs and a Maruti 800 (ML 05 N 0782) from the suspects.
Shillong, November 4: The Government has lodged a complaint against the Under Secretary of the Political Department, Bah B.Khongwir.
He said the Wildlife Crime Bureau has arrested many people involved in the case but declined to give details.
He used to go and be with the youth in various civil society organizations to work voluntarily for the welfare of the people”.
Also present on the occasion was BJP President Rikman G Momin and others.
Shillong, Naiwieng 11: Three organizations including the CSWO, Thma Rangl Juki and Garo Student Union will hold a march from the Fire Brigade to the Parking Lot of the Addl Secretariat on the 16th of this month. november.
“The Prime Minister should step back to look at the documents and that he needs to admit that he was wrong and to expose this.
This shows that there is a commandment and a rule.
The Election Commission has issued the nomination to the PDF on 3rd March but has sent a notice to the party on 9th March.
Shillong: There have been 231 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today, March 2, 2020. There are 231 new cases of COVID-19 in the state. 1,755 people.
In Meghalaya, no census has been conducted to date on how many people or how many households earn from these activities.
Be calm and don’t be a compulsive gambler.
On receiving information about the blockade of the road by the residents of Maikhuli, the residents of Maikhuli in anger rushed to the scene. There was a fierce conflict between the two groups which almost reached the point of bloodshed.
Speaking to reporters, ECI Rajiv Kumar said that as per the duty clearly enshrined in the Constitution, the ECI has introduced strong procedures and procedures to ensure that the ECI The conduct of elections shall be free, transparent and accessible for every voter.
So far, only the VPP has not rested to prepare for the MDC and MP Lok Sabha elections to be held next year, while the ruling NPP and UDP are still busy.
“Hate sin, not the sinner,” said Bah Kharmalki. “Are we all HIV positive, sinners?” He said that Bah Shylla does not know the word. “I apologize but as a leader he should be vigilant,” said Kharmalki. “If we know a person or people who give information, to him, they shall be gathered together.
In those villages where there are only ri kur or ri kynti, the Dorbar Shnong shall request, consult and encourage the kurs who own land to contribute to the village.
The election was conducted by the Working President of the Block, Ma Thynda Sana.
However, the house in Lviv was already attacked before the drones were fired and a huge fire broke out in the house that night.
Speaking to reporters after casting his vote at Walbakgre polling station in Tura, Conrad said they have received information that many people from all over the country have come to cast their votes.
The deceased was a resident of Dong Lumpangad, where he was admitted to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for treatment, but died in the evening. Now.
Prof. Shukla also expressed his gratitude to the college authorities, who have cooperated in the implementation of the FYUP Scheme.
Speaking to media, Joy Phankon Organizing Secretary of Nongthymmai Circle, said that she is surprised and strongly condemns the Nongrimmaw Dorbar Shnong, for not being able to attend the meeting. -19 in the state, the Dorbar Shnong Nongrimmaw has allowed these foreigners to come and work in this area, which can bring danger to the villages.
He said that he will submit a proposal to the sports department regarding these grounds and will monitor them until they are successful.
Poverty is now evident in some parts of Shillong and even in the rural areas.
The exhibition was held at Marian Hill Higher Secondary School, Jowai in the presence of S Nongbet.
The prize money for the 10km cycling race will be T.5,000/-, T.3,000/- and T.2,000/- for the first, second and third place winners.
Garhard Albert President THANK YOU Germany and other government officials.
To date, the marriage, divorce or inheritance has been governed by the laws and regulations appropriate to the different ethnic groups or religions living in India.
“We see that the rules are not intended for the participants to get only the votes of the supporters through the vote coupons but it is up to the participants to do well in the competition because 50%. the vote will come from the judges," said the women.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor urged the people to strengthen for love, respect for freedom of religion and there should be no discrimination in terms of ethnic differences.
There are many candidates who do not have the knowledge, responsibility, loyalty and vision.
The Labang-Nongphyllut area has been a part and parcel of the Jaintia Hills since ancient times.
The opening ceremony was attended by the Senior Pastor, Rev DE Syiem in the presence of the Pastors of the Western Synod, the Pastors of the Presbytery, the Elders from the churches of the Shella Prebytery, women and youth.
“The Chief Minister will leave for Delhi to meet with the Union Home Minister to discuss the border issue. “This issue can be resolved as soon as possible,” said the Minister of Home Affairs.
According to the leadership of this new group of journalists, the main objective is to protect and fight for the rights of journalists.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that they are still waiting for the allocation of funds from the central government for the protection and cleaning of the Umkhrah River.
Zenith Sangma (MLA Congress) PAC member said the PAC has also found that the PWD has done this. “It has spent so much money only for one day to hire a big man and not using it anymore is a waste of money,” he said. state.
There are three sections, one police team from 7am to 1pm and from 2pm to 7pm and others in the evening according to the needs of the area.
Therefore, the question is whether it is the duty of Christians who are Para Khasi Khara to contribute to such a struggle, or should they remain silent? It cannot be denied that Christian church groups have also contributed through prayer and various meetings to pray for the country and the nation.
He said that these sohs are usually bought from Syntung and Nohron, but he takes them from Ïewduh in the morning and sells them at Umïam Bridge in the morning with his family members.
In another question, Teilinia said that three employees of KHADC including CFO T. Saiborne, DCFO Michel Lyngdoh and Baniwell but no complaint has been filed against them, as the investigation and preparations for sentencing are ongoing.
Jowai: The newly formed Jaintia Amalgamated and Redressal Forum (JARF) comprising of civil society groups, farmers, truck drivers, contractors and district leaders from MLAs and former MDCs has been established. has convened a public meeting to discuss the decline in income of the people in Jaintia Hills as a whole.
Meanwhile, the SDRF is in the process of removing a fallen tree at Tura Civil Hospital to ensure the safety of the people as well as the people inside the hospital.
He said he had spoken to the Minister of District Council Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh who said that he will convene a meeting on 27th June with the CEMs of KHADC and JHADC to discuss these two Bills. approved by the Council to empower the Rangbahshnong and Village Authorities.
The DC also informed that according to Rule 4(1) of the PWM (Amendment) Rules, 2022, reusable plastic (made from virgin or recycled plastic) must be at least 120 Microns and this will come into force from November 31,
The United Democratic Party (UDP) Nartiang Circle on Tuesday confirmed the office bearers of the UDP Nartiang Circle.
Shillong, March 21: Several young men from the Meghalaya Awakened Concern Citizen (MACC) have organized a campaign to raise awareness among the people to elect their Leaders to the Legislative Assembly in a clean manner. On Friday, they launched the first campaign at Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills District.
Dawanroi Suchiang (17) has the same concern that the youth no longer respect the environment.
These believers are Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians.
Now it shows time and time again how India is connected to the world.
May God bless you all who came, and send your condolences.
The Director's office was urged to take action and ensure that the school can reopen in 2021 after 14 years of closure.
The BJP party in Garo Hills recently accused the ruling government of failing to bring about development in these areas due to corruption.
Regarding the HITO's fishing trip, Bah T.Kharjahrin Rangbah Shnong, gave a special thank you to the HITO leaders, who took this initiative to fish in the river. .
In fact, this is a poison if it enters the human body even if it is only a small amount.
He said that if anyone wants to meet him, please call 6009704503 or meet him face to face in Mawkyrwat only on the Mawkyrwat market day where he has a health center near the Police Station. Stations Mawkyrwat.
Shitmon Pdang Secretary General.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District, led by Bah Hercules Suting, President and Bah Tony Shylla, General Secretary, today visited Nongpoh. They have met with all the shopkeepers of Dewbilat to urge them not to sell Dewbilat TOP-CEM in their shops.
Rangdajied will have to play well in the second leg on the 13th at Mawkyrwat to have any chance of reaching the final.
They are the following:1
The property of drug traffickers should be confiscated and auctioned so that they can no longer make it difficult for them to return to drug trafficking after being sentenced.
These things are famous and amazing in Israel today where many tourists from all over the world enjoy and visit Israel for its wonders.
The film will continue to be screened from the 24th at 11 pm and 2 pm and this will be the last month to screen the film at the Cinema Hall, said the producers. the Movie.
PC throughout the district.
JOWAI: U Kamphereiei Pala, a student of North Liberty Higher Secondary School, who has brought glory to the school, his family, the village and the entire Jaintia Hills after passing well and came in the fifth position. He went to the Secretary Officers' Club to request for financial assistance to continue his studies to become a doctor.
To continue the match, a decision was taken through the DLS method and the runs and overs were counted in which Efty scored 83 runs from 10 overs.
New Delhi: Vallabhai Kathiria, Chairman of the Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog (RKA), has launched a chip that can be installed in mobile phones to eliminate radiation from mobile networks and protect them. There are also many diseases that affect people from using mobile phones.
By 2030, there will be about 2 million workers, who should retire in the country, but there is a big risk, whether these people will leave, who will take over the jobs of these people. that they may rest.
In the 2023 MLA election, Bah PT Sawkmie has left the Congress, the party he was elected as MLA of Mawlai in 2018, and contested as the UDP candidate, where he won. iban and come three times.
Speaking on the desire to bring about change in Meghalaya, he said, “After the elections in 2023, you will see a strong government, which will work for all the people of Meghalaya as a whole”. .
The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District has launched a campaign to conduct raids on restaurants and other places. in October, 2023.
Ummulong Sports Club won the toss and elected to bat first by scoring 264 runs in 35 overs for the loss of 9 wickets. Wellmanson Passah scored 68 runs for 53 balls. Carefully Gassah took 53 runs for 53 balls and Heisniawlangki Lamare took 41 runs for 41 balls. Khimti Dkhar took three wickets in seven overs and Felixdon Bang took two wickets in six overs.
There are cases where the money that should have been used to implement the projects and the money collected to pay the terminal benefits to the employees and also to those who have retired,” said Arju. .
With this victory, Se Lajong have reached the final of the tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, said that the work of this committee is to work together with the state government, the COVID-19 Management Committees in the villages and the people. Through this meeting, it was first discussed on the need for explanation on Behavioral Change among the public in which the 1st phase has been completed. to provide information to the villages on the importance of following the directions of the government especially the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
We feel that if there is no more Kyiad, we will be free from the tanglang.
Shillong, November 12: A petrol bomb has been detonated at Alizan Compound in Lumdiengjri at 7 pm this morning.
The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, on October 22, 2022, said that the state's inability to host the National Games in 2022 is not due to the lack of venues. He said that it is not yet the responsibility of Meghalaya to host the tournament as the schedule has been arranged by the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) and it has to be followed.
Irismary Khonglam , Auditor – Smt.
The number of cases has now risen to 3.80 lakh and the death toll has risen to 12,948, with 375 deaths in the past 24 hours.
They used to say that it is only from the Syiemiong clan that they appoint any person from the Syiemiong clan who has qualified and send his name to the KHADC through the San Lyngdoh. the king of the Nongspung kingdom.
The Apostle Paul said, “Always bearing about in the body the dying of the Lord Jesus, that the life also of Jesus might be made manifest in our body”.2 Cor 4:1 .
The Meghalaya Basin Development Authority in collaboration with GIZ Germany has decided to explore ways and means to evacuate the residents of the top of the hill from the severe water shortage. NEPED Nagaland and SCSTE, together with the District Administration of WKHD on the 6th of this month, have installed a hydraulic Ram Pump on the hill.
Students of this college have demonstrated several methods of teaching about Yoga.
“Even the letters of KHADC and JHADC including the documents submitted to the Secretariat have not been released to the public.
She also spoke about the condition of roads and bridges.
Meghalaya needs change and change will only come about through the hands of our Prime Minister,” he said.
For about two years, the BJP in Meghalaya has been strongly criticizing the Conrad government on many allegations of corruption.
The newspaper said that the district administration is still considering the report.
The elect of these, on the other hand, have become increasingly poor and poor.
“Right! I'm sorry,” said Kynum.
Shillong, Jan 16: Noori Kharshiing, 38, wife of Raju Gurung, has committed suicide at Rynjah Nongpdeng at 11 am this morning.
Because of the presence of the inheritors, it is the phongrai that will bring the blood of the byrsieh to the whole nation.
It is also alleged that on 25th July 2021, about 1,500 people took part in the rally, while at the burning ceremony, 1,000 people took part.
In the midst of their life in the forest, Christin turned 10 years old and Soleiny turned 5 years old and it was as if they were celebrating their birthday in the middle of the forest.
He said that the government should take the necessary measures to resolve the tense situation in the state as it has severely affected the people from the protests of the political parties and the government's use of force. .
He said that in the past months the Congress has dissolved the Block Congress in Pynursla and after that the former Congress leaders in Pynursla have joined the NPP. it is said that he did not go to sow because he still had work to do.
Here the conflict is clear and the principle of rule is clear.
This covenant will be established by a great ruler and we don't know who he is. Your time will tell.
With this victory, Langsning will face Langsning for the title tomorrow.
Khan, who was Vice President of the MPCC, left the Congress on 27th July 2016 and joined the UDP in 2016 through the Lapalang Unit at the invitation of the UDP. Banalari Khongwar, President of the UDP Pynursla Circle.
Raliang Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
And the land which I gave Abraham and Isaac, to thee will I give it, and to thy seed after thee will I give the land" (Genesis 35:9-12).
The older you get and the more you understand how to control yourself, the more you become excessive in words and deeds! You miss Mass, you cleanse yourself, you receive the Sacraments with mortal sin, you no longer keep the Sabbaths, and you tempt others to fall into forty kinds of sin.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the 9th of November while the man was with two friends identified as Michael Warjri and Malkos Lyngdoh from the same village went to hunt meat there.
He said that the government will not comply with this demand on the grounds that more students this year have taken Khasi subject after MIL has been made an elective subject.
The confirmation ceremony was also attended by Dr. Mukul Sangma President of TMC Jirang Block and Leader of the Opposition, Bah George B Lyngdoh Vice President of TMC Jirang Block. Umroi MLA James Lyngdoh, Secretary, Mawhati Block President Dr Saralin Dorphang and other dignitaries.
In her speech, she said that the age of those who have been treated or assaulted should be revealed to come forward in the POCSO Case and also the ways and means to take statements from them. who are attacked.
An earthquake measuring 4.7 on the Richter scale struck Meghalaya at 5.54 PM this afternoon.
When asked whether there will be a prime ministerial candidate, Sniawbha said we will know after the 2023 elections as the incumbent Conrad K Sangma is also qualified and has done a good job.
According to the Additional Commissioner Central Excise, Jain, who is also a Management or Business Consultants Service, to M/s.
Shillong: U Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Congress (TMC), Bah George B Lyngdoh on Tuesday sent his resignation letter as the leader of the TMC Meghalaya for personal reasons.
When asked about the demand for the revision of the Reservation Policy, Bah Ronnie said that as it is now, the State is fortunate because there is less than 80 jobs among the indigenous people.
It is also clear that the Supreme Court's decision in the Indra Sawhneyvs Union of India on adequate representation applies to the OBCs, not to the ST/SCs who have been paid in proportion since begin.
A large crowd of people from all over the Garo Hills broke through the police checkpoint and entered the Garo District Council grounds at 12.30 pm and shouted that the police should be removed. Rakesh is the Chief Executive Member.
Once the original certificate is issued by the MBOSE authorities, it is the largest certificate and accepted by all.
“We need to change this to retain the youth of the country,” Mukherjee said.
“Besides Hek, Momin said that other candidates for the Shillong seat include Dr Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait, former BJP State President Ernest Mawrie, BJYM President Mewaker Lyngdoh. and Mrs. Sumitra Laloo.
In the first match, Thangsning SCC won the toss and elected to bat first.
“As we talk, they al have 3-4 people who have applied for tickets, and I think this should be ready in a few weeks from today," he added.
Therefore, the question now is since when can the state government not implement the ILP only by notification, and why cannot the state government implement the ILP only by notification.
Then the land will belong to whom and who is the owner of the land.
“There is
The polling station will be held by secret ballot at Umniuh-Tmar Upper Primary School.
When these robbers passed by.
Balochistan is one of the regions that has suffered the most bloodshed and fighting between the Baloch armed groups against the security forces and who have been fighting for years for gained independence from the rule of the Pakistani government and is also one of the parts of Pakistan with the largest marketable mineral resources in the world.
During the programme, which was opened by the delegates and those involved, the efforts of all to improve the quality of the environment of IIM Shillong were witnessed.
On the other hand, these leaders from MLA and MDC and including these youth leaders under the banner of NPYF will work hard in Ri Bhoi and will also set a goal to win the NPP candidates in this election There are 5 constituencies in Ri Bhoi District.
According to the report, so far there are about 2,000 fish farmers from all over the Khasi Hills such as Pynursla, Sohra, Mawkyrwat, and others, who have received training in this field and many have changed their income. their.
Nongbri said that 91 sports clubs from 4th division to SPL have joined the federation without counting the grassroot level teams and women's teams and women's teams. if you count them all, you will reach 120 sports clubs that have joined the federation.
Shillong: The border crossing by Assam has caused confusion among many residents, as well as the Hima rulers on the border with Assam.
He recalled that in 2018, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma had promised to increase the deficit of these schools at the Teachers Conference held at Asanang Tura, West Garo Hills but nothing has been seen yet. The government should take action on this demand of the teachers.
“My resignation from Ampati is not my own will, but after consultation with the party workers and the elected people,” Sangma said. day.
But when they gave birth to Cain and Abel, the curse grew so strong that Cain killed Abel.
The Sordar of Smit said that this incident has surprised everyone because it is unprecedented. He said that he has had the opportunity to talk to the elderly who are 80 years old. “I don't know what will happen,” said Bah Kynsai Manik Syiem, “but the elders don't know what to say, but he thinks it's a change. The weather is getting colder in the area, because as usual every year, he said that in June the sky was clear while this year it is getting colder.
In fact, the TMC is stronger than the BJP in Meghalaya in the 2023 MLA elections, winning more MLAs than the BJP. The TMC has won five MLAs in the 2023 MLA elections. , but the BJP has won only two MLAs, which is the same as it won only two MLAs in the 2018 MLA elections.
In these 18 villages, the number of Khasi is about 9000 people who live by agriculture and live in these 18 villages.
The officer said that the incident occurred after the man had gone to board the boats which had been left in the pond by the owners of the boats without getting any. They also said that the boats in the lake did not have even the boitha or jackets to protect themselves from drowning.
Shillong: The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday ordered that the election for the election of Sordar in Raid Shabong on 9th November 2023 will be postponed for the time being. , has fixed the hearing of the case on 15th November
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, expressing its strong opposition to the proposed BSF camp in Rangthong.
Romans 8:11, “ But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you. your mortal bodies, by the Spirit that dwelleth in you".
All NPP-UDP candidates will definitely lose.
There are many reasons why the authorities remember the farmers at such times.
He said the TTAADC will also erect a statue of (L) JJM Nichols Roy who is known as the father of the Sixth Article of the Constitution of India.
“Haaland should win – yes.
As it was seen at the meeting, most of the members, chairman and co-chairmen of the Planning Board are Congress office bearers including those of its candidates who lost the last elections.
When I try to talk to young people who draw tattoos, some people ask me whether the body is more important or more important than the soul. My brief answer to you is: Do you want to live in a house where it rains? Writing a picture of yourself is no different from living in a rainy house.
If you don't pass well, you can't get a good education, whether here in Meghalaya or abroad.
At Jezebel's urging, Ahab became so angry that he spoke against God's prophet Elijah.
He said that the Village Administration Bill (VAB) in Khasi Jaintia Hills has been passed and it is not necessary to codify or recognize the law.
The shopkeeper spoke to me about this,” said Sushil D, owner of a shop on Keating Road.
God heard their cry and raised up Moses, the Hebrew son – but raised in the royal household he became very wise and understanding.
And the fame hereof went abroad into all that land.
Meanwhile, the Work Order has donated 3 lakh tyngka for the cleaning of the grounds of Grace Care Academy, which will be a great blessing to the school.
Also present on the occasion were the President of the Ri Bhoi District Chess Association, Bah Frankie Nongrum, Bah A Moksha, Secretary, Bah C Shylla, School Teachers and office bearers of the Association.
He said that many of the youth who have completed their studies do not get jobs at all.
The project has been improved and beautified by the KHADC through a special scheme of Rs 3 crore through the MDC of the area Bah Titos W Chyne. To reach this tourist spot, the residents have to leave the road to Mawmluh but before reaching the MCCL factory they turn left and from there it takes only about 10 minutes. 15 minutes via gravel road.
“The HNLC should not withdraw from the peace talks because they have completed many parts of the peace talks and we hope to move forward and we are to be able to return to the negotiating table.
This is the hidden agenda of the BJP in Meghalaya.
The union urged the Registrar to admit these students who are eligible to study at the University and at the same time to accept the students from the state first.
The Seng Samla also honored a young man with disabilities, Kenny Shemphang Kharjana who showed his courage to help a woman who was robbed recently.
However, all these are only proposals that will be considered by the Khasi Authors' Society and the Khasi Department of NEHU. Shillong, Naitung 02 : Dalmia Cement (Bharat) Limited (DCBL) has donated Rs 25 lakh to the victims of heavy rains and floods in Meghalaya. the Chief Minister's Relief Fund to support the government to help start rebuilding the damage and to assist those who have to build new houses.
Process T Sawkmie: The EM Finance should hand over the department to the EM so that the investigation can be transparent and should be submitted to the Magistrial Inquiry.
This issue is also very sensitive.
He said that the law passed by the Assam government will not apply when the fifth Karbi Anglong Presbyterian Synod service is held at Puralangso Church.
According to Vikash, there are 18 foreigners living in the house alone.
Phyrnai Kyndait's journey from being a prominent cyclist in the village, through her hard work she has become a cyclist even in the world.
On the same day, the office bearers of the newly formed KSU Lumshnong Unit and KSU Tongseng Narpuh Unit were also confirmed.
The facts are why the group of Sengbhalang of Mawsynram C&RD Block including HANM, KSU, FKJGP, HYC & HUAM have raised their voices on this issue because since 1962 the Mawsynram Block was established. When it was under the rule of the Assam government and was restored after they got their own full state and now it has reached the age of 60 years and it is ready to get this state. Civil Sub Division.
The new part of Indiana Jones has been decided to be produced and released on July 30 by Disney and Lucas Films.
This vaccine is provided by the government to protect children from these diseases.
Besides, he said that since the implementation of the KHADC, there is no longer a high fee but only a small fee and it has differed greatly from the fee that the previous government sent to the people.
Therefore, the Deputy Commissioner urged the public to be vigilant and protect themselves by avoiding such misleading information.
,I don't respect you.
In the Under-17 men's category, Nongbsap SS and Shillong College Higher Education have qualified for the quarter finals.
One morning I cut the pathaw, I took the seeds and squeezed them then I threw them in a place where animals, even insects, didn't get them, and when the middle of April came I planted them. They didn't hear the slap, but they didn't like it.
“I will wait for the Governor to do this,” said Saleng.
Although the discussion is not known, it is understood that there has been talk that they may join the BJP before the elections.
Bah Kharkrang expressed his satisfaction that these two youths have won medals in these sports and wished them to continue to progress in the field of sports.
Later, they called other neighboring villages and it was until they called the Sordar of Tyngrong Wahladew, that with his initiative, they were able to catch the robbers. one woman.
“Why do you improve the road and the uranium mining,” said Mukul Sangma when asked whether it is the purpose of uranium mining that the government intends to build a road to Mawthabah.
“You will see that after November 10 I will join the political party which I had intended to join”.
People who have come from outside the state have only learned through the media about forty kinds of incidents and are in shock.
The Village Authority supports the Government in its efforts to find ways and means to find a place to dump garbage elsewhere, but the Government's failure to collect garbage from Jowai has given 3 days to the Village Authority to remove all the garbage. from Iawmusiang and the village authorities have warned that if the garbage cannot be cleaned, it will take another hour.
Pigs, cattle, cows, fish, besides eating them, are also a source of income for human beings.
Police said he is also a leader of the party who has close ties with Loliam Latey Lowang – the top leader of the NSCN-K (Niki-Sumi) in Arunachal Pradesh. .
The Seinraij Jowai has decided to continue to close its markets in Jowai until the 28th of this month.
This raibi has become increasingly serious over the years and now they have started trading even before the announcement of the election results.
No rallies or processions will be allowed and the carrying of large or small banners will be allowed only with the prior permission of the owners of the houses with the permission of the DC's office. public meetings without the authority of the DC's office and also from the Waheh Shnong of the place where the public meeting is to be held.
Meghalaya will start its first match against Arunachal Pradesh at Anand, Gujarat from today.
By providing these oxygen cylinders at our dispensary in Sohra for the COVID patients by providing these oxygen cylinders (We have received 4 oxygen cylinders after the newspapers published the relief work of the Mission for the needs of these 2 will arrive today;
At the same time, rose water contains anti-inflammatory properties which can fight against inflammation in the body and can meet the needs of PH in the skin.
The election was the darkest for Rahul Gandhi, who was defeated from the Congress headquarters in Amethi, Uttar Pradesh.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Minister of Rural Development, Bah Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the Sustainable Rural Housing Technologies (SRHT) has come at the right time in Meghalaya as Meghalaya needs to improve its infrastructure. The livelihoods of the people in this country especially in the rural areas.
He also admitted that one of the reasons is that he is a big threat to the incumbent Prime Minister in the 2023 MLA elections.
In addition, the school also offers scholarships to those students who wish to study further in higher education in distance mode.
“According to my knowledge, the people of Jaintia Hills have created a traditional drama.
Shillong: The Pollution Board, today, has postponed the public meeting scheduled to be held at Lumshnong, East. Jaintia Hills District.
However, when we look back now with the opening of shops and the increase in income, we see that the cleanliness in our villages has started to deteriorate, due to the abundance of plastic and the lack of respect. to the fire of nature, the nature has begun to become polluted and the beauty of purity has begun to disappear.
The District Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup, organized by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, started on the second day with the match in the Under-17 Boys category. Ialong SS, Laishnong HSS, Nartiang Presbyterian SS, Achiever's SS and Ummulong Presbyterian SS.
The worst place in Bihar.
He said that there is no delay in the police department and the police department cannot seize any vehicle with proper documents in relation to any goods passing through the state. of us or traveling to a state.
This agreement is for hire only.
Shillong: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, Minister in charge of Agriculture, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday visited the market at 5th Mile, Upper Shillong to find out for himself the problems of the farmers. the smooth running of the market.
Speaking to reporters, Latiplang said that seven scientists from AMD came out yesterday.
Many of the villagers said that it would have been better for him to resign from his post so as not to be an obstacle to the village affairs.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns this incident and warns that such incidents should not happen again and if any information is found or received, the union will take strong action. added.
Twenty Executive Members were also appointed.
At the same time, all the village leaders who were present today agreed with the ADC to call for a meeting to resolve the issue so that there will be no problems in the future.
The State Government should have a farsighted vision and take action in this regard so that it can control all these things for the good of the society and the nation as a whole because it is only by the authorities. of the Law, which can do all these things.
Malki couldn't escape relegation no matter what happened on that day, while Lajong knew that a victory would help them reach the fourth position.
During each of these journeys, the humidity must be maintained and this has to be checked.
In the 79th minute, Lawsohtun scored another goal to strengthen the lead by 3-2 goals. happy victory that night.
It is worth mentioning that Bah Kitrina Nongrum, who has produced three Khasi films which have attracted the attention of the audience including “Ka Sien ba rangbah”, “Ijot” and “ka Anna” and this time he will bring a film called “Ka Pap”.
“We expect the Government, Management and other relevant authorities to take action and improve this factory in the right direction so that when it can produce more dewbilat “It will be able to solve these problems,” said Bah Diengdoh.
“The artists are very intelligent and can draw anything they want and bring it into the drawing,” said Moonlight Pariat, MDC from the opposition in the JHADC.
However, it was later found through RTI that all the marks were given without proper consideration. Those who wrote the correct answers were given the same marks as those who did not write well.
On behalf of the Principal of Don Bosco, Fr. Bivan Mukhim, he said that the power outage is inexplicable.
The President of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar, said that the KSU does not know what the rules are that the state government has introduced in the revision of the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act .
“Is this their first job for education?” he asked, adding that there are hundreds of primary schools in the South. Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills and South-West Garo Hills.
After his return, he gave a report through the newspapers and media along with photographs of people suffering from chronic diseases and the prevalence of infertility, tuberculosis and so on.
“We don't know what kind of work the Syiem has banned, farming, building houses, for 100 days, he just said to stop and asked for land,” said the rangbah after the house was demolished.
The organizers would like to congratulate all the participants who participated in this show and the organizers would like to thank all the supporters such as the Government, Companies, Private Sector in the preparations and the media. According to a statement issued by the General Secretary of the All Meghalaya Dancers Association, Bah Darwin L. Mawphlang.
The GSU Siju Unit is confident that this school will be an attraction for the students if it can be completed soon.
“Now the power is with the federal government, so we will wait for the federal government to approve it first," he said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise), East Khasi Hills District, today issued an order to close down all liquor shops, bars and restaurants. It will be operational from today and will continue until 30th June 2021 in Shillong.
They said that for many years now, Biskot has been a cash crop which has brought about a change in income.
The youth is currently undergoing treatment at Woodland Hospital, Shillong.
And this is another darkness that WE AS A NATION AND THE KHASI COUNTRY are facing.
He also admitted that the attendance of the people who came to take part in the meetings organized by the VPP even though they had to pay for their own travel expenses, they lost their daily fees showed that the people wanted to see. “We don't provide transportation, we don't prepare buses and trucks but we just inform you that we will hold a meeting and so many people come. they are angry in this election,” he said.
In West Khasi Hills, there are still many places where the roads connecting one village to another are very poor.
The arrest was made after receiving an order from the NIA court. The NIA said that Pannu has been under investigation since 2019 after the first complaint was filed against him.
Its purpose is to work for the welfare, promotion of sports and all kinds of sports. pass the test.
The number of cases of corona virus in India has risen to 2,56,611 so far.
The residents said that it is regrettable that just for the sake of holding this festival, it is planned to violate the law kyntang in the name of development.
Donborlang Nongkynrih had to take the lead as the goalkeeper, but he couldn't save the ball from Marcelino Khongsit (90'+5) from the penalty spot.
He also opened coal mines, which opened up livelihoods for the people, and more improved methods of soybean cultivation.
Here, you have two ideas.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 2,95,70,881, the health ministry said in a statement.
I think this is also a subject that we still have to discuss,” said Prestone.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills still falls within the border of Meghalaya.
Only about 10% of the households have their own forests but the burning of rnga is still widespread because the village workers are employed to burn rnga in the forests of foreigners.
In his speech, Bah Mitchel congratulated the organizers for organizing this huge tournament and to close the curtain on the last day of the year.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 16: The FKJGP North Khasi Hills District, Ri Bhoi District today expressed its deep sorrow over the fact that the allocation of jobs in the posts of Contractors is not transparent and only those those with connections to officials get the job and others with no connections don’t get the job at all.
This can be understood from the words he wrote in his article: “Clearly religious zeal is a major cause of strife in the world today.
A statement said that on October 21, 2021, a call was received from 108 at 10.45pm that two young males had been shot and seriously injured at Golf Link and that They didn't know anyone else at that time.
They were identified as Shokhothang Touthang, 41, of Imphal Langol, Manipur and Sujit Paul, 31, of Karimganj, Assam.
The deliberations in the sessions and knowledge sharing in this huge program will guide us towards the sustainable development of water-related resources.
Those who don't pay are blind, but the bank balance is enough.
Article 16 (4) states that backwardness is closely related to inadequate representation in government services.
Five of those who were released from jail today are Bah DL Nonglait, the incumbent Rangbah Shnong, who was elected from Shillong District Jail. in the year 2006, he did not.
“The construction of NEEPCO's 2057 MW power plant has made the Corporation one of the most efficient PSUs in the North East.
The JSU said that to make it easier to find those who attended the wedding ceremony at Greenwood Resort, it should ask for photographs and videos taken at the wedding ceremony to identify the people and prevent the spread of the disease.
There was uprooting of heavy trees and the security guards were injured and their security post was also damaged.
The Crystal Palace midfielder (Eze) has been included after scoring seven goals in five Premier League games.
Lambha has been discharged from the hospital. 'He has a mental illness and has been admitted to a hospital for people with mental illness,' said the report. at Smith.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) East Khasi Hills District today vowed to arrest the illegal residents in Iewmawlong if the government ignores their demand.
Your struggle and struggle to wait for many hours because you don't have enough water to get ten bottles of kiad.
Meghalaya's team consists of Anastesia Shullai, Anjana Kumari, Awesaina S Marak, Cariyoka Lyngdoh, Dejianna M Sangma, Diya Biswa, Habandarisha Shangpliang, Jennyfer Fancon, Joannah Pyngrope, Lini Mandakini Ksoo, Mania Sangma, Mendy Adrena Mawlong. Ronjoli Basumatary, Steffenie Sohshang, Zoya Tasneem.
Tura, March 30: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) with the support of the National Federation for New States (NFNS) has decided to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar in New Delhi on Tuesday. It is the responsibility of Parliament to revive the demand for Garoland.
JOWAI: U Ma Finelyness Bareh, who has been the Chairman of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) since September 2019, has resigned from the post of Chairman of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADC) on Tuesday.
He said that the second condition is that the state government should look after some parts of MeECL. The Minister in charge of Electricity said that they do not want to hand over even a single part of MeECL to run.
So My patients who have come in contact with me from 21-24 July to kindly follow government rules and protocols.
On these issues, Dr.M.Mawrie, on the other hand, acknowledged that it is true that the people are complaining about the lack of ambulances, as it is now. There is not a single ambulance inside the hospital, which has caused problems to those patients who need an ambulance urgently for transfer to other suitable hospitals.
Chhetri is now the fourth highest goalscorer in the world (94 goals from 150 appearances) behind Argentina's Lionel Messi (106 goals from 180 appearances). Cristiano Ronaldo (128 goals in 205 appearances) has scored for Portugal.
Therefore, the United Christian Forum of NEI has appealed to all nations to pray.
According to the voice of the people, perhaps the smuggling of Bangladeshis is due to the increasing smuggling of goods between India and Bangladesh and it is through this that the Bangladeshis know all the ways to attack them. public in the area.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE), Tura, Tura, has postponed the HSSLC examination, 2021 due to the curfew.
“We have our own rules and regulations and we will look into them because all government employees fall under the rules,” said the Chief Secretary.
In the first innings, Lerry Sangma was one of the nine bowlers of the state who bowled only four overs but took three wickets for 28 runs.
Prince Maurya scored 5/15, Nirdesh Baisoya 3/26 and Sunvish Charak 1/4 for Meghalaya.
Besides Bah Nongrum, Warjri, who has been with the CEM since the beginning of the strike, has decided to continue the strike with the CEM at the statue of Kiang Nangbah near Shillong Civil Hospital. .
Both matches will start at 3 pm at their respective venues.
It will also surprise the people of Delhi that we have sent an MDA MP and not an NDA MP. It is up to the MLAs to decide whom to send.
Such people have no cure for their enslavement to their candidate and the party they have joined.
He also directed all government employees to respect the rules and regulations of the state, to refrain from taking part in such anti-government activities and those government employees who are involved, if The Government will punish them under Rule 20 of the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rule
This village is located in Amlarem constituency.
“Such training programs will help in creating employment opportunities for the youth in various sectors,” he said.
One of the witnesses to the large number of Assam vehicles, which have entered Meghalaya, is inside the Toll Gate at Pahammawlein, Ri Bhoi, where during these hours of Assam vehicles, the toll gate has been closed. The tax of HNAI has been increased.
He was sent to Woodland Hospital for treatment but was shifted to Guwahati today.
He said that so far, MeECL has borrowed T.726 crore from various distribution companies.
Ardent started his strike on 23rd June in front of the Additional Secretariat, Shillong to force the government to revise the Reservation Policy which he admitted has been too biased to abolish. They are Khasi-Jaintia.
Sangma also requested the Minister to issue directives to the department and NTA to conduct a special examination on the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) for those students of the State who have lost the opportunity to study. The CUET examination has been held at examination centers outside the State.
Let us receive the Lord Jesus Christ in our hearts and souls and let us be ready and welcome His coming as the true Son of God whom we wait for and look forward to. Christmas.
Spaindarsing Lyngkhoi said, “As leaders of the party, you must have a strong mind and foundation to avoid being deceived when you work for the good of the nation.
Dr. Kumar said that the MTACCS leaders have met with the Tourism Department officials for the project and before the start of the project, he has visited the site and The 100 Waterfalls Camp was named after the 100 Waterfalls Camp.
There are friends who don't know anything about God, they live lyngkar as much as they want because they don't take the initiative to go to church. every night they began to destroy their own religion and preach on that basis.
The Dorbar Shnong Laitlum was organized with the support of Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister of State for Sports and Youth Affairs. .
He said that through this, the land owners will also be happy and will be able to manage their land and avoid the confusion in which the land that has been registered with the Council will be recognized according to the law.
More than 100 teachers attended the meeting and several decisions were taken that the SDSEO office will implement by the 25th of this month.
On Saturday, 83 new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed, 2 have died, bringing the death toll to 1434 in the state.
The Tharia Wah Festival was held at Wah Rew to remind the market of Ryngud Hima Sohra of agricultural products and soh ki pai such as Soh Pieng which is very popular in Wah Rew. Bangladesh used to come by boat to Bangladesh from Riwar Sohra and therefore this market was known as “Hat Sohpieng”, said Bah Khongsya.
He also said that there should be the same law for men.
Nongpoh, Nailar 10: To strengthen the party and also to strengthen its presence in various constituencies in Ri-Bhoi District and the state as a whole, the leaders of the All India Trinamool Congress today visited Jirang Constituency to strengthen their party. Sunmoon Marak, President and candidate of the TMC party for the Jirang Constituency, was appointed at a meeting held today at Byrnihat.
Because they have been forced to follow the color of the world that feels if they turn to the path of injustice and that culture of corruption which is the policy is enough or that "DISHONESTY IS THE BEST FORSOME" which is the way to grow faster. The opportunity taken by some just to get the power of the throne and to get rich quickly to reach that goal of billions of parties by violating the rights of others, which has left behind, left children and put many problems that the State has faced in the last 38 years.
The Minister said that the MDA government's commitment has been shown by passing the Resolution on 19th November 2019 after there was a strong demand for the implementation of the ILP. The Resolution was sent to the MHA on 23rd November 2019 and the Government has once again reminded the MHA through a letter sent on 17th November,
It should be ringed in such a way that the numbers of the vehicles/two wheels can be recognized.
He is old, but sadly he is not yet old.
Shillong, March 2: While the Public Health Engineering Department (PHE) is preparing to clean up the Umkhrah River, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has already started the cleaning work. Oh Umkhrah.
Regarding the khiew making process, Larry Nongtdu who works at EFC Thadlaskein said that the khiew makers in Tyrchang have made progress now as they have also used forms to design the khiew.
The winner has estimated that the expenditure during the election campaign has reached Rs 2 or 3 crore.
Shniuh shopkeepers, auto drivers and laundry workers in Karnataka, will receive assistance from the state government, on this occasion, as assistance to the people during the Covid-19 curfew.
A case has been registered against them under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
“Today I feel like my heart has been cleansed.
The books he edited and wrote are:- He and Rev. JC Evans were the founders of the newspaper, U Nongialam Christian in
However, Lajong fought hard and scored the third goal in the 80th minute through another Brazilian player, Daniel Goncalves.
Those present on the occasion included Bah Balajied Rani, MDC Nongpoh, Bah Jedwin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong Pahamsyiem and other elders of the area.
He said that this land grabbing has been very rude because it has caused a lot of trouble to the tourists especially the school children who have to pass through this place. They also visited the area and met with Zunzunwala but he did not say anything about the excavation at Narbong Umjojwa.
Our Khasi people are so happy that they can't be defeated by the shuki and the bishni if ​​others rise.
New Delhi: The Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kiren Rijiju today introduced the 125th Amendment Bill, 2019 to strengthen the powers of District Councils in the Rajya Sabha. .
Mukhla FC have reached the final after beating CSA United 2-0 in the (L) Kesilroy Pala Invitation Football Tournament 2023 held at Kiang Nangbah. Stadium on Thursday These two Mukhla teams appeared in the second half which was enough for Mukhla to qualify for the final of the tournament.
Since the dawn of the moon, we have come to be human beings on earth through the seven households and seven tribes which we call “U Hynniew Trep U Hynniew Skum.
“The main purpose of this live show is to ask for the support of the people of Byrnihat and the District as well. “I urge the people of the area and district,” said Bah Vigyan Kharkongor.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The employees of the National Health Mission (NHM) Meghalaya, who used to work as Service Delivery Staff (SDS) on 05th November, have decided to start their strike from 6th November after These workers have decided to suspend their work across the state until the government listens to their demands.
Through the petition, the HYC has also clarified that these troops will get land in the area, they will also turn the land into the Cantonment Area and these Cantonment Areas. they no longer fall under the jurisdiction of the District Council and the local authorities such as Syiems, Raids and Villages.
Thus through these things we see and know that the prophecies of the Word of God are being fulfilled.
It is to be recalled that in Rambrai, there is one Primary Health Centre.
The presence of football lovers has been a blessing for the players and the community to improve in their sports.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The meeting between the state government and civil society organizations to develop measures to curb the entry of foreigners into the state will take another six months as the government will have to The Social Assessment Impact (SAI) has been handed over to the Meghalaya Institute of Government (MIG).
I don't know if it's true or not... I don't know if it's true or not.
The file has already been sent from the executive department, and once released by the government, we will be able to release Rs 52 crore for the SSA teachers.” 52 crore, the government has also confirmed to release the arrear which has been pending for several years.
After about 3 or 4 minutes of searching, Thranglut-o-ki found the child and immediately pulled her out of the water.
According to police investigation, Tangba had entered Manipur from Tanan camp in Myanmar in order to carry out illegal activities of the party.
“The offices inspected include the ICDS office with only one employee, the EE PWD office is still closed and was opened until 11.30 pm, the MeCL office has employees. The Sub Divisional Employment Office has only one Chowkidar while the others have not yet arrived. The Agriculture Office has more staff. The Weight and Measure Office has no employees, the Border Area Development Office has 2 out of 5 employees, the Soil Office has only 4 employees, the Fishery Office has only Out of the 11 cases, the office of the Asst.Executive Engineer PWD has no one, while the office of the SDO PHE has only one SDO and Chowkidar and only four persons have come from the office of the BDO.
Police have recovered an SBMl rifle along with bakhor from the residence of Ajit Rabha.
Mawrie said this after various political parties recently agreed to win a majority victory in the upcoming Legislative Assembly elections in the state. the earth shall build the house of the LORD.
Shillong: The Nongpoh Market, or CT Market, has collapsed at 11:00 pm today.
“Thei, bring me four children until I drink or you drink together?” said the father to his son.
This examination will be conducted both offline and online and will be for students from class 6 to 12, as well as those who have dropped out of school, but want to study for JEE or NEET.This year, Physics Wallah has proposed to provide scholarships worth Rs 200 crore to students who do well in the PWNSAT examination. 15th March, 2023 in Offline Mode and students can take their examination from 1st to 15th March, 2023 in Online Mode.
Ex.8:19.
Meanwhile, the Additional Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, said that the body of an unidentified man, aged 38, who has been admitted to the ICU, has been found. on 11.05.2023 at 11:36 am and who passed away on the same day at 1:00 pm.
We find them in riewhadem and other plants.
These two roads, which were inaugurated by Conrad Sangma, include the rong road at Lum Nongthymmai which was constructed at a cost of more than T.1 crore, the rong road from the main road. The Byrni Market will be constructed at a cost of T.90 lakh and the Multi Facility Center will be constructed at a cost of T.60 lakh.
The former player turned 78 and is survived by his daughter.
Therefore, the village has expelled the foreigners who have come to work and set up jobs in the village.
Real unemployment according to economics is that the population has exceeded the natural resources and means of income.
Even those people who have never voted for the Congress before, but this time they will vote for the Congress and this has ensured that the Congress will come to power. Bah Witness Day Sancley from this Constituency, so that the good intentions of the Congress for the development of the Constituency will be fulfilled and for the benefit of the people of the Constituency as a whole, he added.
The match between Lion Sports and Youth Affairs against West Madan Mustem was very friendly and the match came to a tie-breaker, where Lion Sports and Youth Affairs won. West Stadium beat Mustem 5-3
Ojit Phangcho, a Karbi, while explaining about the Hachakekan dance, said that this opportunity to take part in the Lakhempong dance has brought about a close relationship between one ethnic group and another. even.
Halbert will be able to have children when he leaves home, and Gratia will be able to wait while the man is awake.
In the women's category, Wahshnong SC and Nongrim SC competed. In the U-13 boys category, Littlestar, Ryntih, Synroplang and Nongrim SC participated.
The polling in Sohiong Assembly Constituency, which has 63 polling stations, has been suspended earlier due to the death of UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh, former Minister of Home Affairs on 10th June.
Andrew Tangsong of Nongpiur SC won the Best Player award, Jason Paul Mawrie of Nongkseh Rim won the Top Scorer award and Jason Paul Mawrie of Nongkseh Rim won the Best Goalkeeper award. Ronald Jyrwa of Pyrda FC, K Syiemlieh of Pyrda FC, Best Manager, Nathaniel Janong of Lummawbah Mawbynna, Metei Shaphrang Kharlor of Nongumlong Junior. The Best Discipline Team was awarded to the University of Mawbynna.
He said the Association has talked to the families of the two taxi drivers to demand compensation.
“If the Garo people say that the Reservation Policy is sufficient for us, we say it is not sufficient and if the 40 percent they get will provide them with this much, it is better to separate from our own state,” he said. said.
The management of Roman Catholic Evening School, Mihmyntdu, West Jaintia Hills District has held a ceremony to honor 25 players of the school who have brought fame to the school and the district after winning the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament. It is organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government.
During the meeting, the Ministers said that they do not want Minister Langstieh to leave the post of Minister of Hima to enter politics and they still want him to continue working as a Minister to run the affairs of the Hima. the Kingdom that has been given to you.
Rising Star scored 121 runs in 20 overs for the loss of nine wickets.
The increase in the number of indigenous people who do not own land in the State should have surprised us.
On the other hand, Samla Ostarning Marbaning, Assistant Organizing Officer of KSU Jaiaw Circle, and General Secretary of KSU Jaiaw Circle, expressed his deep sorrow over the absence of attendance on this day. Hopingstone Lyngdoh Nonglait at the Dorbar Hall Mawkhar, Shillong, which showed that the people of Shillong have forgotten this great man who sacrificed himself for the sake of the nation. Ma Hopingstone has been a man who has done many great things for the nation especially his willingness to stand up as one of the leaders against the mining of uranium. The KSU said that the KSU will never allow any group to mine uranium here in our country. too.
The Palestinian militant group Hamas on Tuesday threatened to kill hostages if Israeli troops continue to bomb without warning in the area. public in the Gaza Strip.
He said that although he does not speak in the House but he calls and talks to the officers every day regarding the needs to bring about development works and he believes that works speak louder than words. and these are the things he does now.
“This college is not for my own benefit, but for the benefit of the students from poor families and parents who cannot afford to send them to school in the urban areas, because from this college students can complete their education. “This is an example that development works will continue to succeed if the people continue to allow him to become the leader of the Legislative Assembly,” said Bah Mayral.
He said that the management of NEIGRIHMS has requested the cooperation of the HoD Cardiology for two years on this issue, but the department has not listened at all and continues to force them. patients, to buy medical equipment at affordable prices.
Speaking to the DC, it was learned that this person had been tested earlier, but he returned to Gawuhatai and did not test again when he returned to the state.
He said that this act shows that there is no order in all aspects in the State.
The vehicle was taken from Polo Market and upon reaching the scene, the robbers set fire to the vehicle.
Her dress was simple and not too fancy.
JA Lyngdoh said Modi will leave the Polo Ground between 2 and 2:30 pm and it is expected that about 15,000 to 20,000 people will attend the rally.
Only one or two can find trustworthy friends,” said the mother in front of her children.
Gavin also requested the State Government to provide ex-gratia to the family who are suffering because the wife and children of Bah Running are suffering because there is no supporter for them. apartment.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne said that before foreigners can get a Labor License from the State Government, they have to get a Labor License. The Clearance Certificate from the District Council and the rules and regulations shall remain the same as at the time of issuance of Labour Licence.
Parking Lot, Polo Ground – Jingkieng (Polo Bazar) – Lad Lawmali – Jaiaw Jingthang people – Jaiaw Mawbynna – Jaiaw St.Joseph – Jaiaw Pdeng – Lad Jaiaw Lansonalane – Jaiaw Shyiap – Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church – Umsohsun Road – Sani Mandir (GS Road) – 9-Lad – Raj Bhavan – Barik – Dhanketi – Don Bosco Square – Shillong Commerce College – PGT College – B.K.Bajoria School – 4th Furlong – Polo Bazar – Parking Lot, Polo.
“The MPCC has not yet decided on the MP candidate and the party will take a decision because I am not the only one who has applied for the ticket but there are others who have applied for the ticket,” he said.
This Yaongyimchen protects the food of birds especially dragon flies, insects and other species of birds.
“He congratulated the Meghalaya Government for the initiative of the Minister of Food Civil Supply and Consumer Affairs, Bah Comingone Ymbon to talk to the Mazdoor Union where they have decided to resume the supply of fuel. to Meghalaya and stop the protests after discussing the problems that the people will face if the import of petrol and diesel into Meghalaya is stopped.
The Government of India through the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment has launched the Accessible India Campaign in 2015 with the main objective of making government buildings or government offices as well as the homes of private businesses and the public that they should be making it easier for people with disabilities to reach the destination.
These nurse students said that the government should arrest and punish those involved in helping the person who appeared without taking the examination.
How do you say? The Samaritan woman said to him, “I know that Messiah is coming, who is called Christ! She ran to tell the town – Ale! Behold, a man that told me all things that ever I did, was not this the Christ? The crowds came out of that city to see the Messiah whom the Jews had rejected.
He said that he chose the UDP instead of the NPP because he saw that only the leaders have been sitting in the NPP while the people do not want it.
When they don’t want to, there’s absolutely nothing they can force.
Shillong, Sohra and Umiam received 14.3mm of rainfall till 2.30 pm today.
At its meeting on 6th October, the SNSBH has given another deadline to the state government to implement the Village Administration Bill (VAB) of KHADC and to cancel the notice for the registration of employees. The government has appointed Rangbah Shnong within two months.
In this regard, district magistrates or other relevant authorities have been authorized to ensure compliance with the orders.
The Hima Mylliem Office has already announced that 1222 shops have been allowed to open and out of these 413 shops can open per day according to the markings A, B, C According to the police, the shops that have already opened will reopen after 2 days.
Edmund Speakerson Lyngdoh is a former MLA and Minister of the Meghalaya Government and a former MDC of the JHADC.
Tenders have already been awarded for the repair of some schools.
The Minister's remarks came after the MeECL (CCORMAU) protested against the proposal to hand over the distribution companies (Discoms) across the country.
“We have been told that the government cannot call for talks because the Election Act is still in force,” said JACATAM Chairman ED Nongsiang.
Earlier, Murdoch married model Jerr Hall, who previously lived with Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger.
Mawkyrwat, July 15: U MDC of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Carness Sohshang on Saturday inaugurated and handed over the work order worth T.10 lakh for the construction of the Multipurpose Hall. of the Sakwang Presbyterian Church.
The MLA also informed the Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma to sanction about Rs 20 crore for the improvement of roads, bridges and to make Ialong a Model Village in the next 5 years. next year.
When the CAG examined the databases of the C & RD Block for the IGNDPS scheme which should be available to those with disabilities, it was found that in five CDPOs of the Block there are 15 persons who have received benefits and paid 2.12 lakh tyngka.
To blame the MLAs is wrong to blame the people who elected the MLAs for their own benefit.
He said that the HSPDP at this time is afraid and afraid only of Dr. Pariong because he is an old man in the constituency and besides that he is a very strong man. you voted in Nongstoin.
He was speaking to reporters at the awards ceremony held by the Pynthorumkhrah Assembly Youth Congress at Bellfonte, Lumshyiap.
When asked whether these land owners who have been demanding from time to time have not received even 10 anna of payment, the DC said that according to the information, a notification has been issued. ) before paying, he said, perhaps those in their households were taken.
This department was established today in Jowai.
Referring to the committee set up by the Raid Shabong to preserve the customs and traditions, Bah Morning Star Khongthaw said that this is to preserve the customs and traditions of the ancestors. They rested in ancient and many ways.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 204 cases, including Demthring Cluster 4, Dhankheti Cluster 3, Golflink Cluster 3, Health Worker 7, High Risk Contact 2, Jaiaw Cluster 2, Kharang Jongksha Cluster 2, Laban Cluster 2, Lachumi. Laitkor Cluster 3, Laitkroh Mawmyrsiang Cluster 11, Laitumkhrah Cluster 10, Lawmali Cluster 10, Lyngkien Ramklang Cluster 6, Madanrting Cluster 2, Mawkhar Cluster 2, Mawkhar Cluster luster 3, Mawpath Mawmarrow. Cluster 2, Mawphlang Kyiem Cluster 2, Mylliem Cluster 3, Nongrah Cluster 3, Nongrim Hills Cluster 2, Nongthymmai Cluster 7, Oakland Cluster 2, Police 2, Police Bazar Cluster 2, Pynursla Cluster 2, Rynjah 2, Smit Cluster Umpling Cluster 10, Upper Shillong Cluster 8.
We would like to remind the ECI and others that there is no point in having rules if the inflow of money into communities and families cannot be stopped.
The Prime Minister of India has the right to buy such vehicles but why doesn't he ask the same question to the Ministers of Meghalaya how many vehicles and land they have from the salary of the Ministers in the state of Meghalaya?
Photographs of District Head Quarters in the State.
The statement said that there will be a public hearing on the matter on the 15th of this month at the site of the factory.
In the first leg, the two teams scored 1-1 goals.
According to the list, the names of the candidates and their constituencies are James Sangma from Babelapara, Stevie M. Marak from Boldamgre, Jagadish Ch Hajong from Zikzak, Sanjay Koch from Betasing, Malcolm M. Sangma of Rochonpara, Agassi R. Marak of Balachanda, Ashahel D. Shira of Batabari, Habibuz Zaman of Shyamnagar, Joyson R. Marak of Raksamgre, Levastone T. Sangma of Jengjal, Manseng Momin of Bolsong and Lahitson M. Sangma of Samanda.
“The people who walk every day are suffering and difficult to walk on this road and find it difficult to complete their work on time in Nongpoh, as it has affected the time to walk from 20 mer. to Tasku which is for hours just because of the bad road,” he said.
John F Kharshiing, Working President, MSOA, said, “It is a great honor for us that Riiohlang has been selected as the host of the AFC tournament. Riiohlang, who works as a constable in the Meghalaya Police, said.
“We would have loved to have had a suitable female candidate.
They also built the “Ka Sad ka Sunon” for worship, which still stands today.
He said the partnership aims to bring about cooperation to strengthen the production and use of sustainable bio-fuels, to open up the trade of bio-fuels and other activities in collaboration with groups. from different countries working in the bio-fuel industry.
Guwahati, Naitung 17: Ka Accoland, a prominent tourist attraction and entertainment venue in Assam, has been closed for seven days after the district authorities found that the venue was visited by people from all over the country. The place where they used to flow well has violated the law that should be taken care of to avoid accidents or the safety of visitors.
“I, as the General Secretary of HFU West Khasi Hills, would like to urge all the farmers, don't delay but please go and get the BABA from the Office of the District Agricultural Officer or contact Sir Phawa or them. Staff.
It is alleged that the Forest Department had allocated land in 1923 for the construction of the Hindu Temple at Mahadev Khola for religious purposes and not for the construction of houses.
The birthday of the Seng Khasi was celebrated as the Seng Kutsnem Day.
The MDC said that there are those who are poor but they have shown and shone brightly in various fields that God has given them special talents.
Concerts, or any other entertainment related to the election, are also prohibited.
Shillong Lajong will end their Durand Cup campaign against Downtown Heroes FC at 4:45 pm at the SAI Stadium Kokrajhar.
He said the Congress has been pointing out the work of the BJP-led NDA government in terms of the country's income.
Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said, “Conrad Sangma, why do you criticize the Hill State fighters who have won the state? fifty years ago, through imprisonment and beatings by the police and CRP. Do you know how much effort thousands of volunteers have made to demand the full state until they get it? “If Conrad Sangma makes a mistake again in resolving the remaining border areas which will be resolved in the second phase, he should remember that the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep, will He is no longer allowed to enter Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Chutwakhu scored 107/1
One of the Congress workers climbed a tree and threatened to commit suicide.
If anyone sees her, please let us know so that she can come home.
AGS leaders led by Krishna Bhujel, President and Lakshmi Sedai, General Secretary met with Atul Bora, Minister in charge of Border Villages. Your petition to the Minister.
For now, the end has not yet come, but they are only a small beginning before that great beginning comes.
Therefore, we call upon all of us to stand against such SOPs and to establish a good foundation at this time when we elect our Nongsynshar. Whether these SOPs will be fully implemented or we want the Government and the Authorities to bring about changes in the rules of the SOPs so that the wealth from coal should not be held or acquired by only a few people.
“I will never stop this as long as I live, because this is what saves me,” said Salvador, who is one of the fishermen and has been imprisoned for 14 years.
The use of coal to generate electricity has affected Meiramew until the rain, wind and heat have destroyed it.
Therefore, this issue is not appropriate because when we live together in the same state, we cannot discriminate against anyone or discriminate against anyone but it is up to the wisdom of the people to choose. the leaders.
This construction project started in 2007-08 and until today it has been plagued by various problems and has not been completed.
The incident happened near the entrance of a petrol pump at 11mer Mawsmai, Ri Bhoi District, where the Scoty and the truck were on their way to Guwahati. The accident occurred at the entrance to the petrol pump and the driver of the Scoty died on the spot.
Only KHNAM, NPP and GNC attended the meeting. They sent a letter of support as they could not attend.
At present, it is social media that spreads the news every minute to everyone.
Shillong, November 22: U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday, November 19, 2013, donated a Christmas gift to the village of Mawlai Umjajew. two blankets, tyrpal, blankets and blankets.
The best way to fight is without any bloodshed or intimidation. When we demand justice, we must fight in a peaceful manner with determination and determination and perseverance.
The mother asked her son.
Shillong, Nailur 04: The Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF) including the UDP and NPP has decided to move a no confidence motion (NCM) against the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mondal. The starting date of the dorbar synrai will be from the 9th to the 16th of this month.
Because they don't need to talk about two issues as it is the custom and tradition of marriage among the Khasi.
The power of money blinds our understanding and blinds our minds until we no longer recognize or want to produce leaders to take over the government for the common good.
Therefore, the Government of Meghalaya would like to take action on this issue to discuss and urge the Government of India to immediately relocate its ground and air bases from Shillong and Rangmen (Dam Site).
It was a fierce match between the two teams, in which Lajong beat Gokulam from all sides of the pitch and it was in the 30th minute that Daniel Gonclaves took the lead. He left his group in collaboration with Henry Cliff Nongbri.
The Forum urged the Chief Secretary to take immediate action on this issue and to send back Block-I to Meghalaya.
After that, the suspects fled the scene.
Police have seized the vehicle and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the drug trafficking in Shillong.
Some said they received 1000 tyngka.
One of them, William, was brought from Tura Jail and arrested for demanding money from a police custody officer. a woman in Shillong by phone.
Rilistina Blah, (65) of Mawphlang Lad Umrisain, Mitchell Lyndem, (58) of Lumshyiap, Chandmari, and Samol Kouri, (38) of Bakur Dawki, West Jaintia Hills, Linda Syiemlieh, 74, of Mairang, and Nancy Mary Kharkrang, 78, of Wahkdait, Malki, died at home.
The incident happened at around noon, when a truck carrying clinker number AS-01-GC-1274 coming from Jowai, overturned and hit an empty truck. The driver of the truck (ML-05H-1872) was coming from the opposite direction, but in this incident, the driver of the truck carrying clinker, died shortly after being hit by the truck.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 01: The Dorbar Shnong of Saiden Village, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday, has warned the Dorbar Shnong of Saiden Village, Ri Bhoi District, on Saturday. The Village Leaders for the year 2016-2019 were elected or renewed at a public meeting chaired by Bah GH Kharshanlor as Chairman at the Durbar Shnong Saiden.
It took several hours for the NHAI, with the assistance of the Ri Bhoi Police, to clean up these areas.
Speaking to reporters, Francis Wanñiang said that last year, the PWD officials had completed the survey from Kyndongei to Mawrok, in order to send the Detail Project Report to the the Government, to include it in the Prime Minister's Gramsadak Yojana.
Police of West Khasi Hills District have requested the public to stay away from dangerous places or roads in Nongstoiñ due to the floods during the rainy season.
Who else will be the Chief Minister, it is not yet clear because there will be a struggle for this golden throne of the Government.
According to the report, Victoria teaches at a school in Arunachal Pradesh, while Manbha Kumar Halijam Syiem works as a warden.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today informed the Legislative Assembly that the Government is in talks with the Airport Authority of India (AAI) and other agencies to extend the runway. The existing Shillong Airport at Umroi to accommodate larger aircraft.
The disease has so far infected 10,000 people and the death toll has risen to 3,800, spreading to 70 countries, the report said.
The incident, which hit the navy on duty in the Indian Ocean, is the worst incident.
“It is not to dissolve the EC but to strengthen the EC which is in short supply of funds,” said the chairman of JHADC. the Central Government for the needs of the Council.
Remember that only the AITC or TMC, led by Dr. Mukul Sangma, will remain in opposition until the end of this five years.
Chestar Nongtdu scored for Rymbai Pohskur in the 19th minute and Soki Bareh in the 26th minute for Byndihati SC.
They said that if it is as it is now, the implementation of the 1000 days scheme in Mawshynrut Block has been delayed.
Shillong: A house, which suddenly caught fire on the morning of 14th March 2023 at Thana Road, Shillong, has collapsed completely due to the intensity of the fire.
The school was established in 2011 by the KSU with the aim of bringing light to the border area especially the main aim of the KSU is to improve education.
The Syntiew Synrai Festival was opened at a function held at the Polo Ground.
This was stated by the President of the HYC Nongthymmai Circle, Bryan Mazer Dkhar.
The Sordar of Raid Mukertila, Bah Phren Kongwang, was also seen speaking at the meeting and when asked what he was saying, he said that he had made it clear at the meeting that on behalf of Raid Mukertila, the land owners. He said that from Wahkdait to Jingkieng Dawki, they are ready to provide land for the construction of the road along with the payment of compensation to the land owners. The government should also take over their land to build new roads.
Most of the cases in Maharashtra are from Mumbai and Pune, the report said.
Because after 3 and a half years comes 30 days.
On the other hand, u Bah Pangniang said that when he saw that the people have worked hard with their physical strength, u Bah Pangniang promised that as an MLA he will continue to provide more assistance to these people. village for many needs.
He said that many of those invited to the meeting were supporters of uranium mining and expressed their support for the Two Lane Road in the past years.
The Minister said that the people of the state are wise, they don't elect their leaders by chance but they think first how to elect a person.
It is a fair and reasonable demand that school teachers should receive a pension when they are old and retired from their job.
The storm is said to be located in a sunny area in parts of the equator and could damage satellites, mobile phones, satellite television and power plants. world.
Indeed, small business owners need to understand better how to manage and operate their businesses.
“He said that don't vote for other candidates because they have to sdien on the NPP bus which is already full and which is now leading the government, but you should vote for the NPP candidate who is already the owner of the NPP bus. government.
What the government can do is to ensure that the price increase should not be excessive otherwise there will be more part-time dropouts.
Bada criticized the HSPDP for unfounded expulsion of Pyniaid Sing Syiem MDC Sohryngkham and said, “I am shocked to see through the newspapers”.
He said that the people should consider carefully the leaders of the new party and the issues they bring because they bring only halfway.
Traders should be responsible for not using formalin in order to gain confidence from consumers not to endanger health.
Police and army will hold a meeting to resolve the incident,” said a statement from the army.
“However, this time there is another problem where these cement companies have purchased hundreds of trucks while Star Cement alone has already purchased 250 trucks and the cement companies have purchased hundreds of trucks. “We are ordering another 250 trucks and this purchase of trucks by the Cement Companies puts the livelihoods of the local truck drivers at risk,” he said.
A collection of information on the garment industry in Meghalaya and Arunachal Pradesh was also presented.
These rights of the chiefs were monitored from time to time by the Syiems, Lyngdohs, Sirdars, Wahadars, Dolloi and Nokmas from 1947-1
The AIEF was established with the aim of becoming a common platform for all teachers teaching in various schools in India, to bring about the best exchange of views regarding the teaching of our institution, to further improve education in various fields, to expand the service work in drafting and formulating laws for education, to connect and collaborate with other groups responsible for the promotion of education and the protection of the rights of teachers in India.
Shortly after in 1896, Jeebon Roy included the 'ï' and 'ñ' in the Khasi alphabet.
Dmikstar Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien, Secretary of the Lyngdoh Nonglyngkien Kur, who knows well the rituals and customs of the Maram, told me that the plague started in 1793 and ended. in the 18
The state has also received the Ayushman Excellence Awards 2022 in two categories for the use of doctors and nurses in the Healthcare Professional Registry and the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana ( AB PM-JAY)” which is the last in the implementation of the scheme (2021-2022).
The match ended in a 1-0 draw in the first half.
Referring to the implementation of the Jal Jeevan Mission in West Khasi Hills, at present even half of the villages in the district do not have the drinking water supply as allocated by the central government.
Shillong, Naitung 16: An accident has occurred at 6:30 pm this evening at Upper Shillong.
The Seng invites all those students who live within the boundary of Jaiaw Village to come forward in their studies from those who are studying in lower grades to those who are still continuing or completing their studies. higher education level.
The opposition leader did not listen well to the speech of Agatha K Sangma demanding the release of Meghalaya from the CAB and the North East.
Therefore, he could not refuse to apply for ticket from the BJP and now even though the BJP has not announced the ticket, Pondit has been doing his job quickly.
This was announced by the Secretary of Nongshken Village Council.
Earlier, Bah PS Suchen gave a short story on the Sohkha Govt.
