Subsequently, they flee and discard their own guns at the scene.
Shillong, June 03: The High Court of Meghalaya today said it is up to the Legislative Assembly and the Government whether to implement the Roster System in the Reservation Policy of Meghalaya.
Shillong, Lber 06: The Executive Committee of KHADC led by Bah Pynshngain N Syiem and Bah L Blah as EM of Marbisu District has strongly condemned the appointment of Acting Sirdar in Marbisu District. which violates and destroys the customs and traditions of this area.
Discussing the issue, the MEPA leaders urged Kumar to look into the bias taken by the state government regarding the announcement of the North East Olympics. games 2022 and more access to foreign newspapers.
Secretary, Tournament Committee).
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, three new cases have been confirmed today while seven cases have recovered.
Speaking to media, after the meeting, the leaders of the group said that they express their dissatisfaction because if the law is passed, it will be like the seeds of evil deeds in the country. the society of the state which can lead to household complaints and other crimes.
The group was able to participate in one of the largest programs in India which was held in Allahabad Prayagraj Uttar Pradesh from 15th July to 4th October
The proposal to hand over MeECL to REC Power Distribution Company Limited through the Injection Based Distribution Franchisee (IBDF) for 25 years shows the way of doing business and making money in this coalition government.
Because of the lack of clothes, the incident has turned into a lifelong tragedy for the people of the village.
He said that 26 robbers have died and 146 others have been injured in the shooting by the state police.
At present, the situation in Tura has started to improve, without any incident.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District has issued an order to reopen the market on 9th November. Lamin and others demanded that the trade through this market should be suspended due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Many residents of Upper Shillong have been affected by the traffic jam for the second time in a month but they said that they cannot walk again because they have to drive away from work.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Assistant General Secretary, KSU Central Executive Council, in his speech, encouraged the youth to take part in such games.
The High Court today heard the petition filed by Bah Kynjaimon Ames against the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and others. regarding the Jowai Bypass while the NHAI has submitted its report on the NH-6 between Jowai and Ratacherra.
Now we want to start a new way of life, but not as a husband, but as parents and as a responsibility to the family and each other.
However, I commend the West Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (WYF) for showing that it has not yet given up.
At the same time, Miss Balarisha Nongkynrih Asst Professor Shillong College gave a brief explanation on the main points written by Dr. Kharmalki.
Schools recognized by the MBOSE should conduct their own Selection Test in their respective schools.
They will have to stand in the middle.
Speaking to reporters at the rally in front of the SP office, Angela said that the illegal raid by MUDA employees, police and private security personnel is exactly like come and destroy the houses of the people.
I fell in love with all of her poetry; but one of them, 'Sired Evening', really impressed me.
Every day, tourists from the state, outside the state and abroad, come to visit and walk on the siej bridges which are many in this place before reaching Mawryngkhang.
In the U-18 (Boys) category, Renaldi Dhar of H. Elias Higher Sec School, Nongthymmai won the Best Athlete title in the 100m with 718 points. Anrisha Klein of OM Roy Memorial Higher Sec School, Mawlai scored 687 points in the High Jump.
Those found guilty will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
According to reports, the incident happened at 12:00 pm last night, when the victims were identified as Ebrin Wajri. and Bhupen Basumatri, who were still sleeping in the house.
He alleged that he was abducted from his residence on October 10,
Indrajit's remarks came after the arrest of his son Showik Chakravorty and Sushant's housekeeper Samuel Miranda, who is under investigation for drinking alcohol. drugs the actor and those who supplied him with drugs.
Kareena Kapoor and Saif Ali Khan's love story is one of the most famous stories in Bollywood.
There are many examples from the Bible of how especially God's people faced various trials such as David, Joseph and others.
He also appealed to these students to make good use of the knowledge they have gained from the University after completing their studies at various levels and he hopes that these students will Those who have completed their studies will produce clean fruit for the development of society.
There is a very close relationship between books and people.
Aimeda Umsong, 38, of Mawshun, EK Hills, died on her way to Shillong on 20-5-2
Nongpoh, July 12: Patharkhmah Sports Club has won the 1st Spring Cum Summer Basketball Tournament 2022 organized by Patharkhmah Governor Basketball Ground. Higher Secondary School.
Fr Rolandus Lyngdoh, Principal of St Joseph Higher Secondary School Nongkasen, in his speech as the chief guest, said that every year the students of this school pass well.
Putin's statement is a confirmation that the leader of the Wagner group is indeed dead.
Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan has visited the worst affected villages in Vidisha and directed the relevant authorities to collect information on the number of crops damaged by the floods. The rainfall has been reduced to provide compensation to the farmers, the source said.
After a clash, a clash broke out and the police fled to the Out-Post of Assam.
In the next match, Evergreen Mukhla and Panaliar shared 10 points after a 1-1 draw.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah LK Tariang, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, reminded that 'Hopelessness' is one of the reasons why people take their own lives.
The tree is about 20 feet tall and 10 feet tall.
“We will convert this waste into recyclable products and we will complete this project within 12 to 18 months.
Do you want the people to judge the law or will it not bring more and more confusion?"
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma today inaugurated the Jengjal Civil Sub-station in West Garo Hills. Division in the presence of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James K. Sangma at Baljek, about 32 km from Tura in West Garo Hills.
Shillong, Lber, 15: U BJP MLA Alexander L. Hek, who is also the Minister of State, has been one of the four candidates for the BJ ticket to contest from the Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
The Seng wishes the winner a healthy body and a good income.
The JSM said that this attempt by the district authorities to exercise the powers of the Dorbar Shnong is unacceptable in the Khadar rule of Bri U Hynniewtrep.
The main purpose of the meeting was not only to look into these cases, but also to ensure that steps have been taken to investigate all the cases.
Sources close to the Congress said that out of the 35-40 candidates who will be announced on this day, most will be from Khasi Hills, while for the remaining 20-25 constituencies, they will be announced in the next few days.
Our aim is to manufacture motorcycles or even scooties.
After this, Saqlain was arrested.
However, the game turned suddenly after Khliehmawlieh scored several goals for Atong Matgrik in the 69th minute, then Lenny Kravity Lyngdoh in the 69th minute. Dadap Marwein in the 71st minute, Kynjai Myrthong in the 83rd minute and Rishotbor Lyngdoh in the 90th minute.
The Chief Guest also handed over mementos to the first members of the Sponsoring Body of the College including Bah Naiñtarsing Nongrem, Bah Semsing Dkhar (Bam kwai ha dwar u Blei), Bah Bah Permanent Syiem and Paiem EP Syiem, Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima.
New Delhi: There have been 7,964 new cases of covid-19 in the past 24 hours.
“As far as we allege corruption, we have already provided evidence and proof to confirm what we allege to the leaders in Delhi.
The Lyngngam Presbytery founded the Ri Lyngngam Venture ME School in
Ashok Bharti, a Dalit and tribal leader, said the curfew would be lifted if their demands were accepted.
PFR scored 23 goals and Laitkor 22 goals.
Shillong, June 28 : U Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Minister of State and Chairman of the Monitoring and Implementation Committee (CMCIC) today distributed relief goods to various groups in his constituency. 2.60 lakh which is from the Discretionary Grant 2-22-2
That big store needed workers.
Not only at this time, u Nujorki Sungoh has helped us in many ways, especially in various schemes, he has been a great blessing to us, especially to us as a village. We are still preparing for the KJP Eastern Synod next year in 2021, together with the Barato Presbyterian Church.
Shillong: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CORP) has congratulated the Rangbah Shnong of Seilleiular for taking the initiative to ban the vehicles carrying excessive crossing over the DC. There are no more heavy vehicles to pass through this bridge.
“MeECL pays the current payment from time to time to the Generation Companies, but regarding the remaining 15 years, the government has decided to take the Atmanirbhar loan from the central government. “Part of this loan has been received by the government and the second part of the loan will be discussed,” he added.
This is very important to understand because in our Khasi-Jaintia country and in India as a whole, the farmer does not care about the water of the cow or any other animal.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: U Bah Myghter Marweiñ on Friday visited the house of Drula Snaitang to provide assistance with tins of household items. on June 26, 2022.
“These are the ones who have caused the loss of the MTC office,” he said.
The two teachers were identified as S.Chetri, 49, and TR Sangma, 48, while they were coming from Nongstoiñ on a motorcycle with the intention of going to Rangsapara on Tuesday morning but when they reached a place known as Mynniar, the robbers who could not recognize their faces tied and bombed them until they reached Mynniar. one of them died hashen while the other was seriously injured.
Speaking at the meeting, Conrad said that Bah HM Shangpliang during his tenure as MLA used to speak in the House on the issues of the people.
Many speakers from the Elaka authority including Bah B.Diengdoh, elders including Bah TB Diengdoh, Seng Samla leaders including Bah P.Pyngrope, H.M. Marba-niang and others.
In the second match, Mynthong drew 0-0 against Sohmynting.
On the other hand, the District Administration of West Khasi Hills has not been able to hold a special celebration by inviting all the public to participate, but only the officers and employees of the Government departments in the District together with Rangbah Shnongs held a meeting at the ground floor of the Deputy Commissioner's office.
Shillong, Nailur 27: U Sanjay Goyal, IAS, who has been the DC of West Garo Hills and East Khasi Hills, will take over as the Chairman cum Managing Director (CMD) of MeECL. IAS officer of 2004 batch, has returned from his interstate deputation.
Shillong, Jymmang 20 : Meghalaya lost to Hyderabad by four wickets in the final of the Ranji Trophy (Plate Group) at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Cricket Stadium on Tuesday. Stadium, Hyderabad.
After joining the NPP, he returned to the party.
This incident happened on 13th June 2024, when this woman was electrocuted in a forest area near the village while she was going to pick jhur from the village. the place with his son.
Sangma also announced that he will pay T.5 lakh per head for the victims.
The Pakistan cricket team has vowed not to take part in the ICC Cricket World Cup 2023 scheduled to be held in India this year if the Board of Directors decides not to take part in the ICC Cricket World Cup The BCCI has banned the Indian men's team from participating in the 2023 Asia Cup.
Speaking to media, Bah Robertjune said that if you look at the manifestos of the parties in the government, there are many promises that they have made to the people. These parties should not demand that they fulfill their promises to the people.
Part of the water in the well is called tiewlarun.
Meghalaya is one of the States with the highest number of people addicted to alcohol, cigarettes and tobacco and is also one of the States with the highest number of people suffering from tuberculosis due to alcohol, cigarettes and tobacco. .
“We, the Garo, have been implementing the laws according to the customs and traditions in the Hima Courts, Lasker Courts and District Council Courts since ancient times to hear any complaints.
The Joint Executive Committee (JPK) of the Seng Khasi Kmie, held on 7th November 2023, discussed the release of the recent video entitled 'Is the Khasi people There is a YouTube channel called 'Na Rympei U Hynniewtrep'
He said that on the day of the death of this woman from Mawbah, no one from the authorities in charge of informing the village that this woman died of Covid-19 which has spread to the neighbours. that they may go and mourn in this house; Therefore, the village authority has requested the government to inform the villages only about the deaths so that they can think about this disease.
He said the reason for this is that the MBoSE does not have an Education Policy.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma has lined up to cast his vote at the polling station at Walbakgre LP School in Tura.
The MSPCB officials have also taken the water from the river for testing but it is not yet known what caused the river to turn color and kill the fish. .
Meghalaya has seen an increase in income, income and employment in the year 2021-2
The reason why people are destroyed from generation to generation in this age is because of poverty.
Answering a question during the Question Hour of the Fourth Budget Session of the Legislative Assembly on 23rd October, 2023, the Minister in charge of Electricity, AT Mondal He said that 53 villages are included in the scheme.
The king's daughter hid in a cave near the village.
Shillong: The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) of Meghalaya, Bah FR Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the number of voters in the urban areas is lower than in the rural areas. village.
There is a scheme called Paramparagat Krishi Vikas Yojna which has been launched to encourage farmers to work together to cultivate without pesticides.
The three organizations have spoken to the employees of the department and they have said that they are waiting for the orders of the outside authorities such as the prime minister or the government authorities. Regarding the price of the Chalan, the office said that according to it, the price is 1160 (Khadwei hundred seventy) tyngka per tonne, while other requirements can be DC EJH said.
THEY HELP OTHERS:— Healthy people free up their time for others to serve and do good at all times.
Shillong: Shillong Cricket Association A (NCA) on Tuesday won the Inter-District U-23 Tournament of the 2013 FIFA World Cup at Nongpoh today. I won my innings against East Khasi Hills in Zone
According to the family members, the NEIGRIHMS authorities have performed the operation on the grounds that there is a tumor in the kidneys of the patient.
The village leaders have tried to inquire about the suspension of the road, but the village leaders have not received any information because the employees of the PWP department have not been able to provide any information. appropriate answer for what reason.
The four greeted and hugged their family members as soon as they left the capsule.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar East Jaintia Hills, through a statement from its President, Teras Dkhar, would like to clarify to the public that Ramesh Dkhar and all his relatives are not from the Kur Dkhar but They have misused the Dkhar Kur as their Kur after they came from Silchar, Assam and settled in Tongseng East Jaintia Hills. The Kur Dkhar as their Kur without the permission of the Kur Dkhar leaders, which is against the customs and traditions and the right of ownership of the Kur Dkhar as a whole. taught and inherited from the ancestors of the Dkhar clan.
Other party leaders who attended the meeting included the president of the Youth Wing of West Khasi Hills and others.
Rangdajied will prepare for their third match against Jeppiaar FC on the 19th and against Dempo SC on the 21st of this month.
“This is a fear and if they come 10 kilometers to enter and shoot openly, it means they are the militants of the Assam government,” he added.
Our country's intellectuals and the government understand the saying, “Prevention is better than cure.
The NIOS has announced the date of the examination on the 31st of July and 2nd and 3rd of July this year. July 502 and July 2nd July 503 examination will be held from 2.30 pm to 5.30 pm.
The scheme requested by Bah Sanbor costs T.21.69 crore and Bah Shullai believes that it will create employment opportunities for the villagers and will also be one of the ways to increase the employment opportunities. the area, through the presence of the agency in the area.
This village is about 30 km from Tura town.
Mawkynrew MLA Remington Pyngrope sent 47 votes, Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar 37 votes, Raksamkre MLA Limison D. Sangma 34 votes, Pynursla MLA Prestone Tynsong 20 votes. Minister of Urban Affairs and Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh 15, Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek 7, South Shillong MLA Sanbor Shullai 3, former War Jaintia MLA RL Tariang 29, former Nongpung MLA BJP Vice President JA Lyngdoh 6, former Speaker Charles Pyngrope 3, former Nongshken MLA Donkupar Massar 2, JHADC MDC Moonlight Pariat 11, former Nongkrem MLA Lambor Malngiang 4, Mr. F. War, advisor to Mr. DD Lapang
In many cases of conflict and insecurity we point fingers only at politicians.
The party's failure to win many votes in the elections has surprised many election experts.
The petition was also handed over today under the leadership of Bah Roipar Raswai, President and General Secretary.
It is only this phylla soi, the RS of Lumshnong who holds his power in his right hand.
It cannot be denied that the MDA government has been accused from urban to rural areas of illegal coal mining.
On the other hand, Bah Titosstawel Chyne said that as the government has not sent a notice to recognize synsar, sla tyrpad and sohmarit as agricultural products, the KHADC has closed the gates in October and The KHADC has fixed the price of Transit Pass (TP) at 36 naia per 1 kilo as in previous years.
They can shoot me at any time, but I still have witnesses to these terrible crimes and if I release them publicly the whole police department will collapse,” he said. The district court has approved these letters of complaint.
Emboklang Jat won the first Badminton Tournament of Wahiajer Sports Club which came to an end on Monday.
He said that the payment of T.1,300 crore within two months has put MeECL in a big trouble and in fact it should have given more time, but it has not happened. The reason why the government has decided to pay the entire amount through the Atmanirbhar Loan.
The seized coal will be auctioned by the government and all the proceeds will go to the government budget.
Section 47: “ (1) No court shall take cognizance of any offense punishable under this Act, save on a complaint made by the Authority or any officer or person authorized by it.
He said that during the investigation, it was found that a village elder named Wolling Lamurong was involved and he confessed because he was close friends with Sniawbhalang Dhar and F War Chairman JMB. bread slowly shipor in your place.
That thinking is one that has good intentions for the members who share the same thinking for the good of the group and the happiness of the families and individuals who are members. in that same organization or synjuk.
Shillong: MeECL, has to pay T.74.65 crore to PGCIL, for its electricity supply and at present, MeECL, does not have the funds to pay this amount, due to the severe shortage of funds. you corporation.
After this day, the tournament will start, other games for three zones; Tura (Chandmari Ground), Mawkyrwat (MDSA Ground) and Shillong (Third Ground, Polo) will start on Saturday.
According to the parties, 10 VPP candidates have registered their nomination papers, including the party's Chief Leader, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit from Nongkrem, Bah Adelbert Nongrum from North. Shillong, Raja Jyrwa of West Shillong, Heaving Stone Kharpran of Mawryngkneng, Doristar Marbaniang of Mawphlang, Brighstar Marbaniang of Mawlai, Manbhalang Thabah of Pynursla, Winstone Tony Lyngdoh of Nongthymmai, Avener Pariat of East Shillong and Danny From South Shillong, nine candidates from the NPP have been nominated, including Prestone Tynsong from Pynursla, Samlin Malngiang from Sohiong, Kansing Lyngsiang from Mawkynrew, Teibor Pathaw from Mawlai and Kennedy. Khyriem of Mawphlang, Ransom Sutnga of North Shillong, Alvin Sawkmie of Mawsynram and Grace Mary Kharpuri of Shella constituency.
The Dolloi are also only servants of the JHADC to assist the council in resolving disputes on the boundary or land of the residents in different elaka.
Thomas, who has just been elected as Lamphang, said that as of now, the political parties in the Opposition have not sent any letter in this regard.
They didn't even have to stay for a few hours to show that they were in Shillong.
The leaders and members of KSU Mawtynrong Unit are Khlaiñbor L Nonglait President, Drewlantis Ïawphnyaw Vice President, Messwell Lyngkhoi General Secretary, Esraborwell Kharrit Finance and others.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Nongstoiñ area from children, youth to parents have come out today to take part in the rally, which was organized by the The Confederation of Meghalaya (CoMSO) West Khasi Hills District, as a sign of strong opposition to the CAB which has now become the CAA and to demand the implementation of the ILP in the State.
The Minister said that no complaint has been received so far and to curb this illegal activity, the cooperation of the villages is needed to monitor and lodge a complaint with the police.
Several civilians and KSU members were injured in the clashes.
Please like and share this video on Canvas.
He said that out of the two petrol bombs, only one of them exploded and set fire to the two wheels on the right side of the Scorpio. .
“It is an incident and an insult that cannot be described,” said Bah Nehemaia, who is also a villager from the area.
“Every member should respect the privacy of the house and I want there to be order and I don't have any feelings for Rahulji.
" He also highlighted the multiple issues of the constituency that include education, employment, health, social welfare and others.
Sohan said that Garo Hills, in the last 40 years, has been backward for a long time and this is not because of illegal activities, but because of the exploitation of the people's leaders. only yourself.
The High Court's statement came after the state government submitted a report showing that it has taken some measures or measures that it will take to reduce traffic jam in Shillong.
Members of the Village Court of Amwi Elaka, Officers of JHADC and Police were present to witness the election.
Davidson Lyngdoh from Mawkyrwat Women's Church, Edward Kharthangmaw from James Memorial HSS Umbir, Fanny Grossly Lyngdoh from Anderson HSS Upper Nongstoin, Goldstar I am Stenton of the Govt.
There is no judicial inquiry and no surprise.
The Seng has long wanted to see the government take action to curb and prevent the illegal entry and exit of foreigners and mynder into these Ri Lum Khasi, in various ways. .
The union also demanded the provision of equipment as many of the schools in the district have not received the equipment according to their needs.
The students were also informed on how to collect the closing account by computer and on the measures to protect the rice from the insects.
The app has been piloted in Umlong Block in Ri Bhoi District and the money due has been released to the ASHA workers through this app within 5 days from the date of release of salary.
His miracles and teachings revealed the foundations of God's Kingdom.
The arrested two persons were identified as Biswajit Paul and Marmush Marak, both residents of South West Khasi Hills District. of the state of Meghalaya.
This is the second time for Anil and Renner to meet in the film industry and they have also starred in Tom Cruise's Mission: Impossible Ghost Protoco.
In his explanation, Bah SR Kharkongngor, District Child Protection Unit, South West Khasi Hills District, said that the Juvenile Justice Act, 2015 contains two provisions: and the Child in Conflict with Law which came into force on 15th July, 2016 and will replace the Juvenile Justice Act,
$15,000 ITF women, Monastir, Tunisia: Singles (first round): Agostina Breval (Fra) over Ishwari Matere 7-6(5), 6-1; Vanessa Teiusanu (Rou) defeated Ashmita Easwaramurthi 6-2, 6-3
“Yes, there are some things we haven't done.
This statement was issued by the Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamletson Dohling, one of the leaders of the PDF and one of the Ministers of the MDA government. PDF welcomes the HNLC's desire for peace talks. “For me alone, I feel very happy that the HNLC will come to talk peace with the government because this will bring peace. he added.
“It is the goal of the government to bring government offices closer to the people and for this reason we plan to open more blocks and Civil Sub Divisions. the public will be comfortable in dealing with government offices.
Tar objects are those inanimate objects in which man lives and uses.
Speaking to reporters on Friday, SK Yadav said the Regional Office has not yet received any complaint on this.
When the union tried to investigate the foreign traders who were arrested from the vehicle, it was found that they did not have any proper documents.
The inspection came after the village leaders and VDPs had put up posters on all the shops in the village. They also warned that if they violate, they will be fined up to T.1 lakh and imprisoned for 7 years. According to Section 77 of the Juvenile Justice Act, the Government of India.
Joshua filed his nomination papers as the BJP candidate at the office of SDO (Civil) Sohra L Kynjing, accompanied by MLA Sanbor Shullai and other party leaders.
I feel that the government should address this because it does not affect the poor,” said the Congress MLA from Gambegre.
Anju Turambekar, Head of Grassroots, was also present on the occasion.
Those who attended the ceremony included Bah Lumlang Lamarai, Rangbah Shnong Nongthymmai Kyrdem, Bah Cornelius Laloo, Samla Rangbah of the village, parents and many others.
For example, if we take a small estimate of the number of poor and job seeking youth, they have reached lakhs of tens of thousands of jobs for one or two jobs and if we take 1000 tyngka for one job, work, you get collect not form the office book to billions.
Because the residents of these villages do not recognize the Agriculture department, the offices of the government departments in relation to agriculture.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the order was issued after receiving information that some Fair Price Shop Centers have not complied with the rules and regulations under the NFSA 2013 or the order for the distribution of Khaw and Dai under the PMGKAY Scheme and also the directives issued by the Department of Health and Family Welfare.
Whom shall I blame? The Government is ready to launch the Chief Minister's Solar Mission to strengthen the use of solar power.
The Kamai Jakpoh is no longer limited to the Rep ka Riang, there are also many traders.
“This has benefited the central government,” said Zenith Sangma.
Prestone was the chief guest while Nongpoh MLA and Parliamentary Secretary Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh (Dr. Bom) was the chief guest. Lamphrang Blah, Acting Sordar Edward Kurbah and other leaders of the Seng Khasi were also present on the occasion.
Shillong: Abhishek Kumar beat Arunachal Pradesh by 180 runs in the fourth and final day of the U-23 Men's T20 tournament. Trophy at MCA Stadium. With 5/41 wickets in the first innings and 6/57 in the second innings, the bowler scored 11/98 in the first innings.
Regarding the District Task Force, the KSU expresses its regret over the lack of attention and delay of the authorities in implementing the District Task Force, although it has been announced since 2016, according to clause
“It is the duty of every citizen to come out and protest against the BSF camps in Riwar because if we listen we will be shot. “We are witnessing the violence across the North East,” he said.
He said that the NGT has allowed Coal India Ltd to auction 2 lakh metric tonnes of coal from 32 lakh metric tonnes in the past months but this has been suspended due to the lack of coal. Lockdown has been imposed across the country.
Shillong, March 11: Out of the 29 constituencies of the KHADC, the Nongpoh MDC led by the UDP MDC Rona Khymdeit has received the highest number of votes. Nongpoh constituency has received more than T.3 crore or T.3,13,47,000 (Three crore three hundred and forty-nine thousand). Mawprem constituency is the smallest and has received only T.42,00,000 lakh.
It will fill sulfur deficiency in soils in the country.
Furthermore, Bah Renikton said that he will take action to ensure that before the end of this year, the water shortage in Mawprem will be completely eliminated.
Tyrsad, March 02: The women of Tyrsad-Umkseh under the banner of the Sarajanai Village Organization (SHG's) have celebrated the 10th Anniversary of the V.O., on the 1st of March, The celebration was held at the Seng Khasi Secondary School, Tyrsad-Umkseh.
Tripura Governor Indra Sena Reddy Nallu has urged everyone to join hands in the fight against drug-related crimes in the state.
In the final, Lumtrom-B beat Lumtrom-A 4-3 in a tie breaker after the scheduled match ended in a 1-1 draw.
Jowai, July 24: The Executive Committee of the Kur Phawa-Siangshai, Seng Kmie, is pleased to inform all the members of the Kur, from the Chairman, Secretary and Office Bearers of the Kur in the villages. The 8th Kurbar Dorbar, on 27-01-2024, at 10:00AM, at the Lyngdoh Phawa Kur, the Phawa and Siangshai Kur Sin, will be held at the village. Mutong, East Jaintia Hills District, as usual every year.
When they got the lyrics they also needed to get the melody so they created a way to get the melody for this song, while they were trying to find the melody for This song was somehow heard by the Welsh Missionaries singing and singing their patriotic song.
Langsning's no, 10 didn't stop to score the second goal, when Kitboklang took the ball into the middle of the field in the 79th minute, sent the goalkeeper outside the goal and passed. Nelson's right-footed ball to score.
From the above, it was seen that only Samlin Malngiang among the government ministers could win their candidate. Other government ministers including Prestone Tynsong, Metbah Lyngdoh, Banteidor Lyngdoh, Hamlet Dohling could not win their candidates.
Group B includes Gujarat, Karnataka, Odisha and Manipur.
In Mt.27:52,53 it is written, “...and the graves were opened; and many bodies of the saints which slept arose, and came out of the graves. went to the holy city.
Brian D Kharpran Daly is the General Secretary of the Meghalaya Adventurers' Association.
But what if there are people who don't understand?
She said the state needs a strong and courageous MP to speak for the state.
Nongstoin, July 31: The Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) today announced that it has conducted a talent identification or sports testing in Nongstoin. the list of children selected for sports training.
The meeting was conducted by Rev.K.Dkhar, Chairman of the Socio Economic and Life Development Committee.
He said that the High Court has now implemented a system to serve as an example for other states of the country, in which independent agencies will look into the work of the High Court. to identify errors and omissions in the reports shall be made public to those who wish to view them.
In his report, Justice Katakey urged the government to take an immediate decision on the show cause notice and punish those involved.
About 10 villages including Lama, Borkhat, Kwator, Natbor, Demlakang, Pdengwahkhyriam and other villages in the area have expressed their concern over the failure of the network. every time it causes trouble to the people.
“Therefore, we have urged them to close all the revenue collection gates immediately and the District Councils have agreed,” he said.
Doctors For You is a voluntary group which has supported 100 TB patients in East Khasi Hills District with food items.
The NGT issued the order after hearing a complaint by environmental lawyer Naba Bhattacharjee on the threat of pollution of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers on Friday.
He said that in the past few days, the party has also conducted a selection of youth to be trained for the Civil Service Examination in India and the reason why the party has taken this step is that Years have passed but our state still has a shortage of IAS, IPS, IFS and others.
Three persons were arrested inside the truck and they were identified as Rupchan Ali, Sahep Ali both from Assam and Mahmud Marak from 15 Mer Byrnihat. to Sonapur, Assam.
This inspection was conducted after receiving a complaint from the residents of the area that there is no doctor especially during the night accidents.
Speaking on the occasion, Thaiang said that besides the relocation of the Police Out Post from Barato to Mukroh, Thaiang said that there is a need for a Separate Gader from Assam so that the Meghalaya Police can have full powers. Like the police in Mizoram and only once they have their own cadre, the police of Meghalaya will have their own powers to protect the border.
He said that the Khasi Jaintia population is only about 20 lakh.
In the second half, Dajiedlang Wanshnong opened the scoring for Meghalaya and scored a hat-trick before Gurung scored 10 goals for Sikkim. that bag seat.
“We have sent a letter to all the governors of the state to the president but the government has not listened,” he said.
He said that at the time of the incident, people were sitting in their homes and some were charging mobile phones, watching TV, opening computers, tanning. you don't have a motorcycle.
Lyngdoh said the model code of conduct will come into force after the elections are announced on the 5th of next month.
Besides, the school children from this village face many difficulties during the rainy season, because they have to work through a stream which flows through the rice fields and if it is during the rainy season, the water is very high. .
The book was written and published by Amabel Susngi, a famous singer and teacher at Hill Crest Higher Secondary School.
He left us and became a very old man.
In the invitation football, the quarter final will be played between Nangbah Iawmusiang and Sailung Ialong at 2pm.
The AHACF demands that the State Government should visit about 20 villages near the Umïam Dam and the affected villages during the release of water from the Dam. They said that if the dam suddenly collapses, the government will have to think in advance how to create the means to rebuild the dam at Umïam.
“...Oh man of God, there is death in the grave.
Howbeit we know this man whence he is: but when Christ cometh, no man knoweth whence he is. (and the Jews' own opinion was that he would come down directly from heaven.
RM Kurbah has been appointed as Secretary, Fisheries, Water Resources, AH and Veterinary Department and Director of Community and Rural Development (C&RD).
The South Korean government's fundraising is to encourage couples to have more children.
He has put under doubt that he will be a fighter from the opposition.
Dr. LR Bishnoi, IPS, while speaking as the chief guest, said that the use of drugs has affected the country as a whole as many people have died due to drug abuse.
However, if these five MLAs and MPs remain determined to continue in the Congress party, the Congress still has hope in some constituencies in the country. all over the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has decided to take action against the attacks on doctors across the country, despite the fact that doctors are the frontline soldiers in the fight against the corona virus.
Through this goal, the team was encouraged to play without allowing Langsning to score.
Nongpoh: The Pahamsyiem Inter-Dong Football League 2020-21, organized by the Pahamsyiem Sports and Cultural Club (PSCC), has won the title of the 2020-2 They beat Dong Mawkapiah 2-1 in the final match which was played on Saturday at Pahamsyiem Stadium.
Stressing that the NPP as the Government has put forward the needs of the people to work with the spirit of solidarity, he said, “As the Government, we have called for talks with various groups to resolve the issue. We don't use our power to solve our problems”.
The PWD Minister said the army has also expressed its readiness to provide land for the construction of the road after talks with the NHIDCL officials.
I don't know how they pray while sitting on the bench in the church and at the end of the day they pray before leaving.
(It will mark the beginning of the new phase of accelerated progress towards the sustainable Developmental goal,with high level political guidance on transformative and accelerated actions leading up to 2030).
The half marathon in Guwahati was organized by the Indian Army in collaboration with the Assam government.
He said that the award does not mean only to give money or moment but it will be an encouragement to them to fight better in the future.
Speakers on the occasion included Bah Ailad Shadap, Advisor of JAC Bhoirymbong, Bah Marcus Marten, President of Auto Rickshaw, Bah Pateng Marsing, President of HANM Ri Bhoi; Bines Makri, Chairman of the JAC Ri Bhoi District and included Bah Marbud Dkhar and Wandonbok Jyrwa, Chairman of the JAC.
Nongpoh: Many people have been forced to catch fish in the Umtrew River in Byrnihat today. There are many fish and other species of fish inside the river.
“Commercial vehicles should carry passengers according to the capacity and those who carry more than that will be punished according to the law,” he said.
One is that it may bring peace and prosperity for the people of both J&K and Ladakh, and the other is that it may bring unrest and violence because of the that these two Articles have been repealed.
Auspicious said that the government has not implemented many things in the state from the working methods to develop farmers, day laborers, commercial vehicle drivers and said that up to 39,000 youths have been counted. They are unemployed and the government has not implemented measures to help the youth in the field of sports and others.
All three finals were held on Thursday at the SAI, STC and NEHU grounds. In the Under-14 match, HK Singh Secondary School defeated KB Memorial Secondary School East. Jaintia Hills District won the tie breaker 4-1
The problem at this time is mainly due to the high price of food items.
The KSU is deeply saddened by the destruction and involvement of the youth in many alcoholic beverages especially drugs, and calls upon all the residents of this area who are concerned and responsibility to the society in relation to this issue which has affected many families to come and join hands so that we can eradicate evil deeds and have a happy future and “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Alan Laloo, Publicity Secretary.
The song was sung by Khasi singers, including Mechanki Dkhar, Balasiewdor Ryntathiang and Wansakaru War. The song was performed by Arman Disiar and Sagie Lyngdoh. .
The final of the tournament is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, June 19,
RC Eve Sec School will play against Seiñraij H/S School at 11.00 pm.
“It has been four months since the government took any action to implement the action plan decided by the NGT. factory Coke".
(Nehemiah prays before answering the king).
Many of us experience sadness, loneliness, and depression at times in life.
India exported 110 lakh tonnes of sugarcane in the sugarcane season (Nov-Oct) 2021-22, which made India rank second in global sugar exports.
In Meghalaya, the struggle of the indigenous parties has led to other foreign parties like the Congress and the NPP to come to power in the past decade.
The initiative of the Shillong Traffic Police to educate and explain to the drivers about the Zebra Crossing in the first place will help the people to cross the road safely without any fear.
“I would like to urge the filmmakers from this state and other states as well to make some films on politics because there is a great need to change this sector,” she said. The three-day Kelvin Cinema Hall Festival will be held in Shillong from 9-11th of this month.
Conrad was on his way to campaign for the NPP MLA candidate in Longding on the 19th of this month, which falls on the same day as the NPP MLA election. Lok Sabha elections.
Prestone said the government has withdrawn the allocation of T.15 crore for the construction of the entry point at Umling, Ri Bhoi District, because it takes time to complete it soon. due to geographical reasons, so the government has removed this.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma on 22nd June 2013, has met and discussed with a group of leading kayakers/canoeists from the state who will represent India in the major international competitions. world.
The Chief Minister said that members of political parties including the BJP in the MDA Government have discussed many issues and regarding the BJP's allegation of corruption in the districts. The Council, however, accepted that this was an unfounded allegation.
The use of Aadhaar has ensured that benefits reach those who deserve them without any delay.
“As of now, the people of Sohiong have not accepted the NPP. The NPP will not get any candidates, it will get only from the HSPDP but the HSPDP has also nominated a candidate and as it is now in Sohiong constituency, the “The people have not accepted the NPP,” said Sandondor.
Regarding the syrnod, these four organizations have expressed their deep sorrow to see that there are Rangbah Shnongs, who used to arrest foreigners, by confirming them through the syrnod, therefore, these four organizations, feel that if there are such Rangbah Shnongs, it will put a threat to the villages and on this basis, they have demanded from the Hima Mylliem and The District Council should remove Bah SA Kylla as the Rangbah Shnong of Patarim.
In the Under-16 Boys category, Lastly Suchiang of Sutnga Presbyterian Higher Secondary School and Lamsuk Phawa of San Shnong Secondary School won the best athlete category. Secondary School won the best athlete award in the Under-18 category. San Shnong Secondary School won the best discipline team award.
The Seng Ki Samla Pule, which is responsible for the welfare of the area, demands that the state government through the education department should take immediate action to appoint other teachers in the place of the teachers. the government.
Rakkam said he has also spoken to other headmasters of schools in the state and these schools have requested a written statement on this issue and after that the government will look into the matter. “By tomorrow or next month all the heads of all educational institutions will give us the issues and problems regarding the implementation of the NEP and “After that, the government will consider and decide on this,” said Rakkam. When asked about the difficulties in implementing the NEP, 2020, Rakkam said that the policy is broad and more complicated. The aim is to improve the quality of education in the education sector throughout the state and the country as a whole according to the current era.
When they arrived there, they brought the news that nothing had been found, which immediately upset Rida and her mother.
Explaining the Resolution, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that what the government has introduced in 2021 through the amendment is to allow the Lokayukta to function. Chairman and other members to act, even if all the members are not present, unlike the 2014 Act, which requires that all the members are present.
Speaking on the occasion, Kongsan Kong GM Kharpuri, said that cleanliness should start from the home, cleanliness leads to health and a sign of dignity even if you are poor or wear clean clothes. jot ba pei ruh, when they are clean, they are beautiful to look at.
Speaking on the issues of the party, u Bah KP Pangniang said, “To improve, improve and protect the party, he said that we have not had MPs from the Riewlum party for 46 years. Therefore, hopefully this time we will see another MP Robertjune Kharjahrin through the unity between the two Riewlum parties.
Ltd said that after lodging an FIR, the two men were arrested on the 12th of this month and police are investigating the incident.
They shall not inherit eternal life, but the wrath of God remains on them.
Regarding the increase in electricity bill, the union said that it has received many complaints from the residents and has also visited various areas and found that the increase in electricity bill is not only in some areas. However, it has been almost all over the state, so after a thorough investigation, it will send a complaint to the authorities of the department to take immediate action.
Leader of the Opposition Manstudy Nongrem, who is also the MDC of Langrin constituency, while taking part in the NC, said that the first no confidence motion he has to express in the House is the character. of the CEM and this is the manner of his behavior in the House.
“If you ask the RTI about the visit of the Minister, you will see that Cooming has never been in the office of Dr. Mukul Sangma. and from Kolkata to Shillong, then you will see his visits only to Kolkata, what is in Kolkata, who is waiting for him in Kolkata, if I as the head of state I will not take responsibility for this state “It's not like I'm going to be able to do it,” said Dr. Mukul.
b) The village chief of the village where MP BJP Rajyasabha RK Sinha has been born for 5 years has not danced anymore but PUJA. to the son.
Children who lack love are more depressed and adults grow up in mental illness and this destroys their feelings such as lack of faith when thinking, doubts their minds and degrades their own behavior. thought.
After the semi final on Saturday, she went to the Baichung Bhutia Football School (BBFS).
The road is the source of income and comfort for the residents and commuters.
Nongsiej said that another problem faced by the residents is the issuance of bills by the employees in the MECL Nongstoiñ Division office. bording by burning only one bulb with zero power.
However, Mawlai managed to turn the tide at the end of the first half through a free-kick from Baiarkynti Mylliemngap (33').
Videos that have been circulating show that at such a time, there was a sound of gunfire and automatic gunfire.
When he came and when I saw how he worked, it really made me happy.
Speaking to media, R.Labourstarwell Nongrum said that in the past years, there has been a protest against the management of the CHC in Ichamati. Birth Certificates to foreigners residing in these areas to verify that they are residents of these areas and to register to vote.
Abhishek Anand Counselor Kripa Foundation, Nongsder Ri-Bhoi District said that he himself has been involved in drug abuse and now he has changed his life and works for the Kripa Foundation. 5 years.
According to the union leaders, the union found it after visiting various offices in Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division.
Dr Pakyntein was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Khasi Pnar Exhibition and Prayer organized by MASCOM with the support of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya.
NEP 2020 paves the way for advancement and grooming our youth for that responsibility, preparing them for emerging jobs.
In this regard, she said that the traditional food should be saved through the cooperation from the government authorities to the farmers.
The OM dated 10th May 2022 'Clause F' has replaced the provision of OM No.PER 272/72/5, 18th Dec.
Speaking at a meeting in Imphal, Manipur Forest Minister Th Biswajit said that the remaining firearms will be handed over to the Forest Security Forces. when they have completed their physical training.
The meeting was attended by P. Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary, C&RD Department, Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Khurshid Ahmad, Secretary, Government of Jammu & Kashmir and Project Director, DRDA. , East Khasi Hills District, Mr. P.L.Lawai.
The stolen items included 3,000 bolts and nuts, 47 silver plates, 120 rounds, 222 rounds of wheels and the total value of them has reached T. 1,88,17,808/- were stolen from the company's warehouse.
Tynsong said the MRSSAB is different from the Inner Line Permit.
Therefore, to avoid the traffic jam to reach the new Secretariat, these new roads have been constructed.
There were also others, who said that the authority of the Chairman of the VEC has been excessive, because there has been a case where the village has been able to implement a road in the village. , but in connection with the construction of this road, there have been up to 45 Job card holders who have been rejected and unemployed.
However, what is surprising is that many of the bills of the people who should have received food, vehicles and accommodation for the health workers have not been paid yet,” said the government officials.
Zechariah 12:10–11.
In the first half, GB were able to improve their playing style with the ability to play chess which strengthened the Indian chess players.
Furthermore, the statement said that these three persons used to take money and pledge with forged dulir or pata and in connection with this fraudulent activity, dozens of persons were arrested. Two people have been injured in this accident and have been deceived by these three persons.
He said he is saddened to see that the police force is being criticized even though they are working hard in their duties and have put their own family first just to serve the police. country.
These satellites will help provide information to the relevant agencies on weather conditions, natural disasters and other areas that can help and protect the environment. .
The CCL has many road projects in Garo Hills, including the implementation of German education schemes, the report said.
“This scheme will be a blessing to the residents who are facing many problems due to the lack of drinking water and have to spend money to buy it,” he said.
He grew up like other children until he completed his B.Com.
“A new appointment should be made for Garo Hills and those who have been selected, instead of being removed, should be appointed in their own areas/districts where they can speak the language. straight.
In the celebration, 11 rots from different Kmairaij or villages were brought to Aitnar, which is the closing ceremony of Behdeinkhlam, on which various inscriptions were written. condemnation of the discrimination against women and children by Chiliangraij, the pollution of the environment through the dewbilat factories, by the Lad Nartiang Ladthalaboh, AIDS and drug abuse. They were brought by Umshangiar Village and others.
The President of the party, Samla Davis Marboh gave the welcome speech and the President of the party, Bah Felix Kharshiing conducted the programme.
MDA government spokesperson Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Thursday said that preparations are underway for the evacuation of students from Sikkim after the floods.
Mawmaram residents on the night of the 3rd of this month have arrested a robber named Jansing Rani on suspicion of attempting to rape a child. on that day.
Why are you afraid of corona? There is no one stronger, more powerful and more triumphant than corona.
Section 144 CrPC has been enacted in all parts of the state.
Shillong: The Executive Committee (EC) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has increased the land fee from T.10/- to T.200/-.
At the same time, through this Modi App, youth as well as the public can send or send any suggestions or requests regarding the programs of the CM to the Prime Minister through this App. with your mobile.
Through the objectives of this goal, many steps have been taken to develop the state, such as the establishment of universities, the opening of many colleges and the improvement of many old schools.
Then they said, 'When we give the jaid to the rangbah, where else shall we go?'
In Meghalaya, there have never been such bloodshed for political reasons, nor have we seen the streets and roads covered with various paintings as this time. The AITC is the head of the IPAC. In the past few days, a friend has sent me a letter and a picture of the Prime Minister and his wife. which has been used and abused by these groups on social media.
The illegal toll gate of the SNSMA is located in Maweit and no one has been authorized to collect the trucks passing through the road. the truck driver.
India: Ka California headquartered [24]7.
Explaining about the illegal coal carrying trucks, which have violated the rules of NGT, to pass through Ri Bhoi, Bah C.Syrti, said that as the Chief of Police in the District , has taken action to seize illegal coal trucks, in many cases such trucks have been arrested, but there are other cases where the trucks have escaped theft.
“We are not partial to anyone but we want our own state because we are different in culture from our fellow Khasi and Jaintia Hills,” said Marak.
Khublei Bahdeng, go in peace and rest in peace, until we meet again to continue the rest of the parts.
The purpose of the program is to plant soh trees along the highway as part of the beautification of the road especially for the passengers and on this day up to 7,000 soh trees were planted.
East Khasi Hills has 238 cases and West Khasi Hills has 80 cases.
He said that the family members of this former leader of our country have done what is right to appeal to the court because only the court can order the government to take action on this shooting death of u old leader of the party" concluded the party leader.
Those who witnessed the 10th Anniversary of the RBTEDF were the chief guests, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, along with Bah Jason S. Umsning MLA Macdalyne S Mawlong, Umsning MDC, B Nongkynrih District Tourist Officer, RBT&EDF Chairman Plielad Tiewsoh and many others.
If anyone wants to verify, they can contact the leaders of the two parties.
Replying to a question, Prestone said; “I will convene another meeting on this issue and will discuss at the highest levels the need to introduce fire safety policy and SOPs especially in urban areas as it is urgent.
Furthermore, we have seen that the legislators are in the hands of the law because they do not protect children.
He said that the completion of the Behdeinkhlam festival is one of the parts of the fight against diseases, corruption, drug abuse among the youth of the future, violence against them. women and children and will bring about the well-being, development of the family, the community and the country as a whole.
On Friday, CSA United will play against Wahiajer FC at 2.00 pm.
And he smiled.
Commenting on the BJP government's scheme, Salman said, “Until now, 100 acres of water, 10 inches of soil and one city in India has not been cleaned from this scheme of the central government”.
The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Party (VPP) has slammed the MDA-2 government for appointing Chairman and Adviser to the people who lost the elections. The state is in the midst of a financial crisis.
She said that the purpose of the order is to reduce crime and she hopes that the situation around Shillong will improve.
According to information received, the I-PAC has hundreds of employees in Meghalaya who enter the remote areas of the state or enter many constituencies to seek more information. from economic development, implementation of schemes and to consult with leaders who can provide advice or information on the political situation in the state.
“When you brother set a good example and obedience, your brothers will be ashamed and afraid.
(now Meghalaya) This order was issued on 11th May, 1957 and these two District Councils completed this joint survey on 17th – 23rd February 1958 and submitted reports, names of villages, land maps. who should not be re-transferred to Meghalaya.
Christians in these days, Spirituality has declined; Many Christians are hypocrites, They don't count the blood of sin.
Therefore, to ensure peace and order among the people and to protect the lands of the people and the powers given under section 144 Cr.
It is learned that this lehñiam of the Raij has been held since ancient times in front of the Syiem's ​​palace. according to the custom taught by the ancestors before the 'Soo Sngi Le yicaw' of the Chad festival of Behdeiñkhlam.
In a statement sent by Bah Mathias Mynsong, General Secretary of the MCPC, he said that the MCPC is the party that looks after the welfare of the people of Mawhati Constituency. They have decided to support the candidate from Mawhati, but they have not yet announced it publicly, because they want the support of all the leaders and supporters of the MCPC. He said that any candidate who receives the support of the MCPC should reach the goal of victory from Mawhati Constituency in the Legislative Assembly elections to be held next year.
Congratulating the village leaders, women's groups and youth who have visited their villages to collect the census of the families in need of assistance without partiality, he said, “I have take a decision to allocate cash donations so that although it is small, it will be of benefit to the families".
However, Amit Shah did not believe or did not respond to the voice of the MDA government.
Sadly, this incident also claimed the lives of two people while they were on their way to Shillong for their needs.
The international finals of the prestigious tournament will be held from 24th November to 4th November.
According to the letter, the continued damage to the Wah Myntdu by the dumping of garbage will continue even after the NGT has issued the ban order. and they did not obey the law.
Lop Stevenson's claim that some of them have 30 households supporting them, the EC wants to clarify that Bakur Village has more than 300 households and all of them support the the Rangbah Shnong and the entire EC.
The program was held for three days on the 13th, 14th and 15th of September at Kiang Nangbah Secondary School, Mukhla Umlangshor, Tipsngi UP School, Nartiang and Thadmuthlong. Pasyih UP School and Framer.
Meanwhile, his family members and wife have requested for a post mortem, as they do not suspect anything wrong and his wife said that her husband has They sent a request to the ADM Nongpoh and later, Bah Eric ADM Nongpoh has already sent an order for the post mortem of the body. handed over to the bride for the last honorable completion.
Police said that the girl used the website RentAHitman.com without thinking that the website would be a threat to her. The website has informed Storm Lake Police that there is no attempt to take the life of the 7-year-old child in the area.
Tharoor met Sonia Gandhi after she returned from treatment abroad and received her approval to contest the election.
The debates must be well-founded and benefit the people who have already elected them otherwise there is no point in just widening the seat.
Besides, the Minister also informed that in Byrnihat, there are some concerns that have arisen and the State Government is in talks with various groups.
Only Abhay Kumar Rai (19 runs off 27 balls) and Praveen Katty (18 runs off 22 balls) managed to score.
About 6 schools participated in the March Past and about 8 departments participated in the Tableau competition.
“While we are looking forward to playing well in this 3rd North East Games, it is also an opportunity for us to continue to train ourselves through these matches in preparation to reach the goal.
Those who have been cut off from electricity because they have not paid their electricity bill and have stolen electricity, if caught will have to pay not only the fine, but also the electricity bill if they want to get electricity again.
She did the right thing she feltShe may feel no body deserves herI can't comment.
“There was nothing unplanned or political because I respect all my colleagues in the government.
If the NCERT is published suddenly, without consulting anyone, without giving time to the students, parents to buy new books because they have to break the old books and have to buy new books.
The Jeep was identified as Kharbudnah Jeep and was owned by a young man from Mawhati, Ri Bhoi District.
In 2010, HANM went to Block-1 to clear the mines of those who had been invaded by Assam and in 2012, HANM went to set fire to the Police Camp of Assam. The landslide occurred in Jirang area of ​​Ribhoi District.
Under the rules and regulations, couples who have been married since 5th March 2015 October, 2015 must submit an application (registration form at the cost of 10 tyngka which can be obtained from the office of Those who have been married should register from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of various districts and must submit passport size photographs within 60 days from the date of marriage.
He said that this Government is the most inefficient Government in the history of the State.
However, such kur meetings were called to get to know and recognize their kurs whether they live near or far.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District, on Thursday, urged the residents of the villages below the KHNAM to apply for tickets. Umiam River, Damsite, to be vigilant as MeECL can release water from the Umiam Dam at any time.
We should have surprised the people to stand up and fight quickly and quickly to get our own Hynniewtrep State.
I'll come too if you call ..." said Bahnah. "I'll call Bahnah ..." said Riia.
Jowai, March 19: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Friday at Jowai Stadium. Kiang Stadium, North Jowai.
“Of course, if we look back in the past, the people near this PHC and the people of Narpuh area, we have faced many problems especially in the field of health, because only for x ray and ultrasound we have to walk hundreds of kilometers to get it for health purposes. There are times when we have to ride from one station to another to get the necessary services. I feel that this day is a day of blessing for us, as the children of the village and “These machines will help the people to get information about the diseases in the body and to get treatment from the doctors,” said Kiba. Also present on the occasion were DM&HO, Dr D.Shylla, Managing Representative of Star Cement Company, Devander Bansal, Senior Manager Star Cement, Siddharth Banerjee. , residents of Lumshnong, health workers and others.
“The church has prepared seats for the devotees but it cannot be arranged for them all,” said Pastor Lamare.
Shillong: As it is true, many of the forms have a blank space for the public to indicate or fill in whether they are male or female. But this time the state government with a new arrangement has come up with three transgender places, one woman, one man and one unknown gender.
Shillong: The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi, has denied that there has been any kidnapping of GHADC MDC Boston R Marak.
Although some courts allow Hindi or other regional languages ​​to be spoken, it has been made clear that in the Supreme Court, English should not be spoken.
The four issues that the UDP will send to the central government include relations with the insurgents, corruption in the education department, corruption in the JHADC and the long-standing state assembly.
:A new Khasi song, titled “Shi Lynter ki Sngi”, is a song featuring Shining Khongsit and Saphira Kshiar.
When Mukul Sangma rejected the Mining Policy in 2012 and the ILP 2013, in 2018 we have to join hands with Conrad's NPP which has 21 members. 7 people, in collaboration with other friends.
The MPMC has confirmed its Committee on the 28th of this month at the Community Hall of Khliehriat West.
(6) MeECL knows that, for whatever reason, even the electronic device has not been allowed to order the public to choose only Secure.
When asked about former Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and other Meghalaya leaders who have left the Congress, Chatrath said, “When it comes to this state, the President of the PCC knows more. It is better to answer this question.
“We will not rush the border demarcation in the second phase as it is also the most difficult area to demarcate, but we will strive to demarcate it in a manner that will benefit the people living in the border areas especially according to the decision and the approval of the people living in the area,” said the two prime ministers.
“The police who took part in this incident should also take action, otherwise, the union will have to go to the higher authorities,” said a statement written in Khasi, sent by Kong Irene. Shillong, October 07: The Opposition Leader Dr Donkupar Roy on Tuesday said that the central and state governments have not taken action to provide mobile towers in the border areas. , has forced the border residents to use SIM cards from Bangladesh.
Hek also appealed to the people to be vigilant in the construction and improvement of the roads and paths in the village as there will be obstacles in the movement of the people. and the chariots.
After scoring this goal and taking the lead by 1 goal, Ryntih played hard to turn the tide and with a strong match they also got two golden opportunities. The ball was ready to go in but the ball was not with the Ryntih and the ball was shot out of the box. and the rangapdien of the MLP outside the country.
US President Donald Trump has announced that he will ban TikTok, a Chinese video app, across the United States.
Furthermore, ongoing research for Nano NPK, Nano Zinc, Nano Copper, Nano Boron, Nano Sulfur and others will lead to environmentally friendly agriculture in the future.
Rangbah RL Kharpran immediately spoke on the need to establish Seng Kurs in the Khasi Hills and to strengthen the longkur-longkha.
Rosita Sohkhlet, a student of BBS College, Shillong, has scored 75 marks in Nepali (Elective) subject.
A committee comprising Sengbhalang leaders and village leaders has set up a committee known as the Coordination Committee of International Border (CCIB). GH Kharshanlor is the spokesperson.
However, the surprising thing is why the BJP is still sticking to the NPP-led MDA Government when it has always pointed out that the MDA Government is corrupt.
This tyrkhong is a sign of a very bad sign.
The Juvenile Home at Mawdiangdiang has been allocated at a cost of T.2.79 crore and a tender will be called to start the work. The target is to complete the house within five years. .
Jowai, Jymmang 20: The Hynniewtrep PWD (HITO) on Thursday led by its President Samla Overfive Biam lodged a complaint at the office of the Executive Engineer (EE) Sub PWD at Shangpung. Division on the construction of the Mynsar Bridge connecting Umsalait to Iooksi.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District has declared a micro containment zone for the Star Cement factory after 39 people from the factory tested positive for COVID-1
Kishan Lyngdoh and Chirag Khurana played well on the day after Arunachal Pradesh won the toss and elected to bowl first.
Shillong: Dozens of Congress, NPP and BJP workers have joined the UDP to give their full support to the UDP candidate Shitlang Pale for the Sutnga Saipung constituency.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District, C Kharkongor today confirmed that the reports that there is a smuggling of uranium waste from the storage sites are false. After the Magistrate, they came to inspect the place.
So he travels throughout Tarsus and other cities to speak against the followers of Jesus Christ.
There are 60 constituencies in the three states.
In her speech, she said that the law prohibits the employment of children in heavy jobs that affect their health and this does not mean that children cannot. to help with household chores but prohibits employment in factories and other places.
It was also more on benefiting from the entrepreneurial organization and its core values.
Meanwhile, West Khasi Hills District has been left behind without a single one.
They include Lambor Malngiang of the UDP from Nongkrem, Bah Pynïaid Syiem of the NPP from Mawryngkneng and Bah Gigur Myrthong from Mawshynrut.
Those who wish to call for more information please call 9233401298.9
The vision and mission of Hindutva brought about the victory of the BJP as well as the threat of influx and the CAB brought about the victory of the Congress in Khasi Jaintia.
On the other hand, Latiplang Kharkongor, through a petition in the Meghalaya High Court, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the introduction of AR in the KHADC. Roy today to show their support and urged him to abolish the Administrator Rule in KHADC, and convene a special session to elect a CEM to restore the Khadar rule. beat.
In the first half, no goal was scored, one of which was due to the heavy rain which caused the ground to be flooded.
The KSU Shillong Mihngi Circle has said that it will continue to monitor the issues of the patients at the hospital until the hospital can provide full services.
Hek today said that there is no division within the BJP in Meghalaya, and he is ready to release Sanbor Shullai if the BJP in Delhi agrees to him. I am not a minister of the state.
ASHA workers from all over West Jaintia Hills District under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union on Tuesday held a rally in Jowai to demand that the state government should increase the salary of ASHA workers. their reward.
In the first leg, Mookyrdup beat Caroline Colony 1-0. In the second leg, Evergreen Mukhla beat Caroline Colony 1-0 Mynthong won 3-0
Jowai: The KSU Namdong Unit and FKJGP Thadlaskein Unit together with the Dorbar Shnong Namdong B last night arrested a foreigner who claimed to be a doctor. medicine and injection too.
The JHADCSA Staff Association (JHADCSA) which has been dissolved due to the excessive corruption of the MDCs, has been revived today. its new office bearer.
Guwahati: Twenty-two new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Assam today.
The school authorities informed him about the needs of the school in terms of fencing, to assist in the maintenance of the school and to contribute for the payment of salaries to the teachers. .
Photos and videos posted by some environmentalists on social media, which have also been sent to the media, show that this quarry is located near the Kshaid. and it was a wild place, with trees all around it.
“However, under the leadership of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, the Government of India has taken many steps in the last five years to bring peace and stability in the North East, to improve connectivity and to look after the development of this region," Shah said.
He said that the KHADC has also sent a letter to the Prime Minister to review the terms and conditions signed in the MoU and the government has not yet given any reply. , but it was learned in the media that the government has said that it cannot renegotiate the MoU. Bah Jambor said that the Border Committee appointed by the EC has met again with these san Hima on 18 and 22 June
Besides Alia, Tollywood actress Samantha Ruth Prabhu has also praised Deepika for her ability to announce Naatu Naatu at the Oscars. The announcer at the award ceremony was something that the citizens of India were very excited about.
In the fiscal year 2019-20, under the Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF-XXV), 31 projects worth T.269.97 crore have been allocated for the length of roads. 74 km.
Longkmie can also be given the opportunity to participate as members of the Executive Committee of the Village.
Therefore, we have to understand the role and responsibility of the MLAs and MPs. Yes, they have the MLA or MP Scheme, but it is not enough to build even half of the road.
She was ill at home for 2 or 3 days and died on the morning of the 10th before being taken to Nazareth Hospital.
(It's not surprising, the husband knows where he sleeps), Who is it? Manga, the father of the children.
There are three councils in Meghalaya, namely the KHADC, the JHADC and the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC).
Tuna Fish: These are yet another source of protein and can be eaten while you are trying to lose weight.
What are the benefits to the land owners and the area as a whole? When we clean up the coal mines that have been mined, this is not only a danger to humans or animals lest they fall into the large cutting pits, but it will also help to eradicate the damage. surface water.
In the past, people asked why they were on this earth, where they came from and where they were going.
Chairing the meeting, Bah Donald Thabah General Secretary of the KSU said that the need to build a memorial to the heroes of the KSU is that there is no other statue of the heroes of the KSU. In the state, you don't have to be a person in this state.
Shillong, June 4 : The State Government has appointed Bah Hamletson Dohling, former MLA of Mylliem, as the Advisor to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma with a salary of Category A+ since he assumed office. .
Even in the midst of the cold weather, people from all over the country came to witness the lights in Moolamylliang.
At the same time, Lamdame urged everyone not to believe in falsehoods and said that before being deceived they should find out the truth and requested that if anyone has any information. Please let us know about Dakermi Shadap through his Facebook Account.
The DC announced that those who wish to register for Aadhaar must identify themselves by bringing their certificates from MLAs/Government Officers.
The upcoming G20 2023 Summit will be a unique opportunity for India to demonstrate its commitment and leadership on issues of global importance.
TO Laloo and Rev. EC Suchiang from Mawprem Presbyterian Church, together with Bah ES Majaw of Ri Khasi Book Agency.
It is also prohibited to park vehicles along the NH-44E on both sides as it will cause traffic jam from 7 am to 1 pm.
They said that if necessary, they will not hesitate to hold various protests to ensure the impartial implementation of the Reservation Roster System.
Besides raising cattle, Forme also raises pigs and farms.
The AIM has also had to state that according to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare's leaflets, it has explained the new Corona Virus.
The production will be shown at the Cinema Hall if the audience still wants to watch the film.
Regarding Trump's remarks, those on Twitter, were shocked and showed a picture, in which Trump, speaking to a child, saying, "You've already drunk dettol. today?".
Captain Uttam Singh scored the first goal for the national team in the 10th minute and after a few seconds the team scored the first goal for the team. Boby Singh Dhami scored another goal in the 11th minute and Sharda Nand Tiwari scored the fourth goal for PC in the 11th minute. The team finished the first quarter with a 3-0 lead.
Shillong, November 29 : The Meghalaya BJP on Friday announced that it will lodge a complaint with the Election Commission of India against the promise of financial assistance by the All India Trinamool Congress to the women of the state. such as We Card.
“We have encouraged and tried to have an environment that will produce clean and sufficient electricity for our needs,” he said, adding that the plant in Tura will be the first in the state to become electricity. an example for other parts of the state.
These are the facts of life.
Nongthymmai have qualified for the SPL after finishing second in the First Division in
About 1.5 lakh households have received water tanks in their homes.
In Ri Bhoi District, cleanliness drives have been conducted in Umsning, West Khasi Hills, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
The JSU, JSM and HITO wish all the children of Seinraj Jowai a Happy Behdienkhlam.
Replying to a question by the MLA from Dikanchi Shira, Marak said the number of dropouts for the year 2017-18 is 12406 children.
Nongkhlieng FC played hard and in the 28th minute they scored the first goal through Rijensing Khongstia.
Speaking to reporters, Ardent Basaiawmoit President of the HSPDP said that the HSPDP has invited the people from all over Khasi Jaintia Hills to attend the meeting. as well as to clarify publicly the alliance between the HSPDP and the UDP in the 2018 MLA elections.
Shillong, June 03: A gypsy used by the Mawlai Police Station has been hit by a petrol bomb by unidentified robbers on the night of 3rd June 2024 at 2 pm.
After that, there was a discussion between the HITO leaders and the District Administration of Ri Bhoi, in which they allowed the HITO to leave 14mer and hold another meeting at Byrnihat.
Many of the other commercial vehicles have accused their fellow drivers of dozens of types of robbery.
The UDP also expressed its concern over the implementation of the online scholarship distribution, which the UDP said, has created problems, because the villagers, do not have internet at all and He said that the fees for the year 2014-15 have not been paid to the students, which is because the Government of India has not released the amount of T.34 crore.
There is a saying: As we sow, so shall we reap.
This was announced by the President of Forever Young, Michael N Syiem.
He announced that from this year under the MGMP, the government will promote and support drama, folklore and others that aim to showcase the richness of culture and traditions. and the culture of the state of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the leader of the Congress MLAs, Bah RV Lyngdoh, said that they will continue to meet again for this issue and that they have the majority to form a new government.
In the first semi final match between Mukhla FC and CSA United, Mukhla FC won the match by scoring two goals to become the first team to reach the final.
Nongstoiñ, November 29: U Bah Spingwell Marshra, former Sordar of Mawduh Village, is one of the hardworking farmers who has special knowledge in the field of agriculture.
West Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills will face each other in the semi-final of both the men's and women's teams at 1:30 pm while the men's team will play at 4 pm. pm in the evening.
During the inspection, Marak was surprised to find that the offices were empty and it seemed that the employees, including the Fishery Officer, had stopped working.
He said that he has lost about Rs 50,000 to Rs 60,000 because many of the jhur and jhep he wanted to sell have rotted in his fields.
She said that even her newborn son escaped from the stone throwing by the robbers and the robbers fled after the robbers. call someone for help.
The end will come “and the time is at hand” Revelation 1:3
Mishek said he doesn't worry about the responsibility of providing for his hundreds of children, but he admits that it is a great blessing to have a large house. .
The power outage is constant, until this news is published.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of Shillong has announced the closure of the house of Algino Sangot in Nongrimmaw Shillong and the house of Oklin Kharbhih, Phaitimai Kharbhih, Mitimai Kharbhih, Lilin Kharbhih, Bibiana Kharkrang. Koshon Sohlang and Jopkupar Kharbhih have been arrested in Lumsohriew, Mawphlang C&RD Block, due to the presence of corona virus cases in the area.
On the other hand, they congratulated the MLA and MDC from Nongpoh, who have taken seriously this issue, by going to meet the Prime Minister, for the demand for the Umden C&RD Block. Therefore, the Union of Village Leaders from the area, have supported this issue and have raised their demands, saying that the government should always implement the Umden C&RD Block.
S.K.NI sent a shot to Panah.
It will also be the first time to exchange information on entrepreneurship training for indigenous youth between the two countries.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, has appealed to the residents of the State to cooperate with the Village Authorities in order to protect the water bodies or catchment areas which may be lost due to the floods. it does not quarry stone, shyiap and other mining activities in order to prevent the depletion of water bodies in the state.
It will also assist those paradoh parasnam who intend to find a place to study or work or any other job in this city.
The Minister said that the government department under his jurisdiction is constantly trying to improve the services of doctors.
The special session was convened in accordance with Rule 22(1) of the AD Rule.
“At present, she is busy with election campaigns in Karnataka and will visit Hyderabad for a public meeting before leaving for Karnataka,” he said.
Justice Bela M. Trivedi, one of the three judges, although she supported the Reservation Policy, said at the same time, “It is time for After 75 years of India's independence, this special allocation should be reviewed for the benefit of all”.
He said the party will also open its Regional Office in Tura on the 21st of this month with the arrival of Ram Mahadev, General Secretary of the party in Tura in the presence of Meghalaya Chief Nalin Kohli and others.
:The new Khasi song, “Tiewlasubon”, sung by Amunick, will be released on the 10th of June
Once again, to strive not to lose his income, to improve his income and to have more opportunities to earn a living.
Shillong, Nailar 24: Leaders of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Shillong Circle today under the leadership of the President of the JSU, Rikut N.Parien, Prof.H Lamin and U.S. President and Vice President of NEHUSU, Prof. SK Srivastava at the Conference Hall of the Academic Block of the university.
The Sordar Shnat Raid Tynring has warned against the purchase of land in the villages without the knowledge of the Sordar Shnat Raid Tynring.
He said it is up to the district administration and the police department to take immediate action by removing these vendors so that it will be an example to others. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do that,” said Challam.
We are a small nation with a population of less than 10 million and we are surrounded by hundreds of millions of people.
Recently, the team from Jaipur has signed an agreement with the ACA to set up a training camp, which is now being held at the ACA Stadium.
He recalled that after the establishment of the SPV, the SPV has set up an Implementation Society to oversee the management of the funds so that the implementation will be smooth for the benefit of the people.
In this organization, I am the President of the Meghalaya Unit.
The Cell Broadcasr Alert System is a state-of-the-art technology that allows us to send the necessary information at the right time to protect against natural disasters to all mobile phones inside. recognized location, regardless of whether the recipients are residents of the area or visitors.
In another incident, three groups of Indian troops were arrested after security forces received a tip-off about the presence of four robbers who had attacked shopkeepers in New Chekon area, Imphal East district. Army and Assam Rifles rushed to the area to arrest the suspects.
In 2010, it was observed that the entire Galwan area is very crowded and has small roads; However, China has improved the area in 2015-16 and at that time, there was only one small house in the area, where there were no troops at all.
During the Dorbar, the distribution of leaflets on Business, Questions, Motions, Resolutions and others has been increased and the required documents have been posted on the NeVA website. and on the website of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, Bah C Syrti, said that the main reason for the police to conduct this program is to curb crimes such as robbery, theft, Through this rally, it will be easier for the police to crack down on criminals and arrest them, as they already have a relationship with the people in different villages.
“Although the college has a good status, to bring about development within the college, it requires the cooperation of the Management, the sponsoring body as well as the staff including the Principal, teachers, students. students, parents and others to fill many of the shortcomings,” said Dr. Mawsor.
...Since ancient times...the Khasi have had their own system of government.
Act- Aiñpura is a pending Act passed among the members of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of the State to take part in accordance with the powers empowered in the Legislative Assembly before the enactment of the Act through the legislature. state and signed in accordance with the powers of the Governor of the State for the purpose of social welfare.
The entrance fee for spectators is only 30 tyngka.
Therefore, the teachers of the school unanimously decided to convey these problems to the MLA Bah Metbah Lyngdoh so that he should turn around and do something for the village.
On the other hand, the people of Nongagang Marngar village today to condole the death of this young woman at a young age.
She said that the NALSA Scheme 2015, emphasizes the rights and benefits that should be provided to children and to make them aware of the need for their rights. under the Constitution and under various laws, such as the Child Marriage Restraint Act, the Child Labor Prohibition Act, the Juvenile Justice Act, the POCSO Act, and others.
He added that the person they met to discuss these issues was Rajendra Singh Yadev, Project Director.
The meeting was attended by Principal Secretary Sampath Kumar, Commissioner & Secretary Textile Department Bah FR Kharkongor, Director NIFT, Shillong Dr. A. Das, Deputy Commissioner Dr. A. Das. Isawanda Laloo, Secretary Textiles, T. Lyngwa, Ms. Kari Lombi, OSD of Secretary, Textiles & Handicrafts, Government of Arunachal Pradesh and Ratan Anya, Secretary, Textiles & Handicrafts, Government of Arunachal Pradesh. Chairperson of Oju Welfare Association of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Chinese military spokesman made it clear that China will take all necessary measures to protect its sovereignty and sovereignty in its own country.
Indian chess star and Tokyo Olympic gold medalist Neeraj Chopra has left for Potchefstroom, South Africa for training and fitness training. for the upcoming sports season.
Nongpoh: Leaders and office bearers of the Congress Party in Ri Bhoi District, today held a rally in Nongpoh, which is also a sign of strong opposition to the plan of the NDA government under the leadership of the NDA government. The BJP has called for the re-implementation of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) in India as a whole.
Therefore, in order to ensure that the counting of votes in the villages will not be disrupted and to enable the people to exercise their right to cast their votes, the Mawkyrwat Market Day on 27/2 /2023 will be postponed to 28/2/2
If those who make such claims can verify the name of the eater, the victim, the date and the place of eating, then nothing.
There was also a discussion among the leaders and mutual suggestions on how to strengthen the party in all the villages of the constituency, in order to reap the fruits of victory.
Not to punish the Khasi but to punish the French and a strong wind covered Shillong and the Japanese troops, not seeing Shillong, left.
After receiving a tip, the BSF stopped the truck and during the investigation, the driver failed to produce proper documents. BSF did not arrest them.
There is no need to wait for the mining policy of the state, but the laws of the country relating to forests and mining should be implemented to protect the environment, he concluded.
“After the establishment of the State Education Commission, the government also feels the need to set up various committees such as the Textbook Review Committee, which will recommend which chapters or syllabus should be included in the school textbooks,” he said. Mr. Shanghai.
Shillong: Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn on Tuesday said that he is ready to take over the post of Minister of State if the opportunity arises so that he can serve better the state and the people.
Kasparlin said that during the COVID-19 pandemic, the DHS has appointed up to 180 people to work as Emergency Care Staff in hospitals to fight the disease. They have been suspended from their jobs but their salaries from June 2023 have not been released by the Government.
These office bearers include Adviser KA Pariat, President Teibor Khongjee, Vice President GR Pariong, General Secretary Armor Lyngdoh, Assistant Secretary Johny R Lyngdoh and Finance Secretary Cum Treasurer Pynshai Shynret.
The four selected candidates include Angkit Tamang, Pushkar Raj Singh, Kishlay Vishlux and Shavian P Blah.
The toilet was also located near the toilet and Jimmy took part in the competition when he told the story of drinking at the toilet.
Israel regained its own country declared by the UN in
It is also a time when the people are suffering and need the assistance of the police.
The Chief Minister was accompanied by Karnataka Chief Minister BZ Zameer Ahmed Khan and MLA Byrathi Suresh.
The statement said that 33% of the population of Meghalaya speak Garo or Achik and the language has reached the doctoral level in education.
However, the most surprising thing is that he was born in 2003 but the date of registration is in
When inquired, KSU and FKJGP leaders said that this man had given a drip to a woman and could not show his documents that he is a doctor.
Therefore, the Union and the Village Leaders have requested the government authorities to send immediate inspection to the affected families and at the same time to provide assistance from the government to the villagers. “These refugees have been severely affected by the earthquake,” he added.
Shouldn't the Village Authorities take action against such issues? The Government now cannot refuse to find land in the villages to build those landfills and to do the same. to recycle waste and especially plastic into reusable materials.
The concert will be attended by the famous musicians of the State including:-There will also be various games to entertain the guests.
The Minister urged M/S Multi Tech Engineers, the company awarded to complete the project, to work hard.
· Within the containment zones, a strong border will be maintained and only essential activities will be allowed.
The minister said the state government notified guidelines for issuing Arunachal Pradesh ST certificate on August 1 this year.
Every year, past or future, is in God's time to fulfill all that is planned.
“What they want is the support of the whole of India to fight against the foreigners...this is wrong, because in the struggle against illegal entry into the State, there has never been any case they didn't attack the places of worship,” he added.
He said that this shows that the recognized political parties in India have not been able to create a world in the smooth running of the ADCs except the political parties in the State.
In the women's semifinal, Ri Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills District reached the final after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills and South West Khasi Hills District respectively.
In the next match of the same series, Umphyrnai Presbyterian Secondary School beat Tyrsad Higher Secondary School 1-0
Because of the main reasons for conflict within the group, most often it is due to the lack of food.
Roy Kupar recalled that the Chief Secretary wants to amend the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), 2016 to become the ILP.
He said that if the Deputy Commissioner's inquiry does not work as he promised, the party will not allow but will go to court.
The KHADC will listen to the reports of these groups and take the reports of the experts, whether it is necessary to send them to improve these areas. “The EC will take action on this issue,” he said.
Dr RC Laloo inaugurated the Thangbru of the Seuñ Raij Mukhla on Saturday 15th at Mukhla.
“As it appears in the newspaper, the CORP, CSWO are planning to close down this bank, but we want to clarify that the existence of the bank is for the benefit,” he said. to think carefully and listen according to the wishes of the people because they too work for the welfare of the people.
Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut, who is also a member of the Rajya Sabha, on Tuesday demanded that the Indian government should downgrade the status of syiar and pylleng. they are vegetables and no longer meat.
However, after a few months, it became clear that many of these 12 members will join the NPP. There is a truth but the time is not long because somehow before November-November they have to leave the party they have to prepare for the elections to be held in June-October
Shylla said that the two MDCs, Blanding Warjri and Equator Nongrang, who left the dorbar, left the dorbar because they did not want to work with the Congress. He said that Bah Adelbert Nongrum, said that although he has decided to withdraw his support for the PDF, he does not want to support the removal of Bah PN Syiem.
Shillong, Lber 13: There are 12,481 SSA teachers in the state including 5766 Lower Primary Schools and 6715 Upper Primary Schools.
On the other hand, the EM Incharge and even the CEM could not give a complete answer but on the other hand, Moonlight Pariat said in the House that the reason for the delay in receiving the Second Installment is The reason for the small area of ​​the market is 2000 square feet and it is not due to the lack of a Utilization Certificate.
She urged that if there is any sign of illness, should go immediately for check-up at the health centers and should not delay in getting treatment, that delay should not be the cause of serious illness.
The suspect was identified as Sunny Saha and from his residence, police seized 1500 yaba tablets, several heroin, a pistol, two bullets and a vehicle.
The CoMSO has made it clear that it will continue to remind the Union Ministers who come to the State of the demand for ILP in Meghalaya.
“Besides the degree, leadership skills and communication skills are also needed to succeed in jobs and life.
You lose water from your body every time you go outside or sweat too much and this makes your body more dehydrated.
However, after the elections, that person will go to ask for help from those who are more intelligent especially those related to the government, while during the elections, he will not listen to those who need help all the time. that they may be saved for a moment.
Subsequently, the program was broadcast in English from 31st July, 2016 and Sanskrit from 28th June,
We know that recently there have been these elections in the states of Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, and also the elections to the city authorities in Delhi.
“To know the reasons for their resignation as MLAs and the reasons for their departure from the NPP, we need to ask those two but I insist that this departure of them does not affect the NPP. party in preparation for the 2023 elections,” said Conrad.
The injured driver was identified as Rajendra Das, 28, of 8Mile Guwahati and the truck was driven by Lamshwa Pakyntei, 44, of 8Mile Guwahati.
Speaking at the meeting, the CM of the state, Conrad K Sangma, said; “It is a great honor to be present today to award these trophies for the Durand Cup 2023, and I would like to extend my special thanks to General Sanjay Malik for the award. implementation of this program.
These contractors were working for the construction of two village roads in the village at a cost of T.19, 78,380 and T.19, 82,380 tyngka.
Shillong, July 2 : The North Eastern Hill University Students' Union (NEHUSU) and the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) have called upon the students to gather in front of the MBOSE office on Tuesday as a sign of protest. strongly opposed to the government's unfairness in releasing scholarships to students.
I don't care – no because I'm telling the truth.
Shillong, Nailur 18: Earlier in an interview with reporters, Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit and his team who took part in the protest against the MUDA boundary crossing admitted that their protest was a success. win.
“In the past years, the JHADC has been one of the best in terms of revenue collection but since the ban on coal, the JHADC has been in financial crisis,” said Ma Lamin.
The house belongs to Herman Iawlar and Phyrnailin Marshra.
“Any coal weighing more than 14 or 15 lakh metric tonnes is illegal coal, if it can be sold it will go to the government budget and there will be no payment to the owner. but if the coal contains only 14 lakh MT, the owner will also get it,” said Katakey.
I don't forget that we stayed 4 people in a 10 room house but there were bapli who had to stay longer than I did.
Two members of an unidentified militant group detonated a bomb in front of the Interior Ministry building near the Turkish parliament on Sunday, injuring two police officers. There was a strong wind on that day.
The two award winners are Manbhakupar Iawphniaw from Mawkyrwat Village and Wanboklang Lyngkhoi from Marshilong Village.
Therefore, “Blessed and holy is he who has part in the first resurrection”.
The Minister said he has to look into the terms and conditions that the government has signed with the GVK Company, after which a meeting will be convened.
On the other hand, Samla Jersom Shylla asked the government why the government can spend billions of rupees for the Cherry Blossom Festival, while the garbage dump is only for the Cherry Blossom Festival. Jowai city has not been able to provide it yet.
Meghalaya won 19 medals including one gold medal for Jefferson Ryngdong, Pyniohnam Myrboh (silver), Bankhrawnam Ryngdon (bronze), Fullshai Myrboh (bronze) and Wanpynkhraw Marboh. (right), Alfinia Warjri (right), Edaka Warjri (right), Espiranza S.Songthiang (right), Dakaebaka L (face), Sameemlang Iawim (face), Feliza Hujon (face), Ngibanylla Iawim (face), Bashisha Nongrim (silver), Sany Khyriemmujait (gold), Arkinkhraw Dkhar (silver), Banmankhraw Dkhar (gold), Evadahunshisha Kharmudai (gold), Tanya Kumari (silver), and Himanshu Kumar (gold).
He said this while talking to media after returning to the post of Chief Minister of Tripura for the second term.
“He (Danggo) won from the Congress and without any reason he left the party to contest the by-election on the NPP ticket and he was defeated.
He said that he will visit tomorrow together with the Chief Minister and the engineers to inspect the impact of the collapse of the round statue built on the roof of the Legislative Assembly. state law.
However, it is said that the police do not remember how many armed men were present on that day because in the middle of the fighting they were fighting only to protect their own lives and the robbers also killed. The two prisoners fled the scene immediately after being released from the vehicle.
The HSPDP then nominated one candidate but the people won only two candidates.
When else will this government think when in a few months it will think of the election to be defeated without rain but by the power of the majority of the people.
Speaking to Mawphor, some of these teachers said that the district administration has not allowed them to sher dara or tar tarpal.
It is also possible to say suplumtyngka supbuhpisa as much as you like so that these will be like proverbs.
The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will reintroduce the Clan Bill or the Clan Bill on the Kur Ka Jait.
U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, said that it is necessary for the nation to surprise and that is to learn to respect those people who are still alive and who have worked well in the society and it is useless to honor them when they are blind or blind and when they have died from the earth.
The Best Athlete of the Girls Under 14 category was won by Elinda Khar Wanniang of Don Bosco Secondary School Nongkohlew.
He said that according to her husband, the woman had stolen all her belongings from her residence in Nongumlong and had also stolen all the money of her husband and her husband. He didn't have the money to register his mobile card to call people and he (Rangbah Shnong) registered it from the village.
A source from the UDP said that Bah Robertjune has received the support of senior party leaders including President Bah Metbah Lyngdoh and other leaders including MLAs. He resigned from the post of President of the HYC last month and has been taken over by the General Secretary of the HYC, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem.
Furthermore, for the training of children aged 14 to 16 years in Archery and in Athletics for up to 4 years, they will be trained by two teachers. Ramsingstar Ramsiej and Badsharai Marwein.
Although it is impossible to get an exact figure, there is talk that the lockdown and the outbreak of Corona virus have severely affected the lives and mental health of the people.
The Nongkrem MDC said that the people of Nongkrem have been angry with him for the news that he is ready to resign in 2018 to support Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. “I have told the people who are angry with me, if you are angry with me, I will resign from the party. I don't know if you have elected me as an MDC but they say yes, they say you will fight but not from the UDP. “It's because the anti-Arden sentiment is very strong in Nongkrem,” said Bah Shylla.
On the other hand, the ASHAs said that the job they do is not an easy job but a very difficult job and compared to the salary they receive from the government, it does not match what they receive. get now.
“In November last year, the Government had invited the factories producing fertilizers and once again we will start offering a low price on fertilizers and this will benefit the farmers, “ said Bah Mawrie in an interview with the media.
The meeting was attended by several members of the Kur including Bah DR Dhar, Kong Jeny M Dhar and others who encouraged and encouraged others to hold the meeting. in the year
The Cooperative Society has been serving the city of Jowai and surrounding villages especially the poor since
The accident happened this evening on the Nh-6 in Umsamlem village, when a commercial vehicle which was heading towards Nongpoh, collided with a truck. The vehicle collided with the truck coming from the opposite side of the road through a divider.
This is a disgrace to the dignity of our village Pamrapaithlu.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that there is a shortage of jobs in many areas when it comes to the jobs that the youth want to do and the support they get to implement the jobs they want to do.
They said that after receiving information about their return, they went to conduct a raid on Tuesday morning and arrested both.
He said a case has been registered against him and the investigation is ongoing.
The Seng, after careful consideration, has found that there has been no harassment or violence against foreigners living within the border of the Hima Mawlong. They were charged before the Governor of the State.
After the truck drivers expressed their grievances, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, promised to fight as much as possible to clear the road within 72 hours if the rain stops.
The Government has already promised to start the first phase of the entry and exit points and they have also opened an entry point at Umling, Ri Bhoi but unfortunately the place has been changed to search. COVID-19 disease.
However, during the war, even if someone was forced to go to church, people were surprised because of the bullets.
“If I can achieve the goal of winning the tournament, I will have the opportunity to represent India in the World Cup.
If foreigners are forced to work abroad and foreigners are invited to work inside the state, what is the future of our state?
According to information received, this happened on Friday afternoon, when Bah Shiningstar Kharpati went fishing with two friends at Nongmahir Pond, Ri-Bhoi District. and as soon as they came to this place, they built booths.
Shillong, July 22 : The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday decided to introduce the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Bill in the Lyiur Dorbar to be held next month. come.
AIS SujaAccording to the Word of God, we know that there will be wars and there will be world wars.
The coronavirus has claimed three lives in Assam.
Prestone said the meeting discussed the implementation of the PMGSY and the schemes funded by the central and state governments in both these government departments.
“We have lost the opportunity to showcase the advocacy skills of our leaders like the leaders from other opposition constituencies,” said the youths.
The traffic jam in Shillong has increased with the passing of the days.
Meanwhile, the bridge at Suktia under Shella-Bholaganj C&RD Block has been damaged by the floods.
The existing problems in the State will continue to hamper and disrupt the work and peace and stability in the State.
Shillong, Nailur 8: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Narendra Modi, today launched the Pra Dhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana, a scheme known as Pra Dhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana. to open bank accounts without depositing money, but the money will be deposited into their accounts of T.5000 tyngka along with other benefits such as Life Insurance.
To be afraid of foolishness is not like the ancients who were still superstitious about things that are not true.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has been angry with the Congress government led by Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and demanded that the Prime Minister should step down. No, because the government has failed in its working methods by introducing laws that do not do anything.
The match will be played at the JN Stadium, Polo.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the Unit, expressed his satisfaction to see that the Unit has grown and developed thanks to the hard work of the leaders to provide services in the area. especially to do good deeds to improve the society.
Everyone's advice is the best, good teaching methods and adequate textbooks should be read by the students in the state,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lambor Malngiang, MLA, Nongkrem Constituency and former Chairman of the Meghalaya Planning Board, congratulated the college for taking these steps to guide the unemployed youth. without work from your constituency to become job creators.
Dear friend, perhaps you have a desire, but you don't have the courage, you have a desire to preach, to proclaim the Lord but you don't have the wisdom, I urge you, desire and sliang the power of Pentecost in your life, thirst for the empowerment of the Holy Spirit.
What the government needs now is to provide more land for the farmers who come through the western part of Shillong and the Mawreng road is better if the cold storage there is owned by the government. .
The pig slaughter continued after the 24th of this month and it was reported that there was a snowstorm and then the pollution of the river, the report said.
The Government of India today issued various rules for the reopening of supermarkets, places of worship, hotels, restaurants and other eateries from July 2020, but these will be opened only in areas where there is no corona virus.
Although it does not happen within a year or two, after a few years it will happen again.
Liam's wife has threatened him that if he forces her to sign the film, she will leave him and her children.
On the other hand, the Vice President of AITC and former MLA of Umroi, Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that if there is a wrong decision on the Reservation Policy, there will be a serious misunderstanding among the Khasi people. Jaintia and Garo.
The High Court announced the decision after examining the two cases involving Basumatry.
The world needs many car builders, house builders, painters, drivers, housekeepers, cleaners, water suppliers, skin repairers, hair dressers and so on.
“This is something we have done and we have not just spent money but when we appoint anyone, we count so that the Government can work well.
Dr War said the health department needs to deploy three personnel to test those who have returned from smuggling goods to Bangladesh.
According to the report, the Governor wants to know whether these rules passed by the PDF are in conflict with the fundamental rights enshrined in Article 19 of the Constitution of India.
The Prime Minister's remarks came after a heated debate in the Bihar Legislative Assembly, where the opposition accused the Indian government's Citizenship Act of being a canon.
Police have also found that the arrested persons are involved in the shooting injury of two students from Kerala on the 24th of this month in Jaïaw. , Shillong.
China speaks Chinese.
In the past years, Bah Pynïaid has served as Chairman of KHADC, Dy CEM and other positions in KHADC. The National People's Party (NPP) in collaboration with the Congress.
In the past 24 hours, 2,84,601 people have recovered from the disease and so far there are 22.28 lakh cases in India.
It is also suggested that if the traffic police are unable to do this, they can also take the assistance of the Hom Guards.
“As human beings we must trust in God and we must be humble and understanding of the needs of others,” said the Bishop of Jowai.
The Common Platform was held at 7 pm at Tympang Club Hall where all the four candidates took part and presented their goals for the constituency.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Andreas War and Bah Meban Warjri who are members of Opus Production. Plastic bags will not be allowed to be carried inside the venue of the Orchid Lake Festival.
“The nine schools that completed the Aspire Meghalaya training last month include Williamnagar Government College and Sacred Heart Higher Secondary School; St.Mary's Higher Secondary School, Shillong and St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School, Pynurslaha East Khasi Hills and St.Peter's Higher Secondary School in Nongstoiñ, West Khasi Hills; bad Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Tura in West Garo Hills.
Prestone said the permission of the Chief Ministers to come for development works from Assam or Meghalaya does not mean that Meghalaya has handed over their land to Assam or that Assam has handed over the land. in Meghalaya.
Daniel says – the burnt offering of animal sacrifices in the Third Temple.
Among the Khasi, although we belong to the same Kur, we are called according to the fields in which we live.
How can we learn about the mind of Jesus Christ? In this same letter the Apostle Paul describes the mind of Jesus Christ as follows: “He was in the form of God; but thought not to be equal with God...and emptied himself, taking the form of a servant, being made in the likeness of men: .
Jyrwa said that recently the Sengbhalang had met with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem to discuss the plans of the company to operate in Ri-Bhoi District. They replied that the District Council has not authorized the Meghalaya Calchem ​​Industries Limited to operate there.
He also urged the public to call the National Helpline No.1930 if they encounter any problems.
On the other hand, the MLA has worked hard and we are still considering whether Psiar should get this.
Albinus Lyngdoh MDC of Umroi, while criticizing the appointment of MB Syiem as President, said, “This is a gift from someone”. The Congress party in the last MDC election, where he came third in the contest.
Zuma handed over his resignation letter to his successor, Cyril Ramaphosa, who is currently in charge of the country.
“Last year, the dam had been repaired but unfortunately, the dam has been repaired only properly because it has been seen that the dam has been damaged due to poor working methods and there is little dewbilat and no rod and stone.
Thus terrible events will take place within 1290 days which Jesus said – “great tribulation such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be” (Matthew 24:21).
The AIFF has decided to choose the first ground of the Shillong Sports Association or the SSA Stadium as the home ground of the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium. Shillong Lajong FC in the I-League.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills, Matsiewdor War Nongbri, today announced that Mawiongrim has been removed from the containment area after there were no new cases of COVID-1
In 2017-18, the amount was Rs 3.36 billion, but in 2018-19, it dropped to Rs 3.29 billion and then to Rs 2.73 billion in 2019-2
He said that in 2004 when the Prime Minister Dr DD Lapang appointed the Chairman of the RPDB, there was no written statement that the Chairman would receive a salary as they were no longer government ministers.
We have seen how dangerous it is to rely solely on these types of projects because when there is no rain, these too cannot function properly.
“These people from Meghalaya have started claiming that it is our land and trying to attack us.
At the same time, the Minister said that the government has created opportunities to improve employment opportunities for the youth in the state and abroad.
Jyrwa said that the implementation of the HSRP in the state has been going on for about five years but there is no GPS to track the missing vehicles.
Sharma, who is the BJP's chief spokesperson and a member of the Executive Committee, resigned from the party last month alleging that the central government had failed to do anything. in connection with the conflicts that have occurred in Manipur.
The incident occurred during the protest against the Citizenship Amendment Act (CAA) called by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and other political parties in Ichamati.
BIS is a Participating (P) member in three ISO Policy Development Committees (CASCO, COPOLCO and DEVCO), 495 ISO Technical Committees/Subcommittees and 106 IEC Technical Committees/Subcommittees, and O- BIS (India) has contested and won the position of IEC Vice President and Chair of the Standardization Management Board (SMB) for the term. 2023-2025.
Shillong: The founder and former leader of the People Democratic Front (PDF) on Tuesday said that if other parties are willing to appoint ministers, it would be better if the PDF MLAs are willing to appoint ministers. They will also appoint two MLAs, Jason Sawkmie Mawlong MLA from Umsning Constituency and Gavin Miguel Mylliem MLA from Sohra Constituency, to join the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance government.
Khliehtyrshi SC scored 0.52 runs while Khimusniang SC scored -0.09 runs.
He also promised that from the 1st of July, the necessary work will be started for the relocation of the Jowai Civil Hospital so that the Jowai Civil Hospital can be rebuilt. The blood bank will also be established as soon as possible.
For the unemployed youth between the ages of 21 to 40 years, 1000 tyngka per month and 12000 tyngka per year has been promised. There are 11 lakh youth in this age group and if 50% of them are unemployed, unemployment has reached Rs 700 crore per annum.
It is true that there may be more paid Kurs in one part or area of ​​Ri-Khasi but the Kur binds us by the kur relationship no matter where we live in Ri-Khasi.
In another source, the BSF of BOP Umsyiem, on June 2, 2022, arrested a Bangladeshi woman who came to the border areas and smuggled into India.
BAM honored these three persons at View Point Damsait in the presence of members and office bearers of the Association.
Lyngdoh, one of the researchers for the development of tourism in the War area, said that the award-winning bridge is located at the place called Jingkieng Wah Kumpa. The bridge is about 45 minutes walk from Mawkyrnot village and the height of the bridge is 52 meters which is considered to be the tallest bridge in the world. The length of the Internet is only 32 meters.
All that can be done is to explain and explain.
Thus, for 100 years now, members of the Church and other residents have contributed to the Hospital through donations and donations, besides physical service as its employees.
On the other hand, on the issue of Village Councils and Municipal Councils, Bah Samuel said that although the Bill states that they will not work in Meghalaya, there is another word that says: shall remain until further notice by the Governor of the State.
Rom 13:1-7, “Let every soul be subject unto the higher powers.
He also informed that they will also build a footpath inside the area.
Ma Philemon Lyngdoh said that the Golden Climb is also part of the efforts to attract tourists as well as athletes and youth.
“The DTO office has issued the permit but we who earn when we go to get the permit say that we have to join other companies.
The villages in Umsaitsning area would not have received this new colored road and bridge if it were not for the MDA government,” said Prestone Tynsong. “But as educated citizens, we should not believe lies and we should judge for ourselves what this government has done for the people,” he said. added.
From the UDP, the candidates for MP are Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Dr Jemino Mawthoh and Bah Bindo M Lanong.
They fought, and they won.
However, all this has happened only during the Biden administration.
Once the Members and Staff are received, the Commission will work tirelessly on all issues affecting the rights of children, she said.
In the fourth match, Phila Rapsang Memorial Secondary School beat St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School 1-0 with a goal from J. Andy Wilson Nongkhlaw in the 42nd minute.
At the same time, they don't believe or think about how this Environmental Impact Assessment and how many lives and livelihoods it puts at risk.
In addition, the NPP Spokesperson, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, has strongly criticized the Congress party by saying what else is the party's basis when it goes to the people while its own brothers and sisters are willing to beh smile smile.
And to do that, foreign companies like Adani and Ambani and others will come.
He also acknowledged that only the 'Sanatan dharm' of Hinduism can improve humanity.
Zelenskyy said Ukraine last month was waiting to defeat Russia once it received special weapons and vehicles promised to be delivered by the Russian Federation. the West.
Thousands of supporters of TMC Mawkyrwat Block welcomed TMC Leader and Lok Sabha MP Mahua Moitra in Mawkyrwat on Thursday in the presence of TMC Candidate Bah Sounder Strong Cajee. of Mawkyrwat constituency.
If we look at the difference between us and the Garo, we are more than them, then why should the reservation remain the same 40% (2).
VIP vehicles and car pass holders can enter only through DC Point to Mission Compound via Loomkyrwiang to Aitnar.
He wrote, 'Once again the stones will fall, Once again the winds will fall.
Mawlai had 29 points while Ryntih had 17 points in the fourth round.
Tura: The GNLA militants, who surrendered their weapons, have returned to the forest due to the lack of assistance from the government. wild beasts, who have come to destroy the sword.
There will also be a ceremony to honor Babu S.Nongrang and Babu.
Surprised by Gandhi and the history of others, we read well.
It is priced at ₹4
Prof Lakhon said the suspension of the strike does not mean that the strike has ended but should give time to the VC to convene a meeting of the Academic Council (AC) to be held in the month of November.
Therefore, I urge those who have three female pigs and one male pig please don't sell them,” he said at the distribution ceremony of piglets to 500 households. Mawryngkneng Constituency through the Rural Backyard Piggery Scheme of the National Livestock Mission.
Ration for AAY card holders has been released at the rate of 35 kilos per household free of cost, for PHHs 5 kilos per head has been released free of charge and for Non-NFSA is sold at a price of T.14/- per kilo.
We cannot do what we want.
Informing that the government has also prepared relief measures for these families as well as for those affected by the natural disaster, the Minister also urged the residents to They should be vigilant and vigilant because the forces of nature at such times come suddenly.
He added that they will appeal to the leaders of the church groups to come forward to set up these universities in the state and they are ready to provide support.
Lucy Mary Mawrie, General Secretary of the Kur Mawrie Women's Association, said that the Kur should put forward the spirit of cooperation and share the burden.
"Although Men Kpa expressed that he did not like her to have only children, he could not stop her.
Beans, ehsnep beans, tyrkhong beans, fermented bean drinks, your own cooked vegetables mixed with hummus are the best ones for you to eat.
The G20 is also part of the training of countries in the world that each country should produce its own resources and not rely too much on other countries. growth in the economy of the country around the world.
Until the days of his death, he was still the President of the HSPDP, which he founded and which he has never dissolved to this day.
“These villages have agreed to sign an agreement with the government to implement the city cleanliness scheme funded by the Asian Development Bank (ADB),” said Bah Ronie. Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh said this in the House today.
On the other hand, Samla Pynshngaiñ Lyngdoh in his speech said, “On the part of the party, we cannot give you money or wealth, but what we are giving you now is be only an encouragement and a source of strength for a bright future.
Speaking to reporters, Eugene said he had never thought of spending more than Rs 1 crore in the market, but he gave credit to Bengaluru. The club he played for has promoted him to the position of India's best player alongside Sunil Chettri.
Under this scheme, a solar power plant with a capacity of 50 kilo watts will also be constructed.
Regarding the book on the story of Oor War, he said the time has come to improve and expand this book, so that the children, grandchildren can escape from being misled about the 'Seiñjait Seinkynja' ' of the Mynso War.
Vijay Kumar, ADGP of Kashmir, said there are only about 28 local militants operating in Kashmir.
When inquiring about the residence of these foreigners, many of them are from Barpeta Assam, Silchar and others.
When they had carried it three times, the tree was left a little, and it was no longer carried away.
On the other hand, Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, one of the fellow pastors, who used to work with Pastor Basaiawmoit, expressed his shock over the passing away of Pastor Basaiawmoit. , on the death of this Pastor.
While there are lines of households, it is still under construction.
More than 40 authors and vendors attended the book fair.
Zen came into the room where that happened.
According to him, the purpose of the meeting was to give advice on the areas that need to be done to protect the culture and traditions.
It is not necessary for us to be wise or intelligent to see or understand something encouraging but it is necessary for us to be thoughtful and observant so that we can gain knowledge and understanding.
Wonderfull is the sister of Siyoobha Shullai, the sister of Innocent Shullai and Rosalba Shullai.
He was speaking at the closing ceremony of the memorial service organized by the JJM Nichols Roy Memorial Committee and the JJM Nichols Roy College in Qualapatty, in collaboration with the KHADC. The 64th death anniversary of Rev.JJM Nichols Roy, who is considered as the father of the Khyrnit ba Hynriew, has been celebrated.
The earthquake also struck Shillong and other parts of the North East.
'Wow' I cried.
In a statement sent by the Chief Spokesperson of the BJP, Bah M.Kharkrang, “It is a blessing to Meghalaya as a whole especially when we celebrate Christmas and welcome the New Year with It is hoped that many good things will come to the state through the decisions taken by this meeting for the state of Meghalaya as a whole.
He said the market is based on the law of increasing demand and supply because when the demand is increasing, the price rises.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills has submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills.
About 2,000 police have been deployed to Paris after the shooting death of a 17-year-old boy, which sparked massive protests in the city on Tuesday.
Samson-Nongrum-of-Kith-United-is-not-trying-to-score-a-goal-in-New-Nongstoiñ.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 15: The DC has directed that all schools and educational institutions should hold schools on these days and also government offices should hold work on these days which is also the date of replacement and on December 28th & 29th, 2016.
Remington G. Momin, Pastor of the Baptist Church and Government Officer, West Khasi Hills, has worked hard to reach the goal. objective.
According to Ramesh, the Congress wants the NRC to be conducted in such a way that the citizens of the country should not be discriminated against and should not discriminate against any ethnic group.
The total number of recoveries is 789 including 13 recoveries today. The number of samples tested is 75,239, the number of negative samples is 72,8 There are 439 of them.
" (Isaiah 65: 17-25).
“Let the farmers and traders answer this allegation and on the day I went there was a complaint from both sides and what we suggest is to do right on the part of the farmers. The farmers and traders know that the traders know what happened during the time that Bah Ardent was CEM, we don't discriminate against anyone. ".
In his speech, he said that as citizens, they have the right to complain if they receive poor goods or services that are not provided to them and they need to educate the public so that they can They are free from fraud and cheating by the sellers and if there are such problems they have the right to report by filing complaints through the Consumer Forum for the purpose of resolving such problems.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of HANM, HYC, UHM, have arrested 25 foreigners from Meghalaya at 5 pm this evening. Assam and those who intend to work in Nongstoin.
“Cyclone Biparjoy, which struck parts of the Arabian Sea, has struck the eastern and northwestern parts of the country and also struck the central parts of the country yesterday in a remote area. about 280 km WSW of Jakhau Port.
The funeral service will be held on the 4th of November at 10:00 am at Seinraij Jowai, Khimusniang.
Once again, I wish the family of Bah HS Shylla to be equal under the protection of God.
Members of the committee agreed that all political parties, Zenith M Sangma of AITC, HM Shangpliang of BJP, Augustine D Marak of GNC, Methodius Dkhar of HSPDP, Ronnie V Lyngdoh of INC, Renikton L Tongkhar UDP, Chief Secretary Meghalaya as members of the committee and Commissioner and Secretary, Secretary Personnel and AR (B) department will be the members of the committee. secretary of the committee.
“If you elect again, we will not play on the field, we will sit inside,” said Bah Martle.
Hek said the deterioration of these medicines is due to the fact that the health department has not had any problems in transportation to deliver the medicines to all the hospitals in all the 11 districts of the country. There is only one truck carrying medicines to all districts in the state.
Mondal said NEEPCO has sent a letter to abandon the project, but the State Government will write back to NEEPCO to reconsider the project.
Government departments, who attended the program included the Office of the District Agriculture Officer, the Department of Labour. and the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply).
Gradually the Moses Group reshaped and restructured itself and its rule, judgment from the roots, from the villages, households and clans.
This road is known as the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat-Jalalpur Road.
The petition was also signed by 10 MLAs, who also said that they will not attend the special session.
The BSF also distributed blankets to several residents of Amdoh, Amlympiang, Naljuri, Lyngkhat, Bakur and Pyrdiwah villages.
The state has needed more policy makers to address the problems ranging from poor education, lack of job creation opportunities, backwardness and decline in agriculture, backwardness rural areas and health among others.
The journey of these two shows the strength of the family to walk together to achieve their dream.
Dear Sir, After the Kut: We ask you to keep our cooperation secret, but make it clear that we have nothing to do with it, by condemning the Seng Lawei ba Phyrnai.
With its own university, it will allow the students of the State to pass the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) and will also allow the colleges of the State to choose to join their own university. Shillong, July 14: Congress Leader and MP to the Rajya Sabha Mukul B Wasnik on Thursday arrived in the state along with other leaders of the Rajya Sabha. The AICC has said that the party will not promise like other parties on any issue in the country regarding the preparations for the elections. the election manifesto which will not be implemented when the party forms a government.
Captain Uttam Singh scored two goals in the 10th, 59th minute, Boby Singh Dhami in the 11th, 46th minute and Chandura Boby Poovanna in the 10th minute. '9', 54′; Aditya Arjun Lalage scored one goal in the 37th minute, Sharda Nand Tiwari in the 11th minute, Angad Bir Singh in the 37th minute, Amir Ali in the 51st minute and the last goal in the 60th minute. You have been appointed to the Yogember Hospital.
On the other hand, the church leaders have decided to work together – to join hands together to explain to the residents of the rural areas of the state to leave their illegal farming activities and also to turn to other agricultural activities which are for the benefit of the state as well as for the citizens of the state as a whole.
Speaking to the DC, the DC of Ri-Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey, said that she has taken note of these demands. The DC will try to talk to the higher authorities to discuss these issues.
The poem tells of a muktiar, who complained to the king, that he had built a temple with 2 million gold coins, because the temple had no god in it.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Mawshynrut constituency, Bah Gigur Myrthong, on Tuesday went to the WKHD Returning Officer to complete his nomination papers for the 2023 elections.
Police have registered a case under Sections 341/326/34 of the Indian Penal Code.
That six months began on November 1,
Out of the 31 cases tested in Khyndailad today, only 5 cases have been confirmed. Three doctors in the state have tested positive for the virus.
Shillong, Naitung 21: The Meghalaya High Court on Tuesday ordered the CBI to conduct an investigation into the murder of PJ Marbaniang, Sub Inspector of Police. Outpost.
Khlur admitted that the party has nominated its candidate late, and this may be the reason why the BJP has not reached its goal. “We haven't received any order from the party leaders at that time, when we received the order to nominate a candidate, we announced our candidate. Khlur told Rupang.
According to a BSF source, they have admitted that they have not found any attack on Indian citizens.
“Our fellow citizens have to come to Shillong for dialysis five or six times a month and the distance from Riangdo and Rambrai is about 150 kilometers,” he said. Lumlang.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Basketball Association (MBA) will hold a trial and selection process for the 70th Senior National Basketball Championship 2019 to be held in Ludhiana, Punjab from 21-28 December .
Furthermore, the purpose of this workshop was to take measures to ensure that the vaccine is available to all children especially those who have never received the vaccine before. use measures appropriate to the circumstances of those areas and also to understand the position of the residents.
You shall count fifty days, and you shall offer a new meal offering...I am the Lord your God.
The new rebel group in Garo Hills has said that it wants to implement the Supreme Court's 2003 order. order for the improvement of NH
Mooknor Thadmuthlong beat Shangpung Khliehmuchut 2-1 in the semifinal of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by WJDSA at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. .
The General Secretary of the party, Bah Kyllang Thongni in a statement sent to the media, said, “The first demand is that the Central Government should respect the decision of the Legislative Assembly to introduce The Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India as the Khasi and Garo people have long demanded because they have completed the language written and taught in higher education institutions up to the Ph.D.
The KSU has witnessed this during the closure of dewbilat factories in Narpuh area due to the lockdown imposed by the central and state governments to fight against COVID-1
The years have passed, and in many cases, it has been possible to hold many sports tournaments, which do not end only for these states, but also for the tournaments, which are The 1995 Inter Table Tennis Zonal Championship, the Junior National TT Championship, the AG Meet and the Badminton Championship were also held.
From this budget, the department has provided T.2 lakh to each school and college including 38 schools and has also provided musical instruments to these schools. .
He said that people are trying to spread bad news about the BJP because they are afraid that the BJP has done many things to improve the country and the income and he hopes that the people will be able to the politics that brings development is better than the corrupt politics of the Congress.
“There is still an investigation by the Lokayukta into the allegation of corruption in the coal transportation, but Conrad has said what is clear and I am confident that all the facts will come out,” said Erwin.
According to government sources, the police and government departments have been holding talks with the officials of banks like SBI, RBI and other banks to find ways to prevent the theft of money. Police have discussed with the bank management to use adequate equipment to prevent the theft of money from ATMs, the government said.
Looking at the initiative taken by the Governments of India and Meghalaya to crack down on terrorist groups, we are very pleased to commend them for their efforts.
Therefore, no purchase of clothes or food at Christmas is wrong.
Speaking at the meeting, the Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Macmilan Byrsat, said that the ancient Khasi believed that if they did anything wrong, even the wells and nature would tell and give them. He said that he is very sorry that the incident happened within the boundary of Pyndengrei village and the act of the thief is against the constitution of the village. The Khasi people.
By Purningstar ShabongWhen you say 'Ka Ri' there may be many meanings that you can explain according to your own understanding.
Shillong, July 11: The University Grants Commission (UGC) has set up an Expert Committee to conduct an inquiry into the allegations against the Chandra Mohan Jha (CMJ) University in Meghalaya.
In the next match, Mookyrdup beat Dongmihsngi 2-1
The Waheh Shnong of Namdong B, DS War has inaugurated the streetlights in Namdong B on the 21st of this month.
Although the Constitution of India does not discriminate against anyone, Hindu majoritarianism has prevailed in many areas.
Speaker HBK Lyngdoh said: “One of the organizations that has gone to support the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule is HANM. in Garo language.
Today, a march was held by the staff of the department, in which the students of Dr. Radhakrishnan Boy's HS School and Umpling (R) Girls HS School took part. Umpling , Shillong.
All of them have the ability to fight against the appearance of skin marks, lines and the appearance of pyrshens.
Deputy Chief Minister Prestone Tynsong and Samlin Malngiang, former MLA of Sohiong, who came to campaign for the support of Biolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait of the NPP. Jymmang 24 : U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who is preparing to be re-elected as MLA of Mawkynrew Constituency from the PDF, said that as a person who believes that actions speak louder than words. He has no doubt that the people will vote for him in the MLA election 2023 which will be held on the 27th of this month.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education, Tura today announced the results of the SSLC and Higher Secondary School Leaving Examination (HSSLC) Arts, 2022, not regulated by the MBOSE; will be announced on July 10, 2022, during long office hours.
Shillong, Naitung, 01: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, in a meeting with the leaders of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) on Thursday, promised that the State Government will implement the demand. to increase the salaries of Adhoc school teachers across the state.
They also have their own forests that they don't need.
The ruling coalition parties in Karnataka have won four seats in the mid-term elections to the Lok Sabha and the State Legislative Assembly held on Saturday.
He said that the recruitment of temporary soldiers is inappropriate.
The next matches of the tournament will continue on the 27th of this month between Lyngdoh Phanblang Sports Club vs Mawpalong Sports Club at 12 noon, Raimulong Sports Club vs Phanniewlah Neng Sports Club at 12 noon. Mawponghong Sports Club will play against Nongspung Sports Club at 3 pm.
On the other hand, CCORMAU has decided to hold a flag raising strike from Monday to 31st July and will also hold a sit-in protest from 5th to 16th July. Only 50 to 100 people will participate every day so that there will be no interruption in the supply of electricity to the people of the state.
“The police who have not sworn to protect the people are instead the protectors of the army chiefs by committing acts against the people and this shows that there is something behind it,” he said. Priest.
Multilateral ties and the promotion of these rules-based ties is an important part of India’s bilateral and economic relations.
On the other hand, Superintendent of Police BD Marak said, “We have given tiewkulab to the traffic violators, today instead of punishing them, this is a surprising gift. but this is that they may remember and follow the law.
The CoMSO invites all the people of the State to participate in the programs of the group so that the voice and desire of the people will make the leaders of the Government of India hear and listen and also to give us Shillong: The employees of the Garo Hills District Council (GDC) have written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, Secretary, CoMSO. They said that on the 18th of this month, they held a march, together with other employees of GHADC, to protest against the non-payment of the share of the state government by the state government. The Garo District Council and the non-payment of salaries of employees for 32 months.
Regarding this report, the Sengbhalang urged the government to investigate other entry and exit points especially in Ri-Bhoi.
On this day, all the owners and farmers have left for the village because there is a village work.
“Before the hearing, the government should ensure that the measures to be taken have been prepared and if possible the auction should have started.
The property seized within the operation of section 33(1) shall be forfeited and the accused shall be convicted of his offences.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 10 : The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday held a cleanliness program under the theme 'My City My Campaign'
The DC said that the organizers of the meeting have been asked to send the necessary documents but they have not sent them at all.
The Committee will soon visit the women's shelter and the women in the coming months to see their welfare.
On this issue, the KSU leader said that they have conveyed their demand to the DC and the DC has listened to their demand and promised to do whatever is necessary. .
“What is more surprising is that even after these children were taken to NEIGRIHMS for circumcision, they were not registered at the hospital.
Shillong, July 03: A group of employees of the State Bank of India (SBI) today held a special meeting at the Police Reserve Hospital, Shillong.
They also said that the MDA government's failure to arrest the owner and the two operators of the land is because Bah Tiewli Shadap and Bison Shylla are The brother of Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is the Minister of Social Welfare of the MDA government, said that the MDA government has been hiding this matter.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has not agreed with the MDA Government's demarcation and may oppose it.
The training camp was owned by Pyndaplang Muksor as Camp Commander & Training Incharge and at the same time he helps the youth to get jobs in various jobs such as malls. , Banks, offices, and others.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
On the other hand, these elders and women requested the authorities to take action in this regard, so that the village can remain peaceful and the residents can benefit from the village. they shall not receive others.
It is clear that they don't want me to contest because it has put the future of the NPP leader in danger,” said Bernard.
Shillong, July 3: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has said that it has no opposition to the government's plan to build a railway line in the state. KSU President Daniel Khyriem said this while talking to one of the media outlets in the state in the past few days.
It is said that physical activity can increase the level of sugar in the blood, which can increase the risk of illness.
Jowai, Jymmang 13: North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai has won 17 gold medals in the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet Sports Officer in collaboration with the West Jaintia District Sports Association, at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
“I think they are still considering these reports and I think in the next few days, the MHA will call us,” he said.
According to the former MLA and Minister, it is the custom of families, whether in politics, business or other fields, to inherit, which says that like the father so the children, and this is not surprising.
He said that the Board should also order all schools to sing the Ri Khasi song twice a month.
The brain stores thoughts as a memory that she speaks to the ears that hear her voice.
The union also condemned the state government for not being able to resolve this issue and also condemned the National Testing Agency for conducting the examination without meeting all the requirements.
It should be reminded that Jesus' death on the cross is not the end, but the beginning of a better society on the foundations of hope, peace, justice and equality.
Another person, Hamsynta Swer, 27, was killed at Sohsale Nongkyllep near Pdeiniadaw village.
Greetings on International Women’s Day! We salute the spirit and accomplishments of our Nari Shakti.
She should follow him and become his wife/Mrs, even if he lives in her village.
It is necessary to repent according to the Law and the Work in the name and name of the Father of Ubalah Ubaiai (John 5:26).
The Sohra Taxi Leader said that at present there are about 185 taxis in the Sohra area starting from Lad Mawphlang-Sohra and below Sohra.
Surprisingly, many churches in other states are not surprised by this change.
It may be recalled that the BJP government has strongly urged the people to use digital payment, but it seems that this has not worked at all till now.
Police are conducting investigation to track down the other persons involved in the incident.
The MBOSE has suspected any fraud and has reported the matter to the police.
Since then she has fallen ill and is now no more.
He said that at present the KHADC has only 76 police enforcement wing in the district council and therefore there is a plan to improve the working methods of the department in the council.
Shillong, Jymmang 05 : Up to 30 candidates from East Khasi Hills alone have filed their nomination papers on Saturday, 04th June.
If the government were to do so, it might face clashes especially from the devotees.
Besides, the BJP has violated the rights of the people of the North East.
He said that the district councils will have to improve their own capacity in relation to the projects and schemes that have already been implemented and those that are still under implementation.
On the same day, after eating and drinking, Lanosha told her mother about her relationship with Bah Deng.
Therefore, they could not submit their Report Card.
The farmers of Laskeiñ Block were also informed about the PM-Kisan scheme which can provide up to 6,000 tyngka per annum for the purchase of dashim medicines. more information by visiting the agricultural offices.
“It is clear that Block I and Block II have no dispute, but they should only return the Khasi villages, Assam should return them to Meghalaya,” he said. Bah Tynsong.
Along this road there are farmland of the people of this area and this is a very beautiful road especially when the jhur and jhep have started to grow.
The Government has also directed the Deputy Commissioners of East Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills to expedite the land acquisition process so that the road can be started.
The affected people have been accommodated in temporary shelters and have requested assistance from the State Government and the relevant authorities to send relief supplies during this time of disaster. in the power of nature.
The Seng Samla Sengkhihlang invites all the branches of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij to attend this competition to perform traditional dances. believe in Niam Tynrai.
However, the government has said that the owners of the coal will no longer be able to own or claim the money from the auction.
The tournament was organized by the Amateur Muay Thai Association and was held at the State Boxing Arena, Khuman Lampak Sports Complex in Imphal from 28th to 30th November
Nongpoh: Upon learning that Bah Cornelius Kharhunai, owner of a wine shop, has decided to open a wine shop to the public, the people from parents and youth together with civil society groups from neighboring villages and They protested against the proposal to open a Kyiad shop at Umdon near GS Road, a place which has been admitted to fall under the jurisdiction of the Kyiad shop. Nongkhrah Village and is located between the boundary of Umrangksai and Lumbyrhing Villages.
One expert said the study shows the need for more women or women in positions of responsibility or higher authority in the workplace and more diversity in jobs. that women work.
The Cabinet has approved the re-appointment of Bah W.Khyllep as Commissioner Secretary to the Law Department on a contract basis for six months. After six months, the government will take another decision.
“We request the Government to take action on this issue so that it will be a prevention against the smuggling of people from Bangladesh and perhaps it may happen from time to time.
He said that if they are re-elected to power, the promise to create a new district with Dadenggre as the headquarters will be the top priority of the government.
Shillong, July 03: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB). The Shelter Home is located in Kench's Trace.
In the match at Umbuda Nongpoh, EKH had to tied first for the loss of the toss and scored 216/3 in 28 overs.
It may be recalled that the appointment of teachers came at a time when Ampareen Lyngdoh was the Minister of Education and JD Sangma was the Director of Education. School Education and Literacy.
He said that if the people agree, they will not be able to take over the land without the approval of the Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid or Dorbar Hima.
B.Lytan, Club International Director, Rtn.
The winners of the 30 km race were Jompsingstar Ramsiej (2:03:25), Baristarlan Pariong (2:06:43) and Bansing Marngar (2:07:14) for the men's category, while Dateibankynmaw Marweiñ (2:41:30), Bankinus Wanniang (2:58:11) and Shantilin Wanniang (3:00) for the women's category. 56).
He was welcomed by 80,000 and 85,000 Real fans at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, surpassing Napoli's 75,000 welcome for Diego Maradona in
Jowai: The Seng Kur Phawa Siangshai will award prizes to the students of the Kur who have passed well in the SSLC, HSSLC and Degree examinations and the deadline for submission of marksheets will be on the 31st of this month.
Kyrshan Marwein, son of Bah Donborlin Marwein of Mawkohniang village, drowned in the Syllei Wanniang River on the 11th of this month. On receiving the tip, the police rushed to the village for further investigation. Police have confirmed that the child has drowned.
Shillong, Naiwieng 16: Two ATM depositors have been arrested for misusing the money they carried to deposit T.22 lakh tyngka. You can enter an ATM in Tura, West Garo Hills.
Maya was arrested for his involvement in theft and other crimes.
“Today is the greatest day for us, especially for our Odia brothers and sisters and also for those who worship Mahaprabhu Shri Jagannath Ji.
Earnest said that if the party remains silent, those in power will misuse it to intimidate the people not to support the BJP. Pynthorumkhrah, North Shillong, West Shillong and other ethnically clean constituencies. Therefore, as a party that believes in the right to freedom provided by the Constitution, we will not allow them to do whatever they want. he said.
He said that according to the reply to the RTI, the Ministry of Education has made it clear that it is the duty of the State Government to take responsibility for the SSA teachers in order to recognize them as teachers. teachers of Government schools.
Other speakers who gave speeches of encouragement and encouragement to the children were Brighstar Chyrmang and Octomewot Lamin MDCs of JHADC; Tina Lakiang, Head Teacher and Secretary, Mihmyntdu Waheh Shnong Abul Phawa and others.
Also present at the meeting were Sohra MLA Titos W Chyne, MDC Donevan Kharwanlang, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit and Pyniaid Sing Syiem. MDC of Mawryngkneng.
He said the drivers came out to repair because they understood that tourism is their income as well as the residents of the village.
He said that the year 1997 was a memorable year in the history of the Presbyterian Church in Barak Valley among the Khasi Pnars.
At the same time, the party would like to inform that only the delegates selected from different constituencies will be allowed to attend the meeting.
Therefore, he urged the public to obey and understand the importance of wearing masks in public places especially when talking and especially to keep a distance of 6 feet from each other. something that is protective and important consideration.
Shillong: U Robertjune Kharjahrin, Minister of Food and Civil Supplies, has left for Assam to hold a meeting of the AGP. He said that the delay of the Governor, Tagatha Roy in signing the MRSSA Ordinance which contains the provisions of the ILP, is as if he does not care about the feelings and needs of the people of Hynniewtrep. “He is the Lat who will play with the feelings of us the children of the ninth century”.
The JAC has expressed its surprise that the Wapung C&RD Block office which the two Dorbar Shnongs - Wapungskur and Wapungshnong, have played a major role in bringing this office to Wapung area by providing The Dorbar Shnong of the two villages and the Dorbar Shnong of the two villages and The JAC of Wapung C&RD Block has not been informed.
The Block Development Officer of Namdong C&RD Block, Ma Heimonmi Niang, who was the chief guest, laid the foundation stone for the construction of the house on 12th July. The meeting was attended by Bah Grevile Kharlukhi, Assistant General Manager, NABARD, as the Chief Guest.
Both the teams of Meghalaya have trained well at the MFA Stadium to prepare for the tournament, and are expecting to receive the full support of the people of the state so that they can The first game of the NEOG was held in Manipur in
Dr SL Marbaniang, retired lecturer of NEHU, in his speech, strongly condemned the false news which is trying to create division among the Khasi-Pnar minority.
On the night of the 13th of that month, his mother told his brother-in-law to keep his matric and class XI certificates for tomorrow.
He said the MDA-I coalition government in the past five years has made good progress in terms of road construction across the state.
The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary DP Wahlang, Principal Secretary Sampath Kumar, Chairman Infosys Nandan Nilekani, Chairman 10 Bed ICU Srikanth Nadhumuni, Founder Dr Sudarshan Hanumappa and Public Health Expert and Scientist Nichiket Mor.
In Meghalaya, all the departments are not working but the line is correct.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kedion expressed his gratitude to the KJWA for taking the initiative to write on this issue which should be a blessing not only to the fish farmers in Nongwar but to the war zone as a whole.
They are from Ramvishnupur village of Supaul.
The incident happened at 4 Furlong, Lailad, at 12.45 pm, when a Mercedes, driven by Bah Aibansharai Nongsiej (28), son of Bah AL Hek, Minister of State, said that the motorcycle (ML 05 J 0913) was driven by Probin D Sangma (38), who passed away recently. R Marak, another policeman.
Their numbers have declined to only 28 members.
In West Garo Hills, there are seven cases including six from the Armed Forces and one from outside.
He said that the committee has already sent its recommendations and this issue will be taken up in a special session for discussion before being sent back to the state government.
Nongstoiñ: Police of Nongstoin Police Station, last night received a tip from Bah Nespas Marngar, Sordar of Mawkohniang Village, West Khasi Hills, regarding the drowning of a 3-year-old child.
The program was held at the Nativity Parish Hall, Mawkyrwat under the leadership of the District Project Manager (DPM), Bah John K.Wanniang. Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Assistant Manager Rural Finance.
Other speakers included Kitborlang Nongrem, President of the NPPYF and Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC Central Body.
Our four and a half years journey is to help as much as we can to get the people in the Gittim Reserve to get their rights as citizens of Meghalaya.
It is a great day, a special day, a day of new creation to unite the kur ki kha who are involved in the customs, traditions, religion and customs according to the traditional thought of the Khun Khasi Khara through the policies established by the Seng Khasi.
These residents are from Umsawwar, Mawsir, Mawdulop, Ksanrngi, Nonglyer, Lakadong, Mawlong, Mawjatap and other places.
In another development, the Superintendent of Shillong Civil Hospital, has already investigated the shortage of medicines at the hospital as reported in the media these days.
He said that there are about 3,00,000 youths between the ages of 19 and 20 who are addicted to drugs in the state and 40,000 people who are addicted to these drugs.
Therefore, vote for the Congress party if you want peace and stability in the next five years.
At the same time, he said that the Seng has discussed with the CEM regarding the issuance of Trading License and Labor License by the District Council to foreigners.
She said how can MLAs and government ministers attend the meeting led by MDCs because it is no longer protocol.
Then it was turned off again at 10 pm and started again at 9 pm to 5 pm and turned off again at 12 noon and turned off again at 3 pm to 9 pm.
The situation in Assam has started to improve as witnessed on Tuesday.
This is the religion of the Syiem of Hima Khyrim to this day.
In connection with this case, police of East Jaintia Hills District, have rushed to Shillong to arrest Pushki from her residence in Polo.
Have the mothers and daughters of this generation ever thought of the honor that has been given to them ? It is also the glory of our beloved country, that women and children are the farmers, nurses of happiness, of our heritage, the wisdom of our parents that says “Bat ma phi ko Thei ia I jaid I khong because it is in you that the life of the Khasi people depends.
Because of this, the land is destroyed because of lack of knowledge (Hosea 4:6).
Peter A Dohkrut also urged the Meghalaya government to file a PIL against the CAA 2019 as it violates the Constitution of India.
At the same time, he urged the youth and women not to think too much about getting government jobs because in this Khasi country, people are waiting for government jobs even if it is a salary. and the little one shall be blessed.
The story goes back and forth between the sellers and buyers which brings closer the community.
There has never been a greater man on earth and there will never be another like Jesus, in whom God has revealed His most wonderful power.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Leader of UHM Central Body congratulated and encouraged the leaders and members of UHM East Jaintia Hills to do their best for the benefit of the UHM Central Body. social life in the country and the nation.
The newspaper said that they will send a reminder to the KHADC for discussion on this issue.
Lok Sabha MP, Ma Vincent H.Pala was the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the College in Former Umsning MLA Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, Mawhati MDC, Rev. HL Myrsing, President of the Governing Body, Dr. Kamilang Nongmalieh, Vice Principal of Umsning and others were also present. the teachers of the college.
There was one death and he was not injected at all.
There are still many issues to be discussed, but the work will be explained when the time comes to fight.
On the other hand, the CEM of KHADC announced a donation of T.20 lakh while the MLA of Mawphlang announced a donation of T.5 lakh.
The MSPCB through the DC of East Jaintia Hills District should cancel the public hearing held on 29/01/2022, said a statement from M Chyrmang, Information. Secretary of FKJGP-East Jaintia Hills District.
In the second half, Niaw Wasa United turned the score around through Samehi Ryngki 72′.
Therefore, high and low cholesterol is associated with the risk of heart and blood vessel health.
Jowai: 'Avoid smoking cigarettes, alcohol and drugs and also avoid destroying the environment,' was the message of the four-day Behdeinkhlam festival of the Sein Raij Tuber which ended on Tuesday. The holy place called Biar Blai is located in Tuberkmai Village.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Ampareen said that TB is not only a disease that affects the poor but it affects everyone but the richest have the money to fight. and this disease.
Wealth or possessions or status or power should not be a criteria for access to good health and healthcare.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wankitkupar said that he decided to contest the 2023 election after seeing the failure of the MLAs of the area to fulfill their promise to bring about development. the state.
“Woe to the nation, woe to the nation; The sad thing is that those members of the nation whom we call the tipbriew tipblei nation, when we look at those things these days, we see that the people are busy with elections, busy with political parties, busy with political parties. “The candidates have made insulting remarks against our church leaders,” he said.
However, the Word of God clearly states – “He that believeth on him shall not be condemned: but he that believeth not shall be damned.
Hek also expressed his confidence that as the village headman, he hopes that the people of Pynthorumkhrah constituency will turn to him at this juncture, because he has a strong foundation. For the development of the constituency, the village as a whole, because the constituency itself urgently needs change as it is now.
They also believe that the seedlings in dry nurseries are stronger to resist diseases than the seedlings in wet nurseries.
Recently, while talking to SAARC leaders, Modi spoke in Hindi and even when he went to Bhutan, he spoke in Hindi and this is because he wants to express to the world, the need for of the Hindi language.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14 : Shillong Lajong FC U-19 team beat SAIL Bokaro 4-0 in the Oil-DFA All India Level Under – 19 Inter Academy Tournament. Invitational Football Tournament 2023 to be held in Duliajan, Assam.
The tournament will be inaugurated by the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri as the chief guest in the presence of the MLA of Jowai, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest at 2 pm.
He said that if his district will destroy Mairang, it is better that the people should not vote for him.
He handed over the work order as part of the preparations of the Church for the KJP Synod Sepngi to be held in 2025 through the MP scheme of Ma Vincent. H. Pala, MP from Shillong Constituency.
He said the BJP government has taken measures for the development of the North East to strengthen income and rapid economic growth.
Babu Tonyford War, Senior Vice President of APSTA and will be appointed President soon.
Shillong: The Butchers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) has decided to resume the sale of beef from 3rd November.
However, the football ground has been destroyed for many years since the government forcibly built the road of the signboard shiah from half of the Lyngkhat football ground. The Indian government has destroyed the land, the Bangladesh authorities have also come to take over the farming to the point of digging fish ponds and the BSF has not been willing to do anything.
During the meeting, the Governor was briefed on various aspects of the Integrated Check Post at Dawki, the role and responsibilities of the Customs and Central Excise Department as well as the implementation of various schemes such as PMAY, MGNRERS, SSA, PM-POSHAN, National Health Mission, PMGSY, and others by various departments.
The district authorities came to try to disperse the people by urging the group to stop the protest, but the party and the people refused.
Among these candidates, former Rambrai President and MLA Bah KP Pangniang is one of the candidates.
The Kur Leaders informed that the issues to be discussed on this day are:- To recognize the Para Kur, to establish the Seng Kur Khonglah (Khasi & Jaintia etc), to elect them. full office bearers of the Khonglah Kur and to confirm the office bearers.
The government should hold a meeting with the residents of Raid Nongtung and listen to the voice of the people, said the statement.
All the organizations have expressed their strong opposition to the proposed mining of the dewbilat factory and have insisted that the factory should not be allowed to mine from Brishyrnot in any way to preserve all creatures. Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary.
“Many people from different states have gone to Hyderabad and Secunderabad to conduct the search for these children.
Meanwhile, the HSPDP, through the information of Bah Pangniang, has announced that it will contest the 2023 election from Nongstoin constituency, Bah Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit who will contest on the HSPDP ticket. In my opinion, the most important thing for a soybean farmer is the marketing of soybeans.
He said that they don't want the PWD to replace the PHE after the completion of the construction. On the two lane road in Mawroh to Mawlai Bye pass, Kharmudai said that the delay is due to the land acquisition because they have extended the road from one lane to two lanes, so it takes longer.
Referring to the strengthening of the party in Garo Hills, the President of the party said, “The start of the contest of candidates from the MDC election and the mid-term election last year, we have seen that there is an acceptance. The UDP in Garo Hills has also encouraged the party to continue to field candidates in Garo Hills for the 2023 general election.
The training program was also attended by the Ri-Bhoi Police, Health Department, journalists in the presence of Bah PS Marweiñ DSP Crime Ri-Bhoi. Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi, Bah Cornelius Laloo, one of the senior journalists along with the group, Samla M Tariang who came to lead the KRIPA Foundation Nongsder, one of the youths who has been addicted to drugs for many years, but by the grace of God, he has become a spreader of the message on the dangers of drugs and has also become a helper to the Bhoirymbong CHC staff and other elders including teachers and school children.
At the end of the day, the winners of all three age groups were awarded. In the Under-14 men's category, Army Public School won two medals. In the women's category, Lereto Convent won 3 gold medals, 2 silver and 2 bronze medals.
Mupliang SC and Tpeppale SC won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy in the 3rd Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
After the meeting, Bah Mitchell together with the Seng leaders went to donate tins of household items to the family of Joya Wahlang who suffered from a fire in July,
“If you are wrong, because the Garo has elected only two Lamas, the TMC and the NPP, if you are wrong, they will get one from Sohiong. I'm afraid of Carona.
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: Residents of Marmaiñ area traveling on the Nongpoh-Umden-Sonapur (NUS) road have faced serious traffic problems which can also cause danger and cause tragic incidents. The earthquake in these days has caused the traffic jam of the people.
At present, the BJP, TMC, Congress, HSPDP and PDF cannot get a single largest party. The political parties should be prepared to appoint a Khasi-Pnar as their leader.
Nongpoh: A group of ASHAs under the umbrella of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWA) today decided to Speaking to reporters in Nongpoh, leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Worker Union, including Mirajone Myrsing, President and Sony Kharjana, Adviser, have strongly criticized the state government for not being able to implement their demands. it must then pay them the compensation they deserve.
Sharing some of the information from the report, the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Committee has stressed the need for the Administration. and the Head of State is not employed fulltime.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has expressed its surprise to see through the media that the government's decision on the Khasi language is full of shortcomings. The Khasi language should be included in the fifth schedule of the Constitution of India.
In the first match, Mookyrdur beat 7 Wasa 3-2
No aspect of the personal life, unrelated to public affairs, of the leaders or employees of other political parties shall be discriminated against.
If it is necessary to remove this hero, it must be removed from the understanding of the people.
Different villages from Phudmuri village took part in this 10 day tournament.
These chart papers and holders belong to Princeton Dkhar, a student of Jowai Polytechnic.
Shillong, July 11: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Sniawbhalang Dhar on Friday inspected the construction of the Wahiajer Multi Sport Complex, West Jaintia Hills at a cost of crore rupees.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the MDC who has helped to the best of his ability to all the people of Mawhati Constituency.
On Tuesday alone, 102 new cases have been reported in West Garo Hills, followed by 36 cases in the worst affected districts. cases in East Khasi Hills.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today informed the Legislative Assembly that the second phase (Phase-II) of the border talks with Assam for the remaining seven disputed areas will be completed. it will be next month.
There are no buyers in our country to sell meat at T.1000 per kilo and the behavior of the Americans is not suitable for use in our country because we don't have the necessary equipment and the people don't. four people spah",.
The manifesto was launched by Dr. Kara Chen, Vice President of the VPP, in the presence of party spokesperson Batskhem Myrboh and other party leaders.
Compared to Meghalaya and other states which have experienced instability, it is not appropriate because in this state, it can still accept the consent for dialogue and resolution.
As an MLA, he expressed his satisfaction to see that this year there are two candidates who came in the Top 20 in the SSLC including Eleazer Kharmawlong who came in 6th position and Givenstar Nongkhlaw who came in 6th position. in 15th position.
“This frequent change of principals is one of the reasons for the delay in announcing the resolution,” the newspaper said.
“The relationship between the Congress and the state has been long and now is the time for us to start again.
Chia seeds and tree seeds These seeds are rich in fiber.
On the other hand, even the hospitals have been affected because they have to install generators to provide electricity in the rooms especially in the ICU. great.
The PMGSY road at Umphyrnai is 4.552 KM long at a cost of more than T.2 crore and is expected to be completed soon.
We are the children of Hynniewtrep, we take this responsibility to give our right hand and our left hand, we rely on these elders to carry out this task,” said Bah Lambokstar.
Shillong: The Vice Chancellor of NEHU, Prof. PP Shukla, today said that the implementation of the New Education Policy 2020 has been delayed for three years and if it continues to be delayed, would be a disaster for students.
Moirangthem Amit is the Additional SP of Imphal West.
Former leaders of the country like BB Lyngdoh, SD Nicholsroy, H Hynniewta, Prof GB Swell, DD Pugh and MN Swer and others have not benefited from their service to the Hills State.
Khliehriat: The Congress Party East Jaintia Hills Unit (CPEC) has opened its office on 27th November, 2021 at Lad Rymbai Dongwah.
Julius did not lose his talent, especially since he was an experienced man in this field.
Bah Umlong said that the meat harvested in this area is safe for consumption by the people but he does not know what is harvested in other places but it is the duty of the government to look after and behold, this is the journey of the flesh to other places.
He also expressed his satisfaction with this and assured of all the support from the government.
On the second day, he will meet Congress MDCs and former MPs, MLAs and MDCs.
“As there are no rules to include the language in the 8th Schedule, it would be better for the government to take action to follow up with the central government to implement this,” he said.
Therefore, we will investigate the reasons as soon as the Budget Session ends so that we can do well in the upcoming elections”.
Bishop Ferdinand said that this final decision of Sister Ardaka Tariang to love and serve God and fellow human beings is the will of God and the Church.
Disparsing said that according to the RTI, it is clear that there is something behind the collection of electricity bill of only T.10 crore in five districts of Garo Hills per month.
The United People's Front (UPF) and the Kuki National Organization (KNO) have said that the two organizations will also ensure the withdrawal of their volunteers from dangerous areas to help restore peace and order. .
In the year 2018-19, there was an allocation of T.90,000 crore to the States from this scheme, but after collecting T.95,081 crore, it was paid back to the scheme of GST only. Rs.54,275 crore.
It was written in
The NPP will nominate Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem from Mawryngkneng constituency and Abdul Saleh from Rajabala constituency.
In his speech, the Chief Guest criticized the uniqueness of the Khasi people and that is that the Khasi did not have the laws which were handed down orally before we got the Khasi people. the Law in writing.
“We have urged the Meghalaya government in front of the Minister of Home Affairs, Lakmen Rymbui to provide protection to our people so that they can return safely to their homes in Assam, and Lakmen Rymbui has promised to do so. I don't know what to do,” she added.
The trep house, called Ka Trep I Mei, was built by the women of the village who are members of the Iatreilang Village Organization, Lawshlem, with the advice of the Iarailang Cluster Level Federation (CLF).
After getting drunk, they kill the driver and steal the car, said the SP (city).
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 05: For the benefit of the people of Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division, the leaders of the Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division on Tuesday submitted a memorandum to the Chief Minister.
On the 8th of October, police recovered the hands from two places near the Umïam Pond and later found the body buried halfway near the pond.
He said they have the freedom to give their opinion to the committee and the committee will work hard to complete the work as soon as possible and hand over to the government to do whatever is necessary.
The proverbs around the lyngwiar dpei which he brings the teachings of the past as to surprise and stimulate our minds in order to know the lights and teachings of the past in our heritage and beyond.
Earlier, the Chief Minister also distributed awards to the winners for the Meghalaya Day.
However, if you go to work today, the minimum wage is 300 tyngka and if you are a mystery worker, you can't talk about it, because there are those who work 5000 tyngka to 2000 tyngka per day.
Under the leadership of KSU Namdong Unit President Samla Chanbor War and in the presence of KSU Jantia Hills District Unit President Samla Ohibait Dkhar and members of the district and unit as well, the meeting was attended by Dr. in-charge, Dr D. Suchiang and CHO Inspire Pohktai, to convey the concerns of the people.
In a statement, Marak said that the Supreme Court's order to appeal against the case to the Kashari High Court does not agree as the case is already in the Supreme Court which has ordered the National Court. Commission to conduct an inquiry into the matter.
Applications are invited for the year 2023-2027 (Three Years), according to the following instructions: Both applications can be obtained from the office of the Addl.Deputy Commissioner (Supply) , Amlarem Sub-Division, on working days and hours, and to submit again by 30th September, 2022 without delay.
“It is not the first time that the allegations against the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma and the insurgents in the state have come to light,” said NPP spokesperson James K Sangma. sun.
There are 216 coaches and managers in the district including 117 males, 72 females and 27 coaches and managers.
