They performed traditional songs and dances at NEHU Creative Arts.
Likewise, the cooking utensils were distributed to 8 villages, with two syntek tops per village, 16 villages along with tyrpar, khiew, ketli and others.
If we know how to be clean in our homes, we should also know how to be clean in public places especially in the market where many kinds of food items are sold.
A welcome ceremony was held for the leaders.
“I am pleased to see the way the village wines are packed which has changed dramatically from previous years.
Shillong: U Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, on Tuesday said that the allowance for the disabled, single mothers and the elderly will be released soon, after the Finance Department has completed the arrangements. item.
Referring to the computer and Xerox shops, they said that the blackout is a loss because it is impossible to complete the documents of the people on time especially now is the time to “If it's too late, we won't be able to complete especially those questions that are too late”.
Ms Isawanda is currently an IAS Secretary and is in charge of various departments and agencies in the state government.
“31.20% of the works have been completed by the government, but the Smart Road of 6 KM has not yet been completed. Technology, Rain Water Harvesting, Fire Safety, Construction and Re-development of Laitumkhrah Municipal Market, Implementation of ICCC and Traffic Awareness for the training of school children in the areas These projects have not yet seen any signs of implementation as stated in the RTI and the projects that have been implemented according to the RTI reply are only the construction of the Commercial Complex and parking lot improvements," he said.
All schools have been directed to prepare a Continuous Learning Plan (CLP) for the students to read their textbooks.
Furthermore, the beauty of the village and its surroundings is the presence of the Rashi and Lyngkhung rivers which are closer to the clean valleys and the Umngot river which is about 1 hour's walk away.
Speaking to media on the demand to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a District, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the discussion has been held on the issue of upgrading the Sohra Civil Sub Division to a District. It has been the case since the time of former MLA Dr Donkupar Roy and Bah Metbah himself will continue to look into this issue and will continue to see how far this discussion has progressed.
However, the Chokpot MLA said that the minister has misled the house because there is no sign of maintenance of this road for many years.
In addition, more than 1400 cases of incompetence and irresponsibility as a parent were filed in the Family Court in
Leaders, look carefully whether you have sold our State at a high price, whether you have just done it or to get an issue in the next election, look carefully whether it will affect you all who are involved in this matter.
Nixon R Kharbithai won the Post Production & Color grade and Aunadine L Phanbuh won the Make Up (MUA) grade.
JOWAI: Thousands of faithful of the Catholic Church of Jowai Diocese took part in the Eucharistic Procession held at Jowai Parish on Sunday.
“When I entered this political office, I understood that there are many challenges and there are many things that need to be done for the people, therefore I understand that I still need to serve more. I have also decided to serve the people while the people still love and trust me, for that reason this trust of the people, the love of the people and the strength of the people “Those who accompanied Bah Kyrmen Shylla include former MLA of Khliehriat Constituency, Bah Justin Dkhar, Bah Justin Dkhar, MDCs including Fineliness Bareh, Lasky Rymbai, Helping Phawa, Kyrmen's father, Kor Sympli, party leaders and supporters of Kyrmen Shylla.
Other writers who have been mentioned are: As believers let us remember and honor this good soldier Jesus Christ and as a nation as the Father of Literature in the Khasi Language.
It is worth mentioning that on the day of the KHADC flag raising ceremony, the Congress MDCs did not attend the ceremony but some of them arrived late. There were only 5 MDCs who attended the ceremony. Pyniaid said that the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ will fight against what the state government intends to do He said that the CEM has misled even his fellow MDCs, because if the government does not have the power to pass a law, there is no point in becoming an MLA. read some scheme.
The Congress and HSPDP leaders who have joined hands have decided to support Bah Apsharailang Syiem, MDC candidate from the NPP, for the MDC election. they will still get a lot of development work.
It was witnessed that after the heavy rain on Saturday, the river was covered with plastic waste of all kinds and it is dangerous for human beings to use the water of the Myntdu River.
On this day, there will also be a public exhibition and the purchase and sale of tar items, food items and various goods made by individuals and non-governmental organisations. District and also from other Districts.
The Meghalaya team was led by coach Khlain Pyrkhat Syiemlieh.
At the same time, the KSU expresses its anger and regret over the recent incidents in the border areas of Ri Bhoi, West Khasi Hills and West Jaintia Hills.
In Pakistan, there have been 1,523 new cases, bringing the total number of cases to 24,073 and the death toll to
The Nadi 2016 was inaugurated by Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Other guests who attended the meeting were Rasheed Khan, Minister of State for Tourism and Civil Aviation. Incharge of Foreign Affairs, Bangladesh Shahriar Alam, officials from Bhutan, Nepal, High Commissioners and the Chief Minister of Mizoram.
Karnataka took the lead by 394 runs in the first innings while Meghalaya tied for six overs and scored 12/1
Shillong, Jymmang 8 : After winning the MLA elections in Punjab, the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) has started turning to expand the party across the country. in India.
We have been waiting and expecting that the state government will advocate for ILP for us here in Delhi but now we have enough time to take to the streets to demand ILP,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Jowai, Naitung 25: The Independence Day Cup Under-17 Football Tournament 2022 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Muksor is the emerging goalkeeper of Nongthymme SC.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Prestone said that as he has said at every meeting, the NPP will get 32 ​​MLAs in this election and now he stands on the same basis.
The school will now be closed for a while until the investigation is completed to determine whether it is a fraud or a truth.
Neymar's salary will be the lowest and equal to that of Al-Nasr's Cristiano Ronaldo and Al-Ittihad's Benzema.
The rally started from United National Secondary School, Mawrang and continued to Rambrai Market.
It has also been seen that there have been many conflicts between the political parties in power in the state and the District Council – the losers are the people.
One of them is Nangroi Lynshiang who serves in the army and Balakyntiew Suting who has completed her MA (Sociology) among others.
The people of Meghalaya are not the market,” said Bah Shibun.
In this regard, the District Election Officer urged all the voters of the district to come forward and take part in casting their votes on that day.
Following the reports on social media that there are strong opponents of the ILP including foreigners and indigenous people from Meghalaya, the KSU today announced that the ILP They should not leave Meghalaya.
Following a 2021 survey, it was found that discrimination against women is rampant within the Australian legislature.
In March last, Nolikata Higher Secondary School (NHSS) won the title followed by Indira Gandhi Gandhi Memorial School (IGMS) in second place and Border Achik Secondary School (BASSP) in second place. three.
The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) has held a meeting on 3rd November 2018 at the Assembly Hotel, Shillong.
The writer pointed out the fact that the current employment rate in Meghalaya is 85% and threatened that if the employment rate is re-examined, the court will intervene and not allow the employment rate to reach 85%. % because the court will only allow up to 50% of the state owners.
While the government has acknowledged that the Tenancy Bill will help curb the entry of foreigners, the Bill does not say anything about it, said Bah Shanpru.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The Minister of Information and Public Relations, Dr.M Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that Rs 29.44 lakh has been spent on the release of videos on Youtube in the last quarter of the fiscal year – 23.
“In Assam, initially the BJP was only an ally of the Asom Gana Parishad (AGP) but when it realized that it has become stronger, it gradually took over the place of these regional parties. “Now the AGP in Assam has almost completely destroyed the political system in Assam,” she said.
However, the method of planting trees only along the road by cutting down trees from the forest to cut down the planting area has caused more trouble to the people who need those trees who need those trees that are already in the forests.
It will work for the development of the constituency and to ensure that the people participate in the development.
We would be pleased to hear from the Principals on this.
Shillong, June 08: The District Tuberculosis Officer of West Khasi Hills District, Dr. R. Basaiawmoit, on Tuesday urged the public not to discriminate against people with tuberculosis. Tuberculosis but they should support and encourage them to avoid various diseases.
What has the state government through the education department done, or has it just wanted to know without investigating how much these will help the people.
Out of more than 100 children, about 70 have received medicines, more than 25 have received IV drips and about 2 have had seizures for which these have been treated appropriately, LNIPE Registrar Amit Yadav told reporters.
Speaking to media, Bah Blik Sohtun, said that the Rangbah Shnongs of the area, as soon as they saw the speech of Dasakhiatbha Lamare, they held a meeting at Mawlasnai village, where they It is felt that the statement of the MLA Mawhati does not agree with the problems faced by the people in the area, especially after the MLA, has issued words to praise the Assam police, by saying He said that the presence of the Assam police in Block-2 area is to ensure the peace and order of the people, but in fact it is not so. period.
This means that these trucks did not go to the Umling weighbridge but went past Umling.
Why do I want to serve the people? On what basis, when you have set up coke factories all over East Jaintia Hills, you don't know how to answer, I said, Santa you are the President Coke, please don't deceive the children of Sutnga. Saipung Constituency, if you leave the post of President Coke, we will go to Umtyra and we will destroy the coke factories,” he said. They are just deceiving people because they see that the wind has blown by Bah Shitlang Pale who is an MLA.
The court order comes five years after the 2018 court ruling that lifted the ban on gay sex during the British rule.
Genesis 2:15 speaks of the responsibility to oversee, supervise and care for creation with the responsibility to be accountable to the Creator.
Sohra, Naiwieng 08: The Trinamool Congress Meghalaya on Tuesday visited Sohra to seek support for the party candidate, Bah Harold Khongsit.
In a statement, HYC Education Secretary Enlang Sawian said, “(We) demand that the true letter should be sent for forensic examination and the order against Jose Cherian, but the matter mentioned here is in the thmit of death and life.
Shillong, July 29 : The Ryntihlang Madanlangning Sports & Social Club (RMPS&SC) of Mawkynrew C&RD Block on Saturday last month held a road opening ceremony for the children and youth of the village. Seasonal Activities 2023 including March Past and football matches.
However, at the same time, AL Hek said that as we have read in the media, there are many who are against the ILP. The party has supported the Inner Line Permit (ILP) which has been passed by the House and has not been demanded by the Central Government to be implemented in the state.
Advanced nations like the Japanese or the Germans or the Koreans or the Chinese have advanced along with their own language.
The Khasi Student Union (KSU) Thangraiñ Unit on Saturday donated kitchen utensils such as khiew, plates, siang, pela and other necessities to a family who lost their house in a fire.
According to a letter signed by the Vicar General of Shillong, Rev. Fr Richard Majaw, on behalf of the Sad Lyngdoh of Shillong, Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, believers should be pleased to keep this day holy.
“From now on, the CPC will clean up the temple every first Sunday of the month,” he said.
The Lachaumiere Youth Association urges the authorities to take action to demolish this house.
Those who attended the function included Bah George B. Lyngdoh, MLA Umroi, as the Chief Guest, Bah DP Wahlang, Addl.Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, Kong RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi; Bah PP Tmung, Principal of the school, government officials from various departments, teachers, parents and students.
The decision to sack Mourinho, 55, was announced on Tuesday night.
It was the Bordoloi Sub-Committee, which accepted the suggestion of Bah Joy to establish an institution to convene District Councils in the North East, to protect the people of the North East. to the minorities of this region.
But after 2020 when the water reached our homes, all the problems related to access to clean water were over," she said describing personal experiences on the success of this the scheme.
Four people died and were taken to GTB Hospital and 35 others were injured.
The woman is a resident of Mawlai Kynton Massar.
On Monday, only one new case of COVID-19 was confirmed, while 21 people have recovered and the total number of cases in the state has risen to
When you have to travel to other states where there are other ethnic groups, you cannot help but feel comforted when you see that these ethnic groups have learned to respect and love their own language. , it doesn't matter if they have stood in their bodies with that precious human knowledge, but if they sit and talk among themselves, they don't say a word or produce it. Foreign languages, this is not an example for a nation, we will have to follow the example to preserve our own language.
Nongpoh: Several residents and village leaders in Tyrso area, have expressed their concern and strong opposition to the presence of illegal coal trucks, which have used the small roads through the area, to get coal. I went to Mawhati and from Mawhati to Umsning.
“However, before concluding, we once again gave them the opportunity to discuss among themselves.
This is not allowed in developed countries and is called tail gating.
According to a statement issued by the GS of FKJGP SRZ, the Wahjapuh Bridge connecting Ichamati and Majai has been issued a Work Order since July 2012, and the WO has been appointed. The bridge will be completed within 24 months or two years, and the budget for the reconstruction of the bridge will be T.3,95,84,120 tyngka which is nearly T.4 crore. .
Shillong, Nailur 22 : The State Government has decided to introduce changes in the rules of procedure of the Special Rural Works Program (SRWP) so that MLAs can contribute some amount of money to provide emergency assistance. to the victims of natural disasters.
Daniel 11:37.
The letter was issued ahead of a meeting of finance ministers of the G20 or 20 emerging economies.
It is also clear that the police forces who are responsible for extinguishing the fire, still need to receive more training, as in this regard, they have to be assisted by the army forces in the state.
He said that if the transportation of rnga to the factory continues, after five years the forests in the area from Mawlangdep to Langja, Mawruksoiñ to Nongmisei and Shallang will be destroyed.
Shillong: There have been 166 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 172 recoveries and 4 deaths, of which 3 have not been injected.
The Special Judge POCSO has also charged the suspect under Section 6 of the POCSO Act and Section 506 Part-1 IPC. years in prison with a fine of 5,000 tyngka.
He said that unemployment is one of the causes of poverty and the unemployed youth should not only rely on government jobs but should think far and take opportunity to try in the field of self-employment in order to earn more in the future.
On the way to Damascus, Saul encountered the cries and groans of the people who were allowed to be persecuted.
This disease is caused by fungi which damage the leaves or stalks of wheat or even the car with symptoms of wheat.
HANM has taken the initiative to announce a strike against the government's failure to respond to their demand for the removal of the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District.
Through this platform, citizens of the country who witness the wrongdoing of a central government official can lodge a complaint directly with the Commission.
Making some lifestyle changes, such as trying to be smarter or working out and losing weight, can reduce our risk of developing type 2 diabetes.
We too as believers have a part in this service in this healing, we have our own hospital which we all join hands to participate.
Shillong: The Meghalaya State Government has identified about 25 acres of land for the construction of various projects to beautify and improve the city of Shillong.
I agree with that suggestion.
These 16 cases include 15 cases from Kohima Quarantine Center and one case from Peren Quarantine Centre.
The MLA election in Meghalaya, which is only four months away, will be the election of Kupar's life.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: Tomorrow, the 10th of July, will mark the 20th anniversary of the imprisonment of the Sordar of Wahkhen, Bah Skhembor Khongjirem.
However, in the first half, Malki through Seun scored the second goal in the 49th minute through Dennelson Pyngrope.
He said the CS has agreed that the government will set up a New Pension Scheme to benefit them before they retire, besides promoting adhoc to deficit according to their performance. of schools and to develop a service rule for teachers will be completed within six months.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 34 lakh with 76,472 new cases in the past 24 hours and 1,021 deaths.
It was during his tenure as Chief Minister that the Meghalaya Land Transfer Amendment Act, 2012 was passed.
For example, it is accepted that the Rukom Long Trai of the Land in the State has a close relationship with the La Riti; the Culture and the Identity of the World and therefore cannot be affected at all.
God has given man not only self control, but also the will to choose between good and evil.
Criticizing the VIP culture which has discriminated against those in power and the rich, on the way they have behaved and the lack of rights they have received. He said that it is useless to destroy large buildings just to fulfill the customs of important people of the powerful race or above those in power.
However, most of our young Christians are happy and feel that they are living in this age of standards, so they write tattoos to change their appearance in many ways. it has no meaning but it only increases the value of your body and destroys your life.
He urged the future generations to know the new customs and traditions to preserve the Khasi identity.
“Until now, the Prime Minister has never called to discuss the commitment to implement the electricity projects, maybe he doesn't have time or doesn't feel the need to discuss because he is still talking to the Minister of Electricity,” said Bah Rowel. .
The Lord God has already written our book.
Speaking briefly about the film, he said that it is about the plight of the farmers when they have harvested their produce and come to sell it in the market.
Abhishek also criticized the government for not working properly despite being the same party in power in the state and the country. The BJP and this Double Engine Government cannot do anything for the welfare of the people of the state but only corruption.
Amen Amen, my brothers and sisters, Let us join hands together, Let us pray every day, All men and women.
Tomorrow, the 9th match will be between Rynjah Sports Club and Tynring Sports Club at 5 pm.
Shangpliang also told the story of a 14-year-old boy from Balat-Dangar village who burnt down a fire while working as a mechanic in a factory. he is not well now.
In its order, the division bench said, “Besides the high price of water tankers across the city, the state should take immediate action to resolve and It should also come up with a long-term or short-term plan for the future and how the state needs water, say 20 years from now”.
During the meeting, the Seng praised the hard work of the Doctor, together with the staff of the hospital, until it received the award as one of the best PHCs in the state.
The Public Health Engineering (PHE) Department, Meghalaya on Monday launched a campaign on the need to protect water wells known as 'Water Guardians: Strengthening Sustainable Communities' under the Jal Jeevan. Mission (JJM).
He said the government has taken many steps to improve and improve the water wells.
“The national parties cannot survive and they have no basis. They cannot have only one party while the Congress has survived since the past until now,” he said.
In the high paid states especially from Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh, Bengal, Punjab, Gujarat and other states of South India, people come to work and prefer to speak Garo language rather than their mother tongue because the language Garo is related to the languages ​​spoken in India.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest said that on the 5th July every year, the State together with the country as a whole celebrates the World Environment Day as a special day to plant trees to protect the forests. begin to synlen from the tree trunk.
He said that according to the law, it is clearly written that they (Garo) cannot claim to be village leaders, as Rangbah Shnong but they are allowed to run the village only for the benefit of the Garo. .
Arsenal needed to win and hoped that City would lose or draw against West Ham United but it didn't happen, City won the game and the title.
The All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Transporters Association (AJCCTA), which is one of the organizations in charge of transportation of foreign dew and clinker from factories to other parts of the North East, has launched a campaign to expressing strong opposition to the decision of the government.
In this regard, the CCIB leader said that there will be another border inspection between the DC, BSF, NBCC officials and CCIB members in November this year. .
In Arunachal Pradesh, the Act has been implemented in five police stations including Tirap, Changland and Longding districts, up from 16 police stations adjacent to Assam.
The Commissioner said that the sale, storage and sale of fish injected with formalin or any preservative is unsafe for health under Article 3(1) (zz)(v) of the Food Safety and Standard Act, 2006.
He said that the state can produce up to Rs 1000 crore from the sohphan factories and it will be of great benefit to the farmers to support their families and provide employment to the youth.
In a statement, the union said that it has also met with the Engineer in charge of the road, Bah Rapsang who told the union leaders that the deadline for completion of the road has expired. however, the contractor has now been given a deadline of October 2016 to complete.
• Assistance to fishermen (fishing activities are not allowed at this time), insurance for them and their vessels • Will lead to increased fish production capacity to 70 lakh tonnes in these areas. five years.
The rally to protest against the assault on Agnes Kharshiing has just started.
Shillong: The Khasi New Year was celebrated on the night of 4th and 5th November, 2021 at the home of Ma Spiton Kharakor in Nongkseh.
On the right there are three lines from head to toe (no writing).
In the second half, Sangma scored another goal in the 49th minute to ensure that Lumparing scored three points.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Upper Primary School Teachers Association (MUPSTA) has decided to celebrate its 25th Anniversary on November 05, 2019 in Shillong. EG War, Organizing and Publicity Secretary MUPSTA, requested all Upper Primary School teachers to participate in this annual MUPSTA anniversary celebration.
In a speech which included a display of pictures of how mining has destroyed the environment and the surrounding area, Mohrmen said that the first impact of any mining is the water. In the coal mining area of ​​Jaintia Hills, many people have died due to coal mining.
The Minister said that these projects will be completed by
He said that he as a leader will continue to work hard to bring about change and development in all the polling stations in the Nongpoh Constituency.
Despite two decades of campaigning against the harmful effects of tobacco, continuous deaths have been witnessed to date.
Worldwide, there are 86 lakh cases and 4.5 lakh deaths.
It is necessary to speak out here on this, because it is no longer possible to talk in secret, and in the future, it may become more and more difficult.
The ejahar was signed by Bah Danny Langstieh, Finance Secretary and Election Agent of the VPP. Ardent Miller.
Some of the houses have been broken into by these robbers, as footprints have been found that appear to have entered the house and walked throughout the house.
Sutnga said the project will not take long to complete if the funds are sufficient and it is expected to be completed by November
B.Syiem District Sport Officer, coaches and staffs from the Sport Departments were also present at the ceremony. men and women.
The program was conducted by the President Rangbah of the Kur Shylla, Pyrkhat Shylla. The flag of the Kur Shylla was hoisted before the meeting. The Calendar of the Kur was launched by the Chief Guest, Mr. Eastenius Shylla.
Police have rushed to the scene and taken the body to Ïalong Civil Hospital for post mortem.
He admitted that the cess collected from the mineral resources has never been used for education, “but now the MDA government has done its best to improve schools and educational institutions. and now we have begun to see that our work has begun to succeed,” said the Prime Minister.
Dr Sangma also urged the Central Government to look into these allegations from time to time. This is the first state in corruption, this is a shame to the state and the citizens, because corruption is not the way we live because our people are not lost, but we urge Amit Shah to take action regarding the allegations and to appoint a committee of inquiry, he said.
In a statement, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa and General Secretary M Thobu expressed their condolences to the people of Manipur and urged them to maintain peace and order. bloodshed or destruction of property.
Some Qualities of Political Leaders Should Have :It is this person who can lead everyone to reach the goal.
After the NPP, the HSPDP came up and the speakers included Babu Nicholas Marwein, HSPDP Women's Leader and Sanjied Kynsai Shangrit, candidate.
If the lockdown continues, it is better that the government should buy all the agricultural products and equipment that used to provide money to the farmers at a reasonable price otherwise the farmers will suffer more and more. the next few weeks.
Speaking to the four EMs of KHADC from the UDP, it was understood that besides the arrangements at the ARPA meeting held before the Lyiur Dorbar, the CEM of KHADC continues to ignore the They have accused the EMs of the UDP of working on their own without consulting or telling them about the duties that they have the right to look after. Speaking to reporters, Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer, EM of Market, Hadrian Lyngdoh, EM of Building and Rona Khymdeit, EM of Law.
No scanning was done and at 11.40 pm, the baby girl was born.
Messi wants to leave without any dispute between himself and the club.
There was a curfew and stone throwing in Motphran and surrounding areas.
The union has already sent a letter to the MSPCB and the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills.
“We apologize for not thinking carefully before breaking these guns, because we think of the welfare of those children and we are afraid that they may misuse them,” said the letter.
Modi also said that India has completed 75 years since it gained independence from the British.
It is to be recalled that at the dorbar convened by the Dolloi of Jowai Elaka on the 3rd of this month, the hall was filled with people who wanted to hear about the expenditure in the community. I was happy and hoped for the presence of the Dolloi, but it was a shambles.
The lack of border demarcation from the past until now has caused a lot of suffering to the Khasi people since the independence of Meghalaya until now. u tree light.
Similarly, the title of the chapter itself in the guidelines for the election proposal released by the political party may also be included in the Sample Thup-adong Kyntokam from the part of the Guidelines for Political Parties and Candidates.
Royal Gym Maram Muscle (Maram Muscle) on 31st November 2022 in collaboration with Mawkyrwat Arm Wrestling Association (MAWWA) held a silver wrestling tournament at Mawkyrwat Market as an example of celebration. New Year to show the public that there are such games here in Mawkyrwat.
Informing that the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) has sent the matter to the Deputy Commissioner, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Let the district authorities take the necessary measures. to verify and send the report to the government," he said.
“Therefore, I have directed the Chief Engineer and the Engineers to do whatever is necessary (to repair the bridge),” he said, adding that if it rains, the repair could take about a day.
When this lockdown ends, you may see more of my writings because I have a lot of work to do.
The most different is the sohpdung, because the ancients used to make sohpdung or skum from the plants that grow in the hands of the shrah.
These trucks have registration numbers NL-01L-8448, AS-01K-0383, NL-01AB-2571 and AS-01GC-9
Referring to the UDP's demand for a replacement leader, the HSPDP said it cannot say anything yet, as it is waiting for the ARPA meeting which may be held on Tuesday. next week.
The project will strengthen and modernize the electricity distribution system, reduce costs and improve the electricity distribution system in the state.
The Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, MLA of the area, officers and residents of the area came to lay the foundation stone. It started on Tuesday in Amlarem.
“We have made it clear in Mukroh to Conrad Sangma that if he keeps his promise that the border settlement in the second phase will be within 45 days, it will not happen like that in Mukroh.
The Seng said that if these students of this school cannot get adequate education how can the government think for them and demanded that the government should take responsibility. and also to find ways and means so that these students can receive proper training before they prepare themselves to write their examinations.
Speeches were also delivered by the office bearers of the VO, including Kong Fitby Syrti, who explained the short story of the VO during its one-year journey. It has been able to complete up to 12 activities during this year, ranging from tree planting, cleanliness, celebration of Independence Day and providing assistance to those in need such as to the villagers, when there is marriage registration in the village, to look after the welfare and peace and order in the village and other good deeds.
The sacrifice to the goddess Nartiang and the thanksgiving to the ancestors of Nartiang who established the market has increased.
The beneficiaries are more than 430 households from villagers and non tribals.
If it is said that you should be punished, because that will be like a warning to the driver and the owner of the vehicle, they say, can you pay for a human soul? They say, 'It's no longer useful when the moina comes out of the body.
The MLA said this at a meeting held at Mawklot Presbyterian Secondary School where he has donated 5,00,000 tyngka for the construction of a new classroom at the school.
Nongstoiñ, June 30: The existence of the Community Health Center in Mawthengkut in these days is no longer meaningful, as many people especially those who are seriously ill and in need of urgent assistance, are facing many problems due to the There is a shortage of doctors at the hospital, as there is only one government doctor and one Ayush doctor.
Regarding the deterioration of the Shillong-Jowai road, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the deterioration of the road is from Mawryngkneng to Rum and as soon as the sky is clear, the improvement of this road will start.
“We are the children of Hynniewtrep from the beginning.
UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that if in other states like Mizoram, Nagaland, Bihar, Tamil Nadu and other states in India, the people have allowed the private parties to rule. Why don't the people of Meghalaya do the same to allow the UDP to govern themselves?
This fact was witnessed not only by the agricultural experts in charge of the Pynursla Block but also by the farmers of Nongtyngur, Wahkdait and neighboring villages as well as the farmers of many villages in the Pynursla Block. Ri-Fear.
As a director he should be a leader, advisor, supporter and friend of other fellow doctors and even of other staff of the hospital.
“The EC has decided to ban the use of plastic in all the markets within the KHADC boundary and now the Syiem of Sohra Hima has been invited and the Syiem has agreed to cooperate with the Council,” he said. , said the market EM.
In a letter sent to the DC Ri Bhoi and signed by KSU leaders, including Ferdynald K Kharkami, President KSU Ri Bhoi, Samla Banjop Maring, Secretary Education Cell of KSU Ri Bhoi, and Samla Johnpaul Sohpdang, said that the students have faced difficulties due to the government's restrictions on travel.
Local MLA Shitlang Pale also came to support the demand of the people that the Block Head-Quarter should be located in Lumshnong.
It is said that Bor Manik Syiem, Syiem of Mylliem also took part in the fight along with Titot Singh against these powerful French Governments.
The PGI points and ranks by the States/UTs in 2020-21 are an indication of the appropriateness of the PGI approach.
He said that the DC of Ri Bhoi District has admitted that the land which has been seized by Assam still falls under Meghalaya according to the documents. The DC of Kamrup has already spoken to the DC of Kamrup in this regard to stop the ban. The ASTC office has been built so that it will not affect the peace and order in the Khanapara area, said Samla Kharkamni.
Furthermore, not only this constituency but others are also facing the problem if it is not for the road it may be for other development projects that they cannot implement properly.
It is said that he also helps those who are less able and not equal to the more intelligent students.
Electricity Minister AT Mondal said that the improvement will be completed before the arrival of Lyiur.
With this victory, it has now paved the way for Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal to continue leading the AAP government for the third term.
Jowai, Nailar 10: As part of the implementation of the order of the Chief Secretary of the State Government through letter No.FOR/CC/2/2017/9
The Indian troops have demanded that China withdraw its base, but when it refused, the base was burnt down and immediately, the clashes began. China has alleged that it was the 16th Bihar Regiment who set fire to the camp.
Others who have not been released are in other districts like Nongpoh.
Nongpoh, June 06: About 30 factories from Byrnihat area have attended the one-day training program on the Annual Survey of Industries 2021-22 conducted by the National Sample Survey Office (NSSO). ), Government of India and Byrnihat Industries Association on the 5th of this month at the Conference Hall of Maithan Alloys Ltd, Byrnihat.
As the party, we demand that he should produce evidence to prove that those who came to shout 'Ha U Prah' are members of the party or were ordered by us as the party,” he said. VPP spokesperson Dr. Batskhem Myrboh said in a statement.
Bajop said that the name of Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaïawmoit was signed as a witness on behalf of the Executive Committee of the Council.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya today distributed cash, pigs, machinery, interest free loans and other equipment to the farmers in Paham, Demdema so that they can earn money. and stand on your own feet to support and fill your household.
Shillong: There have been 77 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 120 recoveries have been made today.
Shillong: The outage of mobile cell one in Sohra, Pynursla, Dawki, has caused a lot of anger among thousands of mobile users in the area. you have been affected.
Ranikor, July 31: The Returning Officer of the 35th Ranikor (ST) Assembly Constituency, Mawkyrwat has issued a public announcement that due to the holding of elections for the election of the Leader. Nomination papers for the 35th Ranikor (ST) Constituency should be submitted to Bah Banteilang J. Kharshandi, Returning Officer, 35-Ranikor (ST) Constituency or to Aldrin L. Bareh, Assistant Returning Officer, Room No.9 of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District between 11 am and 3 pm on any day (except for holiday) not later than 3 pm on June 7, 2023.
The amount released for the payment of land rent so far is T.49,45,96,111, said Dr Laloo and added that T.8 crore remains in the hands of the Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi for the purpose. this work.
Other sports in the state have not been popular even cricket which is very popular in India but in this state it has not received much recognition from the people.
He said that there is no point or benefit in electing the candidates of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) because they have not reached anywhere. Byrnihat.
Maharashtra has 288 members and 145 members are needed to rule the state.
“A brief step back to understand After I have said this, I would like to remind you a little bit about the Mangtyngka Session of the Legislative Assembly in October this year.
Mukesh Goyal, Managing Director of Chandralaxmi Hospital, in the same district of Uttar Pradesh, raised his hands and said, “I don't have oxygen, I don't have medicine, I can't accept patients anymore.” He also wrote to the district authorities to take over the management of the hospital.
Jalayiah UTD also qualified for the semi final.
Especially a theological school where the Church cannot receive grants or schemes from the Secular Government for operating expenses and has to rely entirely on the support of the members of the Church.
Speaking to media, Bah Chyne said, “This is the Budget Session where the List of Businesses has been distributed to the members of the House. Mang Tyngka has been prepared.
He urged the residents to follow and obey the government's directives to fight against this disease.
The truth will come out, she said, expressing confidence that the trial will come as it should.
After a while, a team of Assam Police led by Border Magistrate West Karbi Anglong, Assam Robert Tualor, DSP P.S. Gogoi and others rushed to the scene to stop the road construction.
It is here that we see the stinginess and corruption and the lack of fear of people against this disease.
Furthermore, he must also have the knowledge of how to lead those who are led, and he must be a good observer of the future.
It is these children who show that they are children of free will or children who have been deceived by their parents or even by their own parents. they have no power over them.
Speaking in the House, Bah Himalaya said that farmers are facing many problems due to the high price of synsar, tyrpad leaves and sohmrit.
We don't see anymore those fighters in this age, who speak and defend the rights, the share of the goods and especially to create opportunities to help the families who have given their trust.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) in Ri Bhoi District today visited several foreign shops in Borbhuin, Byrnihat and other foreign shops. During the inspection, the HANM found that many of the shops they inspected did not have proper documents.
He was convicted of burglary, attempted robbery and stealing belongings from the house.
They said that if Assam alleges that Meghalaya has encroached on its land, it is unfounded.
Ms.Rajeshwari GayakwadGrade C1
It is true that we produce many who have passed Matric, BA, B.Sc, B.Com and other higher degrees but their skills and knowledge are very low.
He served as a missionary in Ri Khasi for more than 37 years.
The protest will be held tomorrow, which is the anniversary of the party, and after the 23rd, the party will take other strong measures.
He said that at present, the shops in Ri-Lum Jaintia are owned by other ethnic groups who are the authorities of the party, so it is necessary for the members of the party to go to the District Council to demand that they should not issue NOC to foreigners.
The MLA said this in a meeting with 10 Self Help Groups (SHGs) in Umphrew in the presence of Rangbah Shnong D.Sohshang, former Rangbah Shnong Bah E.Langstieh, leaders of Village Organization and others held at Umphrew LP School.
I urge the government to put aside the political differences, but to go to the experts to revive this great disaster,” he said.
They also sent phone calls to the family members to bring up to 5 or 6 lakh rupees to release them.
From the start of the match, Umkseh played hard and Dibastar Rani scored two goals in the 16th and 30th minutes.
Such a difficult issue cannot be resolved merely by putting on the table the documents from both sides.
Lydia, who had been awake since she was four o'clock in the morning, had done all the morning work.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 24: The Coordination Committee of WKSU, WYF, MYF and UHM has appealed to the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, regarding the need to install khilon. at all borders of West Khasi Hills, as a welcome to foreign tourists and from outside the District, as well as to identify the starting and ending points of the District.
According to sources, it is suspected that the driver of the truck was so sleepy that he could not keep his eyes from sleeping and could not control the vehicle. and caused them to go and rob the shop.
“But before the letter comes from the government, we have decided to inform the government to ensure that these powers should not affect the district council courts but to allow them to continue. Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday immediately closed down the Indoor Sports Training Hall Judo at Polo, Shillong. Sports Secretary, Bah Franky Kharumnuid and members of the organization along with several children who played Judo.
In the field of General Medicine, there is Dr. DS Sethi, who is also a Cardiologist.
In this regard, Jesus likens Israel to that fig tree, saying, “Now from the fig tree learn her parable: when her branch is now become tender, and putteth forth its leaves, ye know that the summer is nigh;
He was the first Chief Minister of the state in 1969 and the last in
Also present on the occasion were Superintendent of Police Ma Chemphang Syrti, District Sports Officer Ma Khroobok Passah, District Sports Officer Mairang Kong Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer Mairang Kong Balarina Syiem. , East Jaintia Hills District Kong Stephanie.
Shillong Press Club President David Oliver Laitphlang, Shillong Press Club President Monarch Shabong, journalists and other invitees were also present.
Angela Rngad, one of the leaders of the Bhalang, urged the residents not to be fooled by the government's clean words in the name of development.
However, on the 8th of this month, it was found that the office was moved back to Khliehriat without informing the JAC, Wapung C&RD Block or the Dorbar Shnong Wapungskur and the Dorbar Shnong Wapungshnong. the basis that you have to move.
However, before this difficult situation, rain has fallen and the rivers have started to flow to fill the pond where the water level has started to rise in the past few days.
It was not hidden that the RSS leader, Mohan Bhagat, who had recently visited Shillong, was an elderly man who had made the statement that all Indians are Hindus. Even the Constitution of India, in its Preamble, has clearly stated that India is for the benefit of all the people of India. , regardless of race or religion.
He said that the wild sohmrit is a very valuable species and is also in danger of extinction, if not cared for and encouraged to cultivate.
Shillong, October 26: The Congress candidate for the Lok Sabha seat, Vincent H. Pala today said that although the BJP has gone to support the National People's Party (NPP), Party (NPP) but the voters voted for the Congress.
The body of Dr Donkupar Roy was brought from Delhi to Shillong today, buried in Shillong tonight, tomorrow morning at his home in Sohra and buried at his village in Shella on Wednesday.
The Inspector General of Police (IGP) CID, Meghalaya, Bah O.Pasi in a statement, said that a case was registered on 28th March, based on the allegation that Bah GK Ïangrai was involved in the robbery. The construction of the NERS PSAP at Sadar PS Complex.
He said that according to the news, Danggo has left the NPP without the consent of the people but there is no such support from the people.
These three men fled as soon as they saw the police, but after being locked up, the police arrested them. The three men who were arrested were identified as Cornelious N. Sangma, 27, from Assam, Debojit K Marak, 20, from North Garo Hills and Sengkhan K Marak, 20, from North Garo Hills.
He said that as the village headmen of the area, they demand that the government should provide the road from Noapara-Mawïam-syiem-Umthli to Kyrshai, so that dozens of villages can get what they need. Every effort has been made to facilitate the transportation and movement of goods.
The MPCC President said that the installation of these gates on the highways is only a robbery from the people, in which the people themselves are facing a great problem.
The KSU said that it cannot help but blame the government especially MeECL for not being able to provide electricity.
Various government officials who attended the meeting online and offline included Pema Khandu, CM of Sikkim, Alo Libang, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Arunachal Pradesh, Dr. Ampareen Lynndoh Minister. LorhoFoze, MP, Ritu Barman Sarmah, Vice Chairman, AMPRTON, Syeddin Abbasi, Additional Chief Secretary, Rajaraman, former Secretary, Department of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: Several foreign shops along the Guwahati-Shillong road from Tamulkuchi 13mer to Khanapara have been closed down after learning that the CEM and The Enforcement of KHADC has stopped issuing Trading License to foreign shops.
Losingh Lakuna from War East, Holando Lamin from War Central, Hermon Phawa from Mukhla-Wahiajer, Aiborlang Shadap from Barato Mukroh and Rikut from War Central have been announced today. Andrew Shulla of Jowai Central.
He said that EVMs and VVPATs will be used in this election. For the smooth running of the election, the Election Commission will convene a meeting tomorrow with all political parties to discuss and seek authority. The Central Government has increased its vigilance to ensure that there is no interference in the elections.
Bellingham thought he had scored in the sixth minute of injury time after heading the ball but the referee Gil Manzano had already scored the first goal before kicking the ball.
“This request for an explanation is groundless and meaningless,” said Dr. Myrboh and added that the party strongly condemns this and expresses its deep sorrow over this incident. the behavior of the Government officials who run the state.
Goodman lived in a house across the street from the girl's home and the girl was often referred to as Serabi.
After this, she lodged a complaint against the SVS Pharmacy for the negligence of the employees who gave her the wrong medicines and which led to the loss of her children. According to the investigation and after investigation, the reason for this mistake was that they could not recognize the doctor's sign written on the The medicine slip that the woman took to the pharmacy was given to her with 'Misoprostol' instead of the medicines that the woman should have taken and to build up her health. her body and these children she bore.
Shillong, June 23: The Executive Committee of the Sengkhihlang will meet on the 27th of this month at 10 am at the office of the Sengkhihlang at KR Complex Motphran, near the office of Kynjatshai.
College of PM Marak who is a teacher in Economics and in Economics there are two vacancies but he said that an English teacher has been appointed.
You don't have to worry about it.
The CMU will employ personnel for the State Management Unit, District Management Unit, Entry Point and Quarantine Centre, and the cost of the CMU will be Rs 5.05 crore.
“We want to complete the work by May and the commissioning and testing will be completed within a month before the end of April,” he added.
“The meeting decided to give full support to the government's policies and measures regardless of the ethnic group or language they speak,” said Ma Pale.
Looking back in the past years, the District Council has never taken responsibility for the pollution of the Lukha River and the council itself has never addressed why the Lukha River is blue and the fish are dying.
Furthermore, it was decided that the villages near Khanduli should stop trading with the Karbis.
Umshangïar, who won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 113 runs for the loss of all wickets in 17.2 overs.
The BJP has also promised to build two medical colleges, three medical colleges, nursing training centers and create 50,000 jobs in the next five years.
The ULFA-I has banned GP Singh from taking over the Assam police department, or the party will carry out another bomb blast.
In another development, the Dorbar of Chiefs of Hynniewtrep, today announced that the 17th November 2017, is the 182nd Anniversary of the death of Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. He died in prison in Dhaka on the grounds of establishing and maintaining an independent Khasi rule, and this goal of Syiem Tirot is still alive today.
The meeting was conducted by Bah A.Nongbri, ADC East West Khasi Hills.
Sonowal said that this will help in strengthening the health care system and the provision of medicines to improve the physical and mental health.
Meghalaya scored 365 runs for the loss of all wickets.
The meeting to elect the RDA candidate will be held on November
Besides him, there are other older ministers like Prestone Tynsong, Ampareen Lyngdoh and Paul Lyngdoh who have been Ministers in the past years in charge of various departments.
I'm not sure what to do with Arden.
New Delhi: Farmers from Punjab have entered Haryana on their way to Delhi to demand that the Indian government should repeal the Farm Bill.
Nongpoh: Umden Area Local Taxi Owners & Drivers Association (UMTA) has won the title of the Taxi Owners & Drivers Association (UMTA) Football Tournament. Umshaken Sports Club by 5-2.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held by Ma Fedrick Synnah, former Chairman of Mihmyntdu Catholic Church. Smith Phawa's house.
“The Constitution of the party clearly states on the election of the President of the Party and other leaders, but you have gone beyond this, if you want to hold the post of President why don't you just say that we will call a General Convention. "said the letter from Pyndap to Adelbert.
Ebran said that during the lockdown many families have been affected in terms of income because they have not been able to go to work and while they have anything they have had to earn money and in these two months they have had to suffer. to provide for the needs of the household, but the quickness of this organization has helped them to get food items.
The Sordar Shnong urged the women and the youth to grow in the future.
Do we ever think about how to protect ourselves from breathing with clean air and clean drinking water?
Shillong, November 14: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, has continued to criticize the introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes by the NDA government as a flagrant decision without considering the people.
Shillong, March 10: After Lapynshai Kharmalki was taken to the Civil Hospital this morning due to a sudden illness due to injury to her body, the President of the Seng ki The young man was taken to Nazareth Hospital.
“In July 2021, we six teachers of government aided colleges lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court and on the 5th of this month the court canceled this notification. of the government,” said Brightstar.
The Government of Meghalaya will go to Delhi to seek assistance from the Human Resource Development Department of the Central Government so that training institutions like the National Institute of Open Schooling and NCERT can provide training to our teachers.
The talks have already started and we hope that the full peace talks will start soon between the HNLC and the central and state governments and they will sit down again soon on this issue”.
Zawahiri took over as al Qaeda chief after the death of Osbama bin Laden in July 2011, after bin Laden was killed by US troops at his residence in Abbottabad, Pakistan.
The hotel has 101 rooms and will be built according to the modern standards.
The Rangbah Shnong, who is surprised, is only in the payment of money to the contractors, which the government has promised, which has not been implemented yet and said that from Mawpat alone, there are 1,084 contractors. tenants, who have been registered, of whom none has so far received the money.
He advised the students to have a goal in their lives so that they can prepare how to achieve success in their lives and also to avoid the shortcomings that can affect the their studies.
Before the speech, Bah PD Sangma Deputy Commissioner gave a keynote address and explained about the struggle of our ancestors to get the state. completely.
The Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills, Jowai in a statement said that Kyrshanlang Sungoh of Mookhap village has been found guilty of rape and charged under the provisions of the U.S.C. /S 376 IPC. After the hearing, the Sessions Judge, MHJS, NA Khan, West Jaintia Hills District, has sentenced the accused to 7 years imprisonment. A fine of T.5000/- (San thousand) and if the fine is not paid, he shall be imprisoned for six months.
Rimiki said that this family which lives in a slum has never received any poor assistance or scheme from the government.
why don't you go to the place where you don't have to go?
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui on Friday said that a member of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) Emanuel Suchen has been arrested this morning. Wait for the police station in Khliehriat.
Where will the poor get the money to pay at once? MeECL should have thought carefully how to collect the money it is entitled to from all whether they are the public or factories or government agencies.
Because we understand that the Word of God says – “All things were made by him; and without him was not any thing made that was made.
Anju Begum, Smt.
Before the break, Laitkyrhong scored two more goals through Samboklang Kurkalang in the 68th minute and Secondlystar Mylliem in the 75th minute to secure the victory.
Speaking to media, Samla Baiateilang Lapang said that during the inspection, he also talked to many people from shopkeepers, commercial vehicle drivers and others. The residents of the area have been suffering for decades and there is no maintenance of this road. The most sad thing is that the poor, sick and suffering women have been suffering from this road. It is difficult to pass through this road.
He said the government has already started implementing the plan within 100 days from the date of formation of the new government.
Residents of various shops, factories, owners of guest houses/homestays, restaurants, government offices, private offices, schools and other educational institutions should participate in this cleanliness drive.
Therefore, the village has already requested the Right to Information from the PHE office in Mawkyrwat.
Therefore, Buhsing Syiem gathered his ministers to think about how to do about it. After thinking about it, they decided to do about it. to move to another place, and to become one's own dwelling place, rule, and court.
He said that roads, bridges and others should be good for the development of the state. The proposals of the state government have already been submitted to the Commission.
The court has directed the District Administration and the District Council to consider immediately to resolve the issue so that the garbage can be removed from Jowai and to ensure that there will be no outbreak of any serious disease, especially Water-borne diseases are diseases caused by waterborne diseases due to the heavy rainfall in the past few days.
“We will submit a letter to the Governor Tathagata Roy on Monday, saying that we are in short supply,” said Pyniaid Sing Syiem of the NPP and former Dy.CEM of KHADC. He admitted that there are two more MDCs from the UDF who have the willingness to join hands with the UDA but he has not confirmed their names.
Regarding this answer, the reporter went to ask the shopkeepers in the market square who live near the shops selling milk, where they said that they have seen with their own eyes that the milk is not available to them. “People have brought their own daju to carry mluh,” said one of the clothes vendors.
Thus, the discussion began to intensify and Prof. Majaw with confidence responded.
If you win MLA/MDC, you can freely spend the government money which is the money of the people.
Photographer Diana Knight has taken a beautiful picture of a kingfisher helping to carry a fish in the mouth of her husband. she is still caught out of the water to feed the little ones, who are in the skum.
Speaking as the chief guest, MDC, Bah RR Kharbuki, expressed his happiness that the Shnong has been able to build this tourist attraction which is a blessing to the people. residents to increase their income through the arrival of tourists whether from the state or from other states.
The JSM, KSU, FKJGP and HNYF on Tuesday held a meeting at Ladrymbai on the issue of foreign coal traders in East Jaintia Hills District.
Nongpoh: Leaders of Young Minds, which is one of the youth groups with the aim of promoting traditional food, today came forward and announced their intention. The Indigenous Food Festival will be held on the 11th of this month at Liarbang, Bhoirymbong.
On the other hand, Bah Titos admitted that what happened on that day shows the failure of the district administration to ensure that peace and order will be maintained.
“In the Khasi, we say ki kur ki kha, kur means the kur of my mother, kha means the kur of my father, which means we also have a custom of thanking meikha, we respect and we have our own unique identity to distinguish us from other nations.
On this occasion, 20 groups from Ranikor Constituency presented him with ryndia jaiñ ryndia and momentous pictures.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongthliew Circle today met with the Director of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department (KSU) Nongthliew Circle at his office. The union also submitted a petition to demand the relocation of the Veterinary Aid Center at Umthlong, West Khasi Hills from the jurisdiction of the District Office. Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, West Khasi Hills, Nongstoin.
“Bah Kyndiah has never lost an election in his life and this shows that the people trust him,” said Mondal. skilled in politics.
Some members strongly alleged that Singh's family had gained access to the vote because they were illegally appointed to the Bihar sports federations.
Nongpoh: Parisha Eleven have won their first title in the T-15 Independence Cup Cricket Tournament 2019 after beating Newstar Sports Club 2-0 52 runs.
Earlier, Bah Pynshngain, while raising the issue, said that according to the 6th Schedule of the Constitution, it is not mentioned that the government should appoint MDCs but it is the Governor after sending and the district council.
Shillong, March 24: The Jirang Block Congress Committee (JBCC) has been dissolved before he resigned from the Jirang constituency. organization.
The artists are Benjamin Marbaniang and Genevieve Nongrum.
The leader of the students' union said that Wikiru Shylla came to teach at the school on 4th November, 2013 and taught only for 33 days in 2013 and after that he did not come to teach anymore. days in 2014.
Finally, I would like to express my opinion to all my fellow citizens especially the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep that it is the duty of each and every man to work for the day, to earn a living, to provide for themselves. to love and care for our wives and children whom we have received with love from the time we made our promise.
Besides the speeches of the chief guests, short speeches were also delivered by Bah Isagahah Lawryniang, BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block and Bah S. Marweiñ, MCS, BDO C&RD Block, Ranikor.
So far, the State Athletics Team has won 2 gold, 4 silver and 8 bronze medals, making a total of
Regarding the festival, the organizers said that besides these objectives, the Young Minds will continue to conduct charity activities with the proceeds of the festival. Strawberry farmers in Ri Bhoi.
There was also the Lehniam Datlawakor which was a football match between Sangot and Langdoh in which Langdoh won.
Port Louis and Mauritius.
Up to 16 students who passed SSLC and HSSLC were awarded the 1st Maitshaphrang Academic Award.
The KSU urges all those poiei under the umbrella of the CWC to be careful not to get injured because the KSU will not sit idly by and listen to the complaints of these poiei. “The KSU feels that if those CWC officials feel too tired in Meghalaya, they should immediately return to their hometowns, Bangladesh and do whatever pleases you in your own land.
“It is important to open a safe path for the top leaders and members of the HNLC. To ensure our safety,” he said. it will build confidence and open the way for us to participate in the discussion.
The agreement was signed by the Chief Minister, Defense Minister, Roshan Warjri, Garo Hills Division Commissioner, Peter Ingty, Commissioner and Secretary, Political Department. J.Lyngdoh, Chief Secretary PBO Warjri were also present.
The State Government has sent a message to the Central Government on these two demands and has also made it clear that regarding the allocation of seats in the Legislative Assembly, the Central Government does not want to change the the Constitution.
Shri.Dipak Kumar Saha, Assistant Teacher, Govt.
Regarding the withdrawal of MLAs from the Congress party, he said that at first he felt it was a difficult task but he alone felt that he should not resign or back down but fight until he wins.
If this is not infected from those around him, the cause of the disease may be from patients who have worked with him and if the new case does not come from these two, it is certainly a personal contact with him. u virus; so if we base it according to the logic is that there were imported medical devices that carried the virus and Dr. Sailo who used those devices became a refugee.
He alleged that the Modi government has ruled alone and has killed the freedom of speech and has violated the rights of Indians by restricting the food and drink. of a man.
On the other hand, Maïanbok Marweiñ received the Special Prize as the Best Athlete of the championship.
Speaking to reporters, Mahua Moitra said that if the truth were as alleged that the TMC government in East Bengal is so corrupt, the people of this state would not have won. The party is three times three times.
Angela Rangad said that the victims have put forward nine demands from the DC, including to issue a notice or order regarding the closure of houses on that day, ai The order issued to carry out this crime on a holiday and what is the reason for the raid on the holiday, give the order why private security agencies and police were used, to give the status of The FIR was lodged in July 2012, the law should be fair to everyone but it doesn't work when lodging others. According to Article 21 of the Constitution, people have the right to housing and shelter and even the order of the Supreme Court cannot destroy them. the house is full of people.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: As Meghalaya has faced a severe shortage of electricity in the state, the government has decided to turn to other sources of electricity such as solar energy. wind and dust.
Mrs. 1 Nartiang Constituency: 1st Prize: 30,000/-, 2nd Prize: 20,000/-, 3rd Prize: 10,000/-.
In that Millennium Jesus will appoint over comers, “He that overcometh, I will make him a pillar in the temple of my God, and I will write upon him the name of my God; and I will hear the name of the city of God, the new Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God. He who has ears to hear, let him hear!” Revelation 3:12-1
When raiding Singh's residence, the CBI recovered Rs 11.47 lakh and old notes of Rs 26.49 lakh. They said that they have been punished three times for the seizure of these money.
On the other hand, an earthquake occurred at 9:00 pm at Lad Lum Tongseng village before Sunapur, East Jaintia Hills District. Shillong, Jowai and Silchar will be closed for traffic.
He also urged the government to resolve the border issue as soon as possible as the farmers are not at peace in the area.
The Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing, Chairman of the Jowai District Dorbar, said that there is a new kur in the Malia District, but the Dorbar unanimously refused to accept this jait. 'Malia' as a kur because it has never been heard before in the Elaka.
The program was sponsored by MACS and delivered speeches by Malvy Tariang, Counselor of MACS at Civil Hospital, Jowai. Shillong, Jymmang 18: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has admitted that there has been a failure of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly. you are one.
No form or slip is required to withdraw up to T.20,000 and T.2,000 from banks, as part of the collection of these funds from the market.
These women said that they had heard through social media that there was a meeting of the VPP, so without any pressure they came to join hands to support.
The Directors of the Sahitya Akademi will be in Shillong along with other younger writers from different States of India as well as from our State.
Meghalaya has joined the rest of the country to celebrate the launch of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra, a transformational initiative aimed at bringing jobs to unreached areas and the delivery of employment opportunities. scheme Government.
After this, the seeds were distributed to 29 chicken farmers from 14 villages, who came to participate in the one day training.
It is on this basis that the family members have informed the law enforcement agencies.
Rangad said that as a minister, he should resign without demanding if he has responsibility for the state, in order to allow a clean investigation into the incident in which a child was raped in hotel of your family.
The Committee has given its views after holding several meetings with experts in this field and also those involved in this field along with input from groups such as the Association of Radio Operators of India.
In the 2nd Division, Laitkor beat Jongksha 2-1
Therefore, if Christ had not been raised from the dead by God, it would have been in vain to preach the Gospel of Christ through many means through various media, especially in this new age, and that faith would have been in vain. and Christians will be called liars if Jesus had not been raised from the dead.
From other sources, it was learned that these coals, which have been released for sale within three months, may also have an agreement with the owners of the coal, that the proceeds from the sale may go to the relevant department. look for the preservation of the environment, to restore the beauty of the environment from the damage caused by the sale of coal.
The Village Leaders of Mylliem, Madan Ingsyiem have apologized for the incident of burning of Rangbah K.Nongrum on 11th July 2017 and at the same time they have proposed to the DC to find a suitable burning ground from the Part of the Mylliem Khasi Association.
There will also be heavy rainfall in some parts of the state.
From 16th October to 31st October 2024, T.18 lakh 92 thousand and five tyngka, 16,206.69 liters of liquor worth T.28.94127, 923936 grams of drugs were seized. .139.0892; There are 1083 donations worth T.
Those daughters of Kni laughed and felt sorry for her brother from the village.
' “May this writing of mine open the way for you to try to think differently or to ask questions.
The program was enriched by dances and songs by the students and teachers.
There is no intention to relocate the existing office, but it is necessary to think how to expand and improve this department over time.
It is worth mentioning that in the past few months, the HYC has gone around the area to explain to the public.
Regarding interstate movement, the government is still setting the same rules.
And this shows that man is under the control of Satan at such a time.
East Khasi Hills district has the highest number of disabled persons with 10374 while South West Garo Hills district has the lowest number of disabled persons with 126 persons.
Youth Social Welfare Pynthor will play against Nangbah Mooknor at 10 pm while Tpep-Pale will play against Lumkhangdong Kyndongtuber at 12 noon.
Meanwhile, KHNAM MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit said that the passing away of Sohtun is a great loss to the people of Laitkroh constituency.
On the same day, the Rangbah Kur Syiemlieh, Secretary, Bah Roland Syiemlieh, gave a speech of encouragement. The meeting was conducted by Bah Crosstarwel Syiemlieh. Jespar King.
He added that the Higher Secondary Schools in Sohkha and Nongtalang have been renovated.
“The KSU does not want to create conflict between the two communities but it cannot be a spectator of the violence against our people from time to time,” he said.
However, all these precious things will gradually disappear from our heritage that we have inherited from our ancestors.
Nongstoiñ, March 24: The Nongstoin Social Service Society (NGOS) supported by MISEREOR from Germany and Caritas India, on Saturday, The Indigenous Vegetable Market was held to promote the produce of the farmers.
During the inspection, the KSU found that the Assam Government has a real plan to build a Police Outpost in another area which is the village forest of Khatkasla and Psiar villages.
Shillong: U BJP MLA and Health Minister Alexander L Hek on Tuesday said that if they have time to meet with Union Home Minister Amit Shah, they will take all the issues that can bring benefits to the people in the state.
The group includes three UDP MDCs Teinwell Dkhar, Donkupar Sumer and Rona Khymdeit, two KHNAM MDCs Adelbert Nongrum and James Ban Basaiawmoit. HSPDP candidates Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Teilinia Thangkhiew, four Independent candidates Morningstar Mawsor, LG Nongsiej, James Sylliang and Gracemary Kharpuri.
Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy, Ms. LM Iangap, Principal, teachers and students.
He said that the DSC is a source of employment for the youth in this time of unemployment, but although the youth have passed various examinations in the past years, the government has not been able to produce The resolution has brought a lot of attention to the youth.
On this issue, one of the elders who is a resident of Jowai, OR Challam said that Iawmusiang is a market that has existed since ancient times and is also the largest market in the state.
Taking part in the discussion on the issue of power struggle against the Executive Committee, Bah Nongrem handed over a letter received from the CEM's office stating that the equipment was stolen. The old KHADC building has been renovated and placed in the Council.
The PAC has also directed the Transport Department to ensure that the Weight Bridge at Umling in Ri-Bhoi and 7 Mer in West Jaintia Hills should pay Tk. .7 crore which the department has not collected yet.
Hep did the same.
Phidalia also violated the Representation of Peoples Act,
Why is the curfew imposed ? Who will walk at night? MOTPHRAN SAYS: NIGHT CURFEW MEANS THAT TRUCKS CARRYING DEWIONG WILL TRAVEL AT ONLY CHILLOONG: There are 32 cases of covid in the state. day and there is another death.
We have done this so that the tourists to this state can use these vehicles when they want to go anywhere and this will also be part of the development of tourism in this state. the state” said the Prime Minister.
Shillong: Shops selling food items in Shillong will be open from 5th to 10th November
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the unions of NEHUTA, NEHUSU and NEHUNSA, has protested against the silence of the Vice Chancellor (VC) of NEHU. Students and teachers were inside NEHU but there were no classes as the JAC has decided to continue the strike indefinitely.
In fact, instead of working together and building development projects in the state, there is a self-destruction.
What is the purpose of Pentecost? We read in the Gospel of Mark 16:15, Jesus told His disciples, “Go into all the world and preach the gospel to every creature...” That is the and Jesus knew that his disciples could not accomplish that great commission in their own strength, so he told them to wait in Jerusalem until they were clothed with purple. the power of heaven (Luke 24:49; Acts 1:4).
“As a mother in charge of health, I will work hard to take responsibility for my fellow mothers who are still giving birth to their children so that we can provide the best and most appropriate health care. ," she said.
Speaking to reporters, MSSASA President Aristotle C Rymbai said that the MSSASA has already sent a petition to the Chairperson of the State Education Commission on 1st March and to transfer 12541 SSA teachers who are not already from the State Implementing Society to the State Education Department according to the RTE/SSA norms.
Speaking to reporters, Betrand Tochukwu Ikwuka said that his meeting with the Minister of Justice was to request him that the state government should send back the Nigerians who have been arrested. other than imprisonment in this state.
The union has given 10 days to resolve the shortcomings in the police station and this will be the last time that the union will appeal to the authorities, but if the government does not believe, the union will not accept. Other measures have been taken to close down the Police Station at Umsohlait.
They went to the house of the king of Jaintia, Rajendra Singh, and attacked him; and all the house of the king was taken away.
We also have to thank God that as of now, the members of the family are healthy and there are no signs of the disease, except for two who are still undergoing treatment.
The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) has already submitted a petition on 30th November 2023 demanding the immediate repeal of the rule. For those who have no experience or work experience.
The World Bank also lamented that India has not released a census of the poorest people since
The Jews in Israel did not recognize that Jesus was the Son of God sent by God from heaven, they did not proclaim or believe in his name, but they rejected him.
These are among many others given in the 59 page Amendment which also includes the list of names of approximately 520 Shnongs according to the Raids in the Hima Mylliem.
“On the order of the Court to the Government to submit a report on the condition of the National Highway-6, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the maintenance of this road has been completed.
On the other hand, Bah George B Lyngdoh, said that after the inspection of the bridge by NHAI officials and some organizations, they found that the bridge is no longer safe for vehicles and vehicles. this is because the trucks passing through this bridge are overloaded.
He said that they will be paid like other employees of the District Council by depositing their salary in their bank accounts on the 10th or 2nd of every month.
“I urge the Community and Rural Development Department to look into this so that the bills of the villagers will not be delayed,” said the opposition leader.
During the rainy season, many people experience skin problems, these problems can include skin rashes, minor rashes, skin rashes and others.
Nehru said that according to reports, it was not the ticket that was given to him, but it was only the approval of the UDP Pynursla Circle, which chose his name according to their census. .
Women turned out in large numbers on Tuesday to elect the new MLA of Sohiong constituency.
We are sorry because we are a poor family and your son comes from this better family.
“Initially we were fighting with other groups from abroad to run the farm because we were expecting to make a profit and we didn't think that this disaster would happen and we would have to use our own land to fill it,” he added. .
The Indian government wants to follow China's policy.
Bhupender Singh of the 193rd Battalion of the BSF at Bordup Border Outpost, East Khasi Hills, on Friday at about 10 pm, lodged a complaint. :30 pm, BSF noticed a movement of about 60 to 70 suspected smugglers.
In the U-12 category, the Raptors drew 1-1 while the Raptors won in the U-9 category.
“I don't think that the MLAs from the UDP party will be able to hold the highest positions in this government compared to the time when the NPP held the ministry and when it was held by the UDP. UDP" he said.
It will be relocated immediately from its original location at Mynthong, Jowai to Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai.
The new cases include EGH: 47, EJH: 08, EKH: 220, NGH: 07, RBD: 92, SGH: 18, SWGH: 19, SWKH: 25, WGH: 109, WJH: and WKH: 04.
Friends, let us strengthen ourselves and stand up and fight against corruption, partiality and also the ownership of some families in the administration and politics.
“If the government through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has not paid our bill of T.10, , 35, 579/- until the month of November 2016 (10 lakh 35 thousand 5 hundred 79tyngka), we cannot replace or provide electricity to this PHC because the Government (Health Department) does not take care to pay the “Our electricity bill has been pending for decades,” said Bah M.Patlong.
draw Morning 2- Primary beat Headline 3-1
Reports also said that they confessed that they were doing this to express their strong condemnation of the rule of law in India.
The spread of these news that the market will be opened today has caused the people of this area to come to the market.
The Minister said that the District Collectors should conduct thorough inspections in collaboration with the Agricultural Officers (AEOs) in the districts to inspect and collect detailed information. on the existence of crop damage and forward it to the government.
“We belong to religious churches, and we have no politics with anyone.
Raising this important issue, the CEM of KHADC said that the purpose of bringing this resolution is to see that other ethnic groups who have received the status of ethnic groups in Meghalaya have received all the rights. While the Khasi or the indigenous people of Meghalaya when they go to other states, they are treated as others or as general members.
According to information received, the elderly man is a skilled farmer and owns his own farm near the sports ground of 20 Mer Pahammawleiñ.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 32 cases, 9 cases in high risk and 3 cases in ILI.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Leader of the National People's Party (NPP) and the Second Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the NPP will be able to rule in KHADC and JHADC after the MDC elections to be held on the 27th of this month. month.
“There are more than 2 lakh youths who have registered with the Employment Exchange office and it will take hundreds and thousands of years for all of them to get government jobs.
Shillong, Nailar 12 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie on Friday, 11th July, 2013, today announced that he has already allocated Rs 4 lakh from his MLA scheme for the construction of a football ground in Mawlai Constituency. Umpling Umjathang, Mawsiatkhnam, as part of the promotion of football in the area.
Speaking at the meeting were Kennedy Khyriem, MLA Mawphlang, John F Kharshiing, President of Nongkrem Block Congress, SJ Khongiong, General Secretary of the District Congress Committee and other leaders. this organization.
Shillong: Umroh Sports Club has opened its 5th Aside Football Tournament on the 8th of this month.
The damage to the office was not severe but some of the files, chairs and furniture inside the office were destroyed.
The song, sung by Khambor Nongneng and Mary Nongrum, was released by Teibok Laloo Studio.
It was found that this Syiem of Hima Maharam was the Syiem of all the Khasi and Jaintia Syiems who was the last to surrender to the French Government.
The State Nodal Agency of Meghalaya has received the Best Performing State award for the following categories:-1
In a statement, Bah Shylla said, “My opinion is on the road, not only to win elections for a few people, if the opinion of I am only in the opinion of these two honorable Presidents of the UDP and HSPDP, it is better for me not to put my hope in the Seng Riewlum.
In this case, Meghalaya not only lost all their batsmen, but the team also needed seven runs in the over to win the group match.
Synshar and Bishar Rights in the world are gone. Where the country will go is not known.
“I'm feeling better these days and I'm infected with covid 19, but I'm feeling strong, while I still have to get stronger and play again,” said Chetri.
In a statement, Ernest Mawrie also praised the Prime Minister for implementing the One Nation One Ration Card, which will benefit the people especially the workers who go to work or work abroad. States to receive food items through the ration card to be implemented throughout India.
NEEPCO signed a social agreement with the State Government more than 10 years ago to build a thermal project in Garo Hills which can generate about 500 megawatts of electricity.
He said that after receiving a tip about the auto carrying Ganja, they raided Umpangpur Killing and when they tried to search, they found 2 plastic bags. Ganja.
“They understand that these bandhs and protests have affected their income,” said the SP. The state does not work where there are many groups that play in Khyndailad.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, former President of the Khasi-Jaintia Meat Traders Association, Bah Henik Warjri, who is also the Executive Member of the Meat Traders Association, said that until now, the meat traders have They were shocked when they heard the law, but they didn't want to share it yet.
He said that the Edge10 team will send the results of all the results along with their recommendations to the MSOA and DSYA so that they can send them to all the students via email/softcopy.
"The next two weeks will be very difficult, but we will try to reduce the loss of life and we will overcome it," Trump told reporters yesterday. Mike Pence, Vice President of the Republic.
However, being a leader of any party, especially before elections, is not easy.
On the other hand, Rahul said, “In such elections, the people give us the news, which we have heard”.
Relatives are encouraged to bring their young sons and daughters to attend the dance training.
He was wearing a blue striped shirt, blue scarf, blue jute, gray hat and black blue jacket.
The Khasi people, since the beginning of the world, we have known from our ancestors that we are a unique nation that is self-respecting, self-reliant and righteous according to the law.
At the same time, he said that the most important thing is the joint inspection by the committee together with the committee from Assam and this too cannot be known because the committee from Assam has to be appointed through the chairman.
The presidential election was held today between Droupudi Mormu, the NDA candidate, and Yashwant Sinha, who is supported by various opposition parties in India.
According to the police, the number of these incidents so far has doubled compared to the 928 incidents in the previous years.
“In the month of July, 2024 alone, the Police have registered 6 cases in which seven cases have been reported that people have lost their precious lives and 13 cases have been reported. serious injuries.
The right to earn has been bought by the desire of the people who want to benefit. Recently the problem we see is that foreigners living in our country have become TONGPYNSHIT, KNONGAI They want to incite and incite the YOUTH OF OUR COUNTRY and the NATION to become violent and bloodthirsty. We should not be afraid of these foreigners living in our country who want to destroy the country. JONG NGI.We don't need bloodshed but ONLY LOVE and TO TAKE CARE OF OUR KHASI COUNTRY, OUR FAMILY, OUR NATION, OUR PLACE AND OUR NATION ALL. We have seen that these differences have arisen in these areas where we as a nation have become friends with other nations in India by coming to live for the sake of trade. present and earlier.
“Don't worry, Kmie, I'll do as the lawyer advised me.
For rice, in 2015-16 it was 351 tonnes, in 2016-17 495 tonnes and in 2017-18 it was 1386 tonnes.
Dr WR Kharlukhi President of the NPP, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Rural Development and others spoke at the meeting. leaders.
Jowai, March 03: The Youth Committee of the Kur Sookpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, MLA of Nongpoh, has promised to donate Rs 2 lakh for the implementation of the scheme. Khadar Wyrnai Jowai and the Jowai Presbyterian Youth Assembly today donated blood at the Jowai Blood Bank at Panaliar, Jowai on the occasion of the National Voluntary Blood Donation Day.
The leaders and members of the HNLC have been charged under the IPC and UAPA.
As the opening of the US embassy continues, Israeli warplanes have struck Hamas positions in Gaza, where Hamas militants have turned back troops. Brigadier General Ronen Manelis estimated that the turnout was 40,000 and said Hamas had failed to do anything on that day.
even Barnabas knew the holy day of the Christians as Paul and Silas knew but they just ignored it!!! I'm sorry, but I'll win next time you don't have a poul.
These 6 villages including Sakhri, Umtalen, Sonapyrdi, Shymplong, Borsara and Kuliang under the umbrella of the 6 Village Wah Lukha Association want to make Wah Lukha one of the most famous and beautiful places to attract tourists. international tourists.
“We have seen that tourism is one of the ways to develop the villagers but this village has just reached the road.
Hap weng because you disturb me.
“The Government of Shipor is pleased that the MRSSA has been submitted to the Government of India and we are still waiting for a reply from the Government of India.
He describes the church in a way that we can understand by using the human body as an example.
He said that the union will meet with the Chief Executive Officer of the SMB to inspect the shops of foreigners in the areas under the jurisdiction of the Municipal and to inspect the border crossing. They are the ones who are in the state.
Governments and organizations around the world have started to promote the adoption of these vehicles and have been expanding and improving charging stations.
Although the French had fled, the Dkhars increasingly came to this country like ngaptung and dkhiew to destroy the fish of the country.
“The Lahaleiñ Fish Farmer Producer Organization (LFFPO) has also been registered with the NFDB Hyderabad and the project has been implemented by the VEC Lahaleiñ. They will be good for distribution to fish farmers in the district and in the state.
If we get a candidate who doesn't apply for ticket and doesn't have any hope of winning, we will have a meeting at midnight to take a decision”.
give the names of those leaders of the party who threw stones.
Regarding the allegations of corruption by other parties that used to join the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, Prestone said that these parties have cleansed themselves and thrown away all the allegations against the NPP. “I will tell you one thing, the people have understood now and they are wise and for more than 4 years we have been together. There has never been any problem within this government and also within the parties in the coalition government but suddenly before the elections they started throwing stones at the NPP. I want to say that the people of the state have faith and confidence in the NPP party”.
The day was also enriched by songs and dances by the students.
Speaking on the protests, the residents said that some people urged Paul Makri to flee the scene of the protests twice. CRPF police opened fire on the crowd, but Paul Makri continued to join hands with his fellow KSU members who were protesting in Motphran until he was shot and taken away. go to the Civil Hospital.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 04: The government of Meghalaya and Assam's plan to end the border dispute which has lasted for more than 50 years, has started to succeed in the talks from the beginning of the first round.
Hundreds of Fathers, Sisters and religious leaders such as Brothers came to complete the Aadhaar registration process which was done by a company contracted by the government.
It is also prohibited to decorate the Yungwalieh or the Stage during any meeting or to give food to the meeting.
It was in this same year that the birthday of this great and intellectual was celebrated as “Teacher's Day” as part of the appreciation and honor for the work he has done and which has contributed to the development of the country. the work of the Teacher as “a lampstand that gives light to the travelers in the dark night”.
Bah RM ShabongSngewkmen said that these leaders, when they leave for Delhi, they have told the public about their visit, the purpose of their visit and this is the truth, because when they leave, They spend the money of the people of Meghalaya and it can be said that even the cost of cigarettes is included in the cost of services, which has to be paid by the taxpayer of the State.
A book published by the Nursing Mothers Association of the Philippines explains: It contains all the nutrients to build up the baby's needs as they grow.
Speaking to reporters, Sangma said, “We are still considering these issues as there are many demands for a Police Station across the state and I am one of those who expressed my feelings. We should strengthen the existing Police Stations and implement them 100 percent and review them carefully before proceeding.
We at the MPP are deeply saddened by this and demand an independent investigation to find out the cause of this incident”.
The killing, in which a 14-year-old boy was shot dead, was the deadliest incident on the Gaza border since 2014, in the conflict between Israel and the United Arab Emirates. Palestine: 1,300 people have been injured and 450 of them shot dead, the Palestinian government in Gaza said.
Mawrie said this statement shows the true character of the TMC leaders against the indigenous people of the state and the indigenous people of the country as a whole.
The non-release of the arrears of SSA teachers by the State Government even after 4 years of salary increase is a violation of the rights of teachers as enshrined in Articles 14, 16, and 21 of the Constitution. Government of India and other rights under the law.
Regarding this, the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said, “Why does Bah Adelbert have to force or request the lists to be discussed today? Prestone also requested the Lamphang to delete all the statements of Adelbert from the Proceedings of the House to ensure that such an incident does not happen. it shall not happen in the future, nor shall it cause any trouble in the future.
Replying to a question by UDP MLA from Shella, Bah Balajied K Synrem, Conrad said the State Government has received T.9.67 crore from this scheme. and the year 2022-2
The house was inaugurated by the Coordinator of JHDS Bah Denis Kurkalang and blessed by Fr Manbha Pakem Director JHDS in the presence of the President of KHUBLEI Germany, staff of JHDS and leaders of the Namdong Parish Catholic Church.
On Tuesday, 392 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, four people died, bringing the death toll to 1503 in the state.
He said that even the PHE Electrical office has made it clear that it is not their duty to clean up the shyiap in the river and this may affect the supply of drinking water in the coming days.
He said that the JHADC has received Rs.8.71 crore as its share of the state government's revenue collection on coal from which it should have received Rs.44.69 crore and Rs.20.69 crore from other coal revenues. Minor minerals should have received Rs.21.89 crore in the last year 2015-1
The earthquake measured 4.8 on the Richter scale.
Ba Iphylla – the Rymphum Valleys along with these Kharai and many others which this village has to compare with other places in Khasiland in the originals not as it is now.
At the time of arrest, these 5 persons did not have any weapons in their hands and through their guidance and guidance to a hideout buried in the ground on 23rd June In the morning, about 200 meters from the house where they were hiding, they seized a lot of weapons.
Shillong, Jymmang 31: Meghalaya on Tuesday received the award for the best implementation of projects in the category “The Role of Governments in the Promotion of ICTs for Development”.
He said that the languages ​​of the state have been included in the main subjects to be studied in various examinations in the state.
“Yes, I asked for the report.
The office bearers of HYC Mawdiangsnam Unit are Delingshon Nongsiej President, Leboswell Swangrai General Secretary, Kyrshanlang Swangrai Vice President, Phrainingstar Swangrai Asst Secretary, Gillbertstone Wahlang Secretary Education and others.
As witnessed, there have been many places where there have been clashes related to political activities where so far it has been reported that about five people have been killed in clashes. .
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today rejected the demand of the Sengbhalang to remove the BJP MLAs from the MDA coalition government. The Government has made it clear that it is against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
When Potiphar's wife tried to get him to stay in her room when Potiphar was not at home, Joseph resisted, saying, “I don't want to. against his master and against God.
Shillong: U BJP leader and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek, on Tuesday said that Bah HM Shangpliang is still in the BJP and does not know anything about the NPP. Hek said he had met with Bah HM Shangpliang yesterday.
According to the Sordar Shnong, Bah Bungwell Kharbani, about 70 per cent of the households do not have their own land to farm and live on the land of others.
Shillong: The Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra Shillong, has expressed its gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra Shillong, for providing its right hand and donation. Assistance with rice and dai to some poor households, especially during this time of Covid-19 pandemic in the country and the world where many poor households are facing many challenges especially in terms of food and drink.
Hunbait Nongpluh is the son of Aiban Swer, resident of Chutwakhu, Jowai.
“He said that many of the people of the state especially in the rural areas are not aware of the schemes launched by the central government and to prevent them from benefiting from these schemes, the party is ready to hold with this program from next month.
In a statement issued by the Secretary of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on the 4th of this month, the District Council said, “The Rangbah Shnong, Minister Shnong, Sordar Shnong, Headman and Matabor are The Residential Certificate shall be issued only to the Khasi people as stipulated in the Khasi Lineage Act, 1997, Rules.
The implementation of 144 CRPC today is only the compliance of the DCs and Magistrates with the order of the government.
Due to the construction of the JN Stadium and the cleaning of the First Ground of the SSA, the first leg of the season will be played at the Third Ground of the MFA and all matches will start. at 4 o'clock in the evening.
When contacted by Rupang, the employees of the Meghalaya Transport Corporation Workers Union (MTCWU) have expressed their dissatisfaction with the management of the MTC department which has put them in trouble every day especially in terms of salary. .
Similarly, the Ration Card was named by the father to be the head of the household, but the Prime Minister named the salonsar in the name of the mother. the ration card, from the counting of the father of the household.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: A meeting of Pastors from Ri Bhoi Synod, KJP Synod East and KJP Synod West, held today, to discuss the Marriage Act of the State Government or The meeting expressed its concern and dissatisfaction with the Meghalaya Compulsory Registration of Marriage Act 2012 and the Act as amended in 2015. Since the implementation of the Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872, the church has been following the Act without any error or shortcoming.
The game started with a back and forth to the corners but no one could score.
These are proof that our players are fit and ready to face Karnataka in the final tomorrow,” said Bah Khlaiñ Pyrkhat.
The company also brings on-site and underground car service offerings, and ensures prompt service at more than 150 locations across the country.
Seiñ Jait Tuber Higher Secondary School won two categories in the Best Athlete category including the Under-14 Boys in the 60 meter race led by Mutskhem Sari and the Under-16 Boys in the 60 meter race. 2000 meters was not served.
Convener.
Fullmoon Mukhim was ruled out of the semifinal against Punjab due to injury.
After this, the torch reached various places in the country like the Red Fort in the capital, the Attari Border in Amritsar, the Taj Mahal in Agra and the Vidhan Sabha in Lucknow among other places.
HANM said that even the lenders have been surprised to continue to support because even the old loan has not been cleaned and some have complained that the owners of the houses have sent them out of their houses just because they could no longer pay the rent.
He said that perhaps the road can cover the entry and exit points but it needs the same facilities as the railway line.
When investigating the reasons for the shortage of many SHGs, it was found that there are too many tasks that have to be completed with a long time to provide assistance to these groups.
Shillong, June 02: The Government of Meghalaya has collaborated with the Ministry of Agriculture &amp; The APEDA will hold an International Buyer Seller Meet on 29th October at the State Convention Centre, Shillong.
Shillong, July 19: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Mawlai Circle under the leadership of Bah Marbud Dkhar today expressed its anger after seeing the intention of the Chief Minister to lay the foundation stone. Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday inaugurated the Damalgre Community and Rural Development Block (C&RD) at Rerapara in South West Garo Hills.
This kills some diseases that can kill young larvae.
Furthermore, in the cultural programme, the certificates of participation were distributed to the Saindur Village Organization of Dirang and the Dondima Village Organization of West Rangasora.
So then because thou art lukewarm, and neither cold nor hot, I will spue thee out of my mouth.
He said that the MHSSP does not already have a website and through this the details of the project have been posted so that the public can see for themselves.
“These villages are lagging behind in all aspects and still need development works and therefore to transform these villages, there is an urgent need for the establishment of a Civil Sub-division,” he added. .
This will affect the work because during the rainy season, the workers may not be able to work due to the rain,” he said.
At the meeting, Mukul also sought the assistance of the CM to set up a Boundary Commission to resolve the land dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Vincent said that after talking to the DC to express the grievances of the drivers, the Deputy Commissioner promised that within 15 or 20 days he will complete the release of the election funds. Duty to the owners and regarding the money for the Covid Duty, he said he will follow up.
Goa: Punjab FC Minerva Punjab FC won the Hero Elite League 2018-19 title by beating FC Pune on Saturday in Goa.
Let us submit to God's guidance and pray, "Thy will be done.
The new office bearers of the two units, Umjarasi Unit and Sohlait Unit, were confirmed on 8th November at a meeting held at Nongpoh Dorbar Hall, led by Bah James Hitler Mawphniang. The KSU CEC also took the oath of office from the members of these two units.
Shillong, Naitung : The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongtyngur Unit, Pynursla on Tuesday held the 1st May Academic Award 2021-2 to the students of the area who have done well in various examinations, including SSLC, HSSLC and up to those who have completed various Degree & Master Degree courses.
The burden of the CPC and CRC on the public in the cases is not enough.
The election was attended by the Dolloi of Raliang District, Ma Chawas Lyngdoh.
This book was launched by the Minister Incharge of Mawphlang Hima Bah Hodling Kharshiing at the Kur Dorbar held on 12.10.2019 at the Dorbar Hall of Nongrum Mawphlang.
Keynote address was also delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Loompyrdi Iongpiah, RL Bimee Suwer who outlined the works done by the Shnong as well as the works set targets to be accomplished for the benefit of the Shnong.
“I would like to urge the village authorities and political parties to strongly oppose if they find suspicious people who intend to register voters,” said Dr Mawthoh.
Besides Pynshngaiñ and Hamlet, others who attended the meeting included Ivanlumlang Marbaniang – President PDF, G Laloo Secretary of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Upper Shillong, Rangbah Shnong of Umlyngka u Bah Stephen Lyngdoh, office bearers of the PDF Zonal Committee and others.
Furthermore, the VPP is pleased to say that this will endanger the uniqueness of the Jaitbynriew.
Wimbledon will be a tougher tournament for Murray as it is uncertain whether he will be able to return strongly in his career.
She urged every resident to take responsibility for the cleanliness of the village and to fight for the protection of the environment.
At the same time, it is a poor state – lacking water, lacking electricity, lacking in food production and having to rely on foreign countries, and lack of hardworking, poor people.
He wants the Temple, which is our body.
We are determined for sure, for at least three or four months, we have taken care in relation to their members, that is whether on security and there has also been no arrest, so why would you have “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
At the same time, Bah Pius Marweiñ said that there are some elders who have accused him as a leader that he has not been able to do anything in the past four years for the people. However, it is clear that today, the 5th July, 2023, the people have witnessed with their own eyes these deeds that he has done, even if other leaders who have been in the past for decades have not been able to achieve, but after taking over as leader in only a few years he has been able to achieve the wishes of the people.
“We have to investigate carefully to find out why we cannot win a single seat so that we can know what measures we will take in the next election. I am the member of the Garo Hills Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, Congress MLA Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh said that the Congress is clear that they cannot just watch, but will work with the government to maintain peace and order.
Stefy scored a hat-trick in the 12th, 22nd and 39th minutes.
If a poor villager has to spend dozens of times to run to various government offices, how much does it affect their income?
In the past 10 years, the Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), NER has seized three times snieh kyrbei weighing 68.87 kilos, as well as 11.536 kilos of whale ambergris. 360 grams of hornbills, flame bowerbirds and orangutans are protected by the CITES and Wildlife Protection Act, 1972, which applies to Meghalaya, Mizoram and Assam.
In Ri Bhoi District, there are 3 cases including 1 returnee and 2 high risk cases.
According to the leaders of the Seng Samla Shnong Tynring, even the trees that were cut down from the area, it is not known in what form they were used or where they were taken.
For churches, people should bring their own hymnbooks and Bibles and avoid sharing them.
If you need to go to work early in the morning and if no one is at home, you will lose water.
However, it was Dingko Singh who led her to the 5th National Games (Manipur).
“To select the beneficiaries of this house, we will set up a committee to do whatever is necessary,” said Bah Rynjah.
Romans 11:1-36.
Hundreds of residents of Khliehtyrchi have gathered at the entrance to Pangit to stop any attempt to dump garbage in the area. The Jowai Municipal Board has not yet decided whether to purchase the property or not.
Most of those comments were against the NPP and the government it led.
Hamletson Dohling in his speech said that the number of SHGs in the State has reached 34,000, 1697 in Laskeiñ Block alone and 3253 in West Jaintia Hills District.
These foreigners were said to be strange figures which have never been seen before in Majai despite the ethnic tensions in the village.
Ukraine said the death toll had risen to 352 as of Sunday.
Waheh Shong is the Chairman of any Village and Town Development Council.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Prime Minister said he wants to make it clear that it is difficult for them to turn back now on the implementation of the Roster System as the decision has already been taken to shim after you have taught them all.
“Therefore, the claim by the two state governments and the central government that Meghalaya does not have a clear border is misleading and unfounded.
"“It’s all when it’s clear for things and we want to see if we get a female candidate.
Our parents encouraged us not to be afraid.
The Governor expressed his appreciation for the leadership of the state by JNV student Shilla Bishnab.
Shillong: Two persons, including I Love You Talang, have been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police for involvement in the murder of a taxi driver in Jowai recently.
When asked how to act if the questions are not answered, Bah Lyngkhoi said the Board will punish the school authorities.
On the 24th, there will be a Pomblang Iewduh ceremony, which will be held from 1 pm to 5 pm.
Sohkhlet said the presence of BSF in areas up to 50 kilometers from the border or zeropoint is dangerous and injurious.
Kolkata: The BJP has been defeated by the Trinamool Congress in the mid-term elections in West Bengal.
Earlier, the Minister said that in this fiscal year, the expenditure on wages is Rs 107.46 crore and Rs 316 crore on equipment.
The weapons seized include a 303 LMG, two AK rifles, one H&K rifle, four SBML rifles, three UBGL cells, three AK rifle magazines, two rockets ( RPG), one 9mm magazine, one 9mm carbine magazine, one remote control, one signal booster, 12 IED remote circuits, 30 rounds of AK rifle, five pistols, 2 kilos of gelatin sticks, 66 numbers electronic detonators and nine cleaning devices.
When the curfew has been declared across India, which will last until the end of the month, which can be extended as necessary, it is better to follow and tolerate, because those who oppose without proper reasons. , there are punishments, from the sword, the sword, to the more severe.
The Congress has opened the door for prominent leaders in the state if the party they belong to does not respect them.
Bataw YWSC won the tournament, Rymbai Pohskur SC and Chiehruphi SYWSC won the 1st Division Football Tournament.
Earlier, the Sohiong MLA praised the state government under the leadership of Conrad and Prestone for fighting hard for the development of the country especially for the provision of good roads.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah today held a meeting with the officers of NHIDCL to review the progress of the works on these two roads.
Roypar said that according to Bakshi, the government has requested the EMRI to submit a report to the government on the demands of the workers.
Shillong: “Those before us may have died in old age but we the youth will die in half if we don't do anything to protect the environment,” said the youth at a meeting held at The State Central Library will be opened on 24th June
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: The Khan National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Tuesday urged other political parties not to forget about the Reservation Policy but to come forward and speak out on it. claim.
He said that most of the time people say to eradicate terrorism but they don't remember that terrorism is caused by lack of jobs, income and income.
The monthly salary has been only during the time promised by the Education Minister but this year, they have used the same old system once every 3/4 months without renewal. .
The closing ceremony was attended by Bah Arki Nongrum, CEO of the Meghalaya Football Association as the chief guest and Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, General Secretary of the RBDSA as the chief guest. DSO of Ri Bhoi, Bah R.Kharkrang and others.
Bah Malngiang, who is still undergoing treatment, said he is still eager to play again on the football field but with a thought.
He said that in 2014, 29,25,076 students from this area and 36,00,868 students from other rural areas sat for the SSC examination. There were only 2,69,864 candidates who sat for the examination which is only 1.8 per cent of the total number of candidates in the country.
He said that the land was purchased in 2014 during the tenure of CEM Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit when he signed the Dulir for the purchase of land but the Dulir was not in the office. In this regard, he said the EC will appoint an inquiry.
Office workers in rural areas at 1 pm are ready to leave work.
The report explains the boundaries of the Raid Nongkrem as follows:-East – Mawshai Raid, east – Ri iapngan and Bhoi Lasa, west – Nongkynrih & Laitlyngkot Raid and west – Syiem Mylliem Elaka. Raid Nongkrem has its own original Court, has its own religion and customs and the names of the villages or Shnat Raid within the boundary of the Raid Nongkrem have been signed in the Dulir. 4th May 1930 by the Dewan of Khyrim State, and the chiefs of the Raid Nongkrem, gave the boundaries of jurisdiction to the Shnat Raid which fell under the Ri Lai Shnat known as the 15 Hundred Sordars, and the TYNRING. This is the eighth raid of the 15 Khatsan Sordars.
It is also prohibited to take advantage of water sources for commercial gain through conducting fishing activities that may disturb the water sources.
On the other hand, Lapang said that despite the differences, the Congress will not fight in the state and he will continue to meet Sonia Gandhi as the President of the MPCC. On the other hand, Mukul Sangma, who remained silent, said that there was no discussion in the CLP today on the lack of confidence in him to continue as Chief Minister.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 29: At a meeting of the elders of Jaintia Hills today, the traders who earn their living by quarrying stone and shyiap, have formed a group known as Jaintia Minor. The Joint Miners' Association (JMMMA) and its leaders have expressed their concern over the government's ban on quarrying.
“Our Sohiong residents, if that vote works...but the vote will not be given.
After being discharged from hospital on Tuesday, he took a picture of himself on Facebook and shared his experience, so that the public does not sting the disease and does not want others to suffer the pain and suffering he has. meet.
NASA scientists will now use seven-wheeled vehicles to examine the golden rocks.
Kiang Nangbah, known as the Khlawait of the Pnars and the leader of the Khad-ardolloi of the Jaintia Hills, was elected as the leader at a meeting held at Madan Madiah Kmai Blai to fight against the Jaintia Hills. the rule of the French.
Besides, Union Home Minister S Jaishankar will also take part in the election campaign in Bengaluru on Tuesday, 15th June. Sunil Kumar said.
Also present at the opening ceremony was Pro Suiam, Founder of the school, Seven Tang Ex-MDC of the area, Rikut Parien President JSU who was also the Principal of the school. Risjam Langstang, Rangbah Shnong of Sohkymphor, along with the students of the school were also present.
She said she does not accept the authoritarian decisions of the court on the arrest of Rangbah Shnongs as well as the forced closure of the media.
These two houses were inaugurated by the Adviser of the 4-Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (BCC) Nehimaya Tyngkan who took the place of Rangbah Firstly Syad as the Chief Guest. MDC Aiborlang Shadap, BCC President Rikut N Parien, Secretary Hababiang Wan, Village Elders and others.
On receiving information about the incident, the village leaders immediately informed the Madanryting Police Station.
It is time for all these teachers from different types of schools to demand from the government to pay their salaries every month to avoid the problems and miseries that These non-government teachers meet from time to time.
Regarding the loss of the KHADC's share, Bah Syiem expressed his regret that the villages will lose the development scheme which is their share.
“He said that Jaintia Hills has been neglected by the government and said, “Our name has disappeared from the State Anthem.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inspected the ongoing construction of the Meghalaya Zoological Park at Umtrew, Ri Bhoi District. region.
The Meghalaya High Court on Friday said it would be good if the state government encouraged small coal owners to form groups or cooperatives so that they can get permission for coal mining. to start scientific mining.
If this wish of the people comes true, it will be a great joy for many churches.
Secretary of St John Higher Secondary School Laban, FRC Khongwir, Principal of Assamese Girls Secondary School, Depali Sharma Roa, students and Bah C Kharmudai were present on the occasion. Shillong Central Division, Bah S Lytep, Assistant Executive Engineer, Shillong B Sub-Division and others.
Acharya said the Congress' refusal to take part in the inauguration of the Ram Temple is a sign of the Congress' opposition to turn religion into political work for the BJP. The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A. Sangma, said that the launch of the NCERT Text Books will be held on 25th July.
The meeting was to discuss the cyclone that affected many villages from 14th to 17th June
In the United States, Florida has the highest number of cases with 15,000 new cases reported in the past 24 hours.
On 17th July 2022, KAM Meghalaya held a residents' meeting at Anchorage Guest House at Malki Point. come and take an active part in the discussion and debate on issues affecting the State today.
They both explained that they will fight against corruption and bring about a clean and transparent government.
The land owners demanded that the government should erect a sign from the zero line because if they erect 150 yards inside the zero line, they will lose all their land and get Bangladesh.
Of these, 350 are children.
However, it has been about six months since the start of the RTI application until 20th June
The most common cause of this disease is the overgrowth of the tree.
The purpose of the Observer's visit was to ensure the 100% participation of the Polling personnel and also to encourage them.
She said that this should be for those ethnic groups who have received special status and continued by saying that if this is done, it will bring about progress in democracy, a country free from racial discrimination and equality of opportunity.
The jubilee celebration was conducted and chaired by Prof MS Warjri and Dr R Nongrum, IQAC Coordinators of the College.
Another treatment is the use of premade equipment.
“We have urged the CEM not to trade licenses to foreigners in Ïewduh and Shillong, Umsning, Khanapara and Nongpoh in Ri Bhoi District and also in other places,” said the General Secretary. Speaking to media after a meeting with the CEM, KHNAM said, Section 10 (2) (vi) of the United Khasi Hills District Act (Trade by Non-Tribals) The Regulation, 1954 prohibits the issuance of Trading License to foreigners to engage in trading activities within the Council's boundary if the indigenous people are able to operate themselves.
Surprisingly, MeECL and the Power Department have ignored this concern of the people.
Furthermore, if the impact of these factories is severe, it can affect the respiratory system, mental health, blood pressure, which can affect pregnancy and childbirth and can lead to death,” said Rieweh Kupar. Treasure.
We called the tender.
As an incentive, the selected candidates receive a cash assistance of Rs 5 lakh.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Social Democratic Party (HSPDP) have confirmed that the central government has no intention of mining uranium from Meghalaya.
The strike will be led by ACHIK leader Laben CH Marak, one of the former officers, until the government implements these two demands.
“I cannot understand the thinking of the VPP, first they talked about this issue and now that it is clear they bring up another issue,” he said.
Daimary was handed over to the Khliehriat Police Station.
Isaiah 59:1–2.
These GNLA members are from the Eastern Command.
He also urged the people not to elect their leaders with their feelings but to elect them with their thoughts.
However, it may be recalled that in the MDC election in 2019, Bah Gabriel Wahlang won more than 6,000 votes against the NPP MDC candidate. In 2023, it is the turn of the party to get its own MLA to the Legislative Assembly.
The State will also outline the measures taken to increase the supply of electricity from the National Grid and other sources to address the shortage of electricity in the State,” said the Division Bench in its order after the hearing. The PIL was filed by Flaming Marak.
“In fact, we had talked about going to the DSO office but these policemen did not allow us.
In the past few days, we have already discussed the powers of the Khasi District Council and in this regard, we have discussed the District authorities' transfer of shops to the villages, to take names, to recognize The Khasi District Council has been watching from the sidelines in this decision of the government.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Leader of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Meghalaya Government, expressed his special gratitude to the parents who are the hope for their children. they came together on this day with their children with special needs (PwDs).
Nongpoh: U Baljit Singh Tediwal, owner of M/s Meghalaya Service Station, Khanapara, Ri Bhoi, has lodged a complaint with the Khanapara Police Station. At 3:30 pm, a team of Enforcement Police from Kamrup, Assam, came to his petrol pump and shot dead one of the truck drivers until he was seriously injured.
The opposition leader has opposed the proposal to adjourn the dorbar on Friday and the chairperson, Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, has agreed to adjourn the dorbar as scheduled for tomorrow.
The Synjuk Waheh Shnong War Jaintia said that the parking of trucks on the highway also affects the cleanliness of the area as the drivers have to go to the toilet wherever they find it.
Synran died at 3:30 pm and Lapynshai Khonglah died at 7:45 pm at NEIGRIHMS, said Waheh Shnong Lamin Golden Gashnga.
The vehicle was heading from Shillong to Guwahati, but when it reached the scene, the driver could not control the vehicle and collided with the driver. the stone that was on the road, because of the landslide.
Replying to a question by the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, James said that according to Section 3A (2) of the Trading by Non-Tribal Regulation, the company needs to obtain a license for each unit.
This retting takes about three to four months depending on the temperature of the water.
The group will start working from this month for the problems of the Myntdu River.
Speaking to Rupang, she said, “He was injured in the tyrpeng, snier, ryndang, the snier was like a trud.
"Bahnah replied, "Bahnah, I'm sorry.
Shillong: The Supreme Court has accepted a PIL petition filed by THS Boney, Khun of the National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) to settle the border dispute between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. The State of Assam has been in existence for 47 years.
“As I said, whether it is the BJP government, the Congress government, the TMC government or the coalition government like in Maharashtra, as Prime Ministers and Ministers we have to go to Delhi. , we have to apply immediately after sending the proposal does not mean that we will stay at home and the money will come from heaven and go straight to the Secretariat.
Shillong, July 02: The repair of the Umïam Bridge has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers.
On the other hand, the HNYF has urged the Ministry of Agriculture to conduct another census of the farmers of the state through the Nongsynshar Shnongs so that the census can be conducted for the benefit of the people especially the farmers.
On the opening day, hundreds of male and female dancers as well as children took part in the Weiking Lympung. sun.
He urged the residents of the area to be prepared for the Terra Madre Festival to be held in the village.
Perhaps those words of the past are in harmony with the present objectives of the Central Government for the sake of peace and order throughout India.
In Mawlai, up to 12 households received rice, piat, rice, umphniang, dai, pylleng and flour.
Recently, the Prime Minister has written a Demi Official (DO) letter to the Minister of Rural Development of the Union Government in which he has expressed the concerns faced by the State due to the delay in the release of funds for the purchase of job card holders to link Aadhaar to the bank.
He said that the price set by the government has been too low especially in today's era of low prices, which can also affect the income of the workers.
"Therefore if anyone thinks that it is planned to throw someone out of the country or take away their right to vote, it will not be possible as long as Nitish and Lalu are here," he said. added.
It is true that the system of government in England has changed for hundreds of years from monarchy to democracy, but the change is based on the tradition of the existence and maintenance of monarchs.
The project has been implemented in four districts, including Dehradun, Tehri Garhwal, Pauri Garhwal, Rudraprayag and Chamoli.
Earlier, a keynote address was delivered by the daughter of Bah Rana, Kong Maphidalin Kharhunai.
“There are still three MDCs from Jaintia Hill and three from Garo Hill who have no intention of joining the BJP,” he said.
However, remember that China, Russia and Israel are the main sources of cyber crime.
Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that he is not surprised by the defeat in the mid-term MP elections in Tura. He said that there is always a struggle but what has upset him is that during the election campaign he has been accused of unfounded allegations. corruption" he said.
The winners of the Miss Meghalaya title will also receive a cash prize of 1 lakh tyngka, the first runner up will receive 50,000 tyngka and the second runner up will receive 30,0 amount.
“Some employees of Jirang C&RD Block, Ri-Bhoi District have tested positive for Covid-19,” said the District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah.
Shillong, Nailur 15: Tens of thousands of students from Class XI to Post Graduate but the number of students receiving Border Area food allowance is still very low.
The office of the Deputy Commissioners will send their staff together with officers from various departments such as Community and Rural Development, Food and Civil Suppliers, Education, Health Department and various groups such as by the Meghalaya State Rural Development Society (MSRLS).
Closed from today"
However, the secrecy and lack of attention to the development of their children in the right way, increases the distance between them and their children until they can no longer meet in their souls.
A few days after raising these cubs, he met with members of the Nongstoiñ Nature Club (NNC) and told them about the incident. , immediately informed the relevant authorities and the journalists.
He said that he has not yet decided whether to contest or stand as a candidate for any party but if he wins he will not contest from the National Party but will stand from the National Party. National Party.
However, CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, in response to this allegation, said, “We have tried to pay the salary on time and we are trying our best to release the salary before the 10th.
Khliehriat, Nailar 20: The United Democratic Party (UDP) today held a meeting at Sutnga village to elect and confirm the office bearers and members of the United Democratic Party (UDP) for the 5-Sutnga Saipung Block. Speaking at the meeting, the President of the UDP, former MDC Moonlight Pariat, said that the meeting was attended by UDP leaders from West Jaintia Hills District. “Don't expect nine spongs from Jaintia Hills without hard work,” he said.
Shillong, July 18: The Shillong Civil Hospital, Shillong, has destroyed 15 types of expired medicines used to be given to patients staying in hospitals and those who come to take medicines.
The program was sponsored by ITC through RKM Sohra Ashram.
Thus, after the Covenant of Peace, the Three Temples would be built in Jerusalem (Israel).
These children do not have the opportunity to go to school to get education even though they want to.
He said that the airport has a facilitation center at Umroi Airport, while the railway station at Mendipathar is under construction and the government will set up a facilitation center at this place. .
When the family members were informed, they came to confirm that it was the body of Ram Shylla.
Until now, the JMB has not received a proper garbage dump and there are still many villages which have not received the bins or two-coloured garbage bins and these bins are still in the this office.
She said that the visit to these teachers on this day, was after seeing through social media.
The Kur also demanded that the KHADC should recognize the Kur Seng and the Kur Dorbar so that there will be no problems.
Individual awards were also presented to Nisilia Majaw, Banrisha Wahlang of Nonglang Sports Club and Banïarkynti Mylliemngap of Maitshaphrang. Girls Football Team.
Speaking to reporters, he said that 32 cases came from Ratachera, 205 cases from Byrnihat, 39 cases from Bajengdoba and Tikrikila from West Garo Hills. an expense they incurred themselves.
The spread of the virus is due to unprotected sexual intercourse and the use of the same thyrnia to inject drugs between those who have been infected and those who have not been infected, said Dr B. Druce while talking to reporters at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
REVELATION 20:7 – And when the thousand years are expired, Satan shall be loosed out of his prison, 20:8 – And shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the midst of the earth. to gather them together to the four corners of the earth, Gag and Magog: the number of them was as the sand of the sea.
In a surprising discovery, scientists say they have received radio signals from celestial bodies far away and outside the solar system.
Afghanistan has been in dire poverty since the Taliban took power in
“I am grateful and respectful to Bah Lapang until today, in Ri-Bhoi we call him the father of Ri-Bhoi and it was he and the Congress party who created the district for Ri-Bhoi, but “I wish Bah Lapang to retire from politics from today and take good care of his health. I wish him good health and long life,” said the President of the MPCC. Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh while talking to reporters.
Mawrie said the BJP from the very beginning has never encouraged any protests through bloodshed.
Thus I see that the family of (L) Purno A Sangma from father to sons are leaders and God has raised them by the election and trust of billions of people.
He said that a speech will be delivered by the President of the Sengkmie, Bah Commander Shangpliang on the demands of the Sengkmie to the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma and also to the Minister. B Lyngdoh's reply.
Regarding what they found during the raid, the Enforcement Department of KHADC, has given them 15 days to provide, otherwise they will take them. Nongstoin: The construction of the gallery of the Laitkseh Sport Club has been going smoothly. The construction of the gallery has been inspected by the MLA of Nongstoin yesterday. week not last.
Shillong, July 7: Two persons were killed and two others seriously injured in an accident at Mawryngkneng today.
The seizure of a petrol bomb by the Nongpoh Police Station, happened at 7:30 pm this evening, after receiving a tip from the public about the presence of petrol bombs. bombs in the area, so they immediately went down to take away these petrol bombs.
However, if there are books inside the house, it shows the mind and character of a person.
The Commissioner of Customs (Preventive), Shillong under the Guwahati Zone, as part of the Swachhta Action Plan under the Special Campaign 3.0, has installed 49 solar street lights in these four villages in the areas where These are required as selected by the village authorities.
After the meeting of the Congress MLAs at the Polo Tower Hotel which started at 6.30 pm and ended at 9 pm, most of the MLAs left the house.
Even the HSPDP leaders tried to phone them to find out but they could not find out why they left the meeting and where they were because they had turned off their mobile phones. .
The Objection was over-ruled.
Who will draw.
and when he heard of the cry of his brethren, he besought king Artaxerxes that he might go to Palestine to help them.
“I would like to inform that the KHADC under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit will look into the problem of the farmers especially during the curfew,” he said.
Police sources said that the vehicle, driven by Issac Lalsiemthar, was leaving Guwahati with the intention of going to NEPA Umsaw. who was planning to work across the street.
He said that if the trip to Delhi does not succeed, they will not hesitate to take to the streets.
' What scientific world is this like? Our country and nation have fallen into such a tragedy, 'to sit and stand, to stand and face'
Cheteshwar Pujara took part in the tournament in England and will join the team in London.
The project was scheduled to be completed in 2013, but the equipment purchased is somewhat defective, but MeSEB (MeECL) lacks funds and has not been able to complete the project even after spending Rs 11 crore. , said Mr. Tiewsoh.
That’s why we talked and made the right decision.
The question is what is public administration?.
He said that the reason why the anti-corruption Bill like Jan Lokpal is pending is because most of the MPs of the Lok Sabha are criminals.
The entire state has joined the Janta Curfew and all the businesses, shops, churches and the people of Salonsar have stood together to fight against this spreading disease. thousands of lives of people around the world.
In 2022, the institute started the training in June, and they witnessed a large number of participants.
1000 teachers of govt lp schools,,, shot dead by bah Cheristerfield,,, stealing coal,,, teachers sleep and stay overnight on the road ,,)just because of him the party has suffered so much.
When asked how they feel that as an ANVC rebel, they have killed so many people, Arist said it is inevitable and part of the you are fighting.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 26: The elders of the villages under Mawshynrut C&RD Block, have warned from time to time and banned the slaughter of fish by using drugs. bih, khang jar, shoot bombs, throw water, shot khariew and others.
The song was composed by Bah Tanbor Swer, one of the famous Khasi singers.
They are not able to buy land every year.
“When Nitish Kumar has resigned from the post of Chief Minister, why can't we resign just from being an MLA,” Samrat Chaudhary told reporters.
He also admitted that there are other religious groups that extort money from illegal immigrants in the Maxwelton Estate.
Referring to the election of the Syiem, u Bah Jonh F Kharshiing, said that it is necessary to have a full Syiem in the Hima who will look into the laws of the Hima. He said that the problem remains because the Hima Mylliem does not convene the Hima Dorbars and does not receive the census. , regarding the income and expenditure and other works that the Hima has done, said the Rangbah.
The point of this parable is this: There are two kinds of sinners in the world.
Meghalaya batsmen did not score many runs except Solina Jaba for 25 runs, Ajima Sangma for 21 runs and Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai for 18 runs.
The largest land of the Jaintias which they owned was annexed to the French in 1835 (See RL Singh Map pp675 to 695 Appendix B). Education) has been forcibly merged with United Mikir and North Cachar Hills District.
The district authorities of West Khasi Hills on Tuesday allowed the fishing competition to be held in accordance with the rules and regulations.
Nongpoh: Two trucks carrying coal (AS 11 AC-5228 and AS 01 AC-6691) overturned on the NH-6 in Ri Bhoi District this morning.
The purpose of this action step is to discuss gaps in the field of surveillance, location detection, and predictability of Malaria outbreaks.
Such a ksow poh jait knows how to bring it quickly, but I don't know how to write it.
Other speakers on the occasion were the General Secretary of the KSU, Samla Auguster Jyrwa who said that the government's progress in implementing the NPR which the KSU has suspended has something to do with the UID. He recalled that the KSU has demanded from the government to explain the NPR and Aadhar Nomber to the public, but the government's explanations as of now the people have not received any clarification.
He died while undergoing treatment at Tura Holy Cross Hospital.
The union took this decision after the cow market in Khanapara was short of cows which has caused the union to face a lot of problems.
Shillong: Former GNLA Chairman Champion R Sangma in an interview with Rupang said that his life in the police force has been the most difficult and he has been tortured and mentally ill by the authorities. government and police officials.
The Assistant Secretary of Umsyiem Village, Bah SL Kongwang, in a statement, said that last night, the villagers received a tip that some Dkhars from Bangladesh had entered the village to rob and rob. to the robbers in the city.
The Seng ki vendors understands that there is a stir in the village, but it cannot accept this order.
“Other parties come but when it is over you get what, so decide now for your future,” she said and urged the people of the area not to be afraid.
Shillong, Nailar 26: After receiving many complaints, and after a long search, Shillong Police today arrested David Lyngdoh, known as Raja. as you say 'Jyllud'
The MDA Government includes the Seng Ri Lum, the Independents and now four INC MLAs who claim to want to improve the governance and performance of the Government have joined.
This incident taught Peter a lot because not trusting a friend would lead to trouble.
The injured were identified as Nur Islam and Rebati Bharali.
Indian Minister of State for Home Affairs Smriti Irani has demanded that the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) should investigate the entire incident.
The Anti Terror Squad (ATS), Maharashtra conducted a thorough investigation into the incident before handing over the investigation to the NIA in
The opening ceremony of the Cane & Bamboo Technology Park was attended by Ram Muivah, Secretary and Chairman of the NEC. The CBTC, Prof. Biman Kumar Dutta, Member of the NEC, and other NEC officers. It is also worth mentioning that the CBTC, which was established in 2000, has been one of the ways to to promote the manufacturing or production of tar through Thri and Siej, so now it will be of great benefit to the people of Assam, as the Cane & Bamboo Technology Park, which was constructed at a cost of Rs 8 crore.
Auto rishaw can carry only 2 (Two) passengers.
“Although there are allegations, I and my family have nothing to do with former HNLC leader Bah Julius Dorphang who is still in jail,” he said.
The child accompanied those who went to look for the missing person because the missing person was still a relative.
According to information received, Dr Sumitra Hagjer, principal of DMC, was involved in illegally taking rent from some teachers of the college.
He said that there is about 40 acres of land related to this area while the Cantonment land has about 400 acres but most of them are military bases.
Rani said why the government has shut down when it has a lot of land and it is just a waste of public money while in other offices like Sohra and Mairang which have been completed from side to side they are still standing. empty.
In West Jaintia Hills District alone, 794 schools have participated in these two programmes.
These information can also be obtained from the office of the Superintendent of Police.
The KHNAM leader said that the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, 2016 also has shortcomings which need to be addressed. only through the gates and this time too this government is trying to destroy and destroy through the same gates.
“We have not seen any government to provide accommodation to the HNLC members in Khasi Hills, but how can the rebel group from Garo Hills come to Khasi Hills?” asked the KSU-SWKH. The Deputy Commissioner of the district has been requested not to approve any plan of the government to provide shelter to the ANVC-B rebels. They are not allowed to give permission or sell their land to the government for the purpose of building a camp for the ANVC-B. syaid”, said the KSU, adding that the government should immediately reject this plan otherwise the KSU will take strong action.
Besides, Johny Nongrum, urged other youths, that when they have any talent in various sports, they should take care and think, but not just take it as a job. , because if you take part and win in various competitions, it will bring fame and glory to Bri Hynniewtrep and the state as a whole.
Shillong, Iaiong 24 : The AITC MLA from Chokpot Constituency, Lazarus Sangma, on Tuesday said that no AITC MLA will join the NPP. He admitted that many AITC MLAs will join the NPP before the 2023 MLA election.
The cost of paying these Chairman posts will be in the billions of rupees per annum, only the salary or honorarium will be paid to them, while thousands of rupees will have to be paid. .
The match on 21.10.2023 will be between Nangbah Mulang and Mynthong at 2 pm.
Zelenskyy has been a comic on television until he won the presidential election.
On this issue, STIEH, will hold a public rally, on the 5th June 2021, at 12 noon to demand from the state government to expedite the investigation into the Two youths from Wahkaji were shot dead on 28th October 2021 and one of them died on 28th October
However, the health department of the state and the region should be empowered to ensure smooth operation.
Mrs. Philadelphia Toi
This is related to KHB 227 verse 2 which says, “When we were in dark prison, the light of heaven came, Hallelujah Amen”.
Because of Lahkmen Rymbui, the UDP will lose confidence in Khasi and Jaintia and will disappear in Meghalaya.
They were also advised to avoid clogging streams, rivers and streams during floods.
Samla Phersngi expressed his deep sorrow over the government's ignorance even though the government offices are so small.
According to the Bruntland Report (1987), Sustainable Development is “Development that meets or is able to meet the needs of the present human race by being disciplined and with the understanding to preserve the environment, so that future generations will not suffer from the needs of the present generation.
In the second leg, Lawsohtun beat Eastern Pirates 3-1
Mylliem SC has won the U-14 Boys Football League 2023 on Tuesday at the Polo Ground.
Among those infected are the moderator and bishop of the South Kerala diocese, Rev A Dharmaraj Rasalam, who is undergoing treatment at home.
Sd/.
On the last day, hundreds of dancers, men and women, along with children, came out to take part in this dance, which is a sign of thanksgiving to God from above. in the blessing that he had already poured out on mankind, in the past year, at the same time, before the time of planting and burial, that once again, the Lord God would pour out to the children of mankind with the blessings of abundance, so that they may have enough to eat, to cultivate, to be able to work, to earn, to have a healthy body. .
“We have decided to hold a motor bike march from the 17th of July to cover the entire Garo Hills to demand peace and there will be a preaching meeting every Friday in all the Garo Hills. Father Theodore T Sangma, Chairman of the Peace Committee, said:
Shillong, Nailur 3: A BSF truck on its way from Shillong to Nongjri under Pynursla, overturned and injured 14 personnel including the driver.
If the energy of the youth is not directed properly towards positive and productive activities, it can undermine the peace and development of the country.
The Chief Minister of Assam has announced a compensation of T.2 lakh to the family of one of the deceased.
“When electing a leader, it is the duty of that leader to advocate for the work, so that we can complete the work and the trade of inheritance,” said Bah Paul.
His mother, Sonia Gandhi, and sister, Priyanka Gandhi, tried to change his decision, but he refused, the report said.
However, it is sad to say that in our beloved country India there are still many people who have lost their rights to be treated with contempt, bloodshed, murder and rape. Therefore, I would like to ask the women, especially the children, to lie, to thank, to lie, to steal, to slap, to slap, to slap, to slap, to slap, to slap, to slap, to the wicked, to the terrible things in this beloved country. all those who are against human rights because we see that this present age is enslaved to all these things.
So far, according to information from the government, the government has prepared 84 houses for the accommodation of metor drivers or road workers of the Municipal Board.
Dimple's advice to her daughter, Twinkle, is because she has experienced that her relationship with Rajesh Khanna, Twinkle's father, is not a happy one. .
“We are proud that we have brought fame to Meghalaya and we want people to know better about us in the East that what we produce is not low but sufficient,” said the Khasi who sell these products. store.
The construction of this hall has been going on for many years.
The University of Baltimore says there are now 1.1 million people infected with the virus in the United States and 64,789 deaths so far.
Speech was also delivered by Banker Kharpran, President of the Seng Samla who explained that the Fiesta V was held to be an opportunity for the youth to express themselves. sap that phong that you don.
At the time of writing, no vehicles have been able to pass through the bridge, but from what has been found, it has been seen that the maintenance of the bridge has been completed. for it is worse than it was in these days.
“Bynnud i Bakha bapli, once you think about it you don't believe it because you are a fool... How can it happen?
In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you: for I go to prepare a place for you.
Another requirement is that the players must also have a photocopy of their vaccination before registering.
Nongpoh, July 21: To bring about unity and the goal of preserving the customs and traditions of the Karbi people, the All Meghalaya Karbi Association today held its 48th Annual Conference at Sohliya Village in Ri Bhoi District for the purpose of gathering together as the Karbi community in Meghalaya which has set a goal to maintain peace and stability in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: The residents and users of the road from Pahammawlein 20mer to Umdap area in Ri Bhoi District, have expressed their deep sorrow over the deterioration of the road from 20 mer to Umdap area. real problems with public transportation.
“We sell Chinese goods and they are old goods and if India buys goods from China, we don't have the opportunity, we have to sell them, because there are many who want them. said Vikas, who sells a shop in the market in Delhi.
They can also send via WhatsApp to 81320 94893, 7005487243, 8837412660, 878779518, through Ksueducationcell West Khasihills @gmail.com.
It is not yet known whether Neymar will take part in the match against Switzerland on Tuesday.
This is the first recognition that STEMS will receive from the Central Government since its implementation in 2021 by the Planning Department of the State Government.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 164 active cases in the state.
With four points from three matches, Meghalaya will play Punjab for the last time on Sunday at 8 pm.
Thus, we now have two villages, Keniong and Thiepdiengngan-Keniong.
The union has given time to these foreign workers to leave within three days, which means they have to leave on the first day.
Lamphrang said the KHADC has now appointed a Research and Development Committee to conduct research on the customs, literature and culture of the Khasi.
(1) the shape of the mountain was like a human skull, (2) it was a place filled with the skulls of the dead.
Shillong, Naiwieng 01: The Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) has launched today with a sudden gathering of members of the four Sengbhalang at the Secretariat.
Then, the Day of Atonement (Leviticus 23:27).
They said that Assam is the COVID-19 hotspot in the North Eastern Region and how can coal be brought from this area into the state at such a time of crisis.
I prayed before eating with one of the oldest teachers in the school.
According to the Head of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, the vehicle was seized after receiving a tip-off. They also arrested four suspects, including a young woman.
He urged the CEOs to provide information to the ECI from time to time for the improvement of the working methods and the promotion of openness to the voters.
Therefore, let us see what happens next.
During the inspection, they admitted that they found that the implementation method was indeed done by the PWD department and the contractor for personal gain.
These three Assembly Constituencies have 193 Polling Stations, but now, three new Sections have been created for 32-Nongstoin, Pyndendiloin under Khliehmawlieh PS; Three new sections have been created including Mawblang and Umriang under Nongspung PS and Thangkuli B. Furthermore, the Electoral Registration Officers of the 32nd Nongstoin (ST) Assembly Constituency, the 33rd Rambrai Jyrngam ST Assembly Constituency and the 34th Mawshynrut ST Assembly Constituency have informed the public that The draft electoral roll of these three Assembly Constituencies has been drawn up on the basis of 1st July, 2024 which is the date to verify whether they are eligible to vote. , as well as in accordance with the Registration of Electors Rules,
One day I met one of my teachers who was the Senior Pastor of the Synod, he suggested to me that it would be better to write “Ex.Rev”. Pastor Fellowship.
The Government of Meghalaya has said that there has been no loss of coal and that the claim that the coal has been mined is 32 lakh metric tonnes is wrong.
“We have to follow the rules of law and that the rice and dai from this scheme should reach the people,” said the DC Jowai. All FPSs who fail to comply with the rules of the scheme will be subject to punishment under the Meghalaya Foodgrains System Control Order,
Shortly before the break, the Maldives lost midfielder Hassan Raif Ahmed who was sent off in the 90+2 minutes.
Those interested in participating should notify or show up by 7 AM on the 27th and 28th May
The distribution of these leaflets was in both the north and south parts of the area on the road to Sohra and the road to Nongstoiñ opposite Umdiengpun Square. , Elephant Falls.
After the Sengbhalang arrived at Nonglang, the police chief and the Magistrate of WKHD were not present at Nonglang PHC. One of them was taken to Nonglang for treatment while the other was sent back to Langpih.
What is more, only one Nominated MDC out of 30 MDCs is at the discretion of the Governor, as he has been appointed by the Governor under paragraph 2 sub- paragraph (1) and (6A) of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India – Quote “(1).
The Cabinet meeting today approved to temporarily suspend the operation of the MP scheme or MPLAD Fund for the year 2020-21 & 2021-2 for the purpose of transferring funds to other departments, especially in the fight against Covid-1
The union congratulates the Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong and the new Executive Committee (EC) for taking action against foreigners who have illegally stayed in the village without permission. without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong and without being able to provide the necessary documents such as Work Permit, Police Verification from the place of origin, Trading License, Labor License and other requirements.
The TEA also sent a letter to the President of Topcem Thangskai.
Fourthly, it will also be the first time in the Budget Session that the new Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas A Sangma, will chair the session.
“When Section 7 of the Independence Act, 1947 was enacted, the Dominion of India was enacted because the Khaddar rule of the Syiem of Bilat had ended. in relation to the indigenous chiefs of India and the social agreement between them was broken.
In the counting of votes today, the BJP won the Shivamogga Parliament seat, which is considered to be the home of the party leader in the state, BS Yeddyurappa.
The election of public leaders according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi will also end and will open the way for foreigners to enter the Khadar rule within the communities and so on.
In fact, these are the leaders of the Khadar rulers who have the responsibility to maintain the rule of law, law and order, to prevent illegal invasions in the villages or on the borders and to ensure the safety of The watch dog of Public Finance should not be misused leading to a culture of corruption which has darkened and covered up all the evil deeds that have spread through the networks of Criminal Syndicates whether in the appointment of Government employees who have violated the rights of others.
“Despite the difficulties that have come in the way of the government's plan to implement the new project in this market, we have now been able to start the construction of the new market in Polo,” she said.
People empowered with knowledge and skills can play a major role in today’s knowledge-based economy.
On the other hand, the union through its President, Bah John Fisher Nongsiang, demands that the DC should dismiss these people who have been appointed to these offices and call for a new interview.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 82815 out of which 80490 have recovered and 1432 have died.
Before the elections, the BJP had promised to the people of Assam that the electricity supply would not be cut off for 24 hours. state.
He fought in the 85 kg category and won the first place and won the gold medal.
The postponement of the dorbar days is due to the large number of MLA elections in the state where many MDCs are contesting the elections.
They did not reveal their names, although the man revealed his name, Bah Donstar, but the girl did not reveal her name. .
In the 95kg category, Tony Marshillong came first and Donal Rymbai came second.
The match between Rangdajied United and Khliehmawlieh was a thrilling match in which the players from both sides showed their strength and skills to fight hard to win the title. you're lying.
The State Bank of India (SBI) plans to change its operating procedures from 1st June to introduce withdrawal and deposit procedures for account holders. The Bank has informed the Reserve Bank of India (RBI's) that this will reduce the interest rate of borrowers and those who have less than 100,000 rupees at SBI, will get a higher interest rate.
The mothers of these nine members said that when the police came to arrest their children, they did not tell them the reason for their arrest, but They were thrown out of their beds, but they dragged the nine members of the party and put them in a vehicle to take them to the Sadar Police Station.
Besides, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, who was talked about a lot during the election but now even though he is in the ruling party, he has spoken about many things related not only to the benefit of the people of Mawkynrew Constituency but also to the people of Mawkynrew Constituency. The border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya has also been discussed.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle has requested the government not to forgive the Bill Light this month as the people are suffering from poverty due to the COVID-19 pandemic. 19 and the curfew declared by the Government for the country and the state as a whole.
He said that recently the building used to be a hideout for drug dealers which falls within the boundary of the Shillong Cantonment Board and in the constituency of BJP MLA Bah Sanbor Shullai was demolished. secretly.
In fact, in the first match, Assam didn't play badly either and witnessed their hard work, but with the presence of nine U-17 girls from Manipur who were in the The Indian team has won this tournament through these talented and prominent players in the country.
On the morning of 22nd November, 2022, five persons were shot dead by Assam Police in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills.
The destruction of these 181 modified silencers was carried out at the Police Reserve, Shillong in the presence of Superintendent of Police Sylvester Nongtnger and Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem. , SP (Traffic) K. Prasad and others.
“Although he is from a rural village, it is unthinkable that there will be soldiers who will sacrifice themselves for the sake of India as a whole. but his name and fame will remain forever for his contribution to the whole of India.
There are 141 cases of covid-19 in the state.
Many of the speakers at the meeting expressed their surprise at the government police and army forces, which they said was like going to the battlefield. Speaking at the meeting, the HYC leaders said that instead of sending them to Garo Hills to fight against the insurgents, the government has sent them to Garo Hills. in Shillong.
Shillong, November 28: Five MLAs including five from the Congress, two Independents and one from the UDP will resign tomorrow to pave the way for them to join the party. He was a member of the National's People's Party (NPP).
Mr. Eddie.
The province was divided into Bombay Province, Madras Province, Bengal Province and Assam Province.
People from all over the villages and areas also came to witness the Sohtrun Market to see and taste the sohtrun produced by the farmers from Ri-Bhoi. There are also more than a dozen shops decorated with sohtrun.
Therefore, the MPCA strongly opposes and urges the residents to discuss in detail on this issue and the group will take measures to oppose this new election according to the Constitution, said the statement. was sent by Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh.
Regarding the problem faced by the transporters and the people in Byrnihat area, after the setting up of a toll collection point at 13 Mer, the DC of Ri Bhoi, has promised to take action. “It's time to talk to the Commissioner of Taxes and the state government,” he added.
However, the decision of the Myllem MLA has benefited other candidates including incumbent MDC Teilinia Thangkhiew to contest from the HSPDP and former KSU leader Hamletson Dohling to contest from the UDP. 29 short: U Bah Headderson Symblai has received the full support of his family as well as the people of the village to contest the MDC Election 2014, this constituency includes the village. Nartiang Umladang Constiency District Council.
Earlier, the UDP had demanded that an inquiry should be conducted into the implementation of the project which has been delayed and the cost has been increased.
“The President of the MPCC has in fact fulfilled his duty according to the rules and according to the path that a leader should act.
During the inspection, the Minister said that the department under his supervision will look for ways and means to conduct the also to consult in all aspects before declaring it as a Heritage site or a place of protection, to maintain it safely and not to be damaged so that when the works and reports are completed, it will become another tourist attraction and create job opportunities.
Then he joined the Welsh Mission School in Mawkhar in
At the same time, Dr Don said that there is no problem for the state government to appoint experts from the state or abroad like Bangladesh on development issues.
This house belongs to Shainphyrnai Syiemiong.
Other government officials who were present on the occasion included Parliamentarian Comingone Ymbon, Mawsynram MLA Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and others.
“Modi was addressing a large public meeting at Khyndai Lad after taking part in a roadshow in Shillong today.
John said the Working Group will also approve to propose to the state government for the allocation of special funds for the purpose of bringing the Information Technology Department into the Council.
Officers who wish to continue their education will not be allowed to take leave.
This shows that the Lord is above sickness, anxiety, suffering, and so on.
It was a terrible persecution and a threat to further stir up the persecution and in Babylon the Jewish slaves were forced to please the Babylonians with the songs of Zion.
Similarly, the BJP candidate from Sutnga-Saipung Constituency 5, Krison Langstang, resident of Jalaphet Bri Sumer, said that he left the BJP party because he wanted to contest from the BJP. There are still many shortcomings in the constituency, from health facilities, roads, roads and many others. He appealed to the people of 5-Sutnga Saipung Consty to support the BJP, as it is the only party that can bring about development, that can fulfill the aspirations of the people and the BJP. to raise the future.
In the 83rd minute, Assam Rifles scored the first goal for both teams. I scored through L Santa Singh.
The NEIPF demands that the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, should take action on this issue, as the states of the North East are also states of India.
In this regard, the KHADC will introduce a Bill in this session that according to the bill, each village will have a Village Development Council with the Chairman. The Rangbah Shnong and its members shall be for all in which women shall also be able to participate and the operation shall be once every five years and the election shall be by election.
In three away games, Lajong have lost all their matches and have won only once at home and lost once at home.
These items were distributed under the leadership of Manbha Lyngdoh in charge of Ramakrishana Mission in Jaintia Hills.
The Seng in this regard sends strong warnings to all the students of Sohra area to follow these warnings, said the Publicity Secretary. KSU Sohra Circle, Samla Carmel Fedrick Malngiang.
The Doloi, the Basan, the Bakhraw and others who worked with the Doloi and the children of the Raid had their own traditional religion or niamtre. and Jaintia spirit.
In the Second Division, Wahlyngkien Ramklang Sports Club beat Nongwah Sports Club 2-1
“At the same time, we should also think about those victims in such cases, they may be your relatives. case, what other rights will you give to the victims on criminal cases," he said.
This has brought many sufferings to those involved, especially the poor and needy who have come from far away.
Everyone will receive a card which will allow them to withdraw 20 liters of water per day from these ATMs free of charge, he said.
Do you have any connection with factories in Jaintia Hills or Byrnihat? Is there any conspiracy between coke factory owners, political leaders, officials of Commerce and Industries, Forest or Mining? 6.
He said that the nature of natural disasters has changed, the incidence and strength has also increased, which is why we have to improve and expand our preparations to address these problems.
While hearing the Public Interest Litigation (pil) in this regard, the Division Bench, said that the state authorities have shown doubts regarding the implementation of the theft of coke factories in the state.
It cannot be forgotten that the celebration of this day this year is different compared to previous years, as the state as a whole is still in the midst of various challenges. This is part of the prevention of the second spread of the coronavirus.
During the raid, the KSU Jowai Circle found 14 foreigners who came by buses without proper documents.
The book of Exodus tells the story of the Hebrews' deliverance from Egypt.
Shillong: The Nongmynsong Police Out Post has summoned Bah Elton Cliff Warjri, Assistant General Secretary of the FKJGP Central Body, for allegedly taking part in a public hearing against the FKJGP. The Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and the need for an Inner Line Permit (ILP) in Meghalaya.
Khartik Ghosh has tested positive for Covid-1
Shah said that under the leadership of Modi, the Parliamentary Committee has recommended the amendment of the Multistate Cooperative Societies Act according to the census and that the bill will come up in the next session of Parliament.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: The Hynniewtrep Awakening National Movement (HANM) has decided to march with flags to the Secret Tariat, due to the government's delay in releasing the report of the investigation into the shooting death of two persons in Mookhep. “The government's delay in releasing the report of the shooting death at Mookhep in East Jaintia Hills District has caused the death of 10 people on 24th November “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Shaniahlang Suchen, President of HANM.
According to studies, eating grapes is good for the eyes and can also reduce the risk of vision loss after old age. .
Regarding the decision to leave the HYC, Bah Jason Lennox Nongrum said that on his part, he and the district leaders and members, are honored that the President of the district. He was attacked by the HYC leader, where the members of the party felt that it was no longer useful for them to be within the party and that is the reason why they left the party.
The union also said that regarding the posts of Guest Lecturers in the departments of Physics, Geography, Linguistics and Journalism and Mass Communications, which have invited applications in the recent months, they should be appointed by foreigners who can teach. these subjects are not mentioned above.
“According to this Act, we cannot use retired Government employees.
Shillong: A heavy traffic jam in Upper Shillong, which started at 9 pm and continued until 2 pm, today caused a vehicle to overturn. kit mar, which has 12 shaka, is located near Sawmer village, near Sunny Side.
Police of Ummulong Beat House, West Jaintia Hills District have arrested 65 foreigners who had fled from Khliehriat by hiding in the body of a truck. don't call me AS 01-FC-3
The power of vision, vision and enthusiasm of Bah Nestarjune Marbaniang as a true leader and leader of the UDP party has led to the recognition and welcome of his supporters. The HSPDP Ryngshken Area has joined the UDP to strengthen and win the election for Bah HDR Lyngdoh in
Also present were the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Y Tsering and government officials.
With this victory, 7 Wasa have moved up to the top of the table with 15 points from 5 games followed by Ladthadlaboh with 10 points and Mynthong with 9 points.
The Dorbar Shnong was also requested to prevent and not allow such activities.
North Liberty HSS (West Jaintia Hills) beat Little Stars English Medium SS (Eastern West Khasi Hills) 6-1
KSU Namdong distributed these food items including dai and khaw on Saturday.
Lapang said it is not a matter of concern to the government for the lack of implementation of the Act because the Act was passed by the Assembly with 60 MLAs. The Governor said that Pynshngaiñ has angered some Congress MLAs because they believe that it is an insult to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma and the DCA Minister HDR Lyngdoh. “If anyone complains against the resignation of these two persons, Lapang said, “If anyone comes to complain against the closure of the I always say that the door of the President MPCC and the door of the Prime Minister should be open, if anyone complains I will do whatever is necessary and my case should be taken to the High Court. Command, I can't set it,” said DD Lapang.
Police went to her house and took away the gun from her, but it was learned that Bah Wahlang did not intend to shoot anyone, but his gun exploded while he was shooting. still cleaning it.
The report of the Kur for the past year will also be presented at this meeting and there will also be an awarding ceremony for the children of the Kur who have passed well in various examinations. to the elders of the tribe who are 80 years old or older.
Out of these 35, 13 new rules have improved the law in terms of safety and protection of women and children.
Shillong: The Archbishop of Shillong, Rev Victor Lyngdoh DD, today visited Nazareth Hospital Shillong to vaccinate against the spread of COVID-1
He spoke to the scribes and Pharisees.
The Central Body therefore requests that no less than 50,000 people should attend the celebration and farmers are requested to plan in advance for the second celebration which will be held on 4th November
Singapore, in June this year, announced the suspension of the mask law after witnessing a decrease in the number of cases in the country.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bindas said that the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills had called for a brief meeting at about 4 pm, but she did not agree to meet him. They came here to the place of rest.
It is learned that he deceived these children by saying that he would give them mobile phones to deceive them and many of them did not understand what he was doing or intended and they just believed. and believe what he says.
MCS Dalikynti Kharshiing has been transferred and appointed as the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
He said that this school is a great opportunity for the youth to get many training opportunities for the purpose of starting their own businesses after completing the training. they should be diligent in completing their studies so that their future will be bright.
Shillong: There have been 139 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 74 cases in East Khasi Hills and 72 cases in the public.
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) said the asteroid, which will be about 1.5 times the size of the London Eye, will hit Earth on the 24th of this month.
In addition, he said that the US and China should have the courage and sincerity to talk face to face when it is necessary to resolve any issues that affect relations between the two countries.
The Department of Social Work-PG has collaborated with the Adolescent Reproductive and Sexual Health Clinic (ARSHC), Ganesh Das Hospital, Lawmali, Shillong on an awareness program on Adolescent Health.
“To solve this problem, he has asked the engineers regarding the lack of electricity supply in the border areas. allegedly the act of FEDCO “.
However, their qualification will depend on the match between Mohammedan Sporting and TRAU on the 5th of this month.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Banteidor said that this cooperation between women in SHGs and VOs shows the path to income generation in the community because through VOs and SHGs they help and lift each other up.
She said that in this area, there is a flood every year, but it doesn't happen as badly as this year until it covered and flooded the whole house.
There are rumors that the cabinet meeting could be held by the end of July
Until the end of the match, Maharashtra could not turn the tide and suffered a defeat.
From today when my article appeared in this newspaper, I have been staying at home, I am no longer a leading office bearer of the HSPDP, I no longer challenge the work of anyone without procedure and I request I asked Babu M.Umyiap to send someone to take the party books that are in my hands.
Robert said that the presence of the rebel group there has led to the spread of the rebel group to the Khasi Hills, as at present they have admitted that they are the rebel group of the Achik.
He said that the world now wants to eat food made from special indigenous seeds so we need to take good care of these indigenous seeds.
This new priest from an early age dreamed of becoming a missionary to travel around the world; in the consultation of his father and mother he was able to accomplish a good purpose.
“These days, they give birth to daughters for a wild donkey or a foreigner,” he said. He also criticized the men these days, who are only thinking of having children and if it is in this way, he says, “He is no longer a longkpa, he is a langkpa”.
Simon Siangshai has died after suffering from an illness for about six months and is undergoing treatment at Super Care Hospital, Shillong.
"“The conflict, it has happened.
Those who are well-intentioned, even if they have killed people and been robbed, are still sent to study pastoral studies.
With the passing of the days, the political services have become more and more interesting because of the lack of awareness of the truthful and the leaders of various churches about the fraud and insults of these people. Politicians are innocent people.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) today celebrated its 32nd anniversary and therefore the HNLC would like to congratulate all the paradoh parasnam, volunteers, relatives and friends of all the members who are still in the party and who have passed away.
The UDP Youth Wing feels that this clash between the CEM and MP of Karbi Anglong is like setting fire to the nation and the party also demands an apology from the CEM. MUA 1 and 2, MDA is now preparing for the Jan election, thank you for winning in
He said that the party has already suggested to set up Facilitation Centers where the people can get the ILP whether at the airports or in the border areas.
The Congress party today held a welcoming ceremony for RG Lyngdoh, PN Syiem, Mosjo R Wanswet, Andrian Lambert C Mylliem and Fenela Lyngdoh Nonglait. , who came to join the Congress party.
However, he said, “The final decision will be taken after we have considered and gathered all the information on what is best regarding this recruitment.
During the ILP protest, there have been many incidents such as car robbery, shaka robbery, tyngshop robbery, office robbery, deaths and many members of the ILP. Various political parties have been arrested for the protest, while some of the protesters have had to hide because the police are searching for them at that time.
In his speech, the Minister expressed his satisfaction that the state has now made progress in sports and congratulated those athletes who have won medals and encouraged others to continue to work hard so that one day they will reach the goal.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,732,519 and 9,66,382 are still infected. The death toll has risen to 91,149, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said.
· Conduct regular meetings to review the implementation of the ECRP-II where there is a strong need to strengthen health services especially in rural areas and cases involving children.
If these relationships are broken and weak, how can they leave the country?
The program was conducted by Babu JJ Lyngkhoi and welcome speech was delivered by Tbn Laitsing Nongrum President MC and welcome speech by Babu G Marbaniang who is also the Head Master of the school. .
It was after this that he decided to focus only on Tollywood films which paved the way for his life and worked with some of the most famous producers and directors of the film industry. factory.
In the last 50 years, except for the Transfer of Land Regulation Act 1971, not a single law has been enacted in the State.
The SP said that the man had assaulted a woman who lives in Nongrim by touching her from behind and from the front.
As soon as the Third Temple in Jerusalem is rebuilt, it will become a destruction, and in this Temple the beast will dwell, who is also the false Christ, the man of sin, the devil, the devil, making himself God. .2 Thessalonians 2:1-4.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms S.Tariang said that this year's Independence Day Celebration is special because of the 75th Anniversary of Independence from the British Government. to the present citizens to have responsibility for the country and the nation.
Police said the group is also struggling to recruit more members to intensify its attacks in Greece.
Bah RM ShabongLooking at what has happened in the elections in Delhi, we see that the future of the big parties in India is very doubtful, or that means there is hope for the small parties. or local organizations, that they may do better in the future.
(Of the people, To the people and by the PEOPLE).
Samuel has made 21 I-League appearances for Real Kashmir FC, scoring six goals under his leadership.
I don't like any congress leader to be part of MDA govt.
The Congress party has strongly opposed the minister's remarks and demanded that he should be removed from office.
That's why I'm in trouble.
Thus, all the survivors of the earthquake accepted the advice of the Sahep and left Nongbaw and settled in Keniong.
According to the residents of the area, this happened at 5 pm when the truck belonging to the rangbah of Lyngkyrdem village fell into the riat by hitting a well.
Not only that, the electricity supply in the area has also been severely affected as many electricity posts have collapsed from the ground up and some have been cut off in half and the electricity signs have been scattered on the ground.
The revival of this issue will be a major concern for the Chief Minister of Meghalaya and his team.
The tournament was attended by the children of the Seiñ Raij Rangad and was also attended by the Waheh Shnong Rangad, Bah Damon Lamo and other Raij leaders. Rangad myn on Saturday has completed the Shad Sukra ritual and this ritual is performed before they go to the fields to plant seeds in the fields. MDC Tuber and Lasky Rymbai were also present.
The Elders and the entire Presbyterian Church, Khliehriat.
He alleged that it was the Sordar of Lenmawtap Village who issued the NOC which allowed these Dkhars to come and hold the fair which was scheduled to start from 2nd to 23rd July.
The USA ranks first in terms of export prices for sorghum, canary, bajra and ragi while Saudi Arabia offers better prices for buckwheat and other crops.
For this reason, a short abbreviation of the word Riewblei or Riewniam can be proposed which can refer to a special position in society that can be understood by the public.
The Pocso Act should be explained to the public to prevent violence, he concluded.
Here I understand the power of Satan how he can deceive us, that even after we know for sure that the Bible is the Word that can give us eternal life, we don't enjoy reading it, we don't I'm glad, and I'm glad to hear about it.
We will examine this further before proceeding to appeal to the High Court,” said Bah Syiem, MLA/MDC from Mawsynram constituency.
I don't know how you live or how you work.
Earlier, while raising the issue, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that he is not happy to see the allocation of three days of dorbars which are too short, especially when the government holds only twice in the month. year.
The ADCs are still mismanagement of the people's money.
In another incident, police said that Fr.Genesius Wanñiang had sent a complaint that on the 25th of this month at about 10.30 pm, unidentified robbers had broken into the premises. They have stolen wires and wiring equipment worth about T.1 lakh from the construction of a house under BOSCO in Nongthymmai, Shillong.
When Rupang spoke to several Khasi mysteries, who have earned their living and supported their families through this job, they expressed their deep sorrow over the spread of foreign mysteries. state, who have come to work in the District, because their arrival has caused even the Khasi employers to become more discouraged and call for foreign mysteries, but they reject the Khasi mysteries.
With these words, Bah Pradip congratulated all those who have worked hard to make the film Ïewduh.
New Delhi: Delhi today recorded the highest maximum temperature of 52.9 degrees Celsius in Mungeshpur, which is also the office of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. the Meteorological Department of the Government of India.
