You see that many of the old MPs have lost their tickets and many MLAs have not been elected at all.
When inquired, he said that there has been no discussion in the NPP Block on this issue.
?" asked Hep. “I don't know if you're right.
The court said that according to previous information, there are 50 people who have died in jail or prison since 2012 but the court has called on the families of those who have died in jail or prison. They will appear before the court in the hearing on the 28th of this month.
Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also urged other leaders not to use the FOCUS scheme as an election campaign platform or to benefit anyone or any political party.
Furthermore, the union requests the District Chief to assist by urging the relevant department to send Doctors and Assistants as soon as possible, for the benefit of the residents of Mawshynrut, especially the farmers. and those who are not able to do this work.
The legend of the god Janus is that he is the god of beginnings, the change of generations and he is also the door.
“Let's go.
“We will find ways to resolve this issue as soon as possible,” he said.
The Government of Meghalaya has succeeded in providing water to more than 2.4 lakh households within three years.
These districts and blocks received awards and were also honored for their support in the implementation of the Tobacco Free Education Institution (ToFEI).
According to a report by the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), the floods in Bajali have affected nearly 2.60 lakh people in the district. This is followed by 77,702 cases in Nalbari, 65,221 cases in Barpeta, 25,613 cases in Lakhimpur, 24,023 cases in Baksa, 19,208 cases in Tamulpur, 13,704 cases in Darrang and 6538 cases in Kokrajhar district.
Esron Marwein was appointed as the Chief Organizer, Banstar Mawthoh as the Assistant Chief Organizer and Livingstone Thangkhiew as the Publicity Secretary.
On receiving the incident, Mawlai MLA PT Sawkmie, Mawlai MDC Teibor Pathaw, Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Phudmuri, RS Mawdatbaki BR Kharmujai, Mawlai Youth Wing came to the rescue.
The distribution of food items such as biscuits and water was distributed to Lalan Singh Amse, Stanly Lamin at Umkiang and Shibun Shylla at Lumshnong, Govt.
Bah Sawkmie also appealed to all the office workers to cooperate with the union by stopping working for these two days, although the DC of Ri-Bhoi District, has issued a The order that all government employees must reach their workplaces, as well as the night road closure programme, in order for the union's strike to be successful.
They have been directed to call within 60 days and if any of them do not go to work, then the child will be handed over to others to raise children.
Therefore, to address these issues, he urged the residents to cooperate with the government in all aspects and through this training program on how to know the role or methods of management. of each and every one of them so that they can give something or contribute to become a source of blessing in which they can become the water suppliers in the villages.
In a statement sent by Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC West Khasi Hills, he said that although the land belongs to the government but according to the boundary it falls under the jurisdiction of KHADC and the HYC West Khasi Hills. The village of Siegel.
He said the NPP will support the UDP but the decision of the PDF and BJP to contest even though they are allies in the MDA government cannot be said because they have their own way of thinking. and management system.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 22 : Senior leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Saturday visited Sohkymphor village and confirmed the leaders of the UDP Youth Wing. The Youth Wing was led by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, who is also the President of the UDP, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
For example, when you kill a man, you should shoot a ksew, you should not shoot a cow. Therefore, use your brain like the wise and don't bury it inside the wine.
In this regard, the state government has directed the National Highways Infrastructure Development Corporation Ltd (NHIDCL) to inspect and survey the site and submit a report to the government.
Besides Wailadmiki Shylla, another candidate from Jowai is Allan Keith Suchiang who has filed his nomination paper on the BJP ticket. The name of the BJP candidate is Firstborn Manner.
The victim was identified as Pynskhembor Kharmawlong, 24, resident of Nongrah Lummarboh.
He also urged all those who participated in this meeting to take the decision to fight against such crimes against children in the society and to bring hope.
The injured included Syrpailin Shangoi, driver of the vehicle of the SDPO of Mairang Police Station, who was passing by the scene. Happiness Nongphod (23), Riehtngen Nongphod (21), Labetshisha Nongphod (16) and Simon Nongphod I, 1 year old, are all from Mawsynnam.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Lambok said that the Seng's visit to them is to encourage and support the peace talks and especially the issues that have been standing for many years.
The Fathers, Sisters and family members, on the 27th of June, went to collect the bodies of the six persons, who died in the accident on the 26th of June on the NH- 6 Ri Bhoi and which falls under the village of Umbang Sumer.
Latest reports say that there are many vehicles stuck in the road especially small vehicles passing through this road from Malidor. .
"We will continue to demand that only the right votes should be counted, but this is the beginning of the struggle to rebuild America," he said.
However, this woman has a spirit of giving and a spirit of compassion and helps equally to those who are suffering.
“This process is still ongoing.
The team under the leadership of Ian Vincent as coach, has started training those youngsters who have a desire to learn the sport even though they have little time to teach.
Speaking to the Hindustan Times, Amarinder said, “Let them bring the Citizenship Amendment Bill and get it approved in Parliament and after that it will reach our State Legislative Assembly and we will not Singh said how the Punjab government can challenge the laws of the Indian government.
Khliehriat, March 22: The Jaintia National Council (JNC) has congratulated the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) for taking action to send an inquiry into the incident. The residential school in Byndihati-Umtriya has been abandoned for many years.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The 12 hour curfew of the Sengbhalang ended at 5 pm today and during these hours of curfew, no incident occurred, except for the arrest of Five persons were arrested during the night curfew in which one person from 3 mer was arrested for the stone throwing of an ambulance of the Seng Samla Malki and four persons were arrested for the burning of a vehicle in Pynthorbah.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang, who expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the leaders of the Sports Club, which organized the Inter Dong. as one of the ways to promote sports activities within the village and especially on their ability to provide sports specifically for the children.
He said that when Bah Ryngkhlem refused to pay the money, the President of xJYF promised to spread the political activities of Ma Don.
He said that after the government has set up an Expert Committee to look into the recruitment process, the party will start protesting for the appointment of Chairman, Vice-Chairman and Advisors in various departments of the party. The State Government because this is a waste of public money.
It is accused by other people that our Khasi are happy.
He said that his visit today is not to support the VPP but to support this issue which affects the nation.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today visited Bholaganj village in Shella constituency to campaign for the UDP candidate Balajiedkupar Synrem.
It shows that you are right.
In the last 24 hours, from 8.30 am to 8.30 am, Shillong received 171.2mm of rainfall, Umiam received 131.7mm and Sohra received 131.7mm. , the highest rainfall, with 293.4mm.
He continued in English, “Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to you all”.
Regarding the Primary Health Centre, the village leaders of the area, while talking to this reporter, said that it is very necessary for the government to upgrade the Primary Health Center to a Community Health Centre. Health Centre.
It takes only a few minutes to ask, but we spend months criticizing or asking, “What will he do alone in the House of Commons?” Matthew 7:7-8 Ask, and it shall be given you. seek, and ye shall find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you.
Also present on the occasion were MDC and EM of JHADC Phasmoon Dkhar as the chief guest, FB Basan MCS Project Director DRDA, S Phanbuh MCS, Sywell Lyngdoh DPM Basin, residents and others.
He also directed the relevant authorities to prepare a detailed report in collaboration with CBRI scientists for the rehabilitation of the affected houses. from the sinking of the earth.
Regarding the road from Umshiaw to Umtangling, it will be of great benefit to the people of many villages in the area, because once completed, this road will benefit many villages. and especially for those who need to go to Umroi or Shillong, where they no longer need to pass through Umsning, but can pass through this road, which is faster and easier to travel.
These 47 apps are related or operate through connection with these apps, which have been banned 59 earlier, from China.
Social Media has made it easier; Because it is through Mobile, all the work has been made easier.
“As of now, many of those who have come to discuss the trading license will know soon but the clear message to foreigners is that they should not be allowed to do so. Your trading license is not available in this new EC"
If you don't own it, you don't have a Khasi woman, you don't have a foreigner. How do you do it? Ask for the right documents. Don't believe only your words. You don't have time to get your own jobs and you don't have to drive your motorcycles from the market area. Thank you very much. This will succeed. It's just politics.
The Indian team's schedule for the WTC tournament from 2023-25 ​​is: 2 Tests in West Indies – November – April 20232 Tests in South Africa – November 2023 – June 20242 Tests vs Bangladesh –  November – March 20245 Tests vs England –  June – June 20243 Tests vs New Zealand –  March – December 20242 Tests in Australia – November 2024 – July 2025.
A target of about 5,000 children is expected to participate in the tournament.
He said that in Meghalaya for classes XI and XII the fee has reached T.6000/- and for B.A and B.COM it has reached more than T.12000/- and for B.sc fees are more than T.15000/- and professional courses are up to T.30000/- while in other states it is only T.2500/- for B.Sc and BA,LL.B. The fee for classes XI and XII is T.800-1000/-.
The central theme of this year's National Voters Day is “Nothing like voting, I vote for sure”.
They also demanded that the government should repeal the provisions of Section 186 IPC which prohibits anyone from smuggling government employees who are on duty at the border.
The plane, carrying 49 passengers and five crew members, was named ATR42-300 and was scheduled to fly for only 42 minutes.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Two youths, Tebester Thabah, 40, and Khrawkupar Roynee, 21, have been arrested by the police at 9:45 pm from Motphran this morning. and there arose a dissension among them.
We hope that those responsible will be punished according to the law.
He was the one who gave the recommendation on the applications of his brothers, sisters, mother and wife and signed his name on each of the grant letters.
From time to time, there has been a demand that this scheme should be abolished completely because it has caused divisions in the villages or misunderstandings among the residents or It is true that the MLA will have to look after and provide for the people who support him.
Sangma said that he will send a proposal to the Minister of Tribal Affairs this year to allocate funds for the improvement of Aitnar. The PWD department has improved this road and he expects that they will soon get a good road.
However, there are some youths who have staged a protest in front of Mbose to comply with the rules of law.
The injured was identified as Kenny Son Papang.
Vladimir Putin, on the other hand, has received a demand from the Russians to bring back the troops captured in Ukraine and to take them back to his country without injure nothing.
However, we are surprised that there is no sign of repair of the road,” he said. He also urged all the residents to come out on the 7th to start the road blockade.
He said that the Seng and Umtring Village will seek clarification from the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Government authorities on this matter. threatened to expel them from Umtring.
The Langtharai or Er Kyllang storm has spread across the Khasi Hills since the end of March and there are still reports of natural disasters in the Khasi Hills.
In our state too, it can be implemented in a more effective manner in collaboration with the Dorbar Shnongs, Women's Wing and Youth Wing of the villages and many NGOs.
Nongstoin, Naiwieng 27: Regarding the theft of MBOSE class IX questions, many schools in West Kasi Hills District have not received the information or written notice through the relevant authorities especially the schools in the many of them are surprised to see in the newspapers.
It was after the drinking that Rida's mother told me what had happened between her and Rida.
He said that the party will prepare a report and if the government does not pass laws to prevent these crimes, they will take the report even to the UNO. Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit said that the violence against women in this country is the fourth highest in the world.
It would also be surprising if a fourth world war broke out between Russia, the USA and Israel. Damascus would become a city as prophesied against it.
Phomti Phawa, who suffers from cancer and Covid-19, was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 25th November 2020 and was treated at the Covid Isolation ICU. she passed away on November 27, 2020.
It is to be recalled that the RTI has been filed by the General Secretary of the Sengkmie since May 2023 but even after 30 days the PIO Taxation Department has not received a reply to the RTI. The Chief Information Commissioner's Office (CIC) of JHADC has responded to the complaint by the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) saying that JHADC does not have a Non-Tribal Check Point. The reply of the PIO shows that the gates of JHADC have been illegally used without the permission or authority of the Licensing Officer. Close the gate within a month and if the district authorities cannot close the gate, the union will tied it to the door of the court.
The world knows his name and talks only about him.
The Court has scheduled the next hearing for October 9, 2023.
He said that knowledge will help us all to have a strong reasoning power to make any decision in our lives without being misled by others.
(I have already mentioned that these activities are more common inside the homes than outside).
However, he said that without peace, it is impossible to bring about these and what is needed in this region is peace.
Witnessing the increase in digital activities on social media platforms by old and new beneficiaries and those involved in VBSY, Modi urged them to upload such photos and videos on the Namo App because you can see it every day.
The injured were rushed to Umsning CHC, but due to the serious injuries, they were shifted to other hospitals.
On the allegation by the government that the central government has rejected the proposal to implement the ILP, Agnes said that according to the rules of law, there will be no impact on the existing laws. already.
They have been eating and damaging the fields in the past month.
The group also met with the Minister of DoNER, Dr. Jitendra Singh who expressed his concern about the shortage of funds during the Christmas season.
So after Jesus ascended to heaven, these words were fulfilled because the Temple was destroyed in 70 AD by the Roman armies.
This is a disease, which is spread by the mosquitoes and these bacteria are very common in pigs, where people who get these diseases, get the disease and work quickly. good for the brain.
Jesus did not preach by teaching others.
T. Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest in the presence of other government officials.
HR and Priyanka have been close friends since they starred together in Agneepath which is one of the best films of the past years.
Furthermore, the Minister played table tennis on a cell phone/mobile light.
The Indian army's operation began after 18 Indian soldiers were shot dead and 15 others injured on July 4. The incident was claimed by the NSCN(K).
Gabriel Nongrum from Umskun, Ri Bhoi and Namita Haloi from Assam, both of whom have lost their eyesight and are quick to take the lyngkor as a mother and father to build a new family by completing a happy and honorable marriage.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said that the meeting with the management of KNGC and Jowai Civil Hospital was an opportunity to discuss the problems and shortcomings they face.
“We condemn and strongly warn the District authorities not to slow down this work through their wild actions by going out night after night like thieves.
Referring to the match, it was a lively one in which the students and teachers of the participating schools flocked to fill the surroundings of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium despite the bad weather.
The East Jaintia Hills District authorities have sent a message to the relatives of these workers.
Besides these enemies, wild animals, such as myrsiang, wild boars, khnai and others are also the causes of damage to the pai.
At present, the new government has 45 members, 26 from the NPP, 11 from the UDP, two from the BJP and HSPDP and two from independent MLAs.
The Valley – MawKLOR. Similar to the Valley – ANGEL Fall in VENEZUELA. South America – The Valley – Mawklor which rises from the slopes of the mountains JANIOW – Laitsohum – (B) Language – Voice :- The language they speak is difficult to understand that even those who meet – equally – except those neighbours. understand – because you can't put the Word in writing – of course there are some who are able to speak or write – but many are difficult to write – don't be difficult to write even the villagers because they don't have and in my journey I have found that the language of the MARSKUIN people has become stronger in the way of writing.
Also present were the Sordars of Kynshi Pyllun Village, the elders and the people who encouraged the final match.
Bethany and Nazareth were villages.
“I cannot blame the people for whom I am here to work, the people have given me their love and trust.
Those present on the occasion included Bah Benedict Syiemlieh Vice President, Bah HB Maring General Secretary and other members of the group.
Unlike in the past, the celebration of the Republic Day in the state has been as usual without any incident.
The Minister said that there is a vigilance to immediately resolve any minor incident and to prevent such incidents and development works from the Central Government have been allowed to proceed quickly to these areas. Thanks to the government's efforts, many of the violence in these areas have been stopped.
Shillong: The 10th Mawryngkneng Greater Football League 2018-2019 has been launched at the Mawryngkneng Stadium today.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ms Isawanda said that the ability to hold this tournament came after in the past two months, the Sports Department through the office of the District Sports Officer, (DSO) has been able to hold the District Level Chief Minister Inter School Athletic Meet and the children who have arrived in the city are only those who have shown that they are really talented among the talented. and those who deserve to have such an opportunity to take part in this tournament.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: With regret over the harassment of commercial vehicle drivers from Meghalaya by the Assam Police, who used to check and fine from time to time vehicles from Meghalaya and when The HNYF, Northern Region, today strongly condemned and threatened to turn over the vehicles from Assam coming into the state.
Rather encourage him.9.
Regarding the incident, it was said that the incident happened at 10 pm, when the man fell into the river. he threw him down until he lost his life.
The installation of the Smart Interactive Panels was funded by the District Mineral Funding of the dewbilat factories in East Jaintia Hills District at a cost of T sets including 65" Maxhub Interactive Smart Panel, Inverter and Battery to 40 schools.
Chetia was involved in talks with the Indian government after being brought back from Bangladesh.
From the foothills of the Himalayas in the east to the forests of the Western Ghats in the west, from the deserts of Rajasthan in the west to the water bodies of the east, the birds of India they differ and are as numerous as the places.
He said the government has taken all the necessary measures to ensure the safety of the residents on the border.
Shillong, July 28: Malki FC beat Rangdajied United FC 7-1 in the U-19 tournament at JNS Stadium Polo today.
He said that the loss of revenue due to the mining of coal has caused a lot of loss to the council.
He said that the party will not stop demanding from the government for the youth of the state until the government listens to the demands of the party.
Because the land is desolate, he that dwelleth therein shall be destroyed.
The residents of these seven villages also came in order to take part in this meeting to protest against the land allocation.
According to the District Transport Office (DTO), from 1st July 2020 to 6th November 2023, 74 electric vehicles and motorcycles have been registered. came to register under the shlem.
The visit of the Congress leaders from Delhi is to rebuild and strengthen the party after it has been working for the BJP until it has gained a foothold in many states and the country.
The owner of the vehicle has lodged a complaint with the Umsning Police Outpost.
On the other hand, the Minister of State and MLA of Shillong, M Ampareen Lyngdoh, held a meeting with the SP of Shillong, Vivek Syiem in the presence of MDC Laitumkhrah Malki, Bah Fantin. J Standing.
Shillong: Leaders of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) and the party leaders of the Garo Hills State Movement Committee (HSMC) have met in Tura on Saturday to discuss the issue. He spoke to restart the movement on the demand for a separate state, Garoland and Khasi-Jaintia State.
(This article is based on an interview with the Sordar, Bah Tarsis Lyngkhoi, the Secretary of the Village, Bah Kohelet Dkhar and Bah Phinian Thongni, one of the oldest members of the village).
He said that his statements will not be his own decisions because he will have to listen to the voice of the people, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Village Leaders and others.
The tournament will start from 11-13th June at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium for the women and men in the Under-14, Under-16 and Under-1
KHNAM said that in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Act 1997, the meaning of “Khasi” is clearly defined as a person from the Khasi tribe who may be a Khasi, Jaintia, Pnar, Synteng, War, Bhoi or Lyngngam shall not be recognized under this Act.
The final match will be between Mawkasiang SC and Diengpasoh SC at 1:00 PM. There will also be a third place match between Thangshalai SC and Mawdieja SC. at 11:00 AM, at the Sohryngkham Football Ground.
The President of the District, Bah Charles Marngar, said that many candidates have come to apply for tickets from the Congress party in Umroi because they understand that the Congress party in Umroi is still strong and working. The party is still considering and once it has nominated the candidates, they are the candidates who will win with the support of the people who love the Congress party in Umroi. Constituency, he added.
For the construction of roads to connect the villages from the existing PWD road, it will start from the residence of Dr. Merybell Marbaniang to the residence of Bah Rolet Rynjah and others. at Laban Square, Shillong at a cost of more than T.1 crore.
Williamson A Sangma State University, where from now on, colleges in the state will merge with the state university, and they no longer need to fight for CUET and this means they no longer need to merge with NEHU. On the problems faced by the students in the CUET and NEET-UG examinations, Conrad said the state government would discuss to investigate.
“The advent of various technologies has enabled criminals to commit crimes such as firearms and others,” he said.
Lumpaia Avengers CC managed to score 58 runs for the loss of five wickets in 11.5 overs.
On the other hand, the BJP president said the party is now preparing to register members and will soon close the registration period and later reopen in the second round.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that in order to combat the issue of traffic violations in the the city and in the state, the state police have transformed the system from relying on police services to using technology.
The tournament was opened with a song by Besynta Phawa, winner of Jaintia Got Talent and Defender Pasi.
The Sports Department has been unable to hold the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet in the past few months. After two years of suspension, due to the outbreak of Covid 19, which has prevented the students of the state from participating in competitions to compete or showcase their skills. sap which you don.
Politicians and collectors easily collect money by using the khulom to sign documents.
Willingly Kurbah scored the second goal for Chilliangraij in the 32nd minute and Hamewan Rngad in the 84th minute.
The final of the Khasi Song Competition was attended by the President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar who was the chief guest.
According to the order, only 30 trucks are allowed per day.
Tourism is a source of income that can bring about rapid income growth and social development or employment opportunities for the youth especially in these times of unemployment.
So they were amazed.
John 7:30.
The Addl Deputy Commissioner has directed the shopkeepers to be present in the shops during the inspection and to provide the necessary documents relating to the premises along with No Objection. Certificate (NoC) and other documents required.
In the amateur category, Dr KI Singh, Gaurav Bajaj came second and S Khonglah came third.
“To mei,” said the son.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 02 : It has been an encouragement to the youth of Mawkyrwat and South West Khasi Hills District where as the days go by the youth have started to improve in many areas especially in the fields of education. Four youths from South West Khasi Hills District have been selected to represent Meghalaya at the 44th Softball Senior National Championships 2023 in Odisha.
However, as soon as the work started and became public, the work was done by a company from this state, Dhar Construction Company.
In 2007, the school received assistance from the SSA in relation to the payment of salaries to the teachers and in 2013, the school lost its assistance from the SSA. The SSA has not received any assistance, but the Shnong has contributed to pay the salaries of the teachers.
"GreenNE has grown thanks to the hard work of Ayoshee Beriwal and with the assistance of the state government through the PRIME scheme. In July 2020, the PRIME program was launched by the Chief Minister. u Conrad K Sangma, thanks to the implementation and cooperation of all those who have come forward to start and employ others, which has really changed the lives of the youth and people in the state.
“In the past few months, the talks have gone in the right direction thanks to the cooperation of the state government and the central government.
Meanwhile, the players of Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang failed to score a goal against P.H.E despite their best efforts to score.
The KSU has strongly condemned the Rangbah Shnong of Umkhyrmi for banning the Khasi-Pnar people from farming or raising livestock or building farms.
The purpose of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, 2016 is to grant citizenship to Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsis and Christians who have migrated to India from Bangladesh. , Pakistan and Afghanistan.
“It is impossible to explain better than these words the unprecedented corruption, severe and shameless and also the scams in the past five years under the MDA government. “It's not the NPP's leadership in Meghalaya,” said Pawan Khera.
On the other hand, the leader of commercial vehicles said that the union on Monday met with the DC of WJH to request him to fight against the fastag and to allow commercial vehicles to drive first. The Tollgate has continued to implement the Fastag.
When they came down, they found a leaf of wood near the cave, and they took it and asked her where they were going.
Expressing its condolences to the family, wife and children of Bah Bhalang, the KSU has urged the residents of Nongjri not to allow foreigners to enter and leave the village. The organization will not take any responsibility if it is found that there are those who have violated these rights.
Kashyap said the lead actor will be from Mumbai while the actress will be from Meghalaya and all the actors will be from Meghalaya.
According to Drew, it was because of the problems that came to her and the weight of her mind that she had no way to turn and decided to take her own life. .
The residents who were angry with the KAAC's violence destroyed the signboard on 17th June and there was a heavy clash between the residents of Assam. and the citizens of Meghalaya.
The two parties urged the people to attend the meeting, as well as the leaders of various political parties to attend, with concern for the life and death of the country and the nation. which has affected the dignity of the Jaintia Hills as a whole, by alleging misuse of public money.
The government has acquired 800 acres of land and in the next few months, new offices will be set up to avoid the congestion in Shillong.
State Disaster Response Funds (SDRFs) have been established in many States under Section 48 (1) (a) of the Disaster Management Act,
Kyrmen Shylla promised to take action to talk to the government to find ways and means to develop the place as a tourist destination and to try to get funds for the development of tourism.
The state police have launched an investigation to track down those involved in the case of gate cards placed outside shops in Sohra and Shella.
Umkseh, Jyntru and Umrit, although they now have four points each, Umrit have a better chance of winning chess with one game left.
The death toll in Israel has risen to more than 600 since the Palestinian militant group Hamas began its offensive on Saturday.
It is only those children who are the children of their parents whose happiness does not disappear.
Therefore, I humbly request all the Seng Bhalang to forget any difference of opinion and to convene a public meeting as soon as possible without delay to express our opposition to the current Governor for these reasons and that The Government of India under the leadership of the Hon'ble Prime Minister, Narendra Modiji, should immediately remove Tagatha Roy as Governor of Meghalaya and appoint another Governor if he is a Tribal.
Mary Kom was born on 1st October 1983 in Kangathei village, Churachanpur district, Manipur. She came from a poor family. She is low income and belongs to the Kom community of Manipur.
Therefore, we have to flee on a short journey because we do not intend to go to war but our intention is to inspect so that peace and stability will come in the future. dong that area shane.
Rida, who was responsible for the cleaning, was still busy completing those tasks.
According to sources, a truck number ML 02 L 8159 driven by Siatal Singh, 57, was on his way to Mairang when it collided with another truck. Esser Lyngkhoi, 54, of Umdishit village collided with a commercial taxi number ML 06 5505 driven by Esser Lyngkhoi.
If allowed to be built, the dam will cover Jirang in Ri-Bhoi district, Mawthadraishan and Rambrai in West Khasi Hills district.
Vitamin D deficiency can also lead to fatigue.
“We as the TMC have come at such a time to propose for another power to lead the state,” said Bah Charles.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Pyniaid S Syiem, MDC of Sohryng, today sent a letter to the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Adelbert Nongrum demanding that he should not complete the project. The meeting of all 29 MDCs held on 9th July, 2015 at the CEM's office. The demands of Bah Pyniaid are that All the MDCs of KHADC have met with the Governor to discuss the outstanding Bills which include the Marriage Act, Trade and Inheritance Act and others.
The body was handed over to the family members after the Khliehriat Police Station completed the legal requirements.
We have to work hard for the building of our country and nation.
Shillong, Nailur, 28: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that the Government has spent more than 100 percent of the State Budget on education every year.
Since Meghalaya is the creator of this scheme, it is up to the state government to amend the guidelines to a scheme that is more in the hands of the people, not to allow the hands of the MLA himself.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 121 cases, including 116 civilians.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: All India Trinamool Congress Leader Mukul Sangma on Friday alleged that the Congress President Vincent H Pala It appears that he wants to join the National People's Party (NPP).
He said that many parents are reluctant to send their daughters to take examinations abroad besides the cost of living.
Shillong: The State Government today issued a notice that schools and colleges will continue to be closed from now on.
She also appealed to other political parties to support this issue as it will bring about development in the region as a whole.
Speech was also delivered by Nina Nair, Senior Vice President, HRD Head – India and Americas.
Robert said the BJP has violated the Constitution, why should we continue to fight?
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has expressed its opposition to the news that the Taxation Department of the State Government has implemented the “One Time Settlement Scheme” to reduce about 30% of the taxes. The HYC said that according to reports, it is understood that the Taxation Department of the state has not been able to pay VAT to the state government. The collection of VAT from these petrol pumps in the last three years is estimated at Rs 650 crore.
Shillong, March 24: The allegation by Mohan Pegu, that Angelbeth Lyngdoh Nongpiur, has kidnapped him to Guwahati, is just a ruse to defame her, said Bah George Arthur Warjri. my father.
Almost all the members of the Women's Wing-Nongpdeng Unit are leaders and office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP) who recently resigned from the party due to insults by the MLA/MDC. He is the President of the UDP Mawlai Circle.
They are intelligent, selfish, lawless Christians who do not understand the Bible.
The CEC of FKJGP has also discussed the issue of the signboard between India and Bangladesh.
Jesus said in the Gospel of Matthew 7:2
It is worth mentioning that in areas like Nongthymmai, Demthring and other places, many of the residents of these areas rely only on buying water but the lack of rainfall has prevented even the water trucks from being able to buy water. come and put water in the houses.
He created all things by his command, but he created man perfectly.
In connection with this incident, SDO (Civil) Amlarem, Dr. Abhishek Saini, on Tuesday held a meeting in the presence of SDPO Amalarem Sub-Division, Dr. Seiboklang Buam, SHO PS-Muktapur and BSF troops. During the meeting, the past incident was discussed and a decision was taken to make peace between the two cases.
The Thangbhula area in Nongtalang village is located near the Nongtalang Football Ground, behind the Nongtalang College and is usually completed in November.
Police were informed at 7 pm on 2nd June.
There are many ways to call the Khasi such as Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War and so on. or geographical name called according to the place where the Khasi live.
Many of the residents have been expressing their concerns from time to time and especially commercial vehicles have found it difficult to pass through this vehicle, because the deterioration of the road has been excessive.
The CEO said that according to the arrangement, it has been decided to hold the counting of votes at the hall of the Department of Arts and Culture at the State Central Library, Shillong.
Nongpoh: After the attempted rape by the Nepalis in Umsen village, a border village under Jirang C&RD Block, many residents especially youths from the village, including From the parents and the youth, they have joined the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM).
He said that he has been involved with the people of Nongstoin in many areas and most importantly in the two years that the people of Nongstoin have faced difficulties through the outbreak of the disease and the closure of the dam. in which hundreds of families have been involved in times of trouble.
“This work of children is hidden from the public.
However, before the crowd could arrest him, he escaped in his own car.
The National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) has developed the uniforms to be worn by the staff of both the Houses.
Haowanki Lamin scored the second goal for Saiñdur Mihmyntdu in the 10th minute and Lamjingshai Thawmuid in the 12th minute.
“The government has not prepared properly and thus misleads the Supreme Court, which says that there are 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal, which has already been mined, which is still in the coal mines in four districts. , when in fact, it doesn't exist at all and this is an attempt to smuggle coal,” said Mukul.
The plan is for these ALCs to meet regularly to talk about their challenges and find ways to overcome those challenges.
KHNAM wishes all the best to the Khmih Shillong Group on their way to take part in the Audition of India's Got Talent to be held on the 26th of this month in Kolkata.
Jowai: Regarding the opening of dewbilat factories and the support of the people, for the development of them, Rupang, in the past few days, spoke to Bah Erwin Syiem Sutnga, one of the lawyers. Erwin K Syiem Sutnga: The problem is that what our people should get in reality they don't get.
“The Prime Minister is currently outside the state and we will meet on Monday to take a decision on this issue,” she said.
The objective of this Mission is to strengthen the care of children under the age of 0-8 years and to improve the development of children and mothers.
The residents of the villages along the border of Meghalaya and Assam live in fear and suspicion of each other.
The individual awards are Miss Beautiful Eyes, Miss Beautiful Skin, Miss Beautiful Hair, Miss Beautiful Smile and Miss Catwalk.
The seized cows were handed over to the Police Station for further investigation.
Because there was a shiliangkhmat from the parents and also from the family.
Especially Christians who want only to praise.
Shillong, July 06: The relatives of two brothers who were killed by their father in Nongrah in recent days, have urged that the father of these children should not be released on bail. Therefore, the law does not allow you to be punished with imprisonment or life imprisonment.
Also present on the occasion were the village authorities of the village.
“In the following discussion, the Government, under the leadership of the Vice Chairman, agreed to hold the meeting.
If the people of Assam (this includes the Khasi and Pnar) cultivate more sugarcane in the coming years, I believe that the shortage of sugarcane we are seeing in Assam and Khasi-Jaintia will also improve. it shall not be so.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has also conducted a screening test for diabetes, TB and high blood pressure. ) on Tuesday appointed the District Presidents of Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The Office of the Electoral Registration Officer 7-Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency today announced that it has prepared the amendments to the Draft Electoral Roll of the 7th Amlarem (ST) Assembly Constituency. 01-01-2021 as the Qualifying Date and in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Registration of Electoral Rules,
Shillong, July 16: The Hynniewtrep National People's Movement (HNPM) on Tuesday launched its Ri-War Regional Unit. The Ri-war Regional Unit includes Amlarem and Pynursla.
Jaitley admitted that this is the largest investment in the world.
“We have a brother and two sisters.
In the midst of this thrilling match, the judges decided that Thapa won in order to please the fans.
He said that in fact the Sanad should have expired in June this year, but it has not been renewed in July.
On the same night, police arrested 10 suspects who used Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) to deceive American citizens and identified themselves as Internal Revenue Service Agents (IRSA). They know exactly where people in the United States live, then they call them and threaten them that they have to pay the taxes they buy and they threaten to leave. to their houses if they do not pay.
On electricity, he said it is expected that by the end of the 12th Five Year Plan 2012-17, the state will be able to generate 534 MW of electricity to supply electricity to the state.
The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has immediately denied any involvement in the extortion, as witnessed by the media.
SA KurbahThe case between Bah AS Khongphai and Bah Stanley DD Nichols Roy, heard on 26th June, 1965, was heard by the Gauhati High Court.
The injury to the goalkeeper has put Real Madrid in a difficult position to play without the Belgian this season.
Office ID.10.
In addition, it will also be held inside the most prominent offices of the State Government.
Opaya Syad scored the first goal of the match (54).
Speaking to media after inspecting the road, the MLAs said that they came to see with their own eyes, after receiving the complaints from passengers about the deterioration that has hampered their travel.
In the complaint, Marak said that on October 4, 2020, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya laid the foundation stone for the construction of the PA Sangma Sports Complex.
In the second leg, Pyndenglanglo beat Dong Mawlein United 5-0
The union also urged the DC to take action in this regard by sending a thorough investigation to find out the truth and so that such incidents will not happen. The union also demands that the workers who committed the crime should be punished.
She said that there are about 20 villages which have to pass through this Assam road.
Sangma promised that the Government will create mechanisms to resolve the border issues for the remaining seven border areas including Block-I & II, Khanduli-Psiar, Langpih and others, that no government has taken up this issue which has been going on for 50 years.
Dr. Phervision Nongtdu, Principal, Khliehriat was the chief guest in the presence of Rtn.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The Rising Sun Secondary School, Mawyngkneng, today celebrated its 25th Anniversary.
According to the 2011 census, there are 2.68 crore people with disabilities in the country, and 49.25 per cent are disabled.
This was revealed at a meeting convened by the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee with the office bearers from different blocks of the district held today at the ground floor of the MLA Umsning, Umsaitsning.
He said that the employees of the Shillong Municipal Board and MTC have complained to him about the lack of salary for many months.
KSU Ranikor Circle General Secretary Samla Pynshngain Syiemlieh in a statement urged the Khasi residents of the village and the area not to be afraid. and they shall walk in their own ways.
The match between world ranked Feng and 12th ranked Lakshya started well in the 17th minute but after that, Feng managed to take advantage. the wrongdoings of Sen.
It cannot be said that their departure from the party will have an impact on the Congress in the 2023 elections.
At present, the work is progressing rapidly and according to the target set by the end of November this year, the Ïingdorbar will be opened.
Besides Tajinderpal, Sahib Singh (19.23 m), Karanveer Singh (19.05 m) came second and third respectively while Priya H Mohan won the women's category. the 400m race with a time of 53.40 seconds.
Explaining about the allegation of robbery of other people's land and especially about the allegation of land grabbing in Abri Killing, Christina Mukhim said that she bought the land from Abri Killing. With the knowledge of the villagers and the village leaders, she said that the purchase of the land was in accordance with the rules of the Land Sales Act and that they did not force it. to the place of others.
Customize: The Son doesn't punish his brothers and sisters when they sin, he is punished by the father.
At the same time, she said that she has never received a letter from the Dorbar Shnong regarding this demand for the relocation of these people.
The body of the deceased was taken by 200 people who came with his family, along with two Additional SPs from Assam.
On this occasion, the Seng expresses its condolences to the family of the Singhania who lost their homes due to this incident.
But if you think carefully, you set a good example and allow yourself to choose what you need to say and when.
However, despite many efforts, no one has recognized these talents.
It is learned that shortly after the signal, a strong wind suddenly came and destroyed the houses of the people. The owners of the house were able to evacuate.
While the wealth is being destroyed, the problems facing Assam are increasing.
They are the ones who have been bought by Shah from the Bengali people.
They also discussed the lack of knowledge of the drivers of the rules of driving such as driving slowly, knieh pass slowly, turn rak rak, hiring people at will and the disrespect to the pedestrians which are the causes of traffic jams in the city. .
In his investigation, he found that the Myntdu River and the rice fields of Demthring village on the Mynkrem Khliehtyrchi side are already in danger. in this summer to come with many kinds of diseases from the lyer bih which comes from the snow when the sun is shining.
In this regard, I will not talk about the border and others, but I will talk exactly about the loss of being with the Garo in the same state.
The KSU on the same day also met with the DMHO, West Jaintia Hills to complain to him about the delay in the operation of Namdong PHC. public area.
(If anyone dares to speak against PM Modi, we will hold his hands”.
Sangma said he has the BJP, the HSPDP and two members.
I am the President of the MPLU (Meghalaya People Labor Union).
The SAFF today held a meeting to discuss the incidents that have affected the feelings of various faiths due to the recent incidents especially in Assam where a sister has been raped by the man by being thrown off the boss and insulted.
After 5 months of curfew, we can see the hard work of everyone – Government authorities, political leaders, Church leaders, civil society and the private sector in their power.
He said that to repeal any law, it is necessary to introduce a law to repeal that law in the form of an ordinance or a law passed by the Legislative Assembly.
The first is Bah R.Monarch Shabong, who has joined the UDP. He said that it is for personal reasons that he has left the Chief Minister and National Vice President of the NPP. It is not yet known where Bah Anthony will join, but sources say that he may join the UDP. Prestone said he has been with us for many years since he was in the Congress party.
Bengaluru, November 30 : The Indian Women's Hockey Team on Saturday announced the names of its 18 members to represent the country at the FIH Hockey Olympic Qualifiers Ranchi Ranchi from 13th to 19th July.
The HYC South West Khasi Hills District has also suggested to the KHADC especially the MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District to bring the same resolution in the KHADC Legislative Assembly to prevent the opposition to the mining. skhem more and more.
Nijjar immigrated to Canada in 1996 and was able to live independently as a citizen by working as a truck driver in the country.
“As a club we have a goal to develop talented youngsters in various sports and especially in swimming and we will work hard to achieve our goal that youngsters “They will bring medals and honor to Shella Village and the state as a whole,” said Komen Laitmon President YBSC in a statement.
Shillong: The Union Minister of State for Electronics and Information Technology, Rajeev Chandrasekhar, on Tuesday said that the TMC has promised to provide jobs to the youth in Meghalaya. Meghalaya, is an empty promise, nothing because in West Bengal they have not been able to do what they promised before the elections, which makes the youth to He said that the TMC's turn to other states may be because the rule of West Bengal has collapsed.
Referring to the threat of Article 371, which has been demanded by VPP MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, Prestone said, “If Article 371 comes, it is the night and we can lose it. .
The UDP will nominate Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah, the brother-in-law of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, as its candidate.
This happens mostly during the holidays and evenings which is also the exploitation of earned drivers.
She said that the MDA-2 government is now taking steps to develop agriculture in the state.
Furthermore, after these leaders were sworn in as full members of the KSU, Samla Lambok Star Margnar reminded that the KSU has stood firm until now to demand the implementation of the KSU. ILP, border issues, distribution issues, the party's concern about the unemployment of students and other issues that the party serves.
When asked whether there have been any leaders from any party or MLAs or MDCs who have had talks to join the HSPDP, Witting said they have not yet.
The PC in Shillong should not allow anyone to hold protests because (the NPP) has lost.
During the search, a Hoolock Gibbon, a Phayre Leaf Monkey, two Gray Langur, a Great Indian Hornbill and a wild animal were found. The West Jaintia Hills Police Station has handed over the animals to the Wildlife Department for further investigation.
“We need 2 lakh members, we can register 1.10 lakh by form or offline until April 2019 and now we have started active membership or advanced members, active members means anyone who can register “It's not like I'm going to be able to hold office in the party,” said Shibun.
Those who fail to attend on the scheduled date will not be able to call for the TCST after the 31st of this month.
However, there are still more than 100 Israelis abducted by Hamas and still in the hands of Hamas militants.
Media reports said that the raid on the coal mines has intensified, and several workers have been arrested.
The polling was held on 27th June 2023 and the turnout across the state was 85.51%.
He added that at present there is no living creature in the Lunar River and this has also affected the Lukha River where the death of fish is frequent.
“I thank God for giving me the opportunity to lead the Indian team.
In the Women's Freestyle Wrestling category in the 45kg category, Ribhalang Sun of East Khasi Hills won the gold medal while Rikyntiew Nongrum of East Khasi Hills won the silver medal. Hills.
Raghav Kapur took 44 runs for Meghalaya, Abhishek took two wickets and Sudhir Sahani took six wickets.
The Forum feels that as the Church and people of God, we are called to seek His face and pray.
“I would like to tell you that the FOCUS scheme will work again after the elections and those who have already formed Producer's Groups and those who have already submitted their Passbooks and other documents will receive money from the Group. He said that FOCUS is not a scheme as some have misunderstood, but a scheme provided by the government for the benefit of the people. farmers to improve their crops.
Nongpoh: “Because of the lack of words to convince, many of the candidates when they come to the people in Umroi Constituency, they say that the MLA of Umroi is stupid and doesn't know how to build roads,” said Ma Ngaitlang Dhar. at a public meeting held today at Madan Umroi.
Lamphrang Kharbani said that he has contested the MDC election with the promise to work for All Round Development.
The injured were taken to hospitals while the deceased were handed over to their relatives for the purpose of performing the rituals.
He said that police have informed that the social media account of the group was created by foreigners and they are now looking for those involved.
This book says that the Israelites will be restored to what they have lost physically and spiritually, they have lost the righteous rule of their country.
"“This RTI reply confirms that there is no illegal promotion without complying with the rules, that is, from Firemen, Leading Fireman, Station Officer, Sub Officer, there is no promotion in accordance with the rules. Seniority is a long service in the job,” said Bah Disparsing.
In the 2003/04 season, he scored a century (128 runs) against Assam in the opening match of the Ranji ODI Trophy.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81859 out of which 78957 have recovered and 1408 have died.
The EC said that kilo cutting should be eliminated as it is a disease that can also kill farmers.
He said that the production and distribution of this vaccine around the world will help curb the spread of the disease and will also help reduce child mortality in the future.
These two places are where commercial vehicles like to park.
Speaking at the brief meeting, Bah Pilestar Nongsiej, President of the SWKHDRC&MA and owner of the Kynrewmyllah Adventure Training Centre, expressed his satisfaction that the Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat through the Principal of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat has requested him to provide training to the NCC students of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat. and to provide training to the students on how to provide First Aids for those injured in many areas such as in emergencies, floods or car crashes, fires, and other unexpected incidents, as well as how to provide emergency assistance to people so that the injured can survive or receive treatment before the injured are delivered in appropriate clinics.
At first glance, it seems that Methodism or the teachings of the Methodist Church in England were so strong in the life of Thomas Jones that they gave him the courage to stand up and defend the Khasi who were persecuted by the British. East India Company and representatives of the Foreign Government.
On the other hand, Bah Prestone Tynsong said that the relocation of the residents of Them Metor to Them Ïew Mawlong should be successful.
Besides, there is no attempt by the government to invite private hospitals to set up hospitals to treat tuberculosis in the state.
“While they were taking me to Zero Point Indo-Bangladesh, I called for help and fortunately two women and a shopkeeper who was nearby heard my call and came to help me. and the BSF troops to release me.
The total number of cases has risen to 5,3
That what we are doing now we cannot see now but if we look back 10-15 years from now we will see what we are doing now.
In the junior boys (48 kg), West Khasi Hills won the gold medal after defeating Eastern West Khasi Hills.
Police said that fire engines of the Fire and Emergency Services Department immediately arrived to extinguish the fire and no casualties were reported.
There are many dewbilat factories in the state, but how many youths of the state are employed in these factories.
“Many temptations in these few days but we have not backed down and we have been holding on to our juban lak from the beginning because KHNAM was born on the basis of preserving the nation,” said Bah Pyndapbor.
The Thangkhiew Kurs said that the child Basan was released in a resolution received on the 16th of June this year.
However, the court has ordered to postpone until June this year not to set up any boundary as the hearing is ongoing on the PIL filed by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
That's human nature,” said the father and picked up a fresh chewing gum center to eat.
This lack of electricity has caused the criminals to take advantage of this village.
In the first leg, Nangkiew beat Langsning 2-2 goals on 22nd July, but on this day they managed to score you are the winner.
How many people have lost their lives during Covid 19, but public money has been spent,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
I want to know under what conditions it has been agreed that being an Indian should mean that I should speak Hindi,” Kanimozhi, DMK MP, tweeted. .
Mawkhar SC will play their first match on July 18,
A cash prize of T.15 lakh was also announced.
It would be enough if they joined the BJP before the elections,” said Prestone while responding to a question on the future of the AITC which is still a new political party in the state. elections in Meghalaya for the year
To recognize the Khasi and Garo languages, a private member bill will be introduced in Parliament to include the Khasi language in Article 5 of the Constitution.
Let this position of Rangbah Shnong remain in the hands of the man as it was established by the ancestors.
HF Khongsit, DTO, Shillong welcomed the guests while A. Shylla, Pool Officer welcomed the guests.
Shillong, Jymmang 16 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the Governments of Meghalaya and Assam will hold the second round of border talks in the next two months.
In the two matches of the 3rd division, Kyem SC beat Phanñiewlahneng SC 2-0 and Rangkynsai SC beat Umsawmat FC 1-0 Shillong, Nailar 06 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Saturday launched a football tournament in South Tura Constituency. The Independence Cup Football Tournament was held at Tura Stadium.
Like the Phareng kyiad, the Khasi kyiad also has many varieties and is made in such a way to distinguish one from the other.
Shillong, Naitung: The Meghalaya Government Primary School Teachers' Association (MGPSTA) has been appointed as the Govt.
The police have thrown a bomb at the map in Khyndailad after seeing that all the fire trucks and ambulances have been deployed at the scene.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister has expressed his deep sorrow over the incident and promised to provide assistance of Rs 4 lakh each to those who lost their lives.
The SSC has decided to conduct another examination only in those places where the examination has taken place. steal.
The union together with the residents of Lamin village, said that on the night of 26th June 2020, while they were about to take the patient to Shillong, the driver had already drunk kiad and The key to the ambulance was also removed.
He said that MS Lhuid, DC of EJHD has promised to take action as soon as possible and will also conduct an inspection of the bridge at Borghat.
“We are pleased that the hospital has now started to regain its image as a perfect hospital although it still has to fight for better services and treatment,” said one of the patients. at this hospital, when contacted by this writer.
Even now, many MLAs from other parties will come to contest from our party.
Vice Chairman of the NITI Aayog, Suman Kumar Bery on Tuesday said that if the government wants to implement measures that will not leave anyone behind, it should also think about the 200 million people. paid the nation.
They also urged the people of Mawsynram not to be foolish and not to listen to a man who prays and at the same time, who is rich.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma will leave for Delhi on the 7th of this month to discuss the demand for Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state and other issues. required of Government agency miscellaneous.
The JMB had recently visited Marten, Mawiong but after protests it had to stop visiting Marten.
“Wherever you are, please come home if I as a brother speak, come home,” said the brother to her sister.
However, about 20 percent of these cases are cases where the husband asks for divorce because he has been treated unfairly.
The MLA of the area to help these victims.
At present, the animals are slowly moving away without any judges and it is not known whether they are dead or alive.
EF Gatphoh, MPHF Charter President as the chief guest urged the members to be respectful because Rotary is a worldwide organization and when joining Rotary don't end up in name without work. or perform the duties in accordance with the customs of Rotary International.
The council will fight for its duty, in relation to what they have found and found and the council, will not stand idly by, to allow foreigners to trade or earn money without obtaining The courts shall be appointed by the District Council.
The Saw Shnong Development Council urges the Government, through the MLA of Ranikor, to take action to improve the road.
Voters can also find out whether the candidates who will contest the election are subject to any of the rules and regulations by downloading and viewing the Know Your Candidate App.
I would like to say that as mentioned in many Jingïamir and Tyrko that the relationship between the ADC and the Hima has not been smooth, so I would like to say that the Syiems should also be kind. Member Nongaibuit in the ADC.Phewse, to do so, the Syiems themselves should first seek the improvement of their Himas through the rule of law.
The RO's request for clarification was also based on a complaint that on the night of 8th June, during the NPP election campaign rally in Jaïaw, some people were allegedly supporters of the NPP. VPP who came to disrupt.
Sohkyndur Village Council and the NPP Ri-Bhoi have strongly condemned the robbers who threw stones at the residence of Umsning MDC Macdalyne S Mawlong at Mawleiñ Mawkhan (Ladsharai) on Tuesday evening.
Under 15 Boys' Doubles Lechan Suchiang Nihipaia Suchiang of Lummuroo SS Shangpung defeated Iar I tre Kyndiah and Eabhami Bareh of North Liberty HSS 21-11, 21-1 HSS defeated Aureliana Passah of KJP HSS 21-12, 21-11 in girls' doubles. 20-19, 22-21 Under 15 Girl's Singles Nami Dakahi of KJP HSS defeated Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh of North Liberty HSS 21-18, 21-12 Under 15 Girl's Doubles North Liberty HSS beat Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh Knomika Shylla 21-14, 21-10 Under 17 Boy's Singles Banshan Lamare of Khatarnor UP School, Shangpung beat Hownipaia Sutnga of Lumpung SS 21-1 -10, 21-18 Girl's Singles Alvinia Kma of North Liberty HSS defeated Grace Lalbiakhlui of Adventist HSS 21-15, 21-19 Boys' Doubles Lechan Suchiang and Salonbhami of SS Lummuang Dabiang Sakani Lyngdoh and Alvinia Kma of North Liberty HSS defeated Rohan Tiwari and Chamnahring Pashel Adventist HSS 21-14, 21-1 21–19, 21–11.
“After talking to the law enforcement authorities, the OC of Pasteur Beat House came in the morning and said that the relatives have come to take the body (of the child) and requested us the village to give us the land. “The Dorbar Shnong has given a place to bury the remaining body of the child in the presence of the police,” said Bah Khongphai.
Don't try to misunderstand the Reservation Policy because it is not only misleading but also a shame because the people are now educated,” said Bah Basaïawmoit.
The completion of this project has also brought the honor of the government to bring the rule of law closer to the people without focusing only on the city.
Shillong, July 17: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday announced a sit-in in front of the Meghalaya Secretariat on the 19th of this month from 10 am. until 4:30 pm on the refusal of the MDA Government led by Conrad Sangma as Prime Minister to respond to the demand of the VPP for the reinstatement of the officers who have been dismissed under the the office of the Public Advocate.
Oh God help me.
However, this year is a miracle of God in which so many people have never thought of it and not less than 70 thousand people from 15th November 2020 to 3rd July 2021 have been able to end it with joy. tremendous.
He said that the government officials from the External Affairs Department have inspected all the land and have already talked to the land owners and have paid the compensation of 80 per cent. We are not against the signboard, we want the government to complete this work soon,” he said.
Bah Donboklang also criticized the government for being quick to spend money on various festivals but in relation to the talks to improve and rebuild the future of those who have become addicted to alcohol, it has given but with forty kinds of things.
He said these laws can be obtained by going to Google to find out who made these laws and in what years.
Unidentified robbers set fire to three houses in New Lambulane village in Imphal, Manipur on Sunday afternoon, police said.
On the occasion, the Vice President of the Brahmaputra Board said that the project has been inspected by the Brahmaputra Board earlier and has been informed that it has an area of ​​about 450 mega. Watt.
If the Congress had not taken action, during the tenure of Tarun Gagoi as the Chief Minister of Assam and here in the state by Dr Mukul Sangma, this issue would not have been resolved.
The door was broken, the windows were broken and the Crime Scene Unit (CSU) and bomb investigators rushed to the scene.
Even in those attempts with Roman characters, he encountered many difficulties in writing because it seemed that the translation and the arrangement of characters and meanings in the Khasi alphabet did not make sense.
“Besides, we are from poor families, some of us had to go to work as security guards in Hyderabad but we were able to come back with the help of our Khasi brothers who work there who bought tickets,” said the youths. .
In the last 75 years, the North East has made progress in many areas,” said the President.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Zilla Panchayat, Shidesh Shripad Nai said that their visit was to see the working powers of the District Councils in the state and how they run their work. .
The HNLC leaders, who arrived in the state on 5th July, left for Bangladesh on Saturday for further talks before the second round of peace talks, he said. The four leaders of the HNLC are Vice Chairman Manbhalang Jyrwa, Political Secretary Aristerwell Thongni and Foreign Secretary Phrangkupar Diengdoh. Their bodyguards Aiborlem Marbaniang and Storgy Lyngdoh, who participated in the peace talks with the Central and State Governments under the security measures.
During the tenure of Dr Mukul Sangma, a social agreement was signed with NEEPCO on October 17, 2011, for the construction of a shlem with a capacity of MW of electricity from coal.
On the last day of the 19th, the Langdohs and Wasans do not perform the knia beh khlam followed by the Behdieñkhlam, the iaboh and the iatan bhang, the religious ritual of the Wasan.
Shillong, Nailur 25: U Bah Mathius Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi of Umniuh-Umiamkhwan village, Umiam district has been arrested for allegedly catching an unidentified fish. wonderful in appearance and colour.
Historians say that in Jesus' day the population of Jerusalem was about 50,000 and it was one of the largest cities between Alexandria and Damascus.
They said that if the income continues as it is now, the people of West Khasi Hills will face severe food shortage.
He said that in the West, when people want to walk, vehicles should stop while in this country it is not so.
Sajjan Singh Verma said that when the ksew can work better in other places, there is no reason to relocate them.
Because Shillong is small and the number of Khasi is smaller, he said it is more likely that any secrets will be kept for a long time, and easily. The truth or the falsehood spreads quickly through the mouths of the wicked.
“In Shillong, the Shillong Traffic Police (STP) has seized 755 cases of vehicles with illegal silencers and fined T.7,68,900,” he said. He said that police have seized 17 vehicles with silencers and punished them according to the rules of law.
“The Congress and the Communist Party have tried to disrupt the work of the Parliament without finding out the truth of their allegations and this has been a violation of the rights of the 480 MPs in Parliament. “It has hampered the economic growth of the country,” said Rijiju while talking to reporters in Shillong.
It cannot be said that the history of India's independence also includes stories and events that tell us about hundreds and thousands of women heroes in different parts of the country who sacrificed their lives. life.
According to police, the incident happened at about 11:30 pm when the bus arrived at Nongcham village.  The driver of the bus could not control the bus and it went straight into the river.
This means that Pastor Basaiawmoit received 2569 votes and 2030 votes.
Khliehriat, March 6: A woman from Jalyiah village, East Jaintia Hills District, Phlemon Dkhar, 29, has gone missing since 5.30 am on March The woman used to work in a shop near Khliehriat CHC and said that since this morning she has not been able to reach her workplace.
Although the drains have been dug around the farmland, namely Pyndengmawphlang and Moitbna, but the surprising thing is that the water cannot flow through the drains. found that only 2% and 98% of the wells that have been dug have not received water since they were dug and the wells have been ringed without water.
The KSU urges the government not to neglect sports in the state but to show action in all aspects to help and develop the sportsmen of the state so that one day they can bring name and honor to the whole state.
Also present on the occasion were Superintendent of Police, MPS, District Sports Officer, Damang Syngkong, government officials and dignitaries.
“It was incorrectly stated at the last hearing that there was little more work to be done, but later on, the comment was made that the High Court misunderstood what was said in court," said the Division Bench of the High Court.
Twelve anganwadi workers and helpers from Upper Mawprem Angan Wadi Center have been honored by the MLA of South Shillong constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai. The meeting was held at Nongsohphoh Community Hall, Upper Mawprem on the 14th of June at 10 pm.
The ceremony was also attended by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Sniawbhalang Dhar in the presence of Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, Jowai Doloi Puramon Kynjing, Sein Raij leaders from Jowai, Tuber and others. .
The Nongkhlieh Area Social and Cultural Development (NASCD) has come forward to protest against the construction of these factories in Nongkhlieh, East. Jaintia Hills District.
He said the EC should direct the Rangbah Shnongs to inform the Council and the Government authorities about these refugees.
These amazing plants cannot be seen with our eyes but only under a microscope, but we can see shapes like lizards or lizards on the trunks of trees that they called nodules or tubercles, which are the habitats of those tiny plants called bacteria. ).
You can't leave the Bank, Agency, if you want to improve your business.
Shillong, June 7: A shocking incident has happened to the members of the Presbyterian Church at Baniun Church, Upper Shillong on Sunday. They held a special service to celebrate the day of Jesus' resurrection.
The march started from Madan Patharkhmah and ended at Patharkhmah Market. They carried placards and banners with slogans condemning the border settlement. Even the land which has been declared as Meghalaya land has been transferred to Assam and this shows that the land owners, indigenous people and Raid leaders have no knowledge of the decision. shim beit with the chief minister of the state.
Macmilan Kharshandi, 25, died after being shot while Teiborlang Kharbangar and Ricky Dkhar sustained serious injuries.
On the other hand, Saleng also expressed his concern about the youth from the state, saying, “They will be like foreigners outside their own state”, and said that there is a need to create more job opportunities. to the young man.
After the robbers fled, the victims were rushed to Nongstoiñ Civil Hospital for treatment, but T.R. Sangma died of his injuries.
However, not only Sunil, but Dr Ajoy Kumar, President of the Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee, has proposed to resign as the party leader in the state. The Presidents of Odisha, Assam and Madhya Pradesh have sent their resignation letters to Rahul Gandhi in expression of responsibility for the defeat in the 2019 Lok Sabha elections.
Speaking as the Chief Guest at the celebration of the National Milk Day organized by the Government of Meghalaya at the Central Dairy Campus, Mawiong, Bah Hek said that it is because of the implementation of The Meghalaya Milk Mission has also seen an increase among the farmers, Cooperative Societies and it has now been found that the farming industry has also become profitable and increasing their income.
Head Constable OS Lahkhmie, Constable J Sangma and driver C Lyngdoh were taken to the Civil Hospital by three policemen in a police vehicle. Shiningstar Pala escaped from the scene and at the time of writing of this news, police are still searching for him.
In an attempt to chase the target, Raj Bhawan were denied 130 runs in 31.3 overs after all 40 wickets were bowled out.
The Minister also informed that the renovation of the First Ground is in progress and is expected to be completed by November this year.
Please take your time to attend the event at the scheduled time and place, said a statement from Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit of the North East Dialogue Forum.
On Saturday, Bah Ronnie visited the market as a government minister to inspect the condition of the market.
We do not expect these investigation teams to participate until they have received permission from the Prime Minister or the Minister of Home Affairs.
The DC has also been directed to investigate into the construction of the weighbridge but it has not been implemented yet and the DC should submit a report on this.
Sir Thomas Jones I, learning that Sir AB Lish's attempt to use the Bengali alphabet had failed, so Thomas Jones began to use the alphabet. Novel.
The day was enriched with songs, dances and drama performances and awards were presented to the winners of various competitions.
The 2022 World Cup winner has two more friendlies against India and Bangladesh as part of the 2022 World Cup. was in Qatar.
Meghalaya will play against Tamil Nadu on Tuesday.
“The Special Audit is part of the investigation being conducted by the department on this allegation of misuse,” he said.
"“BSF troops patrolling the Zero Line have raided the residential areas to search the Mawkyrwat-Ranikor road at Khatphra and Mawsynram-Ranikor road at and the city of Balat.
To know and understand that, let me now remind you of the following.
Tit Budam is one of the most cultivated varieties in the world and is also sold especially in the big cities of India because it is a very healthy variety.
The bill will include the protection of the religious beliefs of non-beefeating communities in the wording of this legislation.
The leaders of the indigenous people, especially the leaders of the UDP, because they are themselves in the flesh, are discouraged and very worried at these hours, because if the arrival at Polo, there are not enough people, so the Vincent Pala's group was also present.
When inquired, he said it is the responsibility of the police to ensure that those who have learner driving license sit with those who have learned to drive and those who have a license with a clear sign on the vehicle or two wheeler. which is the letter 'L'
First Color Lathong (Musical Instruments) and Diangmon Sten (Art & Craft), who are studying Class 12 from St. Dominic Higher Secondary School, Mawkyndeng, were selected for the competition. Class 12 students from Government Girls' Higher Secondary School, Jowai will take part in the Aspire Meghalaya District Stars tournament.
On the other hand, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh said that she is ready to take care of all these shortcomings in the PHC in the coming days and will consider thoroughly regarding the upgradation to CHC. There is only one CHC in East Jaintia Hills District, Sutnga CHC, after the upgradation of Khliehriat CHC to Civil Hospital. MDC Musniang Rangad, Phasmon Dkhar, EM JHADC, District Health and Medical Officer, EJHD Dr. D Shylla, ADC EJHD Shri G Warjri, accompanied by Dr. .R Suchiang M&HO, Staff of this PHC, Waheh Shnongs and Secretaries of Villages of the PHC and others.
The poor are sad: the rainy season is a joy for the rich but a sorrow for the poor.
The purpose of the police was to detonate tear gas to disperse groups that could cause danger to the traffic as it was still a time when there were many vehicles coming and going. Vehicles were also diverted along the road to Phan Nonglait Park and the road in front of the Civil Hospital was closed.
According to the legend, the Khasi ancestors did not know the name BHARAT since ancient times.
Six persons who sustained serious injuries were taken to the Civil Hospital in Aizawl for treatment.
He said that since the past after the independence of the state in 1972, the ethnic parties have had the opportunity to take over the government but when they are in India, it is impossible to join those in the government. In Delhi, if the Congress is in power.
Khliehriat, Naitung 1: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSU) Central Body led by its President, Bah Leningstar Rymbai, in a statement, today said that the party has given only four days to the 6th of this month. The MDA government should increase the salaries of teachers under the umbrella of FASTOM and if the government fails to meet this demand, the union has vowed to impose a curfew across the country. This decision was taken at a meeting of the party held today at Tuber Sohshrieh.
I was 18 years old at the time and she was 15 years old.
The foundation stone was laid at a function held at the Soso Tham Auditorium in the presence of the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
Myrsiang replied, "Yes, Syiem, but I am afraid, because I see only the entrance, but the entrance is not there.
Even to be a true follower and supporter is to be a leader because without leadership you cannot make decisions and you can turn to the right and left in the pressure of temptation. which requires that a strong leadership spirit be controlled so that it can develop into true leadership.
A team of five Eyes Specialists will conduct the Eys Check Up Camp in East Jaintia Hills District as part of the 14 days Aloka Yatra program across the North East.
Is it the house or the bar?
According to the employees of this old government factory, the slowdown in the production of dewbilat is due to the fact that the people involved in the work of the machinery or the engineers working do not have the necessary skills. new machine.
On the 23rd March, YC Pdengkerong will play against Man Ibha SC at 2.30 pm.
However, no casualties were reported but hospitals in the city have been warned to be prepared in case of any incident in the coming hours.
The KSU also urged the Sordar Shnongs to think carefully before issuing any documents to foreigners which affects the income of the indigenous people.
According to the CAG report, 67 cases of theft have been seized amounting to T.109.57 lakh while 14 cases are pending for misuse of T.104.39 lakh. foot.
Now it is time for our State to move to the time of Elections – to elect our representatives who will be members of the State Legislative Assembly where some of them will create and form a new Government to hold power in the State for the next five years.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Kyrmen K.Ryja, General Secretary HYC, South West Khasi Hills District in the presence of other members of the HYC.
Earlier, Arunachal Pradesh scored the first goal through Kai Rumi.
In addition, it is prohibited to gather more than three people in any place.
West Jaintia Hills has recorded 115 cases and East Khasi Hills has recorded 206 cases.
“In 2018, the PDF has four MLAs in the 60-member Legislative Assembly.
Children like to play with lighters, therefore, lighters and lighters should be kept out of the reach of children.
New Delhi: Various Middle Eastern countries, including Saudi Arabia, Kuwait and Bahrain, have announced that they will withdraw all goods manufactured by Indian companies from their supermarkets and This was announced through social media.
Okhtyrka is 345 kilometers from the city of Kyiv.
There will also be a blind penalty football shootout with 1st prize Rs.3000, 2nd Rs.2000 and 3rd Rs.
The Chief Minister also spoke about the Meghalaya grass root program where about 500 musicians and singers are paid by the government to play and sing to entertain the people with their talents.
“Two years should have been allowed to end the term of office of Maieid no matter where,” said Fenela.
KSU Mawlai Circle today announced the closing ceremony of the Maishaphrang Khasi League Basketball Tournament
He said that the festival has been funded by the Ministry of Tribal Affairs of the Union Government and the Culture Department of the State Government at a cost of 43 lakh tyngka. by Weskin Enterprises.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung 5: Officials of the PWD Department including Bah Ezekiel Lyngdoh Superintendent Engineer of PWD and Bah Fabian Umdor, Executive Engineer of the National Highway, accompanied by staff of their offices, visited the to meet with the Sordars of various villages of Sohpian to explain to them regarding this road.
She added that traveling to and from the city is not easy because it takes time as well as resources and many people are not able to travel.
If nothing can be done, it will be subject to the penalties under Section 99 of the Act.
The priests and religious within the religious orders fall under their superior who sends them according to the duties required by the bishop or archbishop of that religious state.
Neighbors who saw these people sleeping lyngktar informed 108 who arrived immediately and took them to NEIGRIHMS Hospital, Shillong.
He said that there are many places in the state which can be turned into power plants and at the same time the ability to build such power plants, benefits not only The state but especially the MeECL department has not been able to distribute electricity even to other neighboring states.
There were 15 partner organizations from different states of the North East and the FARM Northeast II will be implemented in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, Tripura and Nagaland to promote agriculture. to implement 14 dioceses in 200 villages of 15 districts in this district.
After a while, Peerless opened the scoring in the 65th minute through Surajit Nayak.
According to Sanbor, the EM said that the reason for the resumption of NoC applications for foreigners from the dorbars is because the Council is in the process of digitizing those who have applied for new and renewed trading licenses.
On the other hand, Bah D.Sun, who was also the chairman of the meeting, said, “The purpose of this rally is to wake up us the people, that we should not just listen silently. “It's a good idea to stay at home without going out on the streets to protest against these criminals”.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided not to issue NOC at all for the construction of the Nongstoin-Wahkaji-Mawthabah road.
They have been charged under Sections 22 and 23 of the Narcotic Drugs Act and are under police custody for 10 days.
According to the source, about three senior leaders have come forward to contest for the post.
This scheme allows the MLAs to discriminate against the residents of the constituency where those who are not supporters, do not receive anything even if the money is not from the MLA's personal pocket, but from the MLA's personal pocket. government which is also public money.
In this regard, the UDA has decided to remind the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, that at present there are three schemes that the state government has not implemented. pat released.
It may be recalled that yesterday, the residents of Jhalupara, refused to cremate the body of Dr John Sailo, at the crematorium of the state government in the area.
The meeting decided to write to the Government of India, various authorities, leaders in the state and the North East to support the UCC. of this meeting," said Mr. Martle.
Instead of taking his children as his own burdens, he went to live with the children of others who were the same age as his own children by hiding them from his life.
At the meeting, the full office bearers of the meeting were elected and confirmed by the unanimous decision of all those who attended the meeting as well as the office bearers and members. organization.
On the other hand, the Secretary rushed to the stadium and found a packet with the words “Bomb Inside, Do not touch the wires”.
Ardent was speaking at the third VPP meeting which concluded the first session in Jaïaw Pdeng on Friday in the presence of VPP MLAs, VPP candidates who lost in this election with the people.
Copies of three letters sent in 2012 and twice in 2014 from the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, to the Government of Meghalaya, which sent these letters to the authorities, were also handed over. KHADC to respond and clarify the demand of the Chiefs to implement the Instrument of Accession and Annexed Agreement signed by the Government of India and the Khasi Hills under the Federation of Khasi States on 17th July
State President Charles Pyngrope urged the people to support the AITC to bring about change in the state.
He said that the suspension of information is only at the request of the Prime Minister.
Commenting on the shocking incident of anti-Christian activities of the BJP, the TMC MLA from Umroi constituency, said that the time will not be long before the BJP-led government, He said that the BJP party as it is now has started to implement its policies, which it has long dreamed of. look and count how many churches we have, how many religious leaders we have and how many Christian families we have in these seven years.
Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the National People's Party (NPP) and Symbud Chief Minister, has said that the NPP will form the new government alone and does not need any other political party. The NPP will win more than 32 MLAs in this election.
He said that a 126 meter long bridge has been constructed by the DRDA through the Committee and Rural Development Scheme at a cost of T.50 lakh and the bridge is scheduled to be completed in April. .
On the other hand, the CEM said that the Council will meet with the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on this issue.
The SP said the IED blast occurred at about 10:30 pm inside an uninhabited house at Syndicate Bus Stand, Punjabi Lane in Mawlong Market area. a man identified as Lakhan Singh and some damage.
“Among those arrested, 68 are from other states including Manipur, Tripura, Nagaland and Arunachal Pradesh,” he said.
From this place we live to farm, such as kwai, tympew, tyrpat leaves, sohmrit, sohniamtra, synsar and others as long as we can work and harvest and use according to our permit to farm”.
A wise leader does not talk too much about himself or others.
This action of the school has shocked many parents and has raised questions to the school whether how even at these times they have dared to issue an order, which violates the protocol of the school. state govt and also which can put the students at risk.
Whoever believes that Jesus is the Gift of God to save mankind, will be saved, which means that his soul will be saved from the SECOND DEATH.Revelation 20:1
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawlai has been facing difficulties in opening the PHC for the past 12 years. The Circle has used RTI to seek information on the failure to open this PHC which has been covered with nuit in the past years.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of East Khasi Hills (EKH) today said that shops recognized by the district authorities will be allowed to open on 25th and 26th July from 9 am to 4 pm as part of allowing shopkeepers to purchase food items for sale to the public in the villages.
They also confessed that they had planned to bury the pylleng even in the backyard of the Rangbah Shnong's house, but the pylleng had broken before they buried it.
She said the TVC should conduct surveys and issue licenses, set up land vendors in all places including markets, provide insurance and loans to land vendors.
Hundreds of people in Mawlai village are like that.
However, with this step taken by the government under the leadership of Bah Paul Lyngdoh, with the step to gather all the church leaders, village leaders and various political parties, perhaps there will be hope that once again to fight the war against drugs which has become the greatest enemy of many families not only those who are rich but especially those families who are still low income.
“I will also respect all religions, if we reach the goal we will talk to the Government of India that our indigenous religions, Seiñ Raij parties will get minority status in India, as the RDA we stand on The basis for the protection of freedom of worship in India, we have seen the attacks on Christians in Manipur, Assam and elsewhere.
With these two victories in the Leagues Cup (group stage), Inter Miami have retained the top spot.
She is a clever woman who plants flowers to decorate her house in her spare time, while her husband (Nor ly) is a coal trader and transporter.
The Officers, Advisers and Auditors have been re-elected for the two years, 2015 –
The semi final will be played home-and-away and the second leg will be played on the 13th.
Article 372 (2) can no longer be implemented after 18.6.1953 see the First Constitution Amendment 1951 to Article 372 of the Constitution of India.
Thus, the subject of man is controversial.
To respect the culture and traditions, but not to block the way forward.
This project, if completed, will benefit the villages in the rural areas.
Because of the good land for cultivation, the residents of each village do not lack food.
It is to be recalled that about 10,000 youths from other states of India have returned to Meghalaya.
However, this is not the case and nothing has been heard of it until now.
This was announced by Bah Khrawkupar Nongsiej, President of FKJGP Mawlai Circle in a meeting with reporters today.
Shopping Complexes/Homes/Offices include Polo Super Market (SMB), shops in Polo area, Hotel Polo Towers, SBI Building, Polo and MeCEL, Lumjingshai.
Another shortcoming of the Council is that there is no MDC shu shieh and the members of the Iing Dorbar are only 29, because according to the Constitution the members of the House should have 30 members including the MDC shu. shit.
Should we make a hero famous with a parody or throw it away?
Informing that the preparations for the college have progressed, the Minister said that they also hope that the Shillong Medical College will become fully owned by the state and not by PPP mode or others.
In South West Garo Hills, there are 3 cases including one high risk, one outside case and one ILI case.
The Entry Fee will be 5,000/- (Three Thousand) tyngka and the deadline for submission of nominations is 2.11.2022. For more information please call: 9485432298, .
It is for this reason that God calls us to repent quickly of those temporary desires of the flesh that deceive the soul forever.
“It is too early for me to say anything on this,” said Bah Khan.
He said that Chyrmang and Mustem will receive development works through the Tourism Department up to T.5 crore and Mustem of T.8 crore and T.2 crore will be used for the construction of a road to connect Iongnoh and Chyrmang.
He said he will continue to contest from the Congress party which the people still support because it is not the MLA who wins but the power belongs to them and they are the ones who elect and win.
The Rules of Procedure of the Legislative Assembly stipulate that on Tuesday, the session of the MLAs will be from 10 am to 12 noon.
According to reports, no one has been willing to contest for the post of President of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh.
“Some of her friends had threatened and accused her of being sent to Brazil, but the next morning she decided to hang herself inside her room,” said Thapa. Pragya is a sports enthusiast and is currently studying in Class X at Morning Star Boarding School in Itahari.
“This shows that there has been corruption by the PWD (NEC) Division and the central government funds and the investigation should be handed over to the CBI to find out the truth,” he said. said Mrs. Agnes.
Explaining about his relationship with Dr. DD Lapang, Bah Mayrald Born Syiem said that he has no reason to speak against Dr. DD Lapang, even though he has left the party. but he regarded Lapang as the greatest teacher in life and whom I should honor until the day of my death, for his leadership in political affairs.
Section 11 of the Act also describes the acquisition of land.
The closing date for applications is on the 9th at 5 pm at the Yhai Shillong office.
According to his forecast, no party will win more than 16 seats in this election.
He assured that the law and order situation in the state is stable and peaceful, which means that no other rules are needed.
However, the party leaders said that the AICC leaders would come to discuss the protests within the party but admitted that their visit was to strengthen the party.
In His hands the sun never sets, He rules mightily, And takes precious souls.
Four buses heading to Mawlai also stop at this place and vehicles leaving to go to the Garikhana area also have to pass through this road.
On the other hand, the party has directed its members to investigate thoroughly to get the necessary documents.
Owan Pajuh was awarded the Man of the Match and the award was presented by Bah Kitborlang Nongrem, President NPYF State Meghalaya.
“We will strongly oppose the proposal to mine uranium,” said KHNAM President Pyndapbor Saibon and HSPDP Spokesperson G Nonglong said the HSPDP will stand firmly against the mining. he is a marpoh ground.
The non-payment of land is very common in Garo Hills.
This law comes into force on 4th November
After performing well in the district, he has also represented the district in the Meghalaya Games 2022 and won the bronze medal in the Under 19 Single Badminton Championship.
After the walk, a traditional cooking was held using the fruits and vegetables obtained from the walk.
Before the start of the tournament, Dr Badap War son of Bah Jerlie E Tariang (Bam Kwai at Dwar Blei), the Rangbah Shnong of Lummawbah and finally Bah N.Thangkhiew, the Chief Guest, delivered a short speech. sun.
He said that KAS has also met with former Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in July 2019 and the current Defense Minister on 24th November, 2021 in Shillong.
J.Wanniang has been promoted to the post of President of Seinduli Circle which was elected by only 14 voters (including 10 voters in Rambrai and 4 voters in Rambrai). ha Mawshynrut), by violating the Procedure.
Stephan Suchen scored in the 40th minute and Stephan Lalthangliana in the 84th minute.
In the district headquarters, wine stores should be located 100 meters from schools, health centers or hospitals as well as from places of worship or churches.
The Congress party has given tickets to two women in the Mizoram elections, one of whom is former Mizoram Minister Vanlalawpui Chawngthu, while Hrangchal is the daughter of Former Chief Secretary Lalhmingthanga, a political leader who died recently, said that although her husband is a Gorkha, she has a Mizo name, Dipen Zoliana is also a Christian and her Rangbah. every Baptist Church of Mizoram.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, on Tuesday said that he had no knowledge of the order to suspend classes and the results of the students, which were announced by the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern District. Khasi Hills for those children who have not been vaccinated against rubella and measles.
“What we see is that this ACHIK has set fire to the illegal implementation of the Roster here in our state,” said Bah Donbok.
We want to educate them, and I have also said that in other states they have to pay money to publish news, the word I remind and let it be so and let the people be wise , we cannot say that the news will end like that.
The State Government has told the Meghalaya High Court that there is still a way to relocate the residents of Them Metor.
The next day, the resolution was distributed at 10 pm.
However, there are other students who are unhappy.
In 1962, during the war with China, Chinese troops reached near Kohima but the Indian government withdrew its troops and sent them to Siliguri. Goodbye North East.
“Support not only fuels illegal and anti-national activities, but also endangers the lives of innocent people and affects the situation in the country. community.
The NITI Aayog recently released its report titled “National Multidimensional Poverty Index: A Progress Review 2023” and announced that Meghalaya has ranked third among the poorest people. .
Although there are those who are afraid of you especially the politicians but we understand that they are afraid of you because you are a wise and brave person.
According to sources, the deceased was also a contract worker of a road construction company known as BSC C&JV which is located in the middle of the road. the area of ​​Shyrwang and Kynshi.
Sohphan shyieng is also good to eat and expensive in the market.
The committee also informed that these graves include the grave of Sabibon Nongpiur, mother of Puri Thawmuidih, Donbok Singh Nongpiur, PL Nongpiur (Bah Bing), father of Slo Thawmuidih, Dili Shabong, Hinti Wahlang, Hedson Khongsngi and brothers. Lumjingthang can no longer recognize the names of these people.
Shillong, Nailar 02: The Political Department of St. Mary's College, Shillong, on Tuesday held an exhibition on the theme “Meghalaya 50 Years of Statehood”. 18th May.
He said tomorrow morning he will leave for Bangladesh to see what Meghalaya can do to trade with the country.
“We request the government authorities to help our village which has suffered from this natural disaster to protect the lives of the people in this village,” said Bah Maron Suting. .
Shillong, July 30 : Ryntih SC beat Mawkhar SC 3-1 in the 11th match of the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Friday at the Third Ground, Polo.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) together with the Government has expressed its regret and dissatisfaction with the preparations for the Fourth Meghalaya Games by the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) together with the Government. participant.
The injured included a Taiwanese and six Indonesians.
Speaking after assuming office as the new Chairman of KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem said that his duty as Chairman of the District Council is to conduct smoothly the training within the KHADC in order to Legislation to protect the customs and traditions of the people of Meghalaya.
The border residents, if they want to get their shares, should apply to Delhi for the border area schemes and there, they will follow up to get their shares.
He said that his appearance to apply for ticket against Prestone is not because he has any reason with him but because it is the need of the area to bring about change in the rule of law.
“I don't speak badly, my uniform can be blue, green, pink, mine is the stamp of the book and I am from the NPP, let the people elect me.
Since 2017-18 we have held public rallies, explanations in the Districts of Bri u Hynniewtrep and around the country.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Territorial Organization (HITO) Shillong City today arrested 18 foreigners from Mawlai By-pass, who were trying to enter Shillong without proper documents. .
From now on, we must look at the tasks that the government should do and if it does not do what it should do, the opposition should strongly condemn.
Shillong, November 4: The proposal to set up the Meghalaya Ecological Battalion has been around for a long time but it has been stalled for a long time. Thursday.
After the Assam Police violated the order of the Border Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills, on Friday they returned to the area with a team of police, hundreds of residents and after talks with the police. The Assam had to flee the area and destroyed their camp and carried away their heavy weapons.
The parts of the house are the door, and the furniture such as the chair.
Speaking at a rally in Nainital, Uttarakhand, Rawat said, “America has ruled me for 200 years, it has ruled the world as one and this is a country where the sun never sets. , but now it has a big problem,” said Rawat.
In a letter dated 29th October 2011, the Senior Administrative Secretary of KPJA, Rev Dr JF Jyrwa, has increased the salary of the Medical Superintendent from T.14,000 to T.22,000 while the Administrative Officer has been increased from T.20,0 000 since October
Mumbai City FC and Jamshedpur FC are now preparing for the Super Cup which starts on 8th June in Kerala.
Speaking on the occasion, he said that this is a sign of the KSU's hard work and encouragement to those who will continue to do so. to be hardworking, for in the study there are many obstacles.
Meanwhile, the relatives of the two men said that after leaving Patna by plane for Kolkata, they will arrive in Shillong on June 12,
The fast was held after the month of Ramadan to complete the month of Ramzan, in which Muslims have observed a month-long fast every day from dawn to dusk. ).
“So after we came to power, we don't want to do anything new but we just monitor and find out what the people want and what they need.
“We have previously proposed to clean up Wahumkhrah and Umshyrpi but the Government of India has not agreed to allocate funds for the project but we have been asked to reconsider, which we are doing now,” he said. sun.
Conrad said that this is not new, it has been implemented in Garo Hills, West Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
Mihsalan Dhar, Publicity Secretary of AJCVA, said that on 06/04/2021, AJCVA has urged the government authorities to immediately repair this road as it has affected the traffic especially this road. which connects the College, the Bank, the Market and the Hospital and other necessary shops.
The meeting discussed only the roster and set up a committee headed by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, the Catholic Women's Association has wished the three children to be healthy and strong.
Shillong: In a statement, the President of the KSU Photjaud Rangthong Unit, Everwell Robin Thongni, has warned the wholesalers or dealers in Photjaud Rangthong Village on the PMGKAY scheme, not to cut even a few kilos. also because it is a loss of benefit and loss to the people of the village who deserve it.
Do whatever you want and I will soon appear before the world and I will be one of the Sangat,” said Amritpal.
The purpose of this amendment is to bring the elected Village Councils to Municipal Councils elected by the people under the jurisdiction of the State Election Commission of the State.
Nongpoh: Two Khasi women who work day hours at the Central Agricultural University, Imphal, ICAR Umiam, Ri Bhoi, have lodged a complaint against Jitendra Chauhan, Dean of the University, for allegedly sexually assaulting him. I also congratulated these Longkmie, who work at the University.
Fabian LyngdohEmail:9856477068The Khasi-Pnar people are in a very difficult situation.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The relatives of Chard Michael Kharwanlang (8 years old) from Sohra who will contest the Top 35 at the Meghalaya Got Talent Show have appealed to the public to support him by vote by sending SMS CMK No.
" Dk.7.
He has prepared about 13 important issues that will lead to the development of the state in the fields of education, water supply, employment, Khasi language and others.
It is like in the football match between Team-A and Team-C. Of course, it cannot be said that there are Jaintia students who play chess better, but how much more compared to the Khasi.
Shillong: Many commercial vehicles parked in Motphran have been driven away by the police on Tuesday, July 23,
She said she had called for help but no one came to help her. Thampanoor Railway Police have registered a case under sections 354, 354 A (1) (iv) IPC against the passengers who did not go to the train. help.
It may be recalled that along the roads in Ri-Bhoi especially the roads to Byrnihat area, the land has been destroyed due to the illegal mining by various companies for their various constructions.
Second turn (after 9 days):- In the second turn, remove the outer part around the skum stalk (10 feet – 10 feet) and cover it well and place it in one place.
The CAU R-1 seed was received from Prof NB Singh, College of PG&AS, Umïam Ri Bhoi District, Central Agriculture University, Imphal Manipur and has been cultivated in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ and Mukhla since in 2020 and it is a good crop despite the heavy rainfall and strong winds as in previous years.
“Hooid kein... We were very happy because she was a good student and we expected many things for the honor of the college and even a job if she continued her studies.
They have become like a field of grain in a vast and vast wilderness.
Rathod said the Maharashtra government has conducted investigations against 84 out of 108 drug manufacturers in the state.
“Many of the residents who went to collect medicines have been facing problems due to the traffic jam for hours on Mawlaingut road due to the movement of trucks.
He said that only those who have been members of the Producers' Groups will receive the assistance of 5,000 tyngka per member and those who are not in the groups will not be able to receive any financial assistance.
Because the gift or acquisition of intellectual power has not been fully developed for this person unless it is also the power to shape a good life.
However, the government through the HPC has decided to send an inquiry to IITs from other states to find out the truth.
Besides, the police vehicles were also searched but nothing was found,” he said.
“We have written to the Election Commission to allow us to announce new schemes,” he said.
The purpose of the introduction of these buses is for the safety of the passengers.
JOWAI: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle has demanded that the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District (DCWJH) should take action to stop the plans of the Karbi Students Association (KSA) and the Karbi people. to march in the border area between Assam and Meghalaya.
Now it is like the Mount of Olives.
The Cabinet also approved the continuation of the NEC Schemes for the period from 2022-23 to 2025-26 with an allocation of T.3202.7 crore.
However, another Bye-Pass road is needed from Damsite to Mawiong to Dawki/Sohra road to reach 7mer.
The KSU raided the Shelter Home on Friday evening, after a video was circulated on social media, showing several young men and women injecting drugs at the Shelter Home.
Simi Khongthiang, who is also a member of the Meghalaya Film Makers' Association (MFMA), said that the investment in foreign films is a mistake.
“There is no letter C in the Khasi alphabet at all but how can those who speak Khasi feel Khasi? us," he said.
He said that there are many difficulties in implementing the Entry and Exit Points as it requires a lot of land and has to spend a lot of money.
The implementation came after receiving a suggestion from former Prime Minister Prithviraj Chavan that investigation teams like the ED should be brought in to clean up corruption from the root in the education department.
The KSU would like to thank all those who helped the child from the Home Minister, Lahkmen Rymbui, CID Branch Officer Aditya Goel, MLP 3rd Battalion and staff of Meghalaya House.
Of course we try by all means to protect ourselves from anything that we know will lead to death, but we can only do what God does not want or the time has not yet come.
Clean all these three hajuh and cover with kynphad.
It will continue to climb to parts of the northeast and reach Khepupara in Bangladesh at speeds of 60-70 and up to 80 kilometers per hour. night of 17th November 2023 and thundershowers are expected in parts of the state on the night of 17th November
We all believe that Israel is God's people, unlike other nations.
Speaking at the brief meeting, HYC President Arbok Kharjahrin and HYC Vice President Mandilous Nongbri gave their blessings for the victory. Maitshaphrang Kharwaniang will leave for the UCI Mountain Bike Eliminator World Cup 2022 to be held in Ladakh in the coming days.
He said what will be done will be decided after receiving the report from the Election Department and the police.
However, about four members of the Executive Committee, who as soon as the Committee started and announced the issues to be discussed, left immediately and did not come back until the Committee was dissolved.
The Nagaland police have built a 20-25 feet tall house that can accommodate about 25 policemen and has its own kitchen.
Pyni Myrchiang scored the second goal in the 38th minute and Slitor Shylla in the 78th minute.
The bus did not sustain any damage, but the drivers of the vehicle were injured, and the school children were not injured.
Shillong: U Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the House and President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), on Tuesday said that the talks between the UDP and the HSPDP for the purpose of To contest the 2023 election, we still need to think carefully now.
A few hours later, another plane was found with two bodies about 300 meters or 984 feet away from the location of the first plane.
The Minister said that he will also meet with the Chairman of the National Thermal Power Corporation Ltd.
A true leader is one who has a spirit of love and good judgment to lead a group or others.
The government has also reformed the working methods of the health department and has also opened up health insurance schemes.
It is to be recalled that Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister, by a Notification dated 4.9.2012, has appointed and published the names of four of his Ministers, Bah PTynsong, Dr. RC Laloo, Bah HDR Lyngdoh and Bah HDR Lyngdoh. Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh as members of the HLC. Besides, he appointed 3 MLAs, 3 CEMs, 3 Hima Chiefs, 3 Civil Society Groups and 3 members from each group. NGOs including KSU, JSU, FKJGP and 6 others.
However, this requirement has not been fulfilled.
Shillong, November 4: The Supreme Court on Tuesday heard the arguments of Madan B Lakur and Justice Adarsh ​​Goel. Basava Prabhu P Patil, Senior Advocate, Manish Goswami, CM Angadi, Rameshwar Prasad Goel and others led by Kapil Sibal, Senior Advocate and Advocate General of Meghalaya. Dr. BP Todi and Ranjan Mukherjee have fixed the decision to terminate the Scheduled Tribe status of Mukul Sangma in June 2017, which is also the date of the hearing of the case.
They have to pay more than the fee to get government revenue.
The victims were identified as Berlin Shylla, 43, and her son Ebiangmi Shylla,
Before going to Raj Bhawan, they met at Motphran.
Dikanchi received the least number of votes from Rongjeng constituency with 2285 votes while Conrad received 17,045 votes.
Another Sri Lankan player, Lasith Malinga, will continue to serve the team as coach of the team along with Zubin Bharucha as Strategy, Development and Performance Director. Giles Lindsay as Head of Analytics & Technology, Siddhartha Lahiri as Support Coach and Dishant Yagnik as Fielding Coach.
During the visit of Mawphor to these areas, it was witnessed that many shopkeepers have had to cover themselves with plastic bags to prevent the pump from entering their shops.
The Sohblei Rumnong performs the ritual, and turns to the fire and the Sohblei Mawroh, who is able to stand at the time of suit klong.
The purpose of celebrating World AIDS Day is to educate and spread the message of love to protect lives from AIDS because only treatment can prevent the spread of the disease.
At the same time, the Nepalese government has sought an explanation from the Russian government and ordered Russia to immediately return the bodies of the six deceased citizens. and also that Russia should pay compensation to the families of all those who died.
This conflict has caused a stir in the Khasi Hills.
Is there really an arrangement between the two Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam to hold a meeting at Khanduli on Tuesday this month? is the question from many churches today.
Earlier, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, MLA Mairang, who is also the Chairman of the State Planning Board, urged the Chief Minister to address the needs of the people of Eastern West Khasi Hills District. He also met with the Prime Minister from time to time to discuss the need for a new district.
He also spoke on other issues including full support for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit and opposition to the Railway led by the Khasi Student Union. Therefore, the Khasi people should be put in place to prevent the infiltration of foreigners into the state.
There were also conflicts between the Ahom (Assam) and Burma during these years.
Bah Vincent Pala said that KAS should also work hard and write Khasi books on customs and traditions.
On the 10th March 2023, Pahsyntiew Memorial Secondary School, Nongkrem has celebrated this special day with the participation of people from the office of the Block Mission Coordinator, Mawryngkneng. , Block, students and teachers.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Denis Siangshai said that these are the preparations of the AAP to contest the MLA elections in 2018 in the state.
According to him, the HSPDP will get only 6000 votes, the BJP and Congress cannot exceed 3000 votes.
The Seng Khasi Kmie through the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee has launched the preparations for the 25th Kiew Pyneh Rngiew, which will be held on the 4th June
N. Kharlukhi.
Fortunately, at the time of the capsizing, there were some young men, who saw and went to help the fishermen, where they were able to help only Bah Rinaldo Syiem and Kong Tiewly Warjri, but another man, Bahdeng, could not be rescued, who is also suspected to have drowned inside the wan.
Mookyrdup scored the first goal of the match in the 70+2 minutes.
Confirming this, the Rangbah Shnong of Umdum, Bah Phimsing Marngar, said that out of the 98 households in Umdum, about 30 households have refused to write the census. because they are afraid of the number 666.
Tomorrow, there will be strong winds of 30 to 40 kilometers per hour and heavy rainfall, according to a statement from the Indian Meteorological Department.
According to sources, the quarries and quarries in the Rani Jirang area on the border with Assam, which are usually operated by the Assamese, are operating at will every day, without the knowledge of the owners. This is the time of the pandemic which is a threat to the people from the rapid spread of Covid-19 between the two states.
“I am also what I am because of the SSA and my opportunity to play in the Shillong Premier League,” said Eugeneson.
Two cases have been registered against Sadar PS Case No. 293(9)15 U/S 420 IPC and Sadar PS Case No. 244(9)15 U/S 420 IPC. police are investigating others involved.
The temperature will rise and we will not be able to breathe fresh air.
Replying to this, Bah Tynsong said that on the 19th October 2023 at about 6:30 pm, police received a tip from the Civil Hospital regarding the abduction of a Khasi youth.
Perspective : Your perspective is not your own; far away, you don't have to see or hear.
He said that for the implementation of the necessary infrastructure for this railway line, the Government has allocated up to T.1.20 crore to connect this hilly area with the border areas.
Shillong, November 22: The NeIPS on Tuesday distributed mobile phone manufacturing equipment to 100 youths who have completed training in mobile phone manufacturing. part of encouraging them to start their own businesses.
Shillong, March 04: The Meghalaya Editors and Publishers' Association (MEPA) has received complaints from journalists in different districts of the state. the number of private YouTubers who gather news around the country, attend various government meetings, and also attend Press Conferences and Press Briefings in the Districts.
Expressing his satisfaction with the smooth conduct of the elections without any incident, the CEO said, “I am very happy that the 18th Lok Sabha elections have been held smoothly and peacefully. you sign.
New Delhi, July 19: There are 2 billion Swiss francs (or Rs 14,000 crore) in Indian banks in Switzerland.
We have also installed the COVID-19 Tracking Web App, the IVRS Calling System, the Corona Care Management System and the Sankalp Dashboard to collect statistics so that the government and district authorities can monitor and assess the situation.
In his speech, Bah Sanbor appealed to the voters of the area to give their full support to the BJP for major development projects.
The departure of the leading UDP leaders in Ri-Bhoi may have a major impact on the MP election especially the MP candidate nominated by the Regional Democratic Alliance.
BJP spokesperson Basu Chakravorty said there were also others from the Congress and other ethnic parties who joined the BJP today.
Four days after the abduction, the whereabouts of the Naga are still unknown but police sources said that he is in Garo Hills in the hands of the GNLA. They abducted a Naga from his residence in Gasuapara in South Garo Hills district, about 180 km from Shillong.
How many children will learn more about agriculture or ancient trades if they are taught to be literate – and literate in various lines of knowledge.
South West Khasi Hills came second with four medals, including one gold and three silver.
The tree fell during a heavy traffic jam in the area where the vehicles were moving slowly and the incident happened while the vehicles were parked.
It was shown that I received T.3 crore but in fact I received T.3.24 crore (Three crore twenty-four lakh) and this figure is in the CEM's hands and no one has received it. CEM).
John 1:10-11.
In this regard, we the signatories below, we would like to make it clear that we have nothing to do with this demand of the Union, and we would like to make it clear that we on behalf of the Waheh Chnongs of Iooksi Saphai, We fully support Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit on the demand for a review of the State Job Reservation Policy.
The village also honored the youth of Tuberkmaishnong village who won medals in the Meghalaya Game held recently at Tura. A. Baranwal, speaking as the chief guest, said, The Waheh Shnong of Tuberkmaishnong, Bah Miki Lyngdoh, has been working hard for the development of the village and has come to express the concerns of the farmers who used to cross the Myntdu River. He urged the Waheh Shnong to estimate the cost of construction of the bridge and to find ways and means to complete the footbridge. beautiful and beneficial to the people.
The Social Media Campaign Teams have 12 members and 12 managers operating in all districts of the state.
“Shad Ñiam Behdeiñkhlam Happy Birthday to you all. Knowledge of man, knowledge of God bless us”.
Speaking at a meeting of NPP youths at the State Central Library, Prestone said that their allegation has become more serious after the NPP has started to protest. 4 speakers while the NPP has thousands.
U Bah Lapang, has not been in good health these days and is currently undergoing treatment at the hospital.
The bomb will be detonated by Abdul Rahman Mawniuh, Muhammed Ali Lyngdoh, Nurul Islam Syiem, Faruq Uddin Dkhar, Zaheer Abbas Nongrum, Abdul Hoque Kharkongor, Nazeer Uddin Khongshei and others. The book 'Ka Thma u Kada' was launched by Mawphlang MLA Bah Kennedy C Khyriem on Saturday.
When asked how many factories will be closed down, the Deputy Commissioner said, “There are 57 factories which have been found to be operating illegally, but 14 factories have Single Window Clearance.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Staising Kharbteng reminded the students that sports activities are the foundation stone to have a spirit of cooperation as a team and this will help to develop the spirit of cooperation in the society. It also helps the students to demonstrate their leadership skills, discipline in various fields.
Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh, Mawhati MDC Charles Marngar and Nongpoh MDC Balajied Rani were also present on the occasion.
He said that he has already proposed to the leaders of the Association that there is a suitable site in Saiden where they can set up a testing centre.
Speaking on the occasion, he said, “How is it, how is it disappearing, how is it disappearing like a storm, because all the covid warriors from political leaders to low-ranking officials eh they fought against the villages.
Philemon, who was an MDC for two terms in JHADC, was taken to hospital this afternoon and pronounced dead before reaching Dr Norman Tunnel Hospital.
“Why are there attacks on us, there will be many more attacks, we can also be killed,” Kejriwal said.
Jowai, Ïaïong 19: The garbage dump in Jowai city for two months has put at risk the residents especially in terms of health due to the terrible smell of garbage from these garbage dumps. ñiut does not lumthup shi bag.
After 10 years since these decisions were taken, the village has been able to bring about cleanliness in the village until it has gained the reputation as a village free from foreigners and free from garbage. if Open Defecation Free ( IDF).
These cows cost T.2 lakh.
Conrad has appointed Prestone Tynsong, Joy Kumar Singh Yunam (Second Chief Minister of Manipur) and Agatha Sangma as senior members of the committee.
Bah D Rapsang as the Chief Guest in his speech encouraged the youth to attend such trainings to benefit greatly in their lives as youth. encourage the youth to develop a desire to learn new information by attending such training programs which can help them to learn and improve in knowledge and avoid lagging behind.
When asked by the reporters, Bah Cherish, whether he has any problems when he has been inside the party for decades, there has been bloodshed, deaths of members and police, but now he has come. “I don't know what I'm doing, I'm doing it on the basis,” Cherish said.
A group of leaders and members of the Union of Village Youth Societies (SSSS) of Ri Bhoi District in collaboration with HDFC Bank, Nongpoh Branch on Monday held a Blood Donation Drive. at the Blood Bank of the Civil Hospital Nongpoh as part of the service to the community.
Shillong: The Civil Hospital, Shillong, which has 115 beds for covid-19 patients, has been closed today.
In the past few days, Vincent H Pala has vowed to file a chargesheet against the MDA government led by Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma for its corruption.
Immediately after the incident, a group of people from Malinibil Silchar, gathered in front of the hospital and staged a protest against the hospital authorities.
Speaking on the factors leading to the choice of teacher, he said, “After completing my B.Sc from Shankar Dev College, Shillong, I am still waiting for my result in
The adjournment motion on the ILP subject in the Legislative Assembly was rejected after the opposition and the resolution tabled by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit of the HSPDP during the session. that's it.
During the raid, they seized 5 foreign shops in Balat, 3 in Nong Umsur, 3 in Nongjri and 3 in Shahlang.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 13: The empowerment of women from children to women and the elderly by the highest authorities has become a stronghold to protect against all kinds of violence. , whether it is in the home such as beating, assault or rape of a woman by her husband, which the law does not provide for to prosecute anyone involved in this act under a special law , known as the Domestic Violence Act and those who fall under this Act have to be imprisoned for many years.
In his speech, he also expressed his concern over the stinginess of the people because they do not have the will to go to the testing centers and test whether they have this disease in their bodies. it does not harm the whole society.
Speaking to reporters, Aminul Islam said that after the Chief Minister of Bihar invited the AIUDF leaders to visit Bihar – there were four leaders. of the AIUDF who went to meet the Prime Minister in Patna.
“The implementation of the UCC without consultation or approval is a threat to the unity of the country,” Vijayan said while introducing the resolution in the Kerala Legislative Assembly.
Chanki Lyngdoh said that during these two days from the afternoon there will be a music competition from various groups from Jaintia Hills and abroad like Calcutta, Guwahati, Kohima, Imphal. organized with the cooperation of Rympei.
Farmers are also requested to wear masks and keep a distance of 4 to 5 feet from each other during harvesting, threshing, cleaning, sorting and harvesting of crops in their farmland to prevent the entry of insects. jaboh and pump pum into the ryndang.
How to apply:Candidates fulfilling the above criteria may apply and the following document should accompany the application:-Crossed IPO of Rs.100/- for General Candidate and Rs.50/- for ST/SC Candidates in favor of the Commissioner of Transport .
Rupang also had the opportunity to inquire from the Rangbah on his intention to apply for ticket and also his goal. His main objective is to take the issues of the people of the region to Modi especially in relation to the ban on mining of mineral resources especially coal. A mother who can listen and help the children because the BJP in power in Delhi will listen better to those who are homeless.
All the tenders of MEIDP have been conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the State Government and have been approved by the New Development Bank.
On the same day, these Khar Assam suddenly blocked the road of a Khasi vehicle number ML-05L-0495 and as soon as they got off, they bombed the vehicle and people. The occupants of the vehicle were injured and survived.
These children from Bangladesh will stay in Shillong until the 5th of this month.
HANM has urged the Rangbah Shnongs in such a tragic incident to immediately open the doors to provide assistance to the affected families.
The funeral service for the Archbishop will be held on the 23rd at 1:00 pm and the body of the Archbishop will be buried near the cathedral.
“Only five years later, in 1947, India gained independence and I have no doubt that Sankalp Se Siddhi will also make India a new country in 2022,” said JJA Lyngdoh.
According to the villagers, the woman and her son went out on foot until they reached a house where the woman used to rest.
Phrang Suchiang (70), who is also a custodian farmer, said that he is very concerned about the people who destroy the environment.
When even once we don’t push the boundary.
John Kharshiing, President, MSOA and Vice-President of the National Rifle Federation of India (NRIF) was the chief guest along with Fantin Joseph Lakadong, MDC of 17 Malki-Laitumkhrah Constituency. DSO, East Khasi Hills, Larina Nongpyiur – Representative, Meghalaya AIDS Control Society.
The media of Meghalaya has so far stood on the basis of neutrality and impartiality and also on the basis of a free and impartial press.
Nongpoh, Naitung 08: The World Vision India Ri Bhoi ADP on the 7th of this month, has organized training in various villages in Ri Bhoi District to improve the welfare of the community. The Life School Transformational Development Programme, which started on 3rd November 2023 in four villages in Ri Bhoi District, has been completed.
Riphi O Shylla led Niaw Wasa to the victory after scoring four hat-tricks in the 24th, 26th, 33rd and 35th minutes.
Before assuming office as the Governor of Manipur, Sushri Anusuiya Uikey was the Governor of Chhattisgarh from 16th November, 2019 to 12th June,
The presence of selenium in the thyroid is a new mineral that can help convert or reduce thyroid T4 to T3
Speaking to media, the Nongpoh MLA said that he has received many complaints from the farmers in Ri Bhoi, who have expressed to him that they are having difficulty in marketing their produce, because they do not They can be delivered to Shillong or to those markets recognized by the Government, namely Mylliem and Smit.
The Jews rejected Jesus because they saw and knew that this Jesus was born in Israel of the Jewish race.
When asked what the Meghalaya government will do if there is a complaint from Assam to build these police stations, the Minister said that these BOPs and Police Stations should be set up in places where there is no There is no dispute with Assam, but they are within the border of Meghalaya.
According to the order of the Deputy Commissioner, the order to allow odd and even numbers will apply only to commercial vehicles including SPTS buses, SSPTS Maxi cabs, red taxis and stems passing from Kashari Point towards Police Bazaar and Motphran.
Kennedy Khyriem said that the sympathy vote will not affect the constituency for Samla Eugeneson Lyngdoh, son of SK Sun, who will contest from the UDP. On the second anniversary of the assassination of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, the Sur of the Bri u Hynniewtrep, which is on the 13th of this month, will hold a sit-in protest, said Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew. Marbud Khar.
Shillong: The Central Scheme Monitoring Committee (CSMC), a special committee appointed by the BJP in Delhi to oversee the implementation of schemes, today under the leadership of Bah AL Hek, Chairman of the scheme. The Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT) has been inaugurated by the Central Government. They have visited Mawiong to inspect the Inter State Bus Terminal (ISBT).
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Davies N Marak, on Tuesday said that many of the youths who are addicted to drugs are those children who come from poor families. He said that there are also those who come from those homes where their parents don't have time to talk to their children because of their busy schedule in the office or other activities with their parents. “They don't have time to teach their children about the dangers of alcohol and these children are alone in their minds,” said the SP. “Children under the age of 20 want to try everything they want, like drugs, some just want to drink, but when “They have experienced and recovered and they cannot escape,” said Davies N Marak while talking to reporters, on the increase in alcohol and drug trafficking in the state these days.
It is said that when the plague comes, the animals see it.
The plan to start the work may take longer after the Prime Minister Mukul Sangma has directed the Urban Department to prepare a plan to rebuild the market after he failed to complete the work. previous preparation method.
Thakur, who visited the state to attend several programs in the two cities of Bhubaneswar and Cuttack along with Chief Cabinet Officer Dharmendra Pradhan, said the The BJP itself has contested the elections with the strength of its followers and it has been seen that it has reaped a good harvest.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Allfondbirth Kharsyntiew General Secretary of the HFU who said that in the state most of the residents are from the state and when the officers take over the job the job will be to serve. for the farmers especially if there is a lack of roads or highways especially in the rural areas it will affect the farmers, if there is no electricity it will affect the farmers and so on.
However, when there was no goat meat, there was a heated argument between the writer and the family of the woman and in anger, Patra fled from the writing place, killing the writer. this is your writing.
He concluded by saying, “I am confident that our children have gained the confidence to move forward towards their goals and future.
Shillong, Naiwieng: The Department of Anesthesiology & Critical Care Medicine, NEIGRIHMS in collaboration with the Indian Society of Critical Care Medicine (ISCCM) on the 18th of this month conducted a transformative outreach program to bring about change. through preaching and training on rescue activities at a program held at NEIGRIHMS, Shillong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Charles Pyngrope said he does not understand why some people accuse the TMC of being a Dkhar party, when it has taken up the issues of Meghalaya.
Last month, the Magistrate of Revenue Ribhoi District, HK Thabah, visited the quarry and found that the owners of the quarry are foreigners without proper documents. These quarries from Umtyrnga to Ranikudam have been closed.
These nine projects have been allocated Rs 230 crore.
Shillong, Nailur 22: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) led by its President Damanleki Lathong has met with Bah Sungoh, Assistant Executive Engineer of MeECL Jowai.
He brings us closer to God (In Touch With God) and gives us the power to witness and live a blessed Christian life by giving us gifts according to His gift. U.It works in a variety of ways and as described above.
Damewanhi's goal is to bring about sustainable change especially after the district has been affected in terms of income due to the ban on coal mining and he will try to remove the obstacles that hinder the development of the people in East Jaintia Hills. The whole district.
In her welcome speech, Ms Hat hoped that the members of the SHGs under the VO will take advantage of the training they have received and make good use of it.
Speaking on the decision taken by the police, he said that they have not yet decided anything because any decision they have taken is after consultation with the family of Bah Che. They warned that there might be a terrible protest because this action of the government has caused the people to become discouraged.
Besides the President and Secretary, other office bearers of SAM were also elected in the presence of the Chairman, Bah Finely L Pariat, General Secretary of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA).
Under this new scheme, the people will benefit from T.5 lakh per household.
Rupang , DTO East Khasi Hills , Bah HF Khongsit , DTO East Khasi Hills , said that the DTO of East Khasi Hills has been arrested . delayed due to lack of staff to complete in-office work.
Sandler, who has been involved in Hollywood for many years, has attracted many through his work which is also a blessing for him.
The Government through the Transport Department after several meetings between the JAC and the Jaintia Hills Cement Manufacturers Association (JHCMA) which discussed the issue even between the Prime Minister and Transport Minister Conrad K Sangma and Sniawbhalang The new price will be available on 25th November.
Before the end of the meeting, the 73rd Foundation Day Stickers were launched and the Unit Leaders were awarded the title of Best Scouts Master-Best Guides Captain.
Hek said that the opposition of Ardent Basaïawmoit and the VPP on the 20th of this month, which is the opening day of the Budget Session, to the Governor when he delivered a speech in Hindi, is inappropriate because Hindi is spoken throughout the country, whether in Parliament and in other Legislative Assemblies in other States. Hindi is spoken in Parliament or in other States. Legislative Assemblies of the States.
According to police sources, Jeff Efisio Mawrie lodged a complaint that on the night of 10th and 11th June, robbers stole his motorcycle (ML-05Z- 5871) from New Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: On the 15th of this month at 1 pm, the residents of Lumbyrting under Nongpoh PS tried to arrest a man named Subanan Ali who was collecting The equipment belongs to M/s Vodafone.
After being sworn in as the new MDC of KHADC on the 23rd of this month, Bah Shylla said that he has retreated from his previous decision that uranium will not be affected in this country. state without consultation with the people as decided by the Cabinet on 1st July,
It is also true that all the leaders from Meghalaya and those who visited the village, whether MLAs or MDCs from the ruling or opposition parties and also from the people of the Hima Mylliem and Raid Marwet, did not visit the village. They don't say anything, except to condemn Assam, because they claim that this land is still part of Meghalaya, through the documents they have.
Shillong, Nailur 09: The Union Government in charge of Rural Development, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Union Government has set a target that by the 2nd March, 2019, there will be no outdoors. family to the toilet.
In this regard, the supporters of the Hills State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) held a meeting at the party headquarters this evening. They support other parties but will remain in the HSPDP led by Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh as the candidate.
Then I ended up going to school in the middle of the year.
After his wife told him he was not at home.
The party has made it clear that it will not stand idly by, but will continue to fight and detain at any time.
Golak Chandra Medhi, Asst. Lecturer, Jirang Govt.
The second issue raised by the union is the Chief Minister Disabilities Pension Scheme 2012 which has been implemented by the government to provide 500 tyngka to those with disabilities. He said that the government has increased the salary to 10,000 tyngka per month.
Shillong: U MDC of Nongthymmai Constituency, Bah Latiplang Kharkongor today announced that he will contest as an independent candidate in the 2019 MDC elections.
Shillong: The preparations for the Lok Sabha elections 2019, have started in earnest, but until now, we don't know whether Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, who is the second candidate in 2014, will win the election. support whom in this present time.
To implement again is at the discretion of the State Government based on the needs of the States.
During his three-day visit, he visited the two districts of Jaintia Hills as well as the War Jaintia Hills.
He said that the list of 139 members of the ANVC-B was not informed by the leaders of the ANVC-B who came to surrender and the government has done this quietly. There are 210 names and the union is still waiting for a reply from the government.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Biangbor Paliar, Vice President of KSU North Khasi District and Bah Ferdinand Kharkamni President of KSU North Khasi District. u (L) Sabbath Priest.
According to the CBI report, out of the 350 candidates who contested for the post of LP school teachers as Assistant Teachers, 255 have received letters from the MLAs for appointment.
“This play of the government to the people of Wapung area has put the people of Wapung area in a state of shock,” said Bah MH Dkhar President of AJYWO Central Body.
Sodom and Gomorrah was burned because there were no righteous people left, not even 10 righteous people.
Details of the election will be released tomorrow to determine the time and candidates who can contest the seat can register themselves.
When God shall smite, who shall be able to stand, when God shall shew his power?
“However, we have said that what MDA-1 cannot accomplish is the promise of MDA-2 to accomplish what MDA-1 cannot accomplish,” he said.
However, this explanation is also wrong and causes many problems.
If it is in Langpih, appoint a person from West Khasi Hills because he knows well the problems of the people.
The tournament started on the 17th and ended yesterday at the NEHU Campus Mawlai, Shillong.
This shows that in the MDA government, those who need development works will be able to participate because they are not from the NPP and the NPP MLAs even if the constituency is no longer needed, development works will be completed. the poor shall increase in wealth, and the rich shall increase in wealth.
S Law, Range Forest Officer, Umkiang, said that the incident occurred at around 10:00 pm local time.
He said that through the Meghalaya Sports Policy, the athletes will get the benefits.
He said that under the rule of this government, the court has clearly shown that they have lost confidence in the Meghalaya Police and therefore has ordered the deployment of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF). ) within the state to investigate the activities of these new communities, the High Level.
Speaking to media after a review meeting with the companies implementing electricity projects in the state for the past decade, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong said, “One of these The Kynshi Stage-1 project has been signed with M/s Athena Kynshi Power Private Limited.
Speaking on the allocation of tickets to any candidate, Bah Witting Mawsor said that according to the constitution of the party, the winner should not be announced in front of the people, but should be decided by the leaders. The elders of the party are not allowed to issue tickets.
When they speak or preach, they emphasize only their own, and little by little condemn those of other groups/religions.
Koffi scored the first goal for Lajong in the 28th minute to make it 2-1
He said that the party has already informed the leaders about the roster system and if the leaders make a wrong decision on this, all the leaders will be held responsible if any problem arises that could affect the roster system. peace and order in the whole state.
He has played his part in the contribution and he is a leader who is different from others because he has a basis for doing the job as he says and not just talking,” said Bah Jemino.
The punishment of the killers is in accordance with the provisions of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the trial is conducted within the provisions of the provisions.
S.Langte, Secretary IATA, said that since the opening of the crematorium, the area and the village as a whole have started witnessing the influx of foreigners and foreigners. from abroad to see the beauty of Nongnah.
The Gauhati High Court on the 1st of this month has directed the Arunachal Pradesh Government to take steps to install CCTV cameras in all police stations across the state.
In East Khasi Hills, 57 cases including 7 cases from Armed Forces and 50 cases from civilians, 3 cases in West Garo Hills, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 5 cases in South Garo Hills. There are 3 cases in East Gsro Hills, 2 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District, 1 case in South West Garo Hills and 1 case in North Garo Hills.
At the same time, the union expresses its concern over the condition of the road which has deteriorated and poses a threat to human life.
The length of the tile is 640 meters from Khyndai Lad (centre) to Umsohsun (Them Bijoy) and from Police Station Road to AC Lane.
However, the Government of India has said that this Act will not cover the Schedule Areas except the Non-Schedule Areas, but in any case, the party arrests people who enter the country. state without proper documentation.
The third match between Caroline Colony and Mukhla Raij ended in a 1-1 draw.
Besides, the alumni of ICFAI Tura Unit held a meeting and formed an interim committee and laid down the agenda of the committee.
We should not choose a person just because we have received money from him, we should not choose a person just because he is rich, we should not choose a person just because he is close.
Fenela 's remarks have been made since the 7th of this month after she appeared at the UDP general meeting held at Motphran during the meeting held by Bah Paul Lyngdoh the last election campaign.
Conrad said this while speaking at the election campaign in Krang for the NPP candidate Bah Samlin Malngiang. “Scientific Mining within 70 days,” said Conrad, who is also the National President of the National People's Party (NPP). The NPP-led state government has appealed to the Supreme Court in 2019 and the court has lifted the ban on coal mining and directed the Meghalaya and Indian governments to create mechanisms. for the Mining Plan and the method of allocation for the commencement of scientific mining.
After Priyanka Chopra revealed the reasons for her departure from Bollywood, it was reported that Kangana Ranaut, Vivek Agnihotri and Amaal praised the actress and at the same time supported and condemned her. Priyanka Chopra has been involved in Bollywood's career.
She said that the VC has a responsibility for the smooth running of the University, but the sad thing is that at NEHU no one has taken care of this.
Many also asked, “Whether the Congress is the true Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly” or whether it is another party.
At such a time, we have to think twice about the poor and needy people who don't have enough money to buy food and medicine. Ration is given free of charge, and the security forces are punished if they make a slight mistake.
We will not hesitate to fight for the aspirations and wishes of the people of West Khasi Hills District even if we have been arrested or intimidated by the police and even to prosecute the leaders of the party,” said the statement. message.
As a Member of the Literary Committee, Seng Khasi Kmie, he has contributed many articles to “Ka Sneng Khasi” and has been a Member of the Editorial Board on every occasion that the Seng has published. Complete Remembrance.
The funeral service will be held on the 21st at Aitnar of the Sein Raij.
It is worth mentioning that a clash broke out on the 4th of this month between HITO members and Police near the DC's office road in Shillong, when HITO leaders and members tried to forcefully turn to the Secretariat after They appeared at Sadar Police Station after being summoned by the President.
Shillong: The HYC Education Cell CEC together with the HYC NEHU unit has reviewed the working methods of Prof Srivastava as VC of NEHU. The union has found that the VC has done many things that have improved the quality of the university in the state.
It was a video, which caught the eye of thousands of viewers, who watched the incident.
Until India took the lead, the opposition started to show their need to score goals at the beginning of the fourth quarter, but didn't succeed due to the knowledge. Boby Singh Dhami, Angad Bir Singh, Aditya Arjun Lalage and Amandeep scored 9 goals for India. -0 and added three more goals before the end of the quarter to take a 12-0 lead.
In a statement to the Chief General Managers of all offices in the region, the State Bank of India (SBI) has said that citizens can exchange notes between T.2,000 and T.20,000 at a time. to answer without verification or without filling out any form.
“We on behalf of the party have decided that soon in the next few days, we will meet with the government authorities to demand that the government should provide assistance to this woman who has suffered from difficulties. “We urge the government to think about this woman so that she will not suffer,” said the leaders of the KSU Wapung Unit.
“They don't remember the Youth Congress when they want to admit membership because they use us only when they want,” he added.
He was also the Secretary of the Assembly for three years.
The trucks were also ordered to stop at one place and leave for Tamabil Dawi at 10 pm.
It would be better if the government set up centers to conduct this test in each block.
May God bless you.
At this Call Centre, residents can inform by phone if they want to provide information or have any problems or can give advice or inform when they are involved in any problems. -kino that apot is the event.
Indeed, the uses of this plant are so many that it is difficult to name them all.
Speaking to media, u Bah Herlambok War, urged those youths who have stolen firearms from the police to come forward and inform the people that they trust whether it is the village authorities or the police. leaders, parents or church members.
Meanwhile, Bah Balaphrang Kharshiing said that he is the only one from this state who has ever participated abroad with others nearby.
The vishal will also start working online to make it easier for the people to get food items at home.
The Supreme Court today handed over 2.77 acres of land to Hindu organizations for the construction of the Ram temple.
When asked why Dengue is spreading in Ri-Bhoi, the DMHO said that the reason is because it is too close to Assam and in Assam, those who get Dengue are those who work. who came to this state.
Forwardman Nongrem, as the new President of KSU South West Khasi Hills District, in his speech, expressed three important areas that the KSU has to do from now on. The second is the issue of uranium mining in which the union together with the family members of (L) Spility Lyngdoh Langrin are still fighting. against the issue of drugs and other crimes that the party wants to fight against in the future. to rad-dyngkhong in order to bring about change and to improve the society.
He said that although the money will pass through the state government, it has been made clear that it should be released to the district councils on time.
The following are the total votes received by various parties in the MLA Election, 2018 from the MLA constituencies under the Shillong Parliament Constituency.
On the other hand, the Umroi MLA said that the government should look into issuing announcements, not just announce without thinking of the farmers, this is unacceptable.
“We urge the students who have learned to work hard to do research in order to raise the name and glory of the jaidbynriew by collecting and explaining our culture and snap as a jaidbynriew so that that tomorrow there shall be no one to mislead the nation,” he said.
When asked about this, Shangpliang said, “There is no such confirmation, because I think you should remember when I joined the party, I had already said that I have joined without fear.
The Surat Sessions Court today granted bail to Congress leader Rahul Gandhi after he appealed against the court's decision to sentence him to two years in jail. in 2019, for his criticism of the Modi family.
He was rushed to Swaroop Rani Nehru (SRN) Hospital where doctors pronounced him dead,” they said.
The Sub-Junior tournament started with the Sub-Junior tournament.
To accuse the VPP of violating the Model Code of Conduct just because the party does not quote from religious books is a complete misconception.
The court also said that there may have been new techniques implemented as most of the coal was smuggled through Gasuapara along with the coal imported from abroad.
It is forbidden to leave the house without proper reasons and vehicles traveling without passes will face heavy fines and those who resist, may be arrested.
BJP President Sukanta Majumdar on Friday accused Mamata Banerjee, who led the Trinamool Congress government, of failing to curb the curfew. and said that she had not looked into it as a ruler.
Lapang said the meeting was aimed at bringing closer the government, the party and the people by strengthening the Coordination Committee.
The MPWU has also demanded the implementation of the minimum wages as set by the Labor Department of the State since July this year.
He replied that he does not know how many days the concert was held or whether the money was paid to the audience.
Our talks cannot be heard completely, but through these publications Christian homes can read them for spiritual food.
“We hope to pass this Bill in the current session,” said the CEM of KHADC. At the same time, Bah Pynshngain said that the amendment to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) Appointment and Succession of Syiem, Deputy Syiem, Electors and Rangbah Shnong of Mylliem Syiemship) (Second Amendment) Bill, 2012.
Besides, life in man cannot be without difficulties, there is no way or path for him to say that he will reach the heights of fame without having to face or walk difficult paths. In life, you have to face all kinds of trials, so that once again the opportunity will open in your life to become like a pioneer or one of the stars that shine above you. sky literature.
Jowai MDC Brightstar Chyrmang as the chief guest inaugurated the training in the presence of Ma Lambormi Suchen and Director Bosco Pnar, Fr. Francisco Dhar.
Furthermore, the Jowai Police Station has registered nine cases of murder.
Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh, former MLA of Umsning, who was defeated by 70 votes in the 2018 election, against Bah Jason S. Mawlong, who is now MLA of Umsning. , but even though Dr. Bom has been defeated, his supporters still love and want him to win the 2023 election from Umsning Constituency.
However, although there are many penal laws that the government warns against those who violate women's rights, many people do not ignore them and fight against these laws, even among many laws that It is warned to punish the perpetrators, but the violence against women is very common these days. It happens even in every household. other).
After several meetings last month, the residents have decided to ask the authorities to recognize Dong Moopyniein as a Dorbar Shnong under the provisions of the Act. clearly stated above.
These two vehicles are registered MLO5 G 0763 and MLO5 P
The Mangtyngka Session of the Legislative Assembly will start from the 16th of June.
He said that as the party, we urge the Prime Minister to take action on these issues which could affect the Jaidbynriew.
After Mukul Sangma's Independence Day speech, in which he urged the armed groups to come to the talks table with the government, only the HNLC has expressed its willingness to talk, while the GNLA, The Garo Hills National Liberation Front (KNLF) has rejected the proposal of the state government, but has decided to fight with the power of the guns to get what it wants.
The Muster Roll workers in various government departments will stop working tomorrow across the state.
They are self-righteous and self-righteous.
He said that the strike will be temporarily suspended and discussions on their issue will continue with the government in July
The 3rd year annual is also not published.
Shillong, July 19: On the 29th of this month, the Seng Khasi Mylliem will hold a Seng Kyrsiew in Mylliem.
Ampati, July 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that all the seven new C&RD Block will start operating from next June.
Many students from Meghalaya have received low marks and without the special assistance provided by NEHU many of them would not have been able to study even at NEHU.
While the Prime Minister was holding a meeting with ACHIK and GHSMC leaders at CMO Tura, a mob started throwing stones at the police and his office, which led to the injury of several policemen.
“As the APHLC was able to rule alone in 1972 under the leadership of Captain Williamson A Sangma, the NPP will now reach this stage,” he said.
There have been 584 new cases of covid-19 in East Khasi Hills today, including 240 cases in East Khasi Hills.
The Ahoms lived in Assam from 1228 to
Three players who tied earlier were dismissed when Tura scored 30/5
Dr. WL Narry, Medical & Health Officer, said that this area has been at the bottom of the list of maternal and infant deaths in the country due to the negligence of women. not to go to health facilities for timely check-ups and not to give birth in health facilities.
The world in Meghalaya is different from others.
The price of piat has now risen to 80-90 tyngka per kilo in the city.
Shillong: Kickboxers from Meghalaya will take part in the Nepal Open International Kickboxing Championship 2019 from 31st June to 4th July
The Dorbar Shnong Mynthong has awarded them with souvenirs and daily necessities and a donation on Thursday at a community meeting held at the community meeting. hall of the village.
We will be careful we will win! Medicine with Prayer.
He said that most of the time when these things happen, our attitude is to blame other races for our backwardness but that idea is wrong because if we turn to politics. It is we Khasi who hold the majority in the Government and also in the District Councils and if there are things that leave us behind, we should blame ourselves and not others and we should have that attitude. that we may reach the same heights as others.
Nongpoh: U Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati, together with officers from the PWD department, on Saturday visited the road from Mawhati to Umsiang. many parts of the road have been affected.
Shillong, November 4: Due to the construction of the bridge at Wah Umngi, the construction of the bridge at Wah Umngi has caused a lot of disruption to the traffic of tourists visiting Mawkyrwat area especially at the Hotspring. is a popular tourist attraction in the entire state.
It is to be recalled that Bah Donkupar Sumer, who is the leader of the UDP from Ri Bhoi District, has had to leave the UDP party and join the NPP on the grounds that he has He said that he strongly opposes the actions of the UDP leaders who have exercised power without following the party's rules and regulations.
To the east: by Pormawlein, Mawkillon, Umkap, Nongmisei, Porthyrnang and Nongriangken.
In the first phase, the government will look into and review before placing them in three out of the nine districts declared as drug hotspots.
There were 252 polling officers including 6 observers and 6 photographers.
Many of these Gentiles accepted but the Jews rejected and mocked him until the crucifixion.
At the time of writing, no one has been able to remove the truck.
The main reason is the increase in the price of food items and the most important items, not forgetting the price of transportation.
“There are bills that make laws that help the people and there are also those that affect the people,” said Bah Mayralborn. the nature of the nation.
Shillong, March 11: A petrol bomb exploded at a puja hall in Umsning at 1.40 pm today, but no one was injured in the incident. The robbers did not fall into the place where they were supposed to fall.
If this is the case, what is the point of appointing these members of the Council?
On another occasion, it was decided yesterday that those who earn T.1.8 lakh, will have to pay tax and this is the decision, which was taken, that those who earn T.50 thousand, will have to pay tax. .
Nongstoin, November 22: U MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, Bah KP Pangniang on Tuesday inaugurated the bridge at Thlong Blei Domshoh Ksoin village. CRRP scheme 2013-14 at a cost of T.5 lakh.
She said one of the reasons for the party's defeat in the four states was the confidence to win while the BJP had done its job well.
Shillong, July 21: The Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, Dr. Mukul Sangma on Saturday inaugurated the office of the Meghalaya TMC at Moulakandi in Tikrikilla Assembly Constituency.
“It is because if the government tries to resolve this issue, there will be another ethnic group that will oppose it, even the Ministers of the Government don't talk about this issue anymore as Ministers of the State but as Garo, to allege that the appointment allocation will aiding is a speech not as a Minister, this is a speech against the people. ".
“According to the President, the Government has called for talks and has promised to do the job.
Even the Rangbah Shnong of Nongspung-A, Bettin Marak, said that the village is very sorry for the order to demolish the shops, as they have been living in the area for 40 years and these shopkeepers have also been living in the area. Umtyrnga and Nongspung-B have been living in this area for a long time, but no one has ever come to talk about this area. KHADC, to issue orders to completely demolish these shops.
Nibiangmon Sutnga scored 47 runs off 39 balls while D Nongpluh and P Pantangia took two wickets each. Rising Star scored 161 runs for the loss of three wickets in 19.4 overs. .
Shillong: The Meghalaya High Court has once again rejected the bail application of former Mawhati MLA, Bah Julius Dorphang, who was involved in the rape of a 14-year-old girl in left.
In this regard, the Department of Housing & Urban Affairs (HUA) has sent detailed directives to the States and UTs to take certain measures to achieve this goal.
The tymmen borabor is the one who is right.
God says: With men it is impossible, but with God all things are possible.
Another match ended in a 1-1 draw between Nangbah Mooknor and Lutituber Ialong.
Therefore, NPIs such as the option to work from home, closure of schools, control of public gatherings that reduce the risk of public transmission help to prevent the spread of the disease.
He said there are 14476 non-government school teachers in the state and more than 4,000 schools.
Shillong, July 16: According to the Shillong Traffic Police, in the past five years alone, about 2018 people have died in road accidents in Shillong.
KHNAM has decided to convene these two organizations on the 15th of this month at a meeting to be held at the Community Hall, Jaiaw Shyiap at 2 pm. “It has not been resolved,” said Batkupar Wahlang, General Secretary of KHNAM, while talking to reporters after the opening of the CEC meeting of KHNAM, which was held at the office of the EM i/c of ​​Trade, Latiplang Kharkongor.
, Mahindra Logistics, Microsoft, Nomura Investment Bank, Pidilite Industries, StateStreet, Tata AIG, TATA Steel, Titan, TresVista and WNS who participated in the IIM Shillong placements.
According to the Minister, the allocation of JHADC is T.20,57,88,586 crore and KHADC is T.36,42,46,169 crore.
Earlier, Mylliem MLA Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the delay in the construction of this road has disrupted the smooth flow of traffic which has caused problems to the residents and passengers.
According to a statement from the Secretary of the Dorbar Syiem Nongstoin Hima, Bah AL Syiem, these companies have requested the Hima not to allow them to search for uranium in the area, but the Dorbar has refused. The KHADC has rejected their letter and sent their letter to the Executive Committee of KHADC through letter No.NS-5/L(13)2014-15/09 dated 30th July, 2015 as a notice to take action. need.
Any disagreements will be discussed.
The sky, or that which is outside the earth, is thought to be bright and dark; however, when scientists reached a solar-powered balloon traveling between 10 and 50 kilometers outside the earth, they found a strange and unimaginable sound. , whether it comes from shaei.
Furthermore, this incident has shocked the residents.
“The KSU respectfully requests the Sordars and Village Authorities not to allow foreigners to come to work without proper documents and not to allow them to enter the country. go out as you please in this whole town," they said.
The killing of this child has angered the residents of the entire Anantnag area and they have expressed their strong opposition.
“We are no longer the future but the present, and the past has passed and we cannot do anything anymore, but you students are the future of the country and the nation.
The Senior Treatment Supervisor encouraged the residents to protect themselves from the spread of Tuberculosis so that it can help the residents to make Mawutieng a TB free village. St. Edmund's College and Unna Bharat Abhiyan have participated in a campaign on TB as part of raising awareness among the residents on the prevention measures against TB. On this occasion, prizes were also awarded to the winners of the drawing competition.
“On the same day, the term of office of the old body was terminated and new office bearers were elected from among the youth of the village for the term 2022-2
Meanwhile, the BJP has decided that former Chief Minister Raman Singh, who has ruled for 15 years, will contest for the post of Speaker of the Chhattisgarh Legislative Assembly.
“We also condemn the working methods of the Municipal Department which has been in the district since 1996 or 1997 which is almost 24 or 25 years of existence of this department in the district, but It has not been able to provide the services as it should be and until now it has not been able to provide even adequate garbage dumps”.
Riia also obeyed as he said.
The great men who have been written choose to serve.
There are also Leaders who have been appointed according to their qualifications.
The NEHU Inter College Football Tournament was held on the second day of the NEHU Inter College Football Tournament.
This species has a strong stem.
There was no information or written submission or planned meeting to discuss the matter.
The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, told reporters that the investigation has already started to identify the people behind these advertisements.
Besides these, there are government employees who have not been paid for years.
Shakira, who is one of the most popular singers in the world is now ready to leave Spain with her children for a fresh start in life.
In South West Garo Hills, 5 cases are at high risk.
Mukroh is one of the 59 villages in Raliang District in Jaintia Hills.
The opening ceremony was attended by Mr. Russell Nongrum, General Secretary, Mr. Khroo Lamsalangki Pariat, President and Chairman, Mr. ANS. Wahlang, Assistant Registrar of Cooperative Society, members of Muster Roll and Mid Day Meal workers from across the district at the meeting led by Kong Dayoo Iakai.
This is announced in terms of Section 11 (1) of the Land Acquisition, Rehabilitation and Resettlement Act, 2013 (Act No.30/2013) to all those involved in this land.
“This clearly states that the quota of SCs/STs has been fixed according to their pay in the States or Union Territories.
“I have a fish pond in Umsning where I caught fish from the pond last year and we sold it at Rynjah market at T.300 and we earn T.60,000 because people want to eat it. live fish that just came out of the pond," he said.
Speaking at a meeting in Mairang, Narayanasamy acknowledged that West Khasi Hills has received many development projects during the Congress rule, including offices and especially the road from Shillong and through the road. West Khasi Hill to Tura, among others.
After the match, Youngest Boys FC won a cash prize of T.29,000 and a trophy while Sakwang SC won T.18,000 and a trophy.
Bah Kiewshaphrang Thabah, one of the volunteers of the area, in the presence of the President and Secretary of the Meghalaya Cricket Association, was the chief guest.
“What else can I say, I'm happy, I don't know what your father will say.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit, Bah KS Suchiang, who is also from Narpuh District, expressed his concern over the illegal entry of foreigners. “On the other hand, we urge the state and central governments to immediately implement the Inner Line Permit in the state. In collaboration with the Vice President of KSU Narpuh Circle, Bah Phanuel Tongper, in collaboration with the members, we have seized a sumo carrying 7 Bangladeshis. “This has prompted us as the organization to search and close the area and in collaboration with the people we have seized this sumo carrying Bangladeshis,” said Bah KS Suchiang.
However, it is learned that 149 teachers from Daddengre, West Garo Hills district have not been dismissed yet, while contract teachers from other districts of Meghalaya have been dismissed. According to a letter sent by the Director of Education, Shri Ambrose Marak, the 59 days deadline given by the government has expired. .
The program was conducted by JHDS Field Program Associate Francis Langlein in the presence of JHDS Coordinator Denis Kurkalang and other Government Officials.
AmenWritten by Mr. Mebanshaniah S.MarbaniangEmail.
The screening will be held on 17th June, 2023 at the same office from 9 am to 4 pm.
Shillong, Lber 19: The Mary Our Help Training Center (MOHTC) has reached a step in its working methods to provide benefits to the students and staff by opening a training centre. under the Grant Assistance for Grass-Roots Human Security Projects (GGP) funded by the Japanese Embassy in India. was launched by the Government of Japan to assist the Government and Non-Profit Organizations to implement many needs such as equipment and other needs in India.
The decision was taken at a meeting of the NSF today. The Federation invites other Naga youths in New Delhi to take part in the rally. I was also involved in this public march.
Although these problems have been reported to the authorities almost every year, it seems that the authorities have not paid any attention.
After being promoted to the rank of PCCF, he continues to hold the post of Chairman of the State Pollution Control Board and now after his retirement, he still wants to hold this post.
Loniak contested the 2004 MP election as a candidate of the Regional Parties Alliance (RPA) with the support of the UDP and HSPDP. and the spirit of KHNAM.
Shiningstar is from Wahiajer and has been convicted and remanded in custody since 9th June
According to information, about 5,000 people went to the war but only about 30 returned, he said.
“We are grateful for the generosity of Eleazer C Dkhar to these families who are facing difficulties in getting food items due to the lockdown to fight against COVID-1
In chasing the target, WKH were bowled out one after another and reached only 57 runs in 15.4 overs, with Daulabiang Shangpliang scoring 6/6 15 in 3.4 overs.
The impact of these drugs will be a serious threat to the health of the people especially to the neighboring villages who are still using the Umbam Umdih from the ponds near Marten. Marten area in Mawlai Mawiong is a place where there is no clean air to breathe. The Drugs and Cosmetics Act 1940 & Rules 1945 have been found to be in violation of the Drugs and Cosmetic Act 1940 & Rules through the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the Government of India or even under the provisions of various laws.
This arrangement has been postponed until now it has reached an end with the government and the teachers.
Meghalaya tried to play strongly in the second half with Dippu Ch Sangma managing to score well and Kishan Lyngdoh in the tied style.
The slaughter of wild animals is one of the examples of wanting to eat, but the soul doesn't want to eat only one or two fish, but without being an enemy until others don't. I can't eat them anymore.
“Poverty is a constant problem faced by all governments and this is not only Meghalaya,” he said in response to the FKJGP's plan to hold a mass march to demand from the government. that the appointment process in government departments should be transparent and fair.
“That’s what you’re right about.
Well, a young man in his early 20s.
During the meeting, the experts and officers discussed the working methods, service delivery through the Government and the cooperation between various departments to achieve the goal.
“If anything happens to our people living in these areas, the Assam Government and the Meghalaya Government should take responsibility,” said the statement.
Through the victory, both the teams have qualified for the Pre Quarter Final which will start on the second day of this month.
Because he saw that they did not grow up.
Regardless of any religious group, all can participate through this budget to build or improve churches, especially during Synod or other large services as well,” said Bah Dios.
On the other hand, Debbarma urged the Governor to fulfill his duties without any prejudice, as he is the ksiang of the Government. Mother.
“There is a feeling that because they have been in power, we are not happy to sit in the opposition and they have been fighting to reach power. “The Congress party has already prepared for the departure of 12 Congress MLAs and it is not surprising,” she said.
In the second match, Mawlyngngad Sports Club beat Mawnianglah Youth Sports Club 3-2
It cannot be denied that the state has started to appear in sports whether it is football, athletics, cricket, boxing, swimming, judo and others.
women and 12 men.
This comes after these schools won the final match which was held on Monday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Two husband and wife were killed and one seriously injured in an accident near Wapung Shnong and Wapung School in East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday.
Other injured were shifted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong, where one of them is undergoing treatment at the hospital and another was shifted to Jowai Civil Hospital.
The government said the door was open for negotiations and that work for the demands of the workers had proceeded as negotiated earlier.
It does not refer only to the income of the country, or the increase in the income of the people, or the number of factories, or the number of technologies.
For we are all brothers, and those who are above us are servants, says the Word of God.
Through this meeting between the village leaders and the MLA, they had the opportunity to discuss many issues needed in the area, ranging from peace and order, economic development, drug trafficking and others. mat conversation.
The committee has directed the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District to conduct an inspection on the project and to send a report on the position of M/S Trinity International regarding the presence of mines. coal.
The release of the arrested members of the North East Petroleum Mazdoor Union (NEPMU) on bail will be up to the court and not to the state government.
Referring to the educational institutions or schools in this era, Babu Teibor Shanpru, said that schools have been turned into businesses, because many of them have set up schools in the rural areas. , are the contractors and those who are members to look after that school are people who don't have the slightest knowledge.
