Those who have completed Class X can apply for these posts and for Agniveer Tradesmen who have completed Class VIII. applications and will be closed until 3rd January
The Jews used the word "dabar" in relation to God and called it "dabar Yaheh" which means the word of God.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) leaders have expressed their inability to withdraw their support from the MDA government for fear of President Rule in the state.
The results can be viewed on the following websites: www.megresults.
The meeting was convened by the Divisional Forest Officer, East Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi (T) with the participation of members of the Meghalaya Land and Forest Owners Association (MLFOA), Hima authorities, from the district administration, KHADC and others.
Another report said that shops will be open for three days within a month.
The competition was held at the Govt.
In the 2013 election, he won as an Independent candidate from Mowkaïaw Assembly Constituency.
“With that desire and that desire has led me to stay in the Sengbhalang for almost 20 years I have done my best to contribute through the Sengbhalang and I still understand that there are still Many issues have been raised which we have not been able to achieve at this time but the jaidbynriew needs the protection of the Inner Line Permit (ILP), the land, the border of the youth, the introduction of the Khasi language in the Khyrnit Baphra and other issues that are still very important as a nation,” he added.
On the other hand, Bah Cornelius Kharhunai, President MBA, gave a speech before the delegation left for Sikkim on Monday. They will play well and reach the goal of victory and bring glory to their family and the state as a whole.
But no one cared or there would have been no complaints.
On the other hand, Prafulla Kumar Mahanta congratulated the Meghalaya government led by the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma after the meeting of the delegates from Meghalaya with the Defense Minister of India. Amit Shah to demand ILP for the whole of Meghalaya.
The MPLU also questioned the vehicle authorities whether vehicles with odd and even number plates require a pass to travel to Shillong or surrounding areas.
"It's just that... I don't understand the way you ask," replied Rida. When her mother heard this, she came out and said, "Why...? I hear what you're saying.
We must not forget that the ban on coal mining has also affected the government's revenue from coal,” said Bah Basaiawmoit.
The hospital authorities are setting up this body for the purpose of carrying out the tasks related to the legal framework and other requirements.
Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has announced a financial assistance of Rs 1,000 per employee to 20,3700 registered employees in the state. the Labor Department of the State Government.
On the same day, a meeting was held with the participation of the players, coaches and speech by Bah Nicolas Jyrwa, General Manager of Shillong United F.C. They surrendered to Rev ST Sangma, the Pastor of the area.
“We have sent for testing to the right place but we have to wait for the report and after that we will find out why this happened,” said Dr Ampareen.
The members of the RBYF, were angry after receiving information that a doctor working at Umsning CHC, had insulted and raped one of the leaders of the RBYF, during the he went to argue or talk about the matter, which relates to these foreigners.
Replying to a question by Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the Legislative Assembly today, Bah Dhar said that the government has been charged by the contractors because it does not have the money to pay.
In the first leg, Rymbai Pohskur SC and Chiehruphi SYWSC drew 1-1
In this regard, Bah Renikton said that the work related to the construction of weighbridges is not within the jurisdiction of his department.
Guwahati: A shocking incident has occurred in the implementation of the National Registration Register (NRC) in Assam. dep decides that you are a picture.
Take about two or three flowers and put them in a bowl of boiling water and leave for about 10 minutes before removing.
Why is this amendment necessary? To show compassion to the discriminated against minorities in these countries, this Act opens the way for them according to the fundamental rights of India to become citizens of India from for their happy and prosperous future.
Speaking of the BJP in the state, there is no fear because the party has not yet won and no one has accepted it and has not won many MLAs although it has won only a few. places.
On the second day of his visit to Manipur, the Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah held a meeting with civil society groups. , dignitaries, intellectuals, retired army officers and officers in Imphal to discuss issues related to peace and stability in Manipur.
The crowd in the border area was very happy.
“The license for Christian marriage is issued under the Indian Christian Marriage Act 1872 which was passed by the District Council in “It's a change in the form because all the forms have been sent by the churches,” he said.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 77280 out of which 74018 have recovered and 1333 have died.
After receiving this information, the Dorbar Shnong Siejlieh under the leadership of Bah SK Thongni as Sordar has called an emergency meeting to discuss the matter.
Impact and Consequences of the Draft EIA Notification
“We welcome the government's decision to increase the salaries of adhoc teachers in secondary and higher secondary schools, but the discrimination against adhoc teachers in primary and upper primary schools is biased,” he said. Babu Khongjirem.
There are about 15 Gramsevak circles in the block but there are no Gramsevak circles in the GS circles.
For OBCs, 34 or 82.93 per cent of males passed and 14 or 82.35 per cent of females.
“The Minister of Health and Family Welfare has already announced that the salary of ASHA workers is T.5,000 but she knows that The government pays them only T.2000 which means they get only T.66 per day.
Shillong, July 9: Dr. WS Syiem, an elderly man, has been cured of cancer by treating himself with herbs.
Then counting the 7 weeks + 62 weeks, and the remaining 1 month is 70 weeks according to Daniel.
Saaya is a member of the People's Party of Arunachal Pradesh.
At the same time, he urged not to insult, speak insultingly to the people who are infected with this disease, besides being affected physically, they can also be affected mentally.
Speaking to media after the programme, Dr. Kharkongor said that the program is to train tourist drivers how to act during this time of COVID-19 and how to The program was also attended by staff of the Secretariat, transport staff and health staff. department.
It should be remembered that once a government minister or MLA leaves the state to go abroad, the expenditure is no longer necessary and this expenditure is spent from the money of the people.
Meghalaya, which has given birth to women, believes that women have more rights than men in terms of lifestyle, financial management and others. other parts of the country where women are limited to the household and perform all the household chores and others.
The celebration was organized by the office of the Mission Director, National Health Mission, Meghalaya.
Shillong CA (A) will play against SCA B. SCA (B) has 8 points and SCA (A) has 4 points.
The Auto Rickshaw (ML 06 2328) which was carrying Um Rupa, collided with the Jeep driven by the rickshaw driver. Croswell Nongsiej (ML 10 A 0955) was on its way from Kynshi and intended to return to Tyngri.
The purpose of the two-day festival is to promote tourism in the area and to create employment opportunities for the youth of the area and to promote environmental protection.
“It's a pleasure for me and it's a pleasure for the owner, maybe she has a very important plan that she hasn't used,” said Peter. “Let's accept my son as my father wants and hope for the best. "It's enough, mother, I'll be happy if you agree," said Peter and stood up to go away.
“The reason is that people also wait for vehicles from this place and also those who earn vehicles also stand in line at this place until it has caused a lot of damage.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the insurgency in the state did not occur during his tenure but it occurred earlier.
Most of the posters displayed across the state belong to the BJP, TMC and NPP. village.
In 2022-23, the production of fish from the State will be 19,373.925 metric tonnes while the import of fish from outside the State will be 15,067.80 metric tonnes.
Shillong: U Bah R Waroh Pde, one of the famous singers of Ri Khasi, has passed away last night, according to reports.
Shillong Lajong's Baby Sunday and Mawlai SC's Donlad Diengdoh are the best scorers this season.
Before the body of Bah Marshall was taken to the cemetery, the last rites were laid at his residence in Mawiong Umjapung by the Father Rangbah Mawiong, in the presence of relatives, friends and relatives. friends, neighbours, and others who have come.
A souvenir of the MS&CC was also launched. The MS&CC on the occasion of its 30th Anniversary has organized various sports competitions.
The torture and death on the Cross is not surprising because the Bible clearly states that Jesus had to suffer and die for the sake of reconciliation between man and God. the first man wrote laws and made laws at that time when the earth was still in its infancy.
When inquired from the National Informatic Center (NIC) which is the opener of the Scholarship Gateway for all the states, they said that even after being sent by the State Government; They refused to open because the government has not yet released all the fees of the children who have registered since last year.
And those villages which are fortunate to have skilled leaders to implement the schemes properly can easily distribute capacity buildings to the villagers so that they can live in their villages with pride.
" so children are really the future of their parents and the future of that family itself.
The implementation of 144 CRPC today is only the compliance of the DCs and Magistrates with the order of the government.
Through this festival and ceremony, it also showcases the richness of the traditional customs and culture of the Raid Nongtung, from the traditional food and drink, the traditional dances that have been preserved since ancient times. save to this day.
This is Flipkart's second headquarters, after Coimbatore, where almost all the work is done by women.
The District Election Officer, Ri Bhoi District, has informed that any party, which wishes to invite election candidates to their meetings, must first seek permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner. whoever violates it shall be subject to the provisions of the law.
Shillong, July 22: U Rophul S. Marak in a statement today appealed to the kidnappers to release the father of Father Francis N Marak. he didn't hurt anything.
He added that at that time there was a desire to introduce a Khaddar Government. “The Government Act 1909 was introduced, before the Constitution of India was passed, there was a report. It was during this period that the seeds of the Khasi Jaintia State were sown and it was from the ideas of the elders of Hynniewtrep that the Khasi National emerged. Dorbar on the 14th of July 1923, and this was the beginning of their creation with the desire to protect the culture, the snap of the nation.
It is alleged that the North Garo Hills Police have failed to register a case against the contractor, which has forced him to file a complaint in the High Court of the state.
"He can attract the attention of people all over the world," he said.
The Minister said that the reason is the blockage of the water pipes and this causes the water to accumulate a lot and when it accumulates for a long time it starts to flow again from the source.
The leaders should be surprised if they understand that their political activities are really destroying and destroying the villages so that the leader should be a true teacher and advisor to the people in the rural areas otherwise the people will not listen. or they will not be counted as human beings because of their insults to the people who oppose them during the elections.
When asked whether the government intends to provide electricity to these villages in the future, the Minister said, yes, it intends to provide electricity to all the villages. who have not yet received electricity through any scheme to be funded by the Central Government.
The Minister also distributed ration cards to several beneficiaries of this scheme.
Panah gave him a plate of shaw.
The singers of the song include Khlaiñbor Kharpan and Jurisha Kharmawphlang and the music and recording is done by Frankie Nongrum, resident of Lumshiap.
Archbishop Emeritus MC Thomas SDB, DD of Guwahati, Bishop John of Itanagar Diocese, Bishop Victor Lyngdoh of Jowai Diocese and priests were present at the ceremony.
Obesity in children is a leading cause of poor health and can affect both physical and mental health.
Speaking on the involvement of women in the activities of various Self Help Groups, he said that this has improved in the field of economic development and health.
Mathews scored 47 runs at the start of the match at Basin Reserve and his team reached 305/6 to continue. They have kept their hopes of qualifying for the ICC World Test Championship final against Australia in July this year.
Youngstar FC beat Tynring FC 6-5 in the tie-breaker. In the second match, Mawlyndep SC beat Iatyllilang 2-0 SC. The first goal was scored by Rikmen Nongrum in the 24th minute, and the second goal was scored by Rikmen Nongrum in the 34th minute.
The MIPRL said that the two men, who were shot dead by the police yesterday, will be buried tomorrow. They are Bah Direst Siangshai, who left behind his wife, Momty Muksor and her three-year-old son Fernando and one-year-old daughter.
The 10-day Sohniamtra Festival concluded with the distribution of syrnot to the farmers. KN Kumar, Additional Chief Secretary, Agriculture Production Commissioner, Meghalaya, distributed the syrnot to the farmers. reward.
The Government of India and the State Government have started to provide some assistance and those are that if you pay T.700 per month to the contractor, or T.1,000 per month to the mystery, T.3,000 to those who have stayed outside the State and T.500 per household or T.500 to the account of a poor woman. but they shall not be able to help anyone.
In the east, Hezbollah militants continue to fire at the Israeli border.
Soon the devil will be allowed to enter the synagogue.
The initiation of this program is specifically for those areas where the registration rate is low and reaches only about 20% especially in these urban areas.
The Chief Guest also noted that such competitions not only show physical strength but also contribute to the mental health of the participants.
On the other hand, Dr Verghese said that the new treatment options that the hospital can provide include Diagnostic & Therapeutic Upper GI Endoscopy, Biliary Plastic Stent Placement and SEMS Placement, Diagnostic and Therapeutic Lower GI Endoscopy' and others.
“Those who used to call themselves leaders become auctioneers and those who call themselves to protect the nation are doing wrong and as a nation we should understand this,” he said.
Conrad recalled that his father was raised by the priests until he grew up in knowledge and how to serve the people.
Because it is also said that the deeper you fall, the less oxygen you have to breathe.
The Supreme Court has announced this since July 3 last year, but it has not been auctioned yet,” he said.
The tournament also witnessed a standard form of participation in which the participants also showcased their skills in the field of Kata (form) and Kumite ( sparring) which also showed that they had been trained for many months or years which also caused the witnesses to praise them.
" (Lk 1:35).
It is important that we understand what CAA, NPR and NRC are, we need to remind and educate the people, because the fire has already been extinguished and this fire will destroy the homes of those who violate the rights of the people. of you if you don't surprise people.
We stand because we understand that the country has declined slowly because it is not only corruption, but it is the corruption of our rulers,” said the President of the party.
Pa'iem KM Syiemlieh, Deputy Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, said that Tirot Singh was the first to attack the British troops in India until he was arrested by the British troops and imprisoned in Dhaka is the capital of Bangladesh today.
Ibalarisa L.Nonglait won the 40kg category and Cazilia L. Mawphlang won the 28kg category.
We sat and talked, we ate step together and there was nothing on the discussion but the discussion went on for a long time on many issues including the border issue,” he said. Unlike what happened in the past months and months, we have not been able to meet again.
He said the Congress will set up a committee headed by MPCC President Vincent H Pala, which will include all the MLAs of the party, to read and discuss. and to explain more about the reservation policy and roster system.
He said that it is necessary to preserve the water sources and avoid the spread of trees because if they do not take care of them, the time will come when 'water will be more precious than water. ksiar' and they shall be thirsty.
How many times have you been there?
The Government of Meghalaya has sent 30 students by bus to Rajasthan.
On this occasion, the protesters were blocked by security forces which led to violent clashes.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28 : The Government today called for a meeting with various political parties on the shooting death of seven people by the Assam Police in Mukroh, West Jaintia Hills on .2022, on the part of the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, said that the government should have called for talks with the civil society and Rangbah Shnongs to work together to bring about complete peace and stability. .
Besides meeting with the patients, the Governor also visited the ultra sound, male and female beds, ENT, Oncology and others.
It was also reported that all medicines and health facilities have begun to run out due to the crisis that has hit Gaza due to the Israeli invasion of Gaza.
In a statement, Bah M Kharkongngor Secretary SCCCOMDF, Shillong, said that although the Forum has met with the Prime Minister three times, it has not reached any conclusion; except for the promises of salvation, which are without value or profit.
Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun, Nongpoh MDC, Balajied Rani, religious leaders and faithful also attended the service.
The entry point for vehicles coming from Shillong, Mairang, Shallang, Mawshynrut and Langpih will be from FCI Road, NH 44 E. Vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat will directly to St Peter. Parish main gate.
Preeti has set a goal to bring medals for her country in other sports.
“Through this one-day celebration, training and awareness campaigns have been conducted to the community and parents on how to protect children from forced labor at an early age.
In one tragic incident, an elderly man lost his life after a truck hit him on the head.
From these different areas there may be differences in the language, but they belong to the same ethnic group.
Aizawl: Mizoram Chief Minister Zoramthanga today announced that the government will pay money to those who own land and allow parking in land in order to improve the quality of parking. There is a heavy traffic jam in the city of Aizawl.
Because of these problems, the union demands that the authorities should immediately improve this road without delay before the rainy season.
The public hearing was held under heavy police surveillance.
The problems have had to be addressed from the bottom up, from lack of knowledge and inability to manage to procedures to corruption which has been established since the time of MeSEB.
He said that if we have a love for our nation, our culture, it is through the training we receive from Fr Sngi.
At the same time, the choir was performed by the Nongspung Presbyterian Church, Lumpyngad Presbyterian Church and the Silover Jubilee Choir.
In addition, it was said that the election will be held in a special manner and guards and security forces will be deployed at all polling stations and across the country. that there be no calamity in that day.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Joint Director of Health Services (SS), Shillong, on Tuesday announced that there will be no Super Specialty OPDs at the Civil Hospital, Shillong on the 17th of this month from 9 am to 1 pm. at 4 pm at the Orthopedics Department, Civil Hospital, Shillong.
However, now the party workers will hear directly from the owner how it can defeat the BJP in the elections,” said the President of the Meghalaya TMC. Various groups of organizations including village leaders, civil society and many experts who wanted to meet.
By Bah Philip MarweinTo clean up the city of Shillong is not difficult if we clean our own house, our own streets, our own streets, our own streets and our own villages. hala you you you you.
On the 6th of November, Man Ibha will play against Umladkhur SC at 2.00 pm.
This present world will be destroyed by fire and no one will be left in the wrath of God against Satan, which will happen after the rapture.
Italy's first victory since 1968 began with a goal from Luke Shaw, who scored for England in the 57th minute. seconds, which is also the fastest goal in the Euro Cup, but Italy equalized through Leonardo Bonucci in the 67th minute.
Meghalaya will play its first match against Arunachal Pradesh in Anand, Gujarat today.
Shillong: The Khasi Author Society (KASO) today met with the Minister of C&RD Block, Bah Hamlet Dohling to urge him to raise the issue of inclusion of the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. of the country and Union Minister Amit Shah.
This affects the health of women, children and adolescents around the world.
“Now it is useless to respond to unfounded accusations, in the democracy of India it allows them to make unfounded accusations against anyone at any time. But I don't want to answer, because now we don't have time and let the people judge this”.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 21: In his first appearance as the MLA of Nongstoiñ in the Meghalaya Assembly, Bah Gabriel Wahlang has urged the new state government to take action on many issues. They are the most important persons in the Nongstoin Constituency and the West Khasi Hills District as a whole.
Speaking during the Question Hour in the Assembly, Sungoh expressed his concern regarding the infrastructure of the health department in Jaintia Hills, saying it is inadequate.
Three children drowned in the Kupli River in the Moolieh area on Saturday.
When asked whether this is his opposition to the party and its leaders, he said, “It is up to the party whether they will expel me or not because I am against the rule of law and not the party. ".
The Deputy Commissioners of various Districts have started removing the posters that have been posted around the area and on the streets, which have been erected in the shops of the people and which have been posted on their walls. villages and various villages.
Meghalaya were back in the lead after the loss of wickets for the loss of 73 runs, but Md Asif Khan scored 23 runs and Joshi 12 runs. they have been able to improve more and more in their shared earnings.
“I also put here a challenge to all women, that if as I am small and uneducated I dare to contest the Lok Sabha elections, then others who have learned more, should come forward. and to bring about change.
The KSU Wapung Unit sends its condolences to the family of the victim and wishes them justice.
Speaking to fishermen in Thangassery, Kollam, Rahul said, “We must understand that when we eat fish, we remember how hard you worked before the fish reached the the plate is yours"
Lukaku will wear the No.90 jersey for Roma.
The 510 km unfenced border between Mizoram and Myanmar, especially on the borders of Champhai district, is a well-known place for smuggling.
Shillong, Nailur 6: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the methods of protest such as curfew, road blockade and office blockade are not appropriate and there are other ways of protesting which will not affect the development of the country.
In the tied innings, WKH did well and it seemed that they were close to the path of victory but after the loss of wickets one after another, they managed to tied. 112/9.
Of course, we’re not saying the train isn’t essential.
Remember brothers and sisters that our country needs me and you to immediately demand the stieh to protect our country through the unity and cooperation of the Khyriem, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram. , u lyngngam that we should work together as paid Khasi.
Shillong, Naitung 16: A team of officials from the Urban Development Department from Nongpoh together with magistrates who visited the Khanapara house on the Meghalaya-Assam border, have submitted a report to the Deputy Commissioner.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of MSA leaders including Bah Brekstar Shylla, President T Khymdeit, Bah R Mangu Lyngdoh Raid and Bah R Mangu Lyngdoh Raid. other elders and village leaders.
However, choosing to change the way you eat can also provide the nutrients you need for your bones to be healthy and strong.
The State Government and KHADC should agree on the boundary of the 12 disputed areas which are about 2700 sq km.
Reports said that the Government has taken steps to ensure that the peace talks go smoothly.
In another match, Lawsohtun beat Marbisu 2-1
England beat Panama 2-0 in Group G on Saturday.
On the part of the RFO/Ranger/Range Forest Officer, Umkiang Wildlife Range, Khliehriat, Bah Shanbormiki Law, gave a keynote address on the theme of the awareness programme. He also urged the residents not to shoot and kill wild animals. He said that the central government has already implemented laws to protect wildlife. Wildlife Protection Act (Wildlife Protection Act) that those who kill wildlife will be punished according to the law and will be imprisoned and also liable to fines. He congratulated all the residents who have always cooperated with the Wildlife Department.
The same is true of the border villages of Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills and Ri-Bhoi Districts and even in Garo Hills.
If you don't do the right thing, there will always be UDP 'O' or A, B, C, as is the case in other parties like the UDP today, which you yourself will be the cause of.
The case is related to a complaint filed by Nilberth ChM Arak of Dawa Gittingre, East Garo Hills District in the Lokayukta Court on 2nd June 2019, against Ismail Marak, former MDC of Asanang for The misuse of T.1 crore allocation for various projects in Asanang Constituency.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) through the EM of Land Department, Bah Titoswell Chyne has convened a meeting with the Ministers and Chiefs of Mylliem Hima to direct that the Syiem and Ministers of the Hima should not issue NOCs without consulting the council. .
Ngaitlang Dhar concluded his speech by encouraging the youth in their religion, customs and traditions, at the same time he said that it is not right to criticize other religions. .
The victory of the elections, as it turns out, is not whether the people vote for good or corrupt but during the elections, people vote for the power of money especially those who are mentally backward.
When asked how much the State Government can recover through this 0.5 percent, the Minister said that the 0.5 percent increase will allow the State to recover about T.400 crore. the Government of India.
In West Garo Hills, there are 6 cases including 2 high risk cases and 4 cases undergoing screening.
According to the General Administration Department (GAD), 85,690 people out of 29,66,889 residents have registered for the NPR with Aadhar numbers. the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Prestone Tynsong said that as most of the people affected by Covid-19 are in East Khasi Hill District, the state government has released the the several jobs.
“We have broken the alliance with the NPP in Meghalaya so that the BJP can field candidates in all constituencies,” Amit Shah said.
Regarding the jobs of many teachers, he said that since 2010, he and APSTA have helped teachers who have been dismissed from the white paper to get back their jobs. The case has been appealed to the Supreme Court.
He said that the RBYF also supports T.500 per month for 3 years to those who have entered the 40th and 20th grade of the SSLC and HSSLC examination as a scholarship for their studies. they.
The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen sharply with 52,972 new cases in the past 24 hours and 771 deaths.
His body was found in a room of the 6th Assam Police Battalion Camp at Kathal village, Cachar district.
On the other hand, the union through this letter also requested the Syiem of Raid Marwet that the verification of documents should be done after
No one was involved in this incident before and the casualties of these families are still unknown.
On the 21st, President Pranab Mukherjee will address the Legislative Assembly.
Also present on the occasion were Rangbah Shnong B Pyngrope, Secretary VWSC Nongrah, AK Snaitang, President MeFilMA, Commander Shangpliang, Bah Dhanti, Master Trainer of Handicraft DIC, Shillong and some residents of Nongrah.
Jowai, Nailur 19 : In the first leg of the tournament, Marbisu beat Luti Tuber Ialong 3-1 with Wiwonstar Kurbah scoring the first goal for Marbisu. Lois Kurbah in the 28th minute and Wellborn Sun in the 28th minute.
When natural disasters strike, it is not only one department, ministry or agency that will provide assistance, but it is the duty of all the residents, he added.
In this regard, Mawphor has spoken to several political experts who have expressed their feelings and what they see on the lack of readiness of the MDC candidates to prepare. for the election.
He said that his visit was also part of the inspection of some of the development projects which the Government of India has allocated and implemented by the Government of Meghalaya. 90% and the Government of Meghalaya 10%.
Kharpuli – BT27 Gym.
MCS Executive Magistrate, Barrister Niang, BDO Laskeiñ and AJ Sangma DSP West Jaintia Hills District have led the inspection of the road in Khatkasla Psiar area. Hills District together with the police have found the road workers and JCBs working on the road.
Spanish world number one Carlos Alcaraz has beaten Lorenzo Musetti 6-3, 6-2, 6-2 to win the title. Carlos has moved closer to face Serbian star Novak Djokovic.
He said that his visit to Nongstoiñ is not to mislead the people, but to clarify that the NPP government has a goal that if it comes to power again in 2023 to It is to bring benefits to the people in all aspects and the benefits that the government will bring will be two to three times higher than what it is bringing now.
Kamrup authorities have directed an inquiry by the Azara Officer Circle after a young boy from Ambari area died in a playground in one of the park on the 12th of this month.
At the same time, the union urges the government authorities to take action and send police patrols immediately to those border areas to avoid any tragic incident in the future.
On this occasion, the Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos W Chyne said that the reason for the failure to pay the arrear to the employees of the Council is because the Government has not been able to pay the arrear. The State has not yet released the allocation for 2022-2023 to the Council.
Informing about this, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that a thorough discussion has been held on the issue of amending the MRSSA. , said Conrad.
I would also like to thank the Federation of Khasi and Jaintia States Conference for the presence of Bah Joy.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act for further investigation.
SR Sen in his order said, “After looking into this article, I see that there is a basis for urgent action for the benefit of the poor people in this country. state".
These goods, which are two trucks long, were handed over to the Block Development Officer, Selsella Community and Rural Development Block, UP Sangma, for distribution to the victims.
“The construction of this Rashtriya Madhyamik Shiksha Abhiyan (RMSA) school is for the purpose of improving secondary education in Psiar and neighboring border villages.
It is said that the man had three cows and in the evening he tied them together in the same place, but in the morning when he wanted to tie them up on the hill, he found that two of them were not there. When the signs were examined, it was clear that the fighting was severe and one of the cows escaped because of the cut of the tyllai and he recovered the cow.
The Land Port is located on 23.0 acres of land.
Leaders and members of the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang from Secretary Heisar Laloo, Edel Dkhar, Khroo Lamsalangki Pariat, Rupaia Lamar, T Passah and other elders of the village together with the women came out to visit various places. to be in the middle of the market places to invite the public and vendors to keep the morning clean and not to spread garbage without finding it.
The purpose and desire of the party to conduct this political awareness campaign is that as a nation and the state as a whole, we should understand clearly that the failure to achieve the issues that the party has been demanding for a long time. The ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 5th Schedule, the demand for the abolition of the Kharmetro, the demand for the rectification of the border and others, said Robertjone Kharjahrin.
Of these, 78 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 3 cases from North Garo Hills, 3 cases from Ri-Bhoi District, 1 case from South West Khasi Hills, 29 cases from West Garo Hills and 4 cases from West Garo Hills. West Jaintia Hills and one in South West Garo Hills.
We all talk about that and many people think that only those who talk on the streets love the nation.
According to the recruitment notice issued on Thursday, there are 360 ​​vacancies in nursing in various district hospitals and healthcare centers in the state. Candidates who are studying from the government sector to write the written test while those who are not studying from the government sector will have to write the written test.
Although the violence from the north has not affected the state government, it is a matter that the central government has to accept.
“O you met Riia how.
Shillong, Naitung 08: Dozens of Khasi, Jaintia and Garo youths on Thursday, November 8, 2022 gathered in front of the Kiang Nangbah Motdur near Shillong. Civil Hospital, to demand that the Ministry of Home Affairs of the State Government should announce publicly the results of the written examination since 2019 for the recruitment of police officers.
Here in Shillong, the price of jhur per kilo is not less than 120 tyngka.
Furthermore, as human beings, we should be careful when inviting anyone to eat, we should never eat too much, lest we be ridiculed by those who eat together.
“We will meet with the people living in the border villages who have been expressing to us their problems and how to solve their problems and we will take care of this issue,” he said.
India has so far rescued about 670 Indians from Sudan and is now working to rescue more citizens from the country. in the middle of the war before the ceasefire agreed between the two armies was completed.
“We should not think that we have introduced this Act for malicious purposes but it is time to have such a Act to correct our mistakes as legislators,” he said. .
Shillong: Five MDCs of the GHADC have joined the NPP, which means that the Executive Committee led by Boston Ch Marak of the Congress will collapse.
“God has blessed the state with natural resources and these natural resources.
Nongstoiñ: The MLA of Nongstoiñ Constituency, Bah Macmilan Byrsat, has sent a complaint to the Chief Minister of the State. Conrad K Sangma did not respond.
At the meeting, the KSU said that after the statement by the Union Minister Dr. Jitendra Singh who is in charge of the Atomic Energy Department, the government is in the process of trying to mine dew. (Pre-Mining Activities), the union has sought documents to verify the intention to mine uranium in West Khasi Hills.
The meeting with the Dean COA was held after receiving information about the presence of 6 or 7 people from Manipur, who are employees of CAU Imphal and who came to work at CAU Imphal. The union doesn't agree with this place, because the union feels how people who work from one place, now come to work in the state.
The Emerging Player Award was presented to Beneson Suting of Khliehriat West FC.
There I heard the laughter of the people at the story of a woman about the new churches that are emerging in these days.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, today tweeted that another friend of Dr John Sailo's family has tested positive for coronavirus.
The attempts to score before the end of the first half were very good for both sides but no one could score which gave Laitkor a 1-0 lead.
Punjab won the toss and elected to bat first. Meghalaya scored 106/9 in 50 overs.
The swearing-in ceremony was held on Tuesday morning at the Durbar Hall of New Raj Bhavan.
The election of the government is up to us the people by whom we choose to be the leaders to speak on the issues especially in the House, not only to look after the party but to elect the people who are knowledgeable. who are knowledgeable or illiterate in the field of law but who have the responsibility to assist in other areas which can be the protectors of the nation and especially of our future generations.
Your name is very beautiful and meaningful and also frightening” he said with a smile.
According to sources, at a meeting of the BJP party held on the 21st of this month at Charilam village, Sepahijala district, Dr. Saha ordered the party office bearers not to Pradyot Manikya was not called 'Maharaja'
Referring to the public meeting held by the HSPDP Ri Bhoi District, Umsning, the party leaders including Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Bah Diostarness Jyndiang, MLA Nongstoin Constituency, Bah Diostarness Jyndiang, MLA Nongstoin Constituency; Crosper Ryntathiang, Organizing Secretary of the HSPDP Central Body, Shemborlang Rynjah, Joint Secretary of the HSPDP East Khasi Hills, Comment Laitmon, President of the HSPDP Shella Constituency and other party leaders.
The tournament was held at the Sohiong Indoor Sport Stadium.
“Furthermore, the Prime Minister urged the Opposition not to engage in politics on the border issue.
All these refer to the Church of today, the Church of the age of wealth from the smallest to the greatest and to the greatest because when there is wealth there is power, confidence and happiness makes everyone a human being. for I have trusted in the word of the church.
Shillong, July 3: The independent MDCs of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have formed a group called the United Democratic Alliance (UDA).
Shillong, Jymmang 15: About 200 school children from the city took part in the program to make Shillong a safe city at the program organized by the East Khasi Hills Police Department on Thursday. Don Bosco.
Replying to Bah Mawsor's remarks, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Law Department, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, said that the Act has three issues at present.
The film has grossed Rs 9.07 crore on Tuesday, 1st November 2019 and Rs 8.31 crore on Tuesday. On Tuesday, it will earn T.7 crore and on Friday, it will earn T.200 crore.
As we often see when the government implements or launches any scheme, it is impossible to say but after a while, that scheme disappears and it is not known who benefits, how much it benefits. , how did it work.
Up to 18,434 out of 22,711 students from 243 schools have passed the HSSLC examination which was held at 104 Centres.
WJDSA General Secretary Bah Lammato Laloo, WJDSA Member SK Lato, Working President EMH Passah and Assistant Director Khroobok Passah who is also the DSO of WJDSA also gave speeches. in West Jaintia Hills District.
A joint team of Army and Jammu & Kashmir Police raided Broh and Soom areas near the forest in Kalakote area on Tuesday after received information about the presence of militants, they said.
According to the latest news, the Governor has called a meeting with legal experts and government officials to seek clarification on the Bill which is understood to have many shortcomings and is not suitable for enactment.
She said that the parents of the students have accepted the explanation, but it was on the 6th of this month that the parents came back to complain and the matter was discussed with them. The parents decided to write to the NTA authorities in New Delhi to request for permission to write again this examination for the students in Ri Bhoi District.
“The NGT has rejected the request of the traders and owners of coal mines, which said that the tax should be calculated according to the amount of coal that has been mined or received even if it is large,” he said. Mukherjee said.
He said that with the approval of the people, the government will expedite the release of the money to the affected land owners.
That is why his mission is to empower the youth.
Families are shocked to see the blood of youngsters flowing on the ground from the shooting of the soldiers, as soon as they suspect evil without any evidence to prove and if this happens in this state and the people heard how.
He said the central government has agreed to sign the soskular and the Ministry of Home Affairs has already announced that the date of signing the soskular between the central government, the state government and the ANVC will be announced. that's it.
The festival has ensured that all the participants will receive the same reputation and honour.
Speaking to reporters, Hajong said that when a teacher of Mawsynram Higher Secondary School came to sign the syrnod, Sir Ganeshwar signed the syrnod without looking at it. He did not know that it was the child from Bihar who was admitted to JNV Mawsynram.
For then shall be great tribulation, such as was not since the beginning of the world to this time, no, nor ever shall be.” Matthew 24:2
There have been 477 new cases of Covid-19 in Tamil Nadu, while 939 people have recovered from the disease.
Because as we have seen, Russia in recent times, has announced a strong preparation for war and that it will completely defeat Ukraine in this war.
He said that in this book, according to the research he has done, many of the people want that if possible there should be only one Party Riewlum and that the leaders, if possible, should There is no other National Party.
Ajima Sangma took 10 wickets and scored 63 runs.
The work has been awarded to UPRNNL which has awarded the contract to Badri Rai & Co.
Bah Shakliar said that with this expenditure, he hopes that one day the state will be able to produce athletes who are ready to reach the international level.
She said that the reason for her decision to resign from the Cabinet is because she is full of sorrow and responsibility for the loss of many lives due to the violence in Garo Hills. .
As the days went by, as usual, he used it to wash his clothes, to send medicine to his body, even when his mother was present, praising her for her strength and calmness. good.
He urged the office bearers of Mawiong Umjapung to continue to try to show compassion to the students and families who have suffered as much as they can.
Regarding the reservation policy, Metbah said that before going to the people, the party has already expressed through its manifesto that it wants a review. government.
He said that the work has already been carried out, the estimate has been submitted and he hopes that the work will not take long to prepare for the tender to be called. to the work.
The BJP MDCs have expressed their strong opposition to this as even small businesses from agriculture to agriculture will have to pay tax at these gates.
This award is a Vocational Award given by Rotary Clubs around the country to encourage and motivate individuals, youth, groups in various fields and to be an example to others.
Mrinal Das scored 86 off 48 balls while Mrityunjay Bharali (47).
Perhaps it is because it is too easy to get a license just because there is not enough BAISHA (which they say but more than the monthly fee) which they used to pay to those 'dalal' who used to be in the grounds of DTO.This illegal license puts people's lives in danger because most of the accidents, overturnings and loss of lives are caused by the fact that the drivers are not skilled enough to drive. However, it was found that the vehicle was driven without thinking about the lives of the people who were carrying or walking on the road.
It is on the basis of God's disobedience to His laws that even today many people are destroyed, many countries and kingdoms are destroyed.
It used to be really education to get a job and it really is.
The Prime Minister said that an announcement will be issued soon in this regard.
After the arrival of the Principal, the leaders of the Kiang Nangbah Government College Students Union went to discuss with him on these demands.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) in Meghalaya, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Congress party in Meghalaya is no longer a slave party under the new leadership. The decision to work with the MDA government to solve the problems of the people is the best decision.
It is enough to move the market from Khanapara to Byrni.
The Waheh Shnong of Nongdhar, Dolanki Shiwat and the Chairman of Marli Nongpluh, immediately denied the allegation and said it was the responsibility of the village.
“If the government wants to hold elections, it should not affect the financial allocation of the Council,” he said.
If these Karbi rebels continue to stay in the Karbi villages, the Karbi will become Nongkitram and when they can no longer accept this responsibility, there will be conflict between them. who are correct.
I don't know where the money is spent while the road is like a hell of a pig.
“However, Dr. Donkupar Roy replied that it would be better to lose one seat than to lose him (Bah Bindo).
The Seng on this occasion awarded special recognition awards to the volunteers including those who helped to repair the bridges which the Seng has agreed to maintain safely, the Rangbah Shnong and Sordar Raid. as a sign of special recognition and encouragement for the public service they have contributed to the society and the country.
Meghalaya BJP President Ernest Mawrie has recently said that the BJP is ready to accept the HNLC for peace talks with the Meghalaya government and the Indian government. .
This was announced by the General Secretary of the party, Janardan Dwivedi.
Mawlai SC have retained their top spot in the Shillong Premier League 2023-24 by beating Rangdajied United FC 1-0 in the final of the Shillong Premier League 2023-2 month at Madan SSA, First Ground, Polo in the presence of thousands of people.
Speaking to reporters, Khostingwell Nongsiej said it is not easy for the government not to be able to do this quickly.
The owner of the land, Bah Emanuel Lyngdoh, was accompanied by the Secretary of the Village, Bah Paulus Mynsong and other residents.
When those murder hornets come, our people will be like in the days of war.
Another is to provide treatment to those who have fallen victim to drug abuse by coming forward in collaboration with rehabilitation centres, health workers and social welfare departments.
In the men's recurve shooting final, India lost 5-1 to China.
Because of the sudden suspension by the government, there have been allegations from some of the Home Guard personnel that there is any intention to steal or cheat on the case. Rupang has not yet received any information on the sudden suspension of the promotion examination and the question now is whether there is anything behind the sudden suspension of the promotion examination. In this step, the examination has been prepared completely.
Shillong, Naitung 25: A group of experts and scientists from Germany today visited Shillong to meet with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma to discuss how to improve the situation. nature through the modern era.
Not only that, in the past few days, the leaders of the party have expressed their support for the ILP and even Bah Sanbor Shullai, who is the MLA of the party. , has strongly opposed the implementation of the CAA in the state, and earlier, he had threatened to commit suicide if the Indian government implements the CAB in the state.
“There are about 40 Bills of KHADC which have been sent to the Governor for approval, but they are still pending,” said Teinwel.
He said that this victory brings forward the scientific power of India and takes it to the endless sky.
Shillong, Lber 07: U Bah Paul Lyngdoh, one of the Ministers of the MDA 2 government from the UDP, on Tuesday said that the development of Shillong is not only to relocate the Metor area from Mawlong market, but also to relocate the Metor area from Mawlong market. He said that he should look into all the other areas that affect the city.
He explained that “for us now to look back on the previous appointments and the path taken, it is not something we can do and bring about change.
Sylliang said that in the past 2-3 years, the Village Employment Council (VEC) has sent the funds for the purchase of equipment but the Government has not yet released the funds.
There will also be a special closure of the Ïewduh on the day of the Lehniam as part of the market dwellers.
In court, Heard also told of Deep's influence in Tokyo and on Depp's private island in the Bahamas.
Narpuh Forest has been recognized by the Government since 2014 and covers an area of ​​59.9 Sqkm.
The survey of these areas will be conducted by the Survey of India in the presence of leaders from both states.
"Because the allocation has also been allocated to the children of the doctors working at NEIGRHIMS, it is necessary for the central government to allocate more allocation to the state instead of cutting off the allocation of the state," he said. said.
Khaw AAY will receive 35 kilos per month, Khaw PHH will receive 5 kilos per month and no payment will be made.
He said that there are many others who are still on the run and the police have launched investigation to arrest them.
The JSU after rejecting the strike of the employees of 108 under the banner of MEMRIWU has found that it is not right for these employees to strike against the company GVK which operates the 108 service under the banner of MEMRIWU. state.
This year too, the day was celebrated by many villages or units.
He said it is surprising why the Wildlife Board headed by the Prime Minister has not said anything on this yet.
She said that in the last four years, the state has produced 24,032 tonnes of kwai in 2019-20 and 2020-2 24,059 tonnes, 28,390 tonnes in 2021-22 and 51,560 metric tonnes in
Bah Davis Lyngdoh, father of one of the participants, said, “The time my son spent in these sessions at AVENUES was very useful.
Both the occupants of the motorcycle sustained serious injuries and the accident was serious due to the speed of the motorcycle.
Entries were submitted to Hony. General Secretary of WJDSA Lammat and Laloo.
The construction of the maternity ward of the hospital, formerly known as Lawmali Hospital, is underway.
They have been given the authority by the will of the people, by the will of the people, and by the blessings to work, to carry the burden, but we as intellectuals have to count. Whom shall we send to the Assembly of the Son of Man for this important matter?
And one of those kings was King Nebuchadnezzar, who was so troubled by his visions in his dream that he lost his sleep and commanded to call the wise men, the magicians, and the soothsayers. the magicians (jadu myntor) to tell him his dreams.
Several elders who did not want to be named said that according to their knowledge, another Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, who is well qualified and implements the assistance of the The Government of the District is the IAS.
He said that the fish trade in the state is done only by the Khasi, and a total of 15 to 20 thousand Khasi have been affected by the ban on the delivery of fish. that fish from outside the State.
In Jaintia Hills there were several heroes who received the title of “Mar” and who made themselves famous by their own matti.
The Shillong Press Club (SPC) and MEPA have sent their condolences to Bah Andrew Lyngdoh, former General Secretary of MEPA and now MLA Umroi. AR Lyngdoh (Mother), Publisher of the Kingdom.
Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagwat, at a meeting in Shillong on Tuesday, said that the RSS is not an organization to change religion. they are already Hindus and the Hindu concept is not a religion, it is a way of life.
He said the government should set up a special committee and work with the leaders of Khasi-Jaintia and Garo to discuss the issue and bring about a peaceful solution.
Suman Haripriya said that the corona virus is an airborne disease because cow dung and cow dung can protect against the disease. about 3000 people have lost their lives in China alone.
The meeting was inaugurated by the MLA of the area and Minister of State Sniawbhalang Dhar who was the chief guest, in the presence of MLA Wailadmiki Shylla as symbud, MDCs of JHADC from Jesse Suiam, Lakhon Dkhar, Ailad Bhoi, Evening Tron, DSO Khrobok Pasah, Honorary General Secretary WJDSA Lammatoo Laloo and others were among the elders from near and far.
Referring to the BJP's entry into the state through parties like the NPP, Guarav said the people should understand that their election for the NPP or the ethnic parties is like electing for themselves. “The people should know that if they elect the UDP, NPP, it is like electing the BJP because it is from them that the BJP has entered the state,” he said. to Guarav.
Sohtrun from Garo Hills has reached Varanasi, which is also the constituency of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, where the sohtrun known as 'Kew Pineapple' has been sold through DeHaat.
“We also have a message to those groups or organizations who come from all over the world and also from India to address the issues in the State, that if they are very concerned about these people, please lead them. 2000 or 3000 sqft, build houses for them but they have to do it outside Meghalaya.
Let us all see that the BJP government, if it comes to Delhi, should respect all the provisions of the Constitution of India. an.
“Tomorrow (Tuesday) the Cabinet will decide on the various places where the BOPs will be set up.
Many bikes were stopped at the same place. When asked by the drivers, they said that it was from the petrol pump. After that, they went back to the petrol pump to find out the truth and informed the police. ka byrni hat P.S.When the police arrived, they took samples from the petrol pump and from all the motorcycles involved in the incident.
Dr Moushumi Dey, Faculty Member, History Department, Shillong, spoke on the topic “Ladies Freedom Fighters: Unsung Heroes of Meghalaya”.
At the time of writing, four persons have been arrested in connection with the extortion case, two of them are minors.
Has this happened?, when the same party on the one hand is against the NPP and on the other hand supports the NPP. However, the relationship between the two parties will affect the state government and the remaining parties. you are just waiting for the time.
Instead of meeting with political parties, it would be better if church leaders train their followers in the next 7 months how not to elect legislators who are corrupt.
In a meeting with the Chief Ministers of various states, Modi said that the next three to four months will be crucial in the fight against the coronavirus in India.
The four suspects include Debas Mita Dutta, Ajima Sangma, Luiza Tamang and Monica Lyngdoh Phawa.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pynshngain said, “The expenditure of T.1,35,00,000 by the KHADC is not only to clean up the river.
Speaking to media, the DC said that according to the order of the High Court, only two places, Khyndailad and Motphran, have been mentioned.
“We need to understand that these three areas are important especially for the students who are the future of the society,” said Bah Banteidor. residents and teachers and village leaders.
On the Opposition side, the Speaker of the Opposition, PT Sawkmie, stood up to express his opposition to the short speech of the Governor in the Legislative Assembly.
He said that the party has found that a lot of money has been spent only on schemes of the people related to agriculture, health, education and others. Therefore, you must be able to do this because you have no foundation.
The wife said that many times, even if she cleaned the house, cleaned the clothes, he didn't allow her, but she worked for herself and thus, she didn't have the opportunity to talk to him. for he hath not been ashamed, as he hath said.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that it is his duty as the district chief to take responsibility for the people with disabilities in the district. To look after other needs in the district, he thanked these Societies and Organizations for their cooperation in the development of the disabled.
The stalk is the most abundant part of all plants.
The child went to school on Thursday, but did not return home until 6 pm and was searched in the village to inquire from her friends and school.
Sangma got 6126 votes in Ampati and 7633 votes in Mahendraganj.
You are known by the nation you come from.
Thomas Passah said that the fair competition among the students whether for jobs or higher education will be the best.
In his speech, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the Seng Samla Nongpoh Proper for continuing to host the Berchem Cup from one year to another. 'Ban Iawer Lang ban Pyniatylli' which is also a platform to allow the youth to develop the basketball industry and also to protect the youth from various evils especially the spread of drugs and others. He also wished that as a youth group they will be able to serve the community especially to develop the youth in the field of sports.
However, the North Shillong MLA did not have the opportunity to explain further whether other VPP MLAs and members of the House could not participate, as the House did not allow to explain when the Amendment Bill was passed. You have lost your Voice Vote.
“We have requested the Prime Minister, the Minister of Education to release the salary every month,” he said.
They were arrested under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act (NDPS) today.
During the inspection, the union found that both the squares are still empty.
Speaking to reporters on Tuesday, Mukul said this was a ploy by politicians in relation to the street leaders, but did not mention the name of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) leader.
After 40 million Shiva devotees visited Haridwar in Uttarakhand for the annual Kanwar Yatra, authorities clean up about 30,000 tonnes of garbage from the the Ganga Ghats, markets, parking lots and roads on the 42 km Kanwar Stretch from Har-ki-Pauri.
Bah Marbaniang said that when the union visited the venue, it found that the fair is not like other fairs in other parts of India which is full of entertainment and games. for children.
Action Commander Hedeo said he said he last met Sohan in November last year and never met him again.
On the other hand, it is understood that it will also demand from the government to hold a special meeting to discuss the Roster System which has been implemented since the implementation of the Reservation Policy and which has affected the job seekers.
Shukla said it was the first time that 12 venues had been selected for the World Cup.
Shillong: There have been 19 new cases of coronavirus in Meghalaya today, including 12 cases from East Khasi Hills, six cases from West Jaintia Hills and one case from Ribhoi District.
According to the President of KSU Pynursla, Ennocent Khongstia, the theft of stone by Bangladeshis is a daily occurrence and they come by boat or car.
The top three teams will also be selected for the FIH Junior Hockey Men's World Cup 2023 which is scheduled to be held in Malaysia this month. November this year.
Speaking on the occasion on the occasion of the International Nurse's Day at a meeting held at the Naga Hospital Authority Kohima (NHAK) on Tuesday, the Commissioner & Nurses Secretary Health Department Y Kikheto Sema said that there are only 952 staff nurses and 845 auxiliary nurses and midwives in Nagaland (1797 in total).
Many farmers no longer appreciate this important plant which helps the health of the people.
These MDCs who have left are those who don't have a good education and who want to get power for themselves... Ka MDC dohlab....15 soldiers who are fighting against the Maoists A bomb exploded on the Dadapur highway in Gadchiroli district, Maharashtra, along with the driver of a vehicle.
As part of the ongoing talks to resolve the border issue between Assam and Meghalaya, the Government has already appointed District Committees to visit these 12 areas. they don't have to worry.
The Minister said that the T.163.31 crore collected from factories for the construction of roads in the last 40 years belongs to Meghalaya to be used by the government. On 20th October 2019, it set up three committees on the directive of the Central Government.
“We have already considered the blueprint and informed the residents of this area and decided that we do not accept it. Whether or not they call to discuss this.
“I don't know what you're doing.
On the other hand, Prestone Tynsong hopes that the results of these seven persons from East Khasi Hills District will also be negative.
It is to be recalled that Trongpleng has been known since ancient times as Trongpleng.
The meeting was also attended by S Thubru Secretary Shnong Namdong A and residents of Namdong AU District Election Officer, Bah BS Sohliya. in West Jaintia Hills District on Friday.
“The KSU urges the government not to neglect sports in the state but to show action in all aspects to help and develop the sportsmen of the state so that one day they can become sportsmen. bring glory and honor to the entire state,” said the statement.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the Smoke-Fish Shed of Seng Trea Multipurpose Co-operative Society Ltd., Bah DM Wallang, Project Director DRDA, said that the total cost of construction of the Smoke-Fish Shed The cost of the project has reached T.5, 40, 200 tyngka and 20 percent of the cost of the project has been paid by the MBDA. on the part of the MBDA through another department; The Meghalaya Institute of Fishery Training (MIE) has sent training and exposure visit to the fishermen at the Center Institute of Fishery Training (CIFT) in Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh to get ideas on how to improve the fishery. how they work.
Tura: A 10-year-old boy, Sachin Koch, has been killed when a truck he was riding in Purakhasia, West Garo Hills, collided with him.
On the UDP's allegation against him, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said how can the UDP accuse him of dissolving the EC when he is not even the MDC of the Council.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude to the people of Mawhati for meeting the needs of the people of Mawhati. There has been a long discussion with the Chief Minister that the school children in Mawhati area need a vehicle to go to school due to the slowness and pump of the road as the construction of the road is ongoing.
The Minister said he went to meet the leaders who have been arrested with a pure heart and good intentions to talk and take measures to resolve the issues.
The arrested were identified as Shambor Shati, 26, and Meshadap Sohpen, both members of the KSU South Khasi Hills District.
Replying to a question, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal said that these three schools belong to Assam and he will investigate whether Meghalaya has really used these schools. He said that in the areas where there is a border dispute with Meghalaya, it has been agreed that there will be an understanding that the status quo will remain.
“I was walking on the bridge in Dudhari when four men abducted me.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: When the State Government decided to issue a stamp in the name of Tirot Sing Syiem through the Postal Department, the Central Government felt the need to get the true face of Tirot Sing Syiem. , even if you don't find any source.
If the government is pleased, it is better not to decide immediately to reopen schools, colleges, universities, etc.
Prestone said that the vaccines for the first phase, which is for people over 45 years of age, are still in stock. they are going to inject themselves.
Rangdajied opened the scoring in the 6th minute through AZ Mawthoh.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Bah Prestone Tynsong, praised the MLA of the area by saying, “We human beings look only outside, but what is inside is the guidance of God” so it is necessary for the youth to see. the change of the constituency within the state.
They said that these people who claimed to be the leaders of the UDP Umroi Circle, had held a meeting on the 23rd July, but the real office bearers of the UDP Umroi Circle, had not He explained that as members of the party, they have not held any meeting, in which all that has happened is just an exploitation by someone who wants only to destroy the party.
The match between Kick Start Football Academy and Madanryting SCC ended in a 1-1 draw in the UNDER-10 Boys Football League The tournament was held at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
The National Health Mission (NHM) is the implementing department of the Central Government.
According to a statement sent by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, according to Rules 4(1) of the PWM (Amendment) Rules, to reduce the thickness from 120 micron which has been implemented since 31 November
Betsheba Kharsyntiew opened the scoring in the 10th minute from a free-kick before Ibashisha Khongwet scored the second goal in the 25th minute from the penalty spot.
According to the PCA Act 1960, who ever responsible for the death of these pigglets should receive punishment, 3 years jail term or 25,000 fine or bothnga also want to kill pigs.
Because the government has left the border area untouched, these two organizations have taken this step to repair the road themselves after the residents of this area have complained and found It is very difficult, especially during the rainy season and when someone is sick they cannot be taken to hospitals in time.
She also rejected the allegation against the Speaker of the House, AT Mondal, who is a close adviser to the Prime Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma.
Dasani Pakma (19) and Reyner K Mujat (53) scored for Tpeppale.
The seven villages under the Raid Sohkhwai which have been affected by the floods include Umsohma, Umladoh, Umdu, Umden, Nongbah and Sohkhwai.
It is easy to say – we are Christians and believers, but the Word of God does not accept that, but only those who are led by the Holy Spirit of God, are the children of God. Whose children can you say, the children of men or the children of Satan?
Bangladesh accounts for 75 percent of the world's hilsa production and employs 2 million people.
For SCA, Toshar Hajong took two wickets for 27 runs in his overs while Harris Ahmed took two wickets but scored more runs. in his overs, that is, up to 48 runs.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) said the quake measured 6.3 on the Richter scale, while the European Mediterranean Seismological Center (EMSC) said the quake measured 6.4 on the Richter scale.
DoNER Minister G. Kishan Reddy, Vice-Chairman of the NEC, DoNER Child Development Minister BL Verma and other senior officers of the NEC will also attend the event. All the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States including Chief Secretaries and other senior officials will attend the meeting.
He said that during the meeting there was a dispute from the chiefs in which the discussion did not impress the SDO and after a while he left the meeting room.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Police Department has issued guidelines for those who wish to take the Physical Efficiency Test (PET) for the posts of AB/UB Group and Followers at the 1st MLP BN, Mawiong. , from 5th June 2021 and in the 2nd MLP BN, Goeragre, from 19th June
In the meantime, it was also seen that there was a heated argument within the party (before the announcement of the ticket), in which it was alleged that even the prime minister and other ministers did not want to give the ticket to him. Vincent and there were also allegations that they did not campaign for him.
“However, today I am pleased to open this specially built road for funeral vehicles and also the footpath where the people will no longer have to walk on their hands during the rainy season. ," he said.
Shillong, Jymmang, 05: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has appealed to the public not to be deceived or intimidated by the robbers who use themselves to claim that the Central Government departments, such as the Central Government Department, Custom, CBI, NCB and others just to loot money from the poor people.
“The government and BSNL have allocated T.5300 crore for the expansion of the network in this area,” he said.
Speaking to media, Gurjit Singh said, “Our demand on point 5 of the resolution will stand and we will not succumb to any political tactics because it is the responsibility of the government to do so. and only because of the passage of time, this place has become profitable"
Tympang Maya Tariang (58) of Nongtalang, Mission Village, WJ Hills, Jaiaw Langsning, has been admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 25-04-2 she passed away on 27-04-2
The event was attended by students and residents from 9 villages in the Nyiro area including Nrung, Longla, Yimkha, Yanthamo, Niroyo, Longsachung, Okhyeyan, Razumphen, and Satsuphen.
A body was recovered from a coal mine in Ksan and will be kept at the Community Health Center in Khliehriat until it is owned by the family members.
Rectify the roster anomalies or revamp the 1972 resolution.
After this meeting, at 7 pm, no vehicles will be allowed to travel until 5 pm, except for ambulances and other vehicles which cannot be avoided.
The awards were distributed by Rgh Rangpher Rynjah, Rgh PD Nongrum and Chief Guest Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem.
The dance or lehñiam performed in connection with the souls of the deceased, such as the phur ka siang, the thep shyieng or thep mawbah in us Khasi Pnar.
Police said the vehicle was driven by Kormola Bru, 24, from Mizoram. The vehicle was coming from Mizoram and was heading to Guwahati. The victim was identified as Michael Bru, from Mizoram.
Furthermore, the state government has urged the public to get an OTP (One-Time Password) on their mobile phones, those who have changed their phone numbers linked to Aadhaar, You should inform these shlems mentioned above so that they can be renewed.
Consultations were also held with those involved in these activities to resolve the issues in the implementation of this mission.
Mawkyrwat, 5 Iaiong: The expectation of the residents of Mawkyrwat for the cleanliness of the meat slaughterhouse and especially in terms of the cleanliness of the surrounding area to avoid the spread of garbage has now come true. The San Kur Ri Kynti Khaiñ Nonglang and Mawkyrwat Hat today inaugurated a garbage dump and meat processing plant at Phod Umkhniang, South West Khasi Hills District. long as important.
These pig farms have been constructed under the 100 days scheme.
“The Ministry has brought up to 6 Ongole cows to try to breed them with the cows in the State so that they can grow well and increase meat production,” said Raju. Artificial Insemination of female cows in the State.
Shillong, June 28: Nongrim Hills SC won the First Division Football Tournament on Friday at MFA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
God says: Fear not, for I am with you; be not dismayed, for I am your God: I will strengthen you, I will help you.
He is not only a member, but also a leader of any party or group, if he has to fight and fight, from his own plan. , for organizational costs.
If we continue to disobey God, a plague will surely come upon our land. 4) The plague of snakes on the children of Israel:- We find this in Numbers 21:4-9
An ATM card (SBI Bank) bearing the name of R Lakiang was seized from Iawmusiang, Jowai.
The state government should investigate and arrest those who commit benami crimes.
Although India ranks first in the production of rice, West Jaintia Hills District is at risk and is known as a Critical District due to the lack of nutrition. This has affected many young people and children.
“I have joined the EC because I promised that within two months after the formation of the EC, I will visit the border areas,” said the new Deputy Chairman of KHADC, Bah Charles Marngar. message.
The Government should be surprised after seeing the turnout of the people on the 19th of this month on the day of the meeting of political parties who want to hear the decision of the meeting. but it is exactly like a soh myndong.
The question is long; How far is this scripture, “Ha khmieh ka la bha eh” still true for us to remember in this age of color and creation? God around the universe has lost the power of evil just to please His own desires.
This is the second visit of Rajeev Chandrasekhar to Tripura after being appointed as a Minister in the Prime Minister's Cabinet.
At least 63 soldiers were killed in the fighting, which was the worst in 45 years.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh in reply to a question on when the new company will take over the operation of 108 ambulance vehicles in Meghalaya.
In a Facebook post, Kembhavi said that he is currently far away in Coimbatore for training. He said that he had received a letter asking for two months to leave while he was in Jowai but he did not give permission. for it is not good, for the judgment is for thee.
Rituraj Sinha was accompanied by MLA AL Hek, Minister Sanbor Shullai, BJP President Ernest Mawrie and Lakhon Biam. BJP and others in the presence of MLA Nujorki Sungoh.
the country of morality,' the poet expressed and dreamed that he wanted to go back to Sohra once again.
It is also a Single Window application portal which aims to collect information on various needs of the people, ranging from agriculture, planting, livestock, tourism and others.
They have been summoned on charges of involvement in the drug trafficking of Sushan Singh Rajput, a young actor, who has died.
There was a brief clash but as other members of the VPP had arrived, the police stopped them.
Teachers and students from Demthring Presbyterian Sec.School and Sohmynting Sec.School were also present on the occasion.
The house also has a restaurant and a parking space.
She said she reportedly spoke to him by phone twice that night before it happened.
For more information, please contact the office or phone 9485358870,
This program will enable them to develop in terms of education, intelligence and skills in whatever they do, by preparing them for the golden opportunity of future in the costume industry and the film industry.
Shillong, June 27: Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA East Shillong, has criticized the demand of the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah Pyllun to postpone the hearing of the case. The Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah Pyllun, Bah Andrew J.Jyrwa, today said that it is the responsibility of the Shillong Municipal Board to decide on the residential areas of Lum Sohra. He said that the Shnong once again demands from the government to relocate the kharmetor from Laitumkhrah to the place where it intends to relocate the kharmetor from Mawlong Market.
Branch Manager MCAB Ltd, Jowai Branch, Kong O Lato said that MCAB is a bank that supports farmers and encourages cooperative societies to deposit money in the bank and take out KCC Loans.
Parts of Shillong have been in darkness tonight due to the eclipse.
The Courts do not accept confessions before the police. However, there is still a lot of other evidence to strengthen the charge-sheet.
The distribution of the leaflet to the drivers is to urge the drivers to be careful while driving especially to avoid accidents while driving.
The HNLC also accused the government of failing to implement the ILP as demanded by the Sengbhalang for forcing the youth to take up arms.
Any incident that happens at midnight in which unidentified persons burn down police vehicles and a person, who may be mentally ill, burn down. “But what happened is that the police have arrested him and the investigation is ongoing and we will see what needs to be done,” he said.
Although the MDC could not attend the meeting due to unavoidable reasons, the Dorbar Shnong has announced its duties to help the village.
The two suspects were identified as Pynpynkhu Kharshandi and Rijied Kharbani and another unnamed suspect from Rambrai. On 17th November 2015, Nongstoin Police Station arrested Arful Kharbani while he was at one of the places in Nongstoin.
Shillong, Nailar 19: GNLA Area Commander Tenndy D Sangma has escaped from jail in Tura District Jail, the Minister of Home Affairs, Kong Roshan Warjri, today said. .
“When the right hand does the work, let the left hand do the work.
Meeker 6
As part of strengthening the cooperation between the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) and the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, the office bearers of the MSOA have met with the new Minister in charge of Sports and Youth Affairs. Affairs of the State Government.
Shillong: The North East Center for Saffron Cultivation (NECTAR) under the Saffron Bowl Project has identified several areas in Arunachal Pradesh and Meghalaya for the cultivation of saffron.
Iohbhah Dhar scored a hat-trick (27,53, 59) and Richard Dhar scored a goal (22). In two other matches, Loomkyrwiang won 1-0 or Royalpole Mihmyntdu.
However, the government has not taken action to provide ambulances at the hospital.
“The party also sends its condolences to the family members of this man who was brutally killed by the BSF,” said the statement.
The next match for Shillong Lajong will be against Diamond Rock FC on the 9th of this month at Mulna Football Stadium and the next match will be against United SC on the 14th of this month.
On the other hand, the Headmistress of the school, Kong Mebarika Syih, in a statement, said that this donation is indeed a great blessing for the Construction-cum-Fund Raising Committee of the school. the school building for the welfare of the students.
The Voice of the People Party (VPP), which agreed to attend the meeting convened by the committee set up by the government, said that if the talks are not in accordance with the party's wishes, the protest will continue. The President of the party (the party) shall continue.
The court has ordered the accused to submit an affidavit on the 6th of this month.
The Word of God says that all authority in heaven and on earth has been given to the Son (Jesus).
The children should call their father's sisters and Meikha their father's mother.
On the other hand, Bah VGK Kynta said, “Through the bringing of this book, through the follow-up of the issue which is very important now” and urged the media not to report, but to bring The symbols of thought were brought by Mr. Starfing.
She alleged that in the case of rape of women in the village, the village order should have been enforced that the perpetrators should be handed over to the police, but what happened is that the sordar The village council wants to reconcile and cover up this incident after the fourth day of the complaint that there will be an arrest of those involved in the crime and those who want to keep it secret.
In the first innings, Tura lost wickets early for 19/4 before Harshit Prasad scored 14 runs, but however, the team could not improve the innings and finished. They scored 45/6 in 10 overs.
Many women from all over Shillong participated in this race.
When the school authorities tried to call Chandan Gard, they found that his mobile was off.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84510 out of which 82739 have recovered and 1473 have died.
Throughout the day, when the leaders of the Committee, went to introduce themselves before the Syiem, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, promised to cooperate, for the benefit of the people. within the whole Raid Marwet.
It is a challenge for young people.
He also urged the government to ensure that those who own private vehicles who do not have adequate parking space should remove them, as if this is done, it will solve the problem of traffic jam.
The MJA has also been given the opportunity to host the Sub-Junior National Judo Championship 2007 with the participation of 30 states and union territories.
“It is appropriate that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah should lodge a complaint but the question now is against whom? Will the complaint be against the environment, or against the rocks? “Why doesn't the ARSS Company which has been awarded the contract to build this road from NHIDCL with the funding of JICA? “There are signs along the road even though they know that the traffic is every hour and the tourists are every day,” said the State Mahila President, Kong Joplyn S.Shylla.
The plans to convert our waste into useful waste can only be achieved if we have been able to separate the waste we produce from the kitchen itself.
In 1896, the Mawkhar and Nongsawlia Churches were established in Ri Khasi.
Banisha is happy that her brother has tried so hard to create a job for her.
The Fire Department in the State has started conducting a thorough inspection of the old wooden buildings including the Governor's Residence in the city which has been in existence for more than 120 years. to prevent any tragic incident, especially due to fire.
Besides this, the government is turning its attention to the urban areas because it wants the development to be from the urban to the rural areas and all the youth should get jobs by setting up their own businesses and not to rely more on government jobs.
Iong I Dahi, Samaro and Riatsaliya Mihmyntdu won the 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Thursday.
The school has also been used to build many karma buildings including a student accommodation.
Police have registered a case against them under Section 3(a)/4 and the investigation has been handed over to SI FK Marak, Nongstoin Women Police Station.
Before the start of the race, the MDC of the constituency and Deputy Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem said that other officials from Motphran and Iewduh but Rev JJM Nichols Roy will contest from Motphran and Iewduh. to protect the identity of the citizens of the State by introducing the Sixth Schedule.
There are also some insects that spread the stems of the dumasla plant, and others that eat the leaves.
Residents who have reached the age of 18 years and above as of 01.01.2023 (qualifying date) can also register on 1st April, 1st July or 1st October, 2023 and lodge a complaint if there is a mistake in the name. in Form-6.
Edystone said they have donated 5 of these oxygen cylinders to assist the hospital which treats COVID-19 patients.
Wankupar Marwein is a resident of Mawlai Nonglum and holds the post of Finance Secretary of the HNLC. The HNLC is especially involved in the financial sector.
“If we make the wrong choice, even the Meghalaya Land Transfer Act will be repealed.
“I don't have anything to say regarding the Government's plan because as Deputy CEM, I can only speak regarding the areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC. The CEM said that the EC will not be able to issue the NOC because until now, many of the residents of the State, whether they are Villages, Raids, Himas, various political parties, have not I don't know if I'll get the NOC.
Shillong: There have been 24 new cases of Coronavirus in the state in the last 24 hours.
In this Bible Convention and healing of the sick, Father Mathew Naickamparambil who is a world renowned preacher who has the special ability and power from God to heal the sick and his team of They will come to Ladrymbai to help people with various diseases through prayer and laying hands on the sick.
The North Eastern States, despite being located in hilly and forested areas, have implemented the JJM quickly.
In the next over, Bilgrak G Sangma scored another tied player through Shubham Rasaily (catch-out) to leave Delhi beaten by 7 runs and wicket.
“As a public representative I have to speak out but it doesn’t mean we don’t need to be protected as a small community, we need to be protected, as the political parties have expressed because we can be deprived of our jobs and it will bring about said the MP of Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, Rakkam said that even a small calculator does not have enough space to calculate the cost of paying salaries if the deficit of teachers is changed.
“Mab Mei, I don't know anymore.
Well if someone asks why you let him go? ye shall say, The Lord hath need of thee.
But these children are not the same.
Shillong, Nailur 3: About 70 villages on the border of Meghalaya and Bangladesh have been affected after the Ranikor bridge connecting Ranikor and Borsora-Nongjri collapsed yesterday.
I'll go with her on that shopping trip and I'll express my love and I'll see how she does...” Bahnah decided.
He said that it is surprising that these foreigners have been working in the area for many months, but they don't even have the Labor License which they have to get from the District Council. The KHADC has decided to strengthen existing laws such as the Trading by Non-Tribals Act which allows foreigners to come to work illegally in the State.
After the government called for an all party meeting, we went and participated.
The accusation and claim that it is God or the devil, or religion or group, or family and so on cannot save him and protect him from the evil he has done. .
The party at its meeting today demanded that he should apologize to the public through the media immediately, said Bah Egenstar.
In the first match between Rahjingshai S&CC and PFR Ft.
Jowai, July 30: On Tuesday, July 29, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, 2013, by sources from Mooriap village, Labang Nongphyllut District. Hospitals in Jowai or Shillong have been blocked by Karbi and Assam police in Tahpat village near Lapangap village.
"Enemy," is a movie I haven't had enough of watching.
Shillong, Naiwieng 26: The President of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) on Tuesday urged the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government not to set up a police out post. In Mukroh, the Officer-in-Charge should be appointed by a Pnar because he understands the problems of the people.
Speaking to media, NHPF President Andreas Nongkynrih said that according to RTI information from MePDCL, there are about 36 factories in Umiam and 22 factories in Byrnihat, they have not yet paid the bill which has reached more than Rs 44.57 crore.
The State Government has signed a soskular to set up a 35 MT factory at the Tura landfill and this factory will be operated by Chamhana GK and will also provide training to the villagers.
Speaking to reporters, Karnataka Congress Pradesh Committee President DK Shivakumar congratulated the people on the victory of the party.
With regard to the regulation of street vendors in urban areas of the State, the State Government has passed the Meghalaya Street Vendors Act,
Aid teams from neighboring Spain, who came to help along with some doctors and nurses in the team, who have arrived in the country and are working with people from This country, in order to assist this country at this time of crisis and need.
During the meeting with various clubs, the AIFF discussed the new themes and guidelines including the special prize money for this season.
After being briefed by the EMs i/c of ​​these departments, the Council approved the budget (2024-2025) which is T.13.59,36,8
Many students said that this Bill will take away the powers of the villages and will also violate the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution.
The statement said that when the households approached the house, they were locked up and searched the house and 57.70 lakh tyngka was seized. Prasanjit Aditya and Pandu Pal Aditya from Baksa District, Assam were arrested.
Shaphrang shaphrang, young people, by example; Don't destroy the nation, The future will shine.
In his speech, Dr. Lajja Ram Bishnoi, IPS DGP-Meghalaya, expressed his gratitude to ISCCM and NEIGRIHMS for conducting this training program on BLS for the police force of the state.
Shillong: The Milk Union, in a statement, said that due to the large demand for milk, it has not been possible to supply milk to the households.
Bernard's allegation is only to rapjot himself and mislead the public because he can no longer hide what the police have revealed about his illegal activities inside his house.
All these items have been seized, ED officials said. These items are located in Prayaraj and other places.
In a statement, Bah Pathaw said he was shocked by the recent news that he has joined the MPDF under the leadership of Bah Process.
Consulting & Strategy is the most marketed and accounts for 35% of all job offers.
It won the mid-term elections in Ampati after the resignation of Dr Mukul Sangma who won two seats and two seats in Songsak. He resigned from the Congress as an MLA.
“She said that the government will soon introduce a modern radiology unit at Jowai Civil Hospital.
“Although we have been able to harvest some of the crops after the independence of Meghalaya, there is still a lot of work to be done and the Government has to work with the purpose,” said Captain Sangma. to improve the income of the people of the State.
A youth was reportedly killed when he was chased by police for violating the curfew in Srinagar.
Sagar's motorcycle (ML05L-4561) while Amrit's motorcycle (ML04B-8895) was registered.
Jhum farming, as it is called, is the farming of nomads.
As a wrestler, Ringchi has just started to think about the sport after joining the Wrestling Association of WGHD which has only 23 wrestlers. ten months ago.
Shillong, Nailur 7: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, today decided to defend himself without the assistance of lawyers. he spoke against the court last year.
Shangpung MDC T. Suchiang, WJBA Adviser Rudolf E. Laloo, OC Jowai Police Station S. Manner and others were present on the occasion.
On your part, when you sing in Bollywood, you get a name and honor as a singer but what is the income of these people who have lived to sing in Bollywood? Batei: But first I don't know why I don't like to sing Khasi songs, religious songs, traditional songs, but I understand that God has given me the ability to sing songs. I know that you have the ability to sing Hindi songs, and at that time I understood that if I sing Hindi songs, I will earn money from this. im ja kpoh; I don't use this Hindi song to earn a living, but first I have to respect my own language, the Khasi language, and the Hindi song I sing now is just a job to earn money. im ja kpoh these.
Ah! A clean past that will remain only in memories and stories.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lamphrang Kharbani expressed his regret over the Assam government's plan to turn all the Khasi villages into seas and demanded that the Meghalaya government should take immediate action if it does not do anything. On this occasion, the party will not hesitate to go to the battlefield to fight for the people of the border area.
There is also talk that the Indian government may extend the curfew in order to curb the spread of the disease in the country.
The purpose of this workshop is to raise awareness among the residents of the North East to use electricity that is free from pollution.
Before doing anything, think carefully 3 times because the village urges everyone whether private or any organization to go to the village to talk to the village leaders to get more information. , don't take advantage of social media, don't avoid any tragic incidents.
The truth is that our children will not die or become stupid even if schools are closed for six years this year; but they should be promoted by introducing an Extraordinary General Grace system for all the children of the school.
Meghalaya needs to recruit 1955 female policemen, according to the NET report. There are only seven districts with female police stations including East Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ribhoi. West Garo Hills, East Garo Hills, and South Garo Hills while East Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills, South West Garo Hills and North Garo Hills do not have police stations.
“If the NPP says that the allegation of the Minister is wrong, if he does not apologize, they can remove him from the post of Minister to prove that you are not involved,” he said.
In the second half, the match became more intense and interesting due to the fierce struggle for the title and although the players of Umlakro fought hard to score the goal, but with the skill of the Umkynsier SC didn't allow them to score until the end of the first half to win the title by scoring 10 goals in the first half.
“If it happens, the party has to demand from Bah Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, that he should give away the block.
The main purpose of the ceremony is to show to the world that poverty, difficulties in life, cannot prevent us from achieving our goals especially in terms of education. , is one of the most valuable tools in the modern era.
He said what is the NPP, it is the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), it is a coalition government and various parties are part of the MDA. ) or the NPP or any other party, but if they accuse the MDA of being the government, this is the same because they have the right to speak and accuse.
Rymbai Skhenshynriah took the lead through Hikaidame Bareh in the 24th minute.
During the raid, police recovered a plastic bag containing five packets of Yaba from the truck.
There are currently about 15 million Bangladeshis, 2.2 million Nepalis, more than 100 million Tibetans and others in India.
Shillong, March 12: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today held a meeting on the Nongstoin-Wahkaji road.
Not only that, the loss of Ma RC Laloo, the second Chief Minister, is a great loss, as he is the tallest leader of the Congress party in the two districts of Eastern and West Jaintia Hills and it is through this man, perhaps, that the people still recognize and remember the Congress party.
On the 7th of this month, the Cabinet meeting of the State Government has decided to proceed with the relocation of the Harijans living in Themmetor Iewmawlaong to another. The Punjab government has recently said that it will send a complaint to the Union Home Minister Amit Shah.
Gayle Wood, 63, said Biden looked like he had a lot of trouble before he left the church.
Therefore, the department has submitted this proposal to the Cabinet to fill the vacancies on a contractual basis until the approval of the MPSC to become a permanent basis,” said James K Sangma.
He owns T.60 lakh of immovable property including 327571 sq feet of uncultivated land in Umsning, Ri Bhoi district worth T.20 lakh. He also owns a house in Mawprem of sq feet worth up to T.40 lakh.
He said that the constituency of MR is the safest constituency, but it is sad that such incidents happen.
This explanation of Mawsynram village is after a foreigner explained that a woman said that the name of Mawsynram village is where Ram lives.
We need to fight on the strong foundations that will protect our nation,” he said.
The tournament will start at 10:30 pm when Sumit Academy will face Madanryting SC and Mylliem Grassroot will face Kick Start Academy at 11:45 pm.
JSU President Rikut Parein, in his speech, urged the people to come forward with courage without hesitation to donate blood to the Blood Bank so that those who need blood in an emergency can donate blood. If the bank doesn't have blood, it's useless and we don't get blood when we need blood.
It undermines the foundation of free and fair elections in a balanced manner.
Because they thought they might be arrested, the three men applied for bail from the High Court.
If you don't have anything, you don't want to lose it.
The wealth of scientific knowledge that India has was hidden during the time of slavery.
The Dkhars are not allowed; but the children of the Dkhars were very rich.
The workshop will be held at Dorjee Khandu State Convention Center, Itanagar on 24th November 2023 from 9:30 pm.
“We have demanded that all these should be considered and only those who have proper documents should be issued trading license and if there are any types of business activities done by Khasi, they should no longer issue license to Dkhar,” he said. said Bah Kharjahrin.
Moosyiem scored the first goal through Shickel Langbang.
The arrested person was identified as Peterson Mawria, Peon at the Secretariat.
Lakador Syiem told a news portal that so far they have rescued 20 people who have been involved in prostitution and 9 of them are minors.
Vivek said that two cases have been registered against Mawlai Police Station under C/No.45(05)2023 under Section 419/420 IPC. 66D IT Act and another at Lumdiengjri Police Station under C/No.71(05)2023 under Section 419/420 IPC.
After this, the organizers had to play a tie breaker, in which Unite Together FC won 3-1 goals and became the first team to win the tournament.
Speaking at the election campaign rally for NPP candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh from Shillong constituency held at Wahiajer Market, West Jaintia Hills on Friday, Prestone recalled that when he was a government employee, In 1999, a preacher went to mislead the people to sell their property and stay in the forest because as soon as 12 o'clock in the evening on November 31, 1999, they would go up to the forest. heaven in the year
Puramon Kynjin, Dolloi Elaka Jowai, while speaking on the occasion, said that the Soo Langdohs, on the basis and religious teachings they have received, fulfill the promises of the Lord to Hynniewtrep people and ensure peace and harmony. The welfare and development of the Raij Village as well as the Elaka as a whole will come.
On the other hand, the JCCC has requested the government to do something to train the youth in the state from time to time.
Julius Dorphang has been in jail for more than three and a half years after he was involved in the rape of a 14 year old girl along with several others. .
Shillong, March 24: The Mawlai Block Congress Committee (MBCC) has requested the Governor of Meghalaya to look into the situation of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) which has lost T.2 crore due to corruption.
“When the KSU was formed, we had to take the students by bus from the college, but later they came,” said Michael.
The Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) has repatriated four Arunachal youths who arrived in the country in the past few days.
At the same time, he appealed to the people of the area to be patient at this time because if the government cannot do anything immediately on the incident, they will be able to do something immediately. The party themselves will have to intensify their protests and while time does not tell, it cannot be said.
Furthermore, the electricity produced here will go directly to the national grid, without the use of excess electricity in lead-acid batteries, a cost-effective method of storage and also, putting the environment at risk. .
The Lent season begins on Sunday until the time of Easter, the day of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus Christ.
On Saturday, Yadav slammed Ranaut, saying, "What kind of woman is she, who says such things?"
There were 58 participants from all over the South West Khasi Hills District and 19 Senior Men, 12 Senior Women and 12 Senior Men. Senior Women, 18 under 18 boys and 9 under 18 girls.
The film Kabir Singh is directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga.
We have to understand that the Reservation Policy needs to be amended first because the implementation of the roster is not a problem”.
At the same time, the EJNC strongly condemns the 7 MLAs from Jaintia Hills who have listened silently to the problems of the Jaintia people.
Pius was defeated by Congress candidate Martin M Danggo by about 2,000 votes.
It may not be in this way 'Remember the Lord of Khasi Jaintia' but Rev G Angel Jones understands that we are one country, one nation.
On Tuesday, rescue teams recovered hundreds of bodies while digging and clearing the landslide areas in the eastern parts of the country. the Libyan city of Derna and reported that about 10,000 people are still missing since the area was hit by floods caused by the collapse of dams and spilled into neighboring cities of these dams.
Nongpoh: U Samla Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU Nongpoh Circle, today inaugurated the parking lot built by the KSU Nongpoh Circle and Mawphrew Unit. Mawphrew village, which is also one of the backward villages and is only a few kilometers from Nongpoh.
“In terms of health care, we have gone down to the bottom,” he said.
First of all, Pangniang said, “I congratulate him” and regarding the PDF, Pangniang said that the PDF does not have its own principles, but follows the principles of the PDF. The HSPDP with its Rs 133 crore has become a great refuge for the MDCs and others who intend to contest the MLA election, especially the PDF party. this scheme.
After a few years he decided to return to his village, so the preparations were very extensive for the arrival of the world famous scientist.
The union said that the Director of Distribution of MeECL, Bah Pher Lyngdoh, has promised before the FKJGP leaders to provide electricity to Sohjarang village in Mairang constituency of West Khasi Hills. indeed.
However, in November 2021, the number of cases per day began to fall below 80,000.
Urging the parents and the youth not to worry but to be calm, Conrad said, “We are monitoring the situation from time to time and in which we have We have also held talks with the Government of Manipur and we have taken measures to ensure that the expulsion of our students from the state will be as soon as possible while the situation cannot be controlled. in that state and then we’ll decide how to proceed.
“What is surprising is that this year too many Khasi students who have to write this examination have to go abroad. Those who have to take the examination in the coming months will have to write in Shillong,” said the statement. examination of the D.El.
Speeches were also delivered by the Circle/Unit Leaders who attended the Dorbar, and a special song was sung by the Seng Samla of the Kur. sha can you Dorbar.
Rates earned through this option will be valid for three years and will be applicable to all eligible agencies.
Shillong: The Office of the District Malaria Officer, Nongpoh today celebrated the World Malaria Day on 25th April 2022 at the Science Hall, Nongpoh.
In the midst of death or in the midst of punishment.
When asked about her preparation for the MP election, Ampareen Lyngdoh said that her preparation is her life and she still needs to prepare better.
God says – “Thou (Israel) art my sword and my weapons of war: with thee will I break in pieces the nations, and with thee will I destroy kingdoms.
The Congress has divided the country on the basis of religion,” said Amit Shah.
“Those who make idols are a graven image, a molten image that is nothing” Isaiah 44:9-1
Shillong, November 03: To curb the illegal trade of foreigners in the KHADC area, the Enforcement Police of KHADC today continued to raid foreign shops in the market and Many Dkhars were found trading without trading license.
This is not only illegal but also destructive, destructive and destructive to many churches, especially in the evening.
Out of the 478 cases, 43 cases are in East Garo Hills, 19 cases in East Jaintia Hills, six cases in Byndihati, three cases in Jalaphet Pyrdung and four cases in Sutnga.
If we want to survive in the future, we must take responsibility for protecting the environment and don't wait until it's too late, because it's useless to cry when the milk is gone. Before the environment is destroyed and affected by the destruction of mankind, it is time for us to say together let us protect the environment, because the environment is the source of life is yours.
Shillong: The KSU Namdong, led by the President of the Unit, Samla Chanbor War and the General Secretary, Samla Juhhi Tariang, today met with the District Medical and Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills. Jowai on the delays in the work of Namdong PHC. During the visit, another doctor was demanded, as he alone cannot serve due to the large number of patients in the area. The DM&HO said that there is a sanction post for the doctors at the PHC and the union has demanded that the staff of the PHC. Namdong PHC to follow the duties of the patients of this area, and to respect the time of the patients who come for treatment at this PHC and also for the donor. medicine should be available within the PHC while it is during working hours.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Vice President Hamlet Malngiang, who is on the other side, said that the BJP in Sohra is still running for a while. “We don't know who created the new Mandal, we don't know, how they did ours in fact. “It's been destroyed, but in the unclear we have to take part,” he said.
This day stands for compassion, kindness and brotherhood.
During the raid, 32 foreign workers were found working at the toll plaza. None of them had any documents including work permit or labor license to work at the toll plaza. place.
The meeting was conducted by Dr Tylliborlang Syiem. Other officers of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare including Dr. B.Nengnong, CDPO West Khasi Hills, Dr. W.Sutnga, Junior Specialist, Dr. R.Sutnga, Dr. Pastor PB Kharbani, Principal of Joel Gatphoh Memorial Higher Secondary School, Sordars of neighboring villages and other dignitaries were present.
Assam has not planted as many as these states of India except in the hilly areas.
Man of the Match was awarded to Samla Ontis War (Nohron FC), Best Goal Keeper to Samla Donaldson Lyting (Nohron FC), Top Scorer to Shahlem Lynshiang (Nohron FC). ) with a cash prize of T.1,000/- and a trophy, while the Discipline Team was won by Mawpyrshong Sports Club with a cash prize of T.1,5 The Best Match Pass was won by the team of Mawpyrshong Sports Club which won the cash prize of T.10,0
He said there is also a scheme to help the sick, which will help one third of the people who are seriously ill.
The CEM said that the KHADC has given the authority after receiving the permit from the village officials and has directed them to meet with the village officials on this matter.
Lakhs of fish and fish species and 10 billion species of birds in the oceans die every year because of plastic pollution.
4 walls.
Speaking on the impact of drugs, alcohol and other beverages, he reminded that when people drink these beverages they feel like they are gone and cannot fight because these beverages make them They don't know that when they are enslaved, their future will be dark and the end is stupidity because it affects the brain.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: Along the Mylliem road starting from Mylliem petrol pump to 10 meters below, it was seen that there are big trees, which have been erected to charge electricity and which are old. and now it seemeth that they shall fall.
Nongstoin, June 10: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle today closed down a shop owned by a foreigner named Chatelal Thakur. The shop is located in the town of Nongstoin which is also under the jurisdiction of the town of New-Nongstoin.
“Because while we have to fight hard, we have to work harder and it will be the same for other friends because in the end the people will choose only one winner”.
Nongpoh, Naitung 04: The government has decided to install a weighbridge in front of the office of the District Transport Officer, Nongpoh, after the government has relocated the weighbridge at Umling. The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) today visited the area to express its strong opposition to the government's plan to install a weighbridge at the area.
He said that they don't increase the salary of the workers because they don't want to give money to the people.
Bah Dhar, who will contest the election from Nartiang constituency as the NPP candidate, has announced his assets of T 6 crore in 2018, but in 2023, his wealth has increased. to T 45 crore which was based on his advertisement.
Shillong, July 1: U MLA of Shillong, Bah Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday said that the state government needs to improve the cities in the state as the boundary of the city in Shillong is only within 50 kilometers of the municipal area.
“We demand that the KHADC should remove him immediately, not leave him alone,” said Curtis.
The High Court said that it is now clear that the state government has proceeded to allow the shops to open even after the court has ordered that it should not do so until the end of the year. to meet the requirements first.
She urged all the students to work hard physically and mentally to pass the chapters and to obey their parents and teachers, so that they can reach the goal of victory because only those who work shitom that does not reach the clear name.
The election in Sohiong has been postponed and the polling will be held only for 59 constituencies.
Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month.
The two residents of Mizoram were arrested from a village in Jalpaiguri district, West Bengal.
Yellow card, if you do wrong, the people will not sleep.
“The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has rejected the Government's proposal to relocate 342 households from Them Metor to the area of ​​the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC). Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
Shillong: Members of the Measles and Rubella Campaign of East Khasi Hills District on Tuesday held a meeting with the media in the presence of Dr Robert R Marak, District Nodal Officer. Dr Roy of the World Health Organization and Dr Sabrina of the Indian Academy of Pediatrics.
Though the statistics on the number of such vehicles that have been released or issued fake documents are not yet clear, sources say that the number of such vehicles may poi and that spah typically.
According to the current policy, there is a gap in the Reservation Policy implemented by the State Government.
“These things can be repaired or improved,” he said.
KOSCY SHG has conducted a Cleaning Drive to clean up the garbage from Tyrchi Fall, Water Bottles, Bottles and other items. Wow Mynt.
“That is why we are here to bring about change, to those in need, so that every household in the state can benefit from the schemes that the NDA government has offered to its people. state".
“The SP should not talk about such an incident if he is not sure of the truth of the incident.
David said that this is not the first time that Ardent has spoken out against those who know better the reasons, against anyone who expresses his dissatisfaction with the ideas, the world. , his behavior and speech.
The KSU led by Phanuel Tongper Vice President, Poibiang S Dhar Finance Secretary, KS Suchiang General Secretary KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit and others.
They say that politics is the power that can make others do what they need to do.
Applications can also be lodged online by visiting the e-daakhil portal www.edaakhil.
Chyne said the former EC has already invested crores of rupees to improve the site, but the site has not yet been improved while the new EC has spent only T80 lakh and the work has been completed. you are walking.
Furthermore, it was noted that in the 2023 elections, due to the lack of an alliance before the elections, the parties that have been in the MDA government so far, have split from each other.
He said that when using these necessities every day, it is necessary to manage the waste.
“Our people understand more clearly how to elect a person whom the government has already had and a person whom it loves.
UY Patweth scored 48 runs off 28 balls.
Donald Trump today wrote on Twitter, in which he strongly condemned the US missile attack on Syria, saying it was very accurate.
It is not easy to get into Parliament.
He said that VHAM has used the name of RB Pharmacy to claim that it is owned by Lucky Bareh but when investigated it was found that it is owned by R Swer and she has no information. It was also found that Passah Medicure has never sold equipment or medicines to VHAM as stated in the written statement and showed that VHAM has purchased equipment for thousands of tyngka. I'm going to the pharmacy.
He said that the party will lodge a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-bhoi regarding this incident and demand that she should take strong action to punish those involved in this incident. law.
The RDA candidate also said he would urge the Central Government to reconsider the border settlement between India and Bangladesh to protect the rights of the villagers.
They also complained that when they went to the PHE department to demand that the water pipes should be repaired, the answer was that there is no scheme to repair the water pipes. it shall provide water from one hour to two hours in the morning and one hour in the evening.
On the other hand, the BDO encouraged the people with disabilities to register for Adhaar because without Adhaar they cannot get government schemes or any other. the benefits they can receive from the government.
Seinduli-2 falls under Rambrai and Myriaw Hima and the Constituency and Block falls under Mawshynrut Hima.
Therefore know that the name of Jesus is the name above the names of the gods of this world, and there is no other name.
However, we are fortunate that the world of liberalization, privatization and globalization, has allowed various companies to come and provide opportunities to the unemployed youth to earn a living to meet their daily needs. day.
“I am happy and thankful to God for helping me to pass this examination.
From Khliehriat constituency, two candidates, Violet Lyngdoh of the NPP and Bah Stonely Shylla of the UDP, have won. including 339 males and 36 females.
At the same time, he explained the purpose of the Self Help Group (SHG) Mela-cum-Financial Literacy Camp. Reminding them of the four principles of Panchitra, one of which is the plan, how to save money or smart saving, how to spend money or wise spending, how wise borrowing and insurance and pension.
On this occasion, as a sign of encouragement to drink milk, the chief guest also distributed milk to the students who attended the programme.
The Dorbar Shnong Khliehmyntriang is pleased and grateful to the Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) for its willingness to donate and help the poor families with foodgrains to the village on the 23rd of this month. moon.
In the first innings of SCA-A, Kshitij Singhania scored 10 runs to score a half century and 10 runs to win the match after scoring three wickets. fours and four sixes off 35 balls in an innings of 49 runs.
RM Khonglah, Teacher, Thomas Jones Synod College, Jowai, in her speech, said that when I read this book which Dr Mohrmen gave me to improve, I found that I have benefited. shikatdei is not this court.
In Nongpoh, in the first innings of Zone 1, Shillong Cricket Association beat East Jaintia Hills by 68 runs.
He advised the woman not to lose hope even if she has been abandoned by her husband but to stand as a mother to suffer for the sake of her children.
The UCC Act, which is more complex than a khwai laikanat, requires all Indians to worship the same common faith, speak the same languages ​​and accept the same customs. - equal customs in society, employment, income and to avoid excessive differences, through various laws, within one country.
He said he wants the United Democratic Party (UDP), the Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and the People's Democratic Front (PDF) not to pay at all. The Khun Hynniewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has decided to join hands with these four parties to come together under the same umbrella so that the ethnic parties can rule together in the state.
Shillong, March 17: The Muslim festivals of Eid-ul-Zuha were celebrated in Meghalaya today.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Ri Bhoi District Congress Committee (RBDCC) today inspected the Transit Camp set up by the Assam Government through the Transport Department. , which is located under the village of Khanapara, Raid Marwet, Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: Congress leaders from Meghalaya on Tuesday met Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and party president Mallikarjune Kharge in Delhi.
The UDA team had six people in attendance, including me.
“Phim is going to visit you.
This happened yesterday, when the woman was returning from a shop with her son, as she used to do business with people from Bangladesh.
And this position is still maintained today.
“Tylli Myrthong has cheated and the registration of the society by any group is different from the registration of land”.
These statements don't appear in the media because they have been set up by this rich man who is close to the Prime Minister”.
Roy said the time has come to elect a candidate, as the MP elections are scheduled to be held in June or June next year.
In religious affairs there are conflicts, quarrels and strife.
Sawaka and Kajol came in the First Division, 22 candidates passed in the Second Division and the pass percentage of the examination was kalong 19.05 pc.
Since the installation of these speed brakers, the number of speed brakers has exceeded
The central government has allocated T.1000 crore to 15 ADCs in the North East including Assam, Meghalaya, Mizoram and Tripura.
According to information received, only two candidates from Jowai South Constituency, Ma Baitlang Pohsngap and Ma Wanki Nongpluh, who is also the incumbent MDc, have been nominated. In the 2009 elections, this time it has been said that the MDc can contest from the Congress party.
Fortunately, this young boy got on the right bus and arrived in Nongstoin.
The Dorbar Shnong has also prohibited the robbers from killing the fish in all the streams within the boundary of the Shnong by shooting, shooting, tongjar or otherwise. bom dynamite.
The program is expected to be implemented after
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Achik Peace Volunteers Council (APVC) has urged the government to use force to stop talks with the rebel groups in Garo Hills. the emergence of insurgent groups in Lum Garo and their activities.
We also suggest to the State Police, Border Security Force and Custom & Central Excise to conduct more searches and also to cooperate in the fight against drug trafficking in the State. to cooperate with the village authorities and to conduct more searches at the entry and exit points into the State,” said the president of the HYC.
Only the MLA, MP, and MDC elections have been held once, and it is time for the people to understand better how to exercise their rights, but if they cannot To hold this responsibility, the election of MLAs in the 2023 elections will be the same as in the past 20 years.
Partly, this may be due to the pollution of the public themselves, by dumping garbage in this river.
Speaking in the Legislative Assembly on 20th November, 2023, Nongkrem MLA Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, who is also the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), said that The expectation is that it will be ruled by the people of the Kur Lyngdoh, Sangma, Marbaniang, Kharkongor and others, but the state is under the rule of the Kumars.
The World Bank's figures are based on information received from the private sector, as the Indian government has not released a figure on the number of poor people.
Rio said the Congress passed the Food Security Bill after understanding that the people were hungry and angry.
We have lost a Judge and we trust that God will guide and explain how to fill this gap.
After the partition of Assam, the states of Nagaland and Meghalaya and the Union Territory of Mizoram came into being.
This will bring about a strong foundation in the society of our Hynniewtrep people.
Then it was presented to Rev. Dr. Overland Snaitang who received the State Award in 2015 and the State Literary Award in
There are seven teams in the Super Division who will compete for the title and represent the district in the Meghalaya State League of the MFA. On this occasion, the EJHDFA also released the Baby League Champion Trophy.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Sengkmie and Khliehriat Circle together with the leaders of Thangskai Village have met with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and the union has lodged a letter of complaint with the government. During the meeting, the Minister informed that the government has received the documents sent from the DC's office and found that Ayush Kumar He gave the PRC which he received from the DC in
These Muay Thai fighters were welcomed by the MPUF under the leadership of Jackson Sohtun President and members in the presence of Bah Angelus Sun President of the MPUF.
On the part of the boys and girls of this sports tournament they expressed their happiness to be able to take part in such a tournament and although it is the first time and it has encouraged many of them to they can still play well enough to win the title.
Meghalaya has been able to finish second in the table, and Meghalaya hopes that the team will fight hard to reach the final.
The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi District Council, Bah PN Syiem, has resigned today.
Nongpoh: U Reno Thawmuid (25) of Mawklot, Upper Shillong, who was also a contractor for the construction of the Jingkieng at Dwarksuid, has passed away today. After falling from the Siej while trying to cross the Umiam River at Dwarksuid Umroi.
“There will be no change in the previous tender, but what is needed is to call a new financial bid tender,” said Dr Donkupar.
He said that the minority members have been fighting for many years to get their rights but the government has not implemented them at all and they have threatened to go to court if it remains silent.
The people should be vigilant and think carefully about the secret plans of this government in the future otherwise we will become like blind men in front of the intelligent world today.
In the second innings, Meghalaya were 382 runs behind Karnataka.
Although Prof JK Chauhan has given these difficult answers, the members of the HYC have urged him to reinstate these 5 Khasi youths. left the area, even though they had served in the field for about 10 years.
Although he did not say whether the resigned MDCs will be banned from contesting the election again after their resignation, he said the state government has already passed the Prevention of Disqualification Act. Amendment Bill, 2015 to restrict the freedom of expression of public leaders in accordance with the Constitution.
The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) on Thursday held a march to protest against the violence in Manipur which has been going on for more than two months. suk you sign in this State.
He said that the work of the petrol pump workers will resume from Saturday.
When it comes to culture: Is there any culture or nation in the world that can claim to be pure and clean because it still preserves its culture as it was handed down from our ancestors? ? If you don't, you'll be called a rich nation or an ancient custom! Today's world speaks of the whole world as a small city because through the Internet it is possible to know events from across the sea in minutes and seconds.
As a nation, which is still strongly attached to its own identity, knowledge of man and knowledge of God, it once again faces the storms of that rongphong that comes to blow from all sides. , without turning, it is impossible to distinguish between what is right and what is wrong, because everyone has been forced to do what is right, which is behind it, there is another purpose for selfish gain.
Shillong, March 6: Police have arrested Jacky S Marak, 21, of Athiabari, West Khasi Hills today and Sarmaston D Sangma, 22, of Dholaigaon, Dangar. and a shopkeeper at Golden Gate Restaurant, Nongmensong, for their involvement in the murder of Anjana Sinha, on 3rd November 2017, in which they also robbed her mobile phone and T.2,000 from her body.
Army officials said the two soldiers who were shot were injured and treated at a medical centre, where they are now recovering.
These four projects cost Rs 397.42 crore and are targeted to be completed within the next two years.
On the other hand, HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin said, “We cannot get the ILP, to include the Khasi language in Schedule 8 especially the reservation policy if we don't get the ILP. Prime Minister of the Khasi Pnar People"
In addition, the Khasi States, which have a higher status than the Autonomous District, shall be incorporated into the Autonomous District as provided for in paragraph 20; sub-paragraph (2) of the Sixth Schedule.
Both these two teams have had the opportunity to prepare for the Shillong Premier League (SPL). shake jar.
It may be recalled that Fenela Nonglait was expelled from the HSPDP during the Lok Sabha MP elections for attending a meeting of the UDP candidate Bah Paul Lyngdoh who was born in Motphran.
The 10-bed ICU Project is a collaboration between the Department of Health and Family Welfare, the State Government and the eGovernment Foundation. in 11 districts of the state.
I Lyngdoh scored the goals for Laitlyngkot in the 13th minute and F Kharkongor in the 53rd minute while R Kharbuki scored for Umlyngka SC in the 69th minute.
Neither the Government of India nor the State Government has adequate funding for sports.
She urged them to be ready and have enough time to come for training, not to miss even one day, so that this training will help them to become entrepreneurs and not job seekers.
This came after she beat Ukraine's Elina Svitolina 6-3, 6-3 on Friday.
The Union has also urged the students of Damkan Paramedical College/Damkan University not to attend classes this year as the police are investigating the incident. read the eastern part of the country.
The program was attended by Mohan Limbu, Chairman of Jhalupara Village Council, Bah Ernest Mawrie, President of the BJP in the state, working members of various political parties and more than 1500 people. who came to attend that day.
There are also drivers who don't take the fare from Tynring to neigrihms. There are 50 fares and 40 fares.
Teachers, lawyers, engineers and many scholars from Punjab, Haryana; They went to the border of Singhu to take part in the protest of the farmers and the area became more and more crowded day by day.
Hello, I need a job.
He said the scheme is targeted to be completed by October
Last month, they suspended the implementation of the MNREGS scheme in Umwali.
This was announced by Bah RM Shabong, Chairman of the Coalition.
The parking of vehicles along the road is one of the main causes of traffic jams because there are always riewshimkabu who try to park their vehicles even when they see that there is no parking space. spirit you don't have anymore.
This special day has not been celebrated on the 3rd of this month which is the UN General Day, which also has the theme “Transformative Solution for Inclusive Development. fueling an Accessible and Equitable World”.
The trial will start at 10 am.
Dewbilat houses, basa houses, and shops have been built without permission from the authorities.
Therefore, after the British Government declared independence on 15th July 1947, these leaders of India, to forcibly annex the Khasi Hills and to incorporate them into the Dominion of India, did not agree with the They deceived the Khasi chiefs and to involve them in that arrangement by writing a so-called 'Stand Still Agreement'
How much more so when you are like tyrneng and pahuh pahai.
About 60 Jamaican schoolchildren have fallen ill and been hospitalized after eating candy made from cannabis, the education minister said. of the Caribbean.
Besides, five executive members were also elected.
The Seng also sends its condolences to the family of Bah Ronald especially to his wife Kong Baailang Lyngdoh Nonglait and his son, Lathan Lyngdoh Nonglait. he shall bless thy household.
The new appointment may be completed soon and not long in these days as the Prime Minister wants to replace the departments held by the Ministers after seeing the way they work in these two years. last year.
The 1st Open to All Veteran Football Tournament (EJHDFA) has reached the final after the semifinal match on 5th November.
Why didn't those who killed Jesus hang him on the cross, why didn't they cut him with a sword so that he would die quickly? Because they want to embarrass.
The meaningful conversion according to the Word of God is the confession of sins, whether small or large, because there are many kinds of sins.
The former Monaco midfielder is also the symbud captain of PSG, following Brazilian Marquinhos.
In the 50m breaststroke, Sumarbiang Mawlong won silver, in the 50m breaststroke, junior boys, Cleric Wanniang won bronze and in the 50m backstroke, Fulljunesing Marngar won bronze.
In the men's category, Krestarjune Pathaw, Knerlang Phawa, Iohborlang Nongspung and David Dkhar won silver.
Shops have started filling up along the roads and along the footpaths of Iewduh, Motphran, Khyndai Lad and other parts of Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 1: A 19-year-old girl who was raped by an elderly man has died on Tuesday.
These include EGH: 3, EJH: 2, EKH: 235, NGH: 3, RBD: 51, SWGH: 7, WGH: 10, WJH: 11 and WKH:
The exhibition showcases the freedom struggle of India through a display of various paintings.
Why hasn't our proposal been implemented?
The President of CSWO, Kong Agnes Kharshiing, said that the state urban department has planned to purchase more of these four buses but what else is doing bad when they run for a short time.
Dr Kharlukhi launched a souvenir, foundation stone and lowered the jubilee flag.
Bah Pyniaid urged the Dorbar Shnong Rynjah to find a place for the installation of an RCC for the disposal of waste from the market and households.
Similarly, there are many explainers in some places, this is also one of the misunderstandings among the people.
The TCSU Leader appealed to the youth of the State to join the TCSU so that together we can fight against the problems faced by the youth of the State.
The Jal Jeevan Mission has been working quickly to provide water, but many villages have not yet seen water pipes.
He said that the youth should be careful not to get involved in activities that will affect their education especially in terms of law.
The prizes were awarded by Ma Wailadmiki Shylla as the chief guest at a short meeting held at the Dorbar Hall of Caroline Colony.
I have to respect the human rights of others too.
However, there are also parents who are proud and insult their children by saying, “And our children cannot fight”.
The Seng said that as it has appeared in the media that the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States of India including Meghalaya, under the direction of the Minister of Home Affairs of India, Hindi subject has been approved to be made compulsory in schools up to class
Shillong: The Meghalaya Indigenous People's Forum (MIPF) has urged the MDA government led by Conrad Sangma as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya not to take action on the issue of sending a Speaker to the Rajya Sabha. The MP Lok Sabha, MLAs and MDCs are the ones who have elected the leaders. In this regard, the party urges the MDA government to He asked for advice from the indigenous people on how to send a leader to the Rajya Sabha who should be an intelligent person so that Meghalaya will not remain in darkness or shame.
Karate: The East Khasi Hills District men's and women's karate team won five gold medals each at the end of the Meghalaya Games in Tura. .
Nidamon Chulet, Waheh Shnong of Mynkrem Shangpung, has been elected as the new president of the Union of Wahhhnongs of Laskein Block.
Remember that God loves those who love Him and protects those who protect Himself. gather together for prayer in your places of worship.
In the second match of Group-A, Laitkor SC beat Mawkriah West SC 16-0
With such thinking, the Government should wake up and think carefully about the future of the educated youth who are unemployed.
“As you know, such discussions are up to the higher authorities and it is also up to the non-eligible authorities.
The parties said that they will force the Election Commission to conduct the counting in all the constituencies as there are still few voters in the state which is only 60 constituencies and one constituency has only about 30 thousand voters. .
The Governor was accompanied by Sohra MLA Gavin Miguel Mylliem, Sohiong MLA Samlin Malngniang and Jowai MLA Wailad Shylla.
“At present, the dorbar is adjacent to the market, but we are looking into bringing for them a proper building in the community which will include the office of the dorbar, offices for the youth organisation, office for women's organization, meeting place, parking space and so on.
He demanded that while the investigation is ongoing, the EM in charge of the finance department should hand over the finance department to the CEM so that the investigation can be transparent. Antonio War MDC of Laitumkhrah, KHADC.
Registration will be done in the same step.
There is a fight at the time of the fight and the fight is over.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi to launch and implement a Rs 24,000 crore scheme for the Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups (PVTG) on the occasion of Janjatiya Gaurav Divas on 15th November He was arrested in Jharkhand on Tuesday.
When I saw this sunrise from Nongjrong, I felt like I was blessed.
As the Seng and the people of Ri Khasi wish, the wish of Prof. War is that the Khasi Language should be recognized in the Sixth Schedule.
Shillong: U Damaitphang Lyngdoh from Bengaluru FC has emerged as one of the top goal scorers for Bengaluru FC in the U-15 Youth League. in the zonal round where he scored 9 goals until the end of the match.
“It is for this reason that after discussing with the people from all over Nongpoh and Ri-Bhoi District, we have received various suggestions and through this day we will bring back and “It's the decision of the people,” said Bah Mayral. He said that the first vote that was agreed on that day was to support the reform. The main purpose of the meeting was to get the opinion if the people support the Reservation Policy, in what form and manner will it be amended? He said that he has received many suggestions from the people and believes that all these suggestions will be taken to the government.
Shillong, November 13: The KSU Nongthymmai Circle together with the Tramline Badminton Academy are preparing to hold the Maitshaphrang Khasi Badminton 2023 today at Nongthymmai Indoor. Stadium at 4 pm.
Without speaking against the bloodshed in Assam , Tarun said that bloodshed cannot bring good but only dialogue you understand.
“With regards to ILP, the government should come out clear on the stand of the government of India on whether it will give ILP to Meghalaya or not.
He said that a government department has issued a letter to link the public with Aadhaar as well as mobile companies and this shows that there is no order.
This will be a blessing not only to you, but especially to your descendants and the nation.
The march was held today from Ladweitang Square to St. Peter's Square with the participation of tens of thousands of residents of Pyndengrei. to the students of various schools in the village.
At the same time, more than 150 elderly people over 80 years of age have already registered from home and about 54 people with disabilities have already registered.
This has given a strong warning to the Congress party, as many of its MLAs have left the party and joined the BJP. In the 2017 MLA elections, the Congress party has 17 MLAs. In 2019, 10 Congress MLAs joined the BJP and now the party has only 2 MLAs. The BJP has 27 MLAs in the Goa Assembly.
The US has 2,926 operational satellites, China has 493, the UK has 450, Russia has 167, while India has the highest number of satellites. through 58 satellites.
At this meeting, the union strongly demanded that the road from Nongtalang to Dawki should be repaired as it has been damaged and has been damaged.
Chilliangraij Village is known as Khonraij in religious terms and is one of the oldest villages in Jowai.
The security forces have intensified searches in various districts and have seized a large number of stolen items from the warehouses of the security forces and police.
The dates of the meetings will be announced later.
Our Khasi Hills, of course, no one can say that it has received the title of Christian State and this is true that it should have received this title.
In addition, KHNAM reminded that MeECL, as the agency responsible for this, falls under the provisions of the Electricity (Rights of Consumers) Rules, 2020 which it will have to comply with. .
He said that instead of using plastic, the public can use body sheets and clothes.
On the other hand, the Election Office has invited the leaders of various political parties to come to the DC Office to distribute the Electoral Roll, but no one has come.
A total of 176 Fisheries Projects across India, including 16 Projects in Meghalaya with a total investment of T.4.3 crore, have participated in the programme. The states in the districts of Eastern West Khasi Hills, East Jaintia Hills, West Jaintia Hills, Ri Bhoi District, North Garo Hills, South Garo Hills, and South West Garo Hills have been released through a video by Parshottam. Rupala, Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying, in the presence of Minister of Fisheries, AL Hek and witnessed by officials of Fish Farmers and Fisheries of the State. along with others from parts of the country.
Shillong, March 24: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare today held a review of the work of the department at the Conference Hall, Shillong Club. participates.
In honor and commemoration of this day, the NRVO, Kyrphei in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong, held a special meeting in the presence of the President of the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong. that of NRVO and Rissida Rynjah.
The four of them said that the song has changed their lives and they put the lack of conditions but they put the song and the music first and they said that they have found that the song makes one to people everywhere.
On the other hand, the child said that he knew one of the kidnappers called 'Bablu'
The 1st Mowkaiaw Constituency Premier League Cricket Tournament 2021 started on Saturday with the victory of Knight Rider and Super King at Mukhap Stadium.
In the 1st Division match between Nongstoin FT and Lawse SC, Nongstoiñ FT ended in a 3-0 draw.
The Prime Minister may bring it to the MDA or he may take a decision at the right time as he has already told reporters in an interview with him in the past few days.
He said that together with the incumbent MLA of Mawphlang, they will follow in the footsteps of Bah SK Sunn who has paved the way in terms of jobs in order to complete the remaining tasks. He said that he knows how to implement the schemes if he wins this election because he knows well about the progress of the schemes at the Secretariat.
Non-NFSA 7.215 kilograms per card at the price of T.13 per kilogram Prime Minister's Poor Welfare Awareness Yojana (PMGKAY) will distribute 30 kilograms per AAY and PHH card. The khaw is not provided by the government to the beneficiaries.
He said that the people should also know their rights which they should get from the leaders because the government has allocated 1337.5 lakh tyngka per year for each MLA to distribute to the people for the benefit of the people. economic growth and others are their needs.
Lamlynti FC took the lead in the 61st minute of the second half through a mistake by Madan S&CC , Imeral Jana who scored the first goal. Own goal.
With this firm determination, the “Team Health India” has almost forgotten about their own needs and have lost their loved ones due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Team Health India is proud and fortunate to serve the country during this time of great crisis which is a sign of the dignity of the work they do.
When she came home in the evening, she told her mother and all her children. They all wanted to go and see their Bakha at home.
It is only the BJP that puts forward the development, the empowerment of the people with the initiatives that Modi has brought and many of the holy things that you should vote for to win the BJP.”
“In Nagupara, West Garo Hills, I visited a bridge which has collapsed halfway due to the heavy rain.
When asked about the demand for the resignation of the Minister of Home Affairs after the shooting, Bah VGK Kynta said that in fact he has the right to resign as a responsibility but he said. that this refusal to step down shows the greed of the leaders of this age.
Police have launched a search operation for the two children and with the assistance of the Assam Police, they have been rescued from two places in Kalain. , Assam.
On the roads, the Governor said that 4300 km of roads have been constructed in the state under the PMGSY and some roads have been constructed under the Chief Minister's Rural Connectivity Programme.
All Rangbah Shnongs are requested to announce this publicly in their villages.
The landslide also carried away trees and stones and lynshop the truck until the truck could no longer move and stopped between the trees and the ground which looked like a highway. has state Kum forest.
In reply, Cricket Lovers managed to tied well and reached the target in 19 overs for 124 runs for the loss of four wickets.
All Hima and Rangbah Shnongs have been directed to announce the ban on plastic bags in the villages within the KHADC boundary. He said that the ban on plastic bags has been successful by 85% and he hopes that with the understanding and cooperation of the people, the use of plastic bags will be completely banned.
Secretary JPC Market Management JB Laloo informed the public that the Iaw Shyiap at Chutwakhu, Jowai will reopen on the 11th of June.
It is a company that sells household items, such as tables, chairs and other household items.
They traced his whereabouts through a mobile phone to Kozhikode and with the help of Pantheerankavu police, they found him from the residence of the workers where he was hiding.
However, let us meet first so that we know what the final decision will be," he added.
In the final match between the two teams, Ranikor CC won the toss and elected to tied first SP CT for 170 runs in 20 overs for the loss of 6 wickets. wicket.
Regarding the earthquake in some parts of West Khasi Hills on Saturday and Sunday night, several youths who did not want to be named spoke to this reporter. On Saturday night, while they were buying tarpaulin to cover their houses, they said that although the politicians have not come out to provide assistance to the villages. They also received information that they will come in these days but they don't know what kind of assistance they will provide.
Kangana Ranaut, the BJP MP candidate, has compared herself to Amitabh Bachchan.
Furthermore, after the meeting with the officers, it was understood that the ban by the District authorities on the movement of coal trucks may continue until the end of the 8-month coal transportation period. Shillong, Jymmang 9: The BJP-led government of India has no longer issued visas to missionaries and preachers to preach in the country. , there were also allegations that the Indian government was expelling even the preachers who were not there.
The Jngie, having become a Christian, no longer has to follow the traditional customs but demands a share in the customs.
Two UDP MDCs, Paul Lyngdoh and Teibor Pathaw, have left the UDP led by Teinwel Dkhar and supported the United Democratic Forum (UDF) led by Teinwel Dkhar. Report Kharkongor.
Thank you India.
Shillong, Naiwieng 14: Babita Nongbet has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 10th of this month, Denish Suting has poured water on her 9 year old son. Wanbok Nongbet, son of Babita, sustained injuries in the incident and was shifted to Ganesh Das Hospital for treatment.
This was stated by Edmund Khongswa, GS of KSU South Khasi Hills.
Speech was delivered by Bah Dibarlang Lyngdoh, Adviser of TMC Mawkyrwat Block, Dr. Fabian Lyngdoh. for the people which can also bring about change in this state and the country as a whole.
She added that we have to ensure that women should be able to participate in income generation opportunities, we hope to strengthen our income as women and to strengthen the family.
He said that on his part as MP, Vincent Pala and Agatha Sangma, have spoken in Parliament to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India. (Constitution), he also thanked the KAS for organizing this program to commemorate the poet Soso Tham.
The government's decision to change the Bonded Ware House is only for the benefit of a few liquor traders who are close to and benefit from the politicians who own and run this government. Not only that, but the BJP's issue of the electricity bill has also worried the MDA government. BJP has released that, pleng! The smuggling of cows to Bangladesh is also a crime and these politicians who are now in government are involved in until the price of cow meat has become too high in the domestic market.
“I don't think this implementation will affect because it doesn't mean that you will increase the number of candidates but I feel that the restoration of the constituencies should be implemented within 10 years. two months.
The Congress Party, which is in power in the JHADC, has lost its membership after the departure of these five members.
The program was organized by the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya at the SAI Football Ground at NEHU Campus, Shillong.
Basan Swer fled to the Hima Sohra while Basan Synrem fled to Shella and has never appeared in the affairs of the Hima (Giri, 2012).
On the other hand, the ECI has urged that the election campaign should be focused on the issues of jura and to avoid rude speech.
Shillong, Naitung 5: The KSU Rangthong Unit will hold a public meeting on the 9th of this month to protest against the government's decision to send doctors to Rangthong PHC.
Police and magistrates also came to prevent any riots.
The Government hopes that the Summit will lead to cooperation in the development of environmentally friendly technologies.
Your struggle has been delayed and you have lost your school.
“We have seen how the BJP government has destroyed the church in Chirang in the BTAB area of ​​the Assam Bhutam border area and this attack on Christian groups has increased in Assam and the country as a whole,” he said. Gogoi said the NPP, BJP and other parties in the MDA government have been involved in corruption since the collapse of the Dome of the new Legislative Assembly. COVID-19, corruption in the Saubhagya scheme and others and all these political parties that are involved with the MDA government are involved in corruption.
From time to time, we see that if there is any minor incident, it is the responsibility to destroy our own heritage,” she said.
“We have agreed to work hard to ensure the victory of our candidate,” said the party leaders who said that the people of the constituency are determined to give their full support to the party.
Four cows have died after being tied up in Lumshken village, East Jaintia Hills District. The incident happened at about 3.00 pm on Friday.
In the UDP, there are many Committees that have many opinions.
The program was organized at Raj Bhavan Shillong in collaboration with the Department of Arts and Culture, Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) Shillong.
He said that this is a bias by the government, as the shops inside the village have been closed down and even to go outside is not allowed.
The farmers of Nongkhlieh area who have been affected by this disaster include Bamkhoosngi, Lumshyrngan, Lumthari, Lumthymme, Shnongrim, Tongseng and other neighboring villages; They said that if they have the opportunity to buy cow seeds, it is enough to raise cows from the time of harvest until the father falls to the ground to eat cows or other crops.
And they said unto them, Why loose ye the colt? They answered, "The Lord needs him.
So the death toll will continue.
It is a shattering of the hopes of billions of women.
While Sabahmuswang SC came last with only 10 points, they have lost four of their five matches and drawn once.
“You don't know that the BJP is a party.
Sangma said the HNLC should stop its violent activities and talk to the state government in accordance with the provisions of the Constitution of India. different ways to start peace talks.
' I don't know why it happened.
Only in this way can we revive our country and nation.
Also present on the occasion were the Chairman of the Board of Assembly Institute of Music, Rev.S.Lakiang, Director TBn.
When the royal banquet failed, God chose Esther to be the king's wife.
However, in Khasi-Jaintia, until now, no one has cultivated shisha, but Khasi-Jaintia is probably the country where sha grows first, because we see that the tree grows in the forest. the btap since before the world knew about him.
A PIL is pending in the High Court of Meghalaya on the same issue.
In the 50m backstroke, Mangkyrpang Lyngdoh, Mankhrawname Nongsiej and Marvelous Marngar won.
E.F.Gatphoh (MPHF), Rtn.
He said that he is proud to celebrate this festival because it shows our culture without following anyone.
Ardent said the state government is the one who makes those laws and policies and not the court.
Those who don't have friends have to help each other when the world is like this. When it's not a long day, they don't have to fill their houses.
The Minister said that for this salary increase, the government will have to spend an additional Rs 929 crore.
Nongpoh, July 25: The Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh has re-elected the Rangbah Shnong, Secretary Shnong and Rangbah Dong and for the purpose of confirming these Village Leaders, the Sirdar of Nongpoh Elaka The Sirdarship today came to award the new Rangbah Shnong with a sponge and a certificate confirming that he has become the full Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh.
These bombs were kept in a secret place and will explode in the morning.
“Teachers have lost their salaries for months, what will happen if we lose our salaries even for six months?” he said. “It's a good idea to march with the teachers,” he said.
This is the first time that Meghalaya has been able to host the programme, and next year, another state from the North East will host the programme. It is aimed at showcasing the richness of the traditional customs and traditions of the North East to other states in India.
Shillong, Naitung 02 : The Khasi Pnar people are now in great danger due to the lack of leaders or the lack of skilled leaders to speak and advocate in the Legislative Assembly as in the past decades, said the Khasi Pnar people. UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh at the introduction of Dr. Aman War as the UDP Shillong North Constituency candidate.
Thou shalt come up against my people Israel.
He said that as of now, the UDP ticket has not been announced in Umsning Constituency, and the ticket is up to the people to decide and elect the candidate. and the wish of the people of Umsning because the ticket belongs to the people and the decision will be taken by the State Election Committee of the party.
The residents of all the border areas are urged to submit their land holding pattas to the JHADC as proposed for registration.
All these show that the government has not done anything to punish the robbers who attack the Khasi, but the Khasi are being hunted like those robbers who have been defeated almost all over the world.
The impact will be not only on the village but also along the route of the river.
The bib numbers will be distributed by the office of the KJP Synod West at Mission Compound near KJP Girls Higher Secondary School on the 10th and 11th July from 11 AM to 5 PM. You can also visit the website www.afsdi.com or phone the Director SELD- +918787545266, +91 8974026462 & 9856985092, +9
These ethnic groups were recognized by the North Eastern Areas (Re-Organization) Act, 1971 which was introduced in December 1971 during the tenure of Prof. GGSwell as MP to the Lok Sabha.
Now that her health has improved, she regularly visits the sub center to inform through teleconsultation to consult doctors.
Dr NN Dutta, Founder and Chancellor of Assam Downtown University, Manas Choudhary, former Editor of Shillong Times, was also awarded the Honorary Doctor of Science (D.Sc) on the occasion. Former Minister of Education, Meghalaya was awarded the Honorary Doctor of Literature (D.Litt) by the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik.
The figure shows that the US has surpassed China and Italy in the number of cases.
When inquired from the NPP office bearers, they said that no one has come forward to apply for MDC ticket from the NPP in Mawhati after the NPP candidate was defeated in the MLA elections. depth.
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlyndep, Bah Jinu Kharbuki and the President of Kiew Shaphrang Village Organization, said that all the garbage that flows into the Umiam Dam comes from the Wah. Umkhrah and Wah Umshyrpi, and these garbage stays behind the pond which causes trouble even to see although it is a beautiful tourist attraction which many of the people of the state and even abroad like to visit. Spend time in these places to enjoy the beauty of nature and the place.
He also said that the people inside it would never die again, who had put on youth forever and would never grow old again, and who had been cleansed by the precious blood of Christ as a My Lord and King.
He was the longest-serving Pope as Holy Father of the Roman Catholic Church for 12 years and 125 days.
Dulong beat Lutituber Ialong 1-0 in the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
The Lyngwiar Thohdur will start from 27th September, 2021 to 14th October, 2021 in two parts with the participation of young artists from the states of the North Eastern Region of India.
The SMSES this year has taken the initiative to check the age of the children in collaboration with the AIFF in order to curb this age discrimination and also to bring about a cleanliness in the run this lympung.
More than 1,000 protesters have been arrested for their involvement in the attack on the Speaker's office. that he had lost the election that had just been held at that time.
At this meeting, it was understood that the final decision on the holding of the SPL 2023 will be taken on the 9th of this Saturday.
He said that self-injection is very important for those who walk and stand for their own safety.
He said that the Sky Scanner team from the United Kingdom has declared Meghalaya on the world map as a tourist destination because the state has two-storey bridges.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (CEC) led by Education Secretary Roy Kupar Synrem and Samla Rhembor Saibon, Assistant General Secretary, on Tuesday met with the Chairman of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRU) at his office in Shillong. to protest against the appointment of foreigners in various positions in the Bank.
All bonded warehouses, IMFL shops, bars, hotels, clubs, canteens and out still shall remain closed on the said date.
Malki will play against Sawmer on the first day.
The JSU and KSU Iooksi Unit have requested the law enforcement authorities to impose severe punishment on this child.
All these things, Bah Rana has found and seen that since ancient times, when the nation was still holding on to the right of the word, but the raibi of the silver coin , it began to work with great force, until there arose traitors to their own country and nation.
The move to legalize gambling came after a meeting between the Revenue Minister, James K. Sangma and officials of the UK India Business Council (UKIBC), where it was found that Meghalaya is a the best state to conduct sports activities.
Nongpoh, Nailur 26 : The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District together with the KSU, HNYF and FKJGP under the banner of the JAC to oppose power franchisee in Ri Bhoi District today met with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. Prestone Tynsongban, Minister of State for Home Affairs, has opposed the government's decision to hand over the MeECL Umsning Division to private companies.
Shillong, November 22: BJP State President Ernest Mawrie on Friday strongly condemned Trimamool Congress Leader Kirti Azad for insulting Prime Minister Narendra Modi. who wore Khasi dress during a rally in Shillong on Sunday.
The book U Raikut Revised Edition written by Prof Streamlet Dkhar and Lilting Melody written by M Laloo were released.
KSU SWKH President Samla Forwardman Nongrem said that the KSU SWKH demands that if possible, it should be handed over to MeECL and if it is to be taken over by other companies, the first thing is that the MeECL should be handed over to MeECL. The benefits will be to the people of the State and to provide employment and distribution of electricity.
The clashes continued and then the shooting by the Assam police, which happened at 4.50 pm.
“To remove congestion from this city, it would have been better for them to operate Odd/Even private vehicles rather than commercial vehicles as this could affect their daily income" This was stated by KHNAM Vice President Thomas Passah.
He said that the government should take over the Aradonga PHC which has been handed over to the NGO to run, because the people who are sick, do not trust the doctors that the NGO has put in the hospital. here is the Hospital.
Those who attended the funeral service included Kennedy Khyriem, MLA Mawphlang, MDC Lamphrang Blah, SK Sun-Chief Engineer PHE, Pynshai Manik. Syiem, Skor Jala and others including a police team from Mawngap Outpost.
Bah Sanbor said he hopes to win again this time because he has worked with the people and they still have trust and love under his leadership.
According to information received by this writer on Monday, it was reported that the liquor shops are still selling openly including restaurants.
These should be prepared immediately because while we are still suffering from soh u pai, we don't know what will happen when the Lyiur comes unless we prepare from now on to help ourselves.
I am not talking, but I will work harder,” said Conrad while speaking at a meeting of the National People's Youth Front held recently in the city.
From the signs, it shows that the government is treating the farmers badly where the assistance is not adequate and is only a threat to cover.
Many other organizations, including the DC, DSP, police and officials of Star Cement, took part in the rally. The people have protested against the proposal of Star Cement.
“After I became an MLA again, I worked from within like a submarine to do something about this area and I talked to the Deputy Commissioner and sent an inspection to this area.
Speaking to reporters, the Convenor of the committee, Bah HM Shangpliang, said that the committee has already met twice to discuss the Roster System.
Two persons, a 22-year-old woman from Upper Chanmari, Tura and a 38-year-old woman from Simkalanggre, Alagre Community Health, have been confirmed positive. Blood samples were taken from them on 30th and 31st June and the results were confirmed on Tuesday.
A meeting chaired by the Chief Electoral Officer – V Shashank Shekhar was held at his office in Kohima on Tuesday to review all the cases filed in the election office. the time of the election.
Replying to a question by the VPP MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the matter for taking this decision is currently under thorough consideration. government.
Everyone believes that it is the will of God.
St. Alfred Secondary School has won the title out of 30 schools which participated in the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2024 of DSO Ribhoi which ended on the 11th of this month. this month.
Shillong, November 27: The Union Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Anupriya Patel, will visit the Civil Hospital, Shillong and the Regional Blood Bank at Lawmali tomorrow.
He said that the closure of this road will continue until it is resolved, which means that it will continue to prevent traffic until the matter is reached.
All the Waheh Shnongs expressed their gratitude to the MDC of the area who has seen the problems of the people of the area.
The NGO has been able to do this in collaboration with the Um Kyntoit Kemrang Dorbar led by its Chairman Intai Khongji and Secretary Shaniah Riahtam. They donated money to carry out this project.
Philomena Kharakor, former Principal of St. Mary's College, Shillong, said, “In the ability of the poet to throw his head into the field of translation, he is not inferior to the famous Khasi translators. the former".
With the closing of registration on 14th June, the tournament will have three categories: Men's Singles, Men's Doubles, and Veteran Doubles (age 40 and above).
Besides the speeches, it was also decided to hold a special competition for the students, a poster exhibition.
Sanbor Shullai, MLA South Shillong, on Tuesday said that Congress leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh's statement that he does not speak and does not attend the dorbar is wrong and unfounded. Sanbor urged Ronnie to look at the proceedings in the House before speaking.
Lajong led by Bobby L.Nongbet scored the second goal after half an hour through Takuto Miki in the 34th minute to make it 2-1 in the first half.
The raids continued in several places in Karnataka, while in Maharashtra, the raids were conducted in Pune, Thane Rural, Thane and Mira Bhayandar. .
Transportation of food and beverages Writers and journalists Farmers and MGNREGA work in rural areas All those on duty COVID-1
He said that tomorrow 13th July 2023, the family will pay tribute to Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew by laying flowers at the cemetery. going to put flowers.
It has been in place in the years since 1979-80-81 to 1990-91-92 but the state governments that have ruled the state even in those years have not worked. He said that if the ILP is implemented, it will hinder the arrival of tourists in the state.
Earlier, one of the senior Congress leaders from Mawkyrwat, Bah Stolin Dkhar, left the party.
On this occasion, the Kur will also honor the students of the Kur who have passed SSLC and HSSLC with 75% or above as well as various grades.
Also present on the occasion were the Co-Chairman of the Mawkhar Sports Club, Bah John F. Kharshiing and other dignitaries.
Lanosha called from the road before entering the ground floor of Kongthei's house.
The No Entry will be in force from 7 Mer to Umshypi Bridge/Rilbong Point, from Khlieh, Iew Road/Murgi Bazaar Road to Upper Shillong and Anjalee Petrol Pump – Civil Hospital Point, IGP Point – Kachari Point – Raj Bhavan, from Mahavir Park to Umshyrpi and Anjalee Petrol Pump, from Police Bazar to Kachari Point – Raj Bhavan, from CS to Raj Bhawan.
Those who need shyiap can go to the river using khoh ki mohkhiew to carry it home to make the necessities as in the past.
The Executive Engineer (EE) Ransom Sutnga should take responsibility as he is in charge of the construction of the Assembly.
“Our meeting will be held on 22nd June to decide on the candidate for the MP election to be held on 16th June,” he said.
Therefore, it is their duty for their party to mislead the people.
Three of them have been banned from voting, they informed the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang.
The selling price for Fair Price Shops (FPS) Centers within 5KM of the Wholesale Oil Center within Sonapur Oil Agency will be fixed by a committee to review.
To plant oilseed trees requires cleaning and destruction of forests.
It is learned that many people, who are in their homes, in hospitals, have rushed outside, for fear of being trapped in the collapse of the house.
It is true that most of the time the ruling party will be defeated in the elections but this is what happens not only in the state but in the country and even in the world.
“Instead of listening to what we have to say and thinking carefully why we came out to oppose and explain the decision to elect non-Congress candidates, the High Command has acted disbelievingly. “It's a showcase,” said the Youth Congress leaders.
In Kamrup district, two cases were reported and the same case in Golaghat district.
At the same time, he said that the construction of the oxygen generation plant at the hospital has progressed rapidly and it will be completed within five days.
Therefore, the union urges the education department of the government to allocate funds for the repair of the old school building of the school.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 13: The Rambrai area still needs a lot of development works in education, roads, health and others.
Referring to the last ceremony of Behdeiñkhlam this year, from the morning there was a Bam Tyngkong at Langdoh's house, a Loompyrdi at Langdoh's house, a Sympat at Langdoh's house, while in the afternoon there was a Bam Tyngkong at Langdoh's house. The main ceremony was attended by thousands of spectators from all over Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Mission Compound Road- ïongpiah Dulong Road (Kdohhati).
The earthquake was also reported in Nepal and Bangladesh.
On this occasion, u Wailadmiki announced that next year he will award a laptop/money to the students of Jowai Constituency who have scored in the top 20 in the SSLC. song and dance by the youth of Mihmyntdu.
On the other hand, Davisgoldfield said that the reason for the meeting with the DC was the confusion of the people of the area especially those from the villages about the Adhar number. u number 666 because they have not received any explanation about this Adhar.
“You have seen before that they have not reached Khanduli but now they have reached Khanduli.
Fortunately, no one was injured and no vehicle was hit by these heavy rocks, but an army truck, which was passing by, escaped and was hit on the head. The truck was hit by a stone.
Your father, although he is no longer alive, I believe that he is happy to see this,” said the mother. I'm sure we won't be like that,” said the daughter.
Why do you find that you are looking for work but you don't have Seng?5
On Saturday, there was a traffic jam at Rilbong Police Point and other places.
Our state has received some ethnic parties but the sad thing is that as ethnic groups we have not found a reason to establish them.
KHUBLEIIn the past there was a war between the Jaintia Syiems in which the winners took over and ruled and the losers left and fled.
“What we have been talking about since the beginning is for a safe path especially for the leaders of the party who will take part in this peace talks.
He urged them to reduce the use of plastic and to use paper bags or byrni bags for painting so that we can prevent pollution in the hills. .
She said that her daughter regularly sends money to her mother's account to help with the household needs and her daughter's work abroad is to provide for the family, because we are poor.
Therefore, if these Indian parties want to seize power from the BJP, they should show the people that they really have a coalition between them otherwise there is no point in fighting against Narendra Modi and his team. he.
As they went down slowly, the first village they reached was Khatdum, they stayed there for a while, as if to rest, and then they went down again twice.
Although we cannot attend due to legal restrictions to be present at this time, we send our heartfelt condolences to you all.
According to the notices, all those who have received these notices, from the Central Government Department, which collects revenue in relation to the income of those officials, have been directed to They should not leave the government department.
The meeting was conducted by the President Bah Bawallam K. Mawpat and was welcomed by the General Secretary Bah Hilchestone Marshillong. for the welfare of the workers of Sohra area and renewed the office bearers of the party for the year 2019-2
Mawkyrwat, June 01: The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, C.Kharkongngor, IAS, who was the chief guest today, opened a fish shop. , Fish Retail Outlet at Mawthawpdah Market, South West Khasi Hills District implemented under the Blue Revolution Scheme for the year 2018-' T.10/- lakh.
“The people of the State know that the BJP is a strong and stable party in the MDA-2 coalition Government and its presence in the Government empowers the MDA-2 to move forward with its issues. which are for the people and economic development as its agenda,” he said.
“We don't see any intention to expel or suspend them, but it is only for the sake of the party, that we have to take this decision, but we are happy if these four people come back to the party. the party,” said Pala.
There are also candidates and parties who have not only hired vehicles from the rural areas, but many have also hired vehicles from Shillong to transport people from all over the villages to the polling stations.
“We want to clarify that we are not fighting over the share or loss of income of our brothers and sisters in Majai but our visit is to clarify about the impact of the HNYM on our community,” he said. said.
Meanwhile, the construction of the roads for the casino is ongoing.
Shillong: The Thadlaskein Sports Association (TSA) on Tuesday requested for a stadium at Ummulong Mini Stadium, Wahiajer, Moodymmai. there are still tournaments and other reasons.
In the girls' category, St. Mary's Higher Secondary School, Rangblang beat JNV Mawkyrwat by 18 to 6 points.
The NSCN-IM member was arrested during a raid by the Assam Rifles.
It is sad to see that many of the young children of our country, especially the young women, are being abused, have children, are abandoned, are being humiliated, and are being abused. -ijot ei, this is not the fault of anyone but it may be the fault of one of us may be a man or a woman.
According to the source, a convoy of security forces was surrounded by militants in the area.
The PPM Sengkmie has taken seriously the RBYF 20Mer Circle's efforts to eradicate corruption, and the deception of some Rangbah Shnongs. the right of the people.
Therefore, through this public meeting, the people and especially the women, urged the state government to take action to improve the road, which has been deteriorating for dozens of years. year.
“We are not the rebel groups to enter the VC's office but we are the teachers who have the responsibility and therefore we are standing outside his office to talk.
Prestone said that these 41 persons were also found to have violated the health rules by leaving the testing centers and not being quarantined once they came from the country. Assam, but they also threw a small party at their residence.
Post Graduate 1st class.4.
He said this while talking to media in Shillong after a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
(a community that struggles, will survive).
Bah A Bina, Assistant Secretary of the Raid Nongtung Hima Dorbar, said that at this meeting, we have decided to hold the Shad Lakhompong which is the traditional dance of the Raid Nongtung. citizens of the decision we all took part in, which this dance began to revive since 2007.
This was raised by Mawkynrew MDC Bah Martle N Mukhim who raised the issue in the KHADC Legislative Assembly on Tuesday.
