From what we see as the public, it is that when the police speak, it is not allowed to respond and it is always to obey or to be punished or to be issued a slip of complaint and this is a very stupid act. However, because the police have to talk to the public, they have to look after the safety of the vehicles and if there are no people or no vehicles, there is no police. and if found to have spoken too much or acted rudely, the police shall not escape from defending his own rights and shall have to appeal to the authorities to investigate, but if he has done so everything shows that you don't have the law in your own hands.
You too have a responsibility for what kind of governance you want to see in our beloved State.
Banteidor recalled that before the MLA election 2018, he had raised the issue that if he wins, he will develop the constituency with various development projects.
After summarizing the discussions, the Rangbah Shnongs have decided to continue until their goal is achieved, said a statement from Bah RL Blah General Secretary.
Furthermore, Bah Nongtraw said that the Seng has been appealing from time to time through the media and to the ksiang and to the Government to urge them not to issue any summons. but no one listened and the situation became increasingly unfounded.
The Holding Capacity according to the number of residents.
Khliehriat Lber 26: The Wapung Shnong, Wapung Shnong and the Meghalaya People's United Front (MPU) have expressed their deep sorrow and strong opposition to the negligence of the Jowai Municipal. They are still within the boundary of Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District.
The Best March Past in the girls category was won by Nongrah Presbyterian School from Shillong Zone and in the men's category by Pyndengumiong Presbyterian School from Mairang Zone.
The District Transport Officer East Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the District Administration and the Police Department on 14th June concluded the celebration of National Road Safety Month 2024 at a meeting held at the parking lot opposite SBI Main. Branch, Shillong.
“According to the statement of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare in the House that the MOU signed between the government and the KPC has been cancelled, I don't understand that after 10 years the agreement has been signed. “I don't know how this will affect us because the company has already appealed to the court”.
Last month, North Korea attempted to launch a spy satellite but failed and Pyongyang has announced that it will soon try to launch another spy satellite. this work in March of this year.
The Union Minister of Road Transport and Highways, Nitin Gadkari, has announced during his election campaign in June that the completion of the Shillong-Dawki road will be completed by June next year but it seems that it will be difficult to complete at that time.
From Maligaon, he went to Rome to train and stayed at Testaccio Rome until 1st November,
It is expected that the hospital will start opening in March 2024 and then the MBBS classes in 2025,” said Hoque at a health consultation meeting at USTM. people who want to support for this project will also get many benefits.
Justice Katakey was appointed by the HC to follow up and advise the government on what it should do in accordance with the directives of the Supreme Court and the National Green Tribunal (NGT). auction of the coal that has been mined.
War, who is also the Chairman of Mawtap VEC, went upstairs and saw another lymbung of stones blocking the road between the road and blocking the vehicles coming from Mairang-Mawmaram.
The order issued on 23/05/2024 has announced to ban rallies, processions and other activities throughout the district without proper reasons. consultation with stakeholder groups has caused many people to be victimized without proper reasons.
According to the information I have received, it was reported that the residents have not yet refused to gather large numbers of people in the same place whether it is at a funeral or a party and so on.
The area of ​​34270.00 sq.mtr has been acquired by the Government for the construction of roads.
God gave the Ten Commandments to Moses.
She said that the fire broke out in the morning and the fire broke out very quickly because it was the time of the sky. inside the house.
More than 10.86 lakh people have benefited under the Pradhan Minister Jeevan Jyoti Bima Yojana (PMJJBY), through life insurance.
India beat the UAE 3-0 in the AFC U-23 Asian Cup 2024 qualifiers to end their second defeat on Tuesday at the Dalian Suoyuwan Stadium.
The HYC has urged the Rangbah Shnongs and the people to attend the rally to encourage the former CEM who has organized the strike for this issue and his colleagues that the government will implement it without delay. .
Speaking to media, Kitbok Thabah said that the Commissioner Secretary to the Arts and Culture Department has refused to recognize the organization even after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has refused to recognize the organization. directed the union leaders to meet with the officers of the department regarding their demands.
Speaking as one of the Raid leaders and Secretary of Paham Mardoloi, Bah Louis Syngkli urged the residents to leave the Kyiad shop, as it is a Kyiad shop. which has received permission from the government authorities and will not sell Kyiad in accordance with the rules of law, but not like those shops selling illegal Kyiad, which sell Kyiad illegally without time and which sell Kyiad to children.
Plantina Mujai, while explaining about the availability of different foods, whether in vegetables, meat and especially the 40 species of seafood, said that the different species of meat, They are obtained according to the seasons and the method of feeding also varies from one season to another.
It is not surprising that during the tenure of Ma Robinus Syngkon as MLA in 2013 , despite the short term of only 5 years , he was able to complete the Kureliya Bridge which has been delayed for decades .
This year too, the festival was held at the ground of New Nongstoiñ which started at 4 pm and ended at 5 pm.
In the sohra area tomorrow and tomorrow it will rain.
In another development , the Election Commission of India (ECI) has found that all the documents of Conrad Sangma and Dikanchi Shira who have registered to contest the election are complete and they can contest the election. this is the election.
The existence of the Laws which have been told by the Word shows that the Khasi believes in the Right of the Word.
Now we are not talking about contracts worth lakhs or tens of lakhs, but tens of billions and thousands of crores.
“Because of this change in the textbooks by the MBOSE, there has been opposition from the booksellers as it will cause a loss of lakhs of rupees,” said one of the booksellers.
The team led by coach Kong Ïaikyntiew Nongkynrih lost 1-2 goals to Jharkhand on Tuesday in Amritsar, Punjab and lost their chance to reach the final of the tournament. this is the lympung.
JOWAI: “No ILP No” has been written on the walls of the office of the Divisional Officer of the Soil and Water Conservation Office, Mihmyntdu, Jowai. Cabinet.
The fact is that women or mothers have more problems at home than men.
He said that when joining the KSU, the KSU has nothing to give, but the KSU encourages its members to serve the country and the nation.
However, to turn to other sources of income, such as tourism and others.
He said the main perpetrators of the attack were Pakistanis in Iran.
Reports said that besides the cold weather, there was also heavy rainfall in some parts of Dibrugarh, according to a statement issued by the ASDMA. The Dibrugarh District Administration has sent relief items to the families affected by the incident and reports said that a person from Chabua Revenue Circle has been seriously injured in the incident.
According to the annual data collection on the planting of tree seedlings, it was reported that the Government departments from the Department of Forest and Environment and the Department of Soil and Water Conservation, plant thousands of tree seedlings. .
Shillong: A question was raised in the Rajya Sabha today, 19th November 2022 on the distribution of electricity to the people of India, according to the states of the country.
At the same time, he wished and hoped that Bah PT Sawkmie will return as the Leader of Mawlai Constituency.
Speaking to media, Bah Kharjahrin said the meeting was held at Motphran after seeing that the rithor parties which have ruled the state for many years have not been able to achieve their goals. mat required in the state.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr.M.Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the Government of India should send Governors who know how to speak the language of the people. The state understands.
NHAI officials immediately after the inspection of the village authorities took immediate action to improve the road and filled the road with mawria in the right parts of the road to facilitate the traffic. the public.
The funeral service will be held on Thursday (29/04/2022) at 10 pm at Khnap Thangbru, Pohhali, Dulong, Jowai.
Employees of the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) on 26th June rescued a shrieh, which was hit by a car on the NH-6 in Umdihar village. we're afraid.
The idol immersion shall be followed by the removal of puja items such as flowers, leaves etc. and shall not be thrown into the river.
The HSPDP has taken this step after Bah Nongsiej and Bah Mawsor have remained silent without responding to the party even after the party has given them 40 days to respond with an apology. The party's power has already ended for a long time.
This is an explanation of the allegations from the Karbi that the Khanduli have burnt down the houses in the fields in the past few days.
He said that in these days especially one or two days before the start of the World Cup, there has been a complaint from the residents of the village because of the lack of electricity because they may not be able to watch the World Cup. On the day of the World Cup, the MLA of Sohra, Bah Titos Chyne, donated a generator to the residents of Sohra.
AIS SujaFrom the beginning, God has given man the power to rule, he has given the authority to man to rule over others and over all things.
John Marak, a resident of Baghmara constituency in South Garo Hills, has filed a petition in the High Court seeking the removal of Kartush's MLAship.
The Committee also urged the Central Government to send an inquiry into the recent IED blast at the Syndicate Bus Stand which has shocked the non-tribals living in Iewmawlong.
However, the people today, although they are educated and know better about the clean and dirty air, it is they themselves, especially those in power, who auction all these for profit.
Furthermore, with the guidance of these six arrested persons, the soap box containing the drugs was seized from a local taxi and the items were seized in the presence of witnesses.
He said that there have been many objections from many quarters on the Bill and the Governor should suspend it and allow the constituencies to remain the same in the upcoming MDC elections.
He said that when he won his first election in 1993, he said that there is a need to bring a Medical College in the state. I told them that the Quata doesn't make sense to send our children abroad, we shouldn't think only about the doctoral students. “But we should think about the sick people, the income benefits, look now at NEIGRHIMS not only Indians who come for treatment but abroad, our people here earn,” he said.
When asked how the VPP will suggest if 40-40 is not enough.
Even the French during their rule did not affect the judiciary but this government wants to abolish it,” he said.
After two years without a game, the players are eager to play and the fans are eager to come and witness the tournament.
“There have been several cases where we have found people who tried to register without verification in Garo Hills and we have removed them,” said the CEO. The Election Commission of Delhi (ECI) will visit Meghalaya at the end of this month to prepare for the elections in the state next year.
As householders or shopkeepers, we need to have a spirit of concern for the future of our children and the nation. that we may contribute to the future of the nation.
He said that various electricity departments have started working properly these days, except for the new NEEPCO departments, which are not working at all in Khondong and Kopili, which are still pending.
On the other hand, the candidates who are strong are still counting, why I don't have votes from that polling station and why.
On this occasion, the party has also called for talks with the government ministers but they have not arrived.
However, the government has not yet sent experts and researchers to explain to the farmers or to explain how to prevent the stem disease.
“Therefore, we are afraid that if the authorities are able to enter the State safely, one day they will deprive the people of their rights,” he said.
Meanwhile, Ribok Diengdoh, President of KSU South Khasi Hills, said that KSU members are not murderers and if forced they will not refuse to do anything.
We also urge the Government to take good care especially these Border Areas which are on the Bangladesh border and other borders, because according to the information gathered by the union there has been the exploitation of Bangladeshis to smuggling into our country.
Answering a question whether there is any suspicion of corruption in the implementation of this scheme, he said that no complaint has been received against anyone. If there is a complaint, he will look into it but at present there is no complaint against the implementation of the scheme.
Besides the Meghalaya Appropriation Bill, No.II, 2024, the House on the last day of the Budget Session passed other bills including the Meghalaya Civil Task Force Revealing Bill, and Budget Management (Amendment) Bill, 2024, Captain Williamson Sangma State University (Amendment) Bill, 2024, Contingency Fund of Meghalaya (Amendment) Bill, 2024 in addition to the Meghalaya State Investment Promotion and Facilitation Bill, 2024.
Sarabjeet Singh Khalsa (45), a resident of Phase 5 Mohali, has not yet visited Faridkot but has confirmed that many people from the Parliamentary constituency have forced him to contest the election.
The Vatican appointed Victor Lyngdoh, former Bishop of the Diocese of Jowai, as the new Archbishop in November last year.
Shillong, March 24: The Housing Department of the State Government has sent a proposal to the State Government to set up a Voluntary Retirement Scheme (VRS) for the voluntary retirement of 39 employees of the Housing Board. can no longer pay salary.
Muktars or Muktiars are considered not to have completed their legal studies, but to be people who help in the courts to explain to the judges, because the villagers cannot explain.
The injured were rushed to hospital.
According to her, residents who have completed the second dose of vaccination can give the booster dose after 6 months.
When asked, he said, “As soon as we heard that, we were shocked and as soon as we telephoned the garbage collectors it was a shame for us as a village.
The renewal of these 8 offices was held at Dorbar Hall Sajer, Nongpoh. The offices of the KSU under the Nongpoh Circle include Mawroh Unit, Umjari Unit, Mawdiangum Unit, Saiden Unit, Saiden Unit, Nongpoh Circle. Mawphrew Unit, Nartap Unit, Langpohdon Unit and Umsaw Nongkharai Unit.
Shillong, June 20 : The State Government today decided to cancel the Memorandum of Agreement (MoA) with the companies implementing the Kynshi Power Project due to the conflict with the land. for uranium.
Not only that, it is understood from the speech of the Engineers of NHIDCL, that they intend to dig these wells with longer wells; However, the District Officers have suggested to build bridges to prevent the pollution of the water wells. The Rangbah Shnong of Mawshun, Bah Finnan Khongdup, while talking to Rupang, said that the road is less than 3 kilometers long. The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has been in talks since 2017 with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills.
Shillong: West Khasi Hills District Cricket Association beat Tura District Cricket Association by 28 runs in the final of the U-19 Girls Cricket Tournament.
The Mawphlang PHE Workers Union (MPWU) today urged the Government to release the salaries of the Muster Roll and Work Charge Category employees working in the department.
Speaking on the occasion, Prof.Kma said that the JAC will investigate the issues related to the illegal activities of the VC in NEHU. “We are ready to release the VC's statement tomorrow, to show the public the facts according to the UGC Act. the law”, said Prof. Kma.
These flights will strengthen connectivity and encourage trade, commerce, and tourism through the availability of this facility of travel.
The KSU has demanded that the Prime Minister should immediately stop the mining of uranium in the state at Mawthabah-Kylleng Pyndem. to this purpose.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RL Nonglait Secretary of the Union, who is also the Headmaster of Nonglang Upper Primary School, said that the Union has been fighting hard to protect the river for seven years. and the fish that were in the river multiplied.
This incident has affected the vendors, the shopkeepers, the shopkeepers, and especially the farmers because they are facing difficulties, but the government has not yet done anything to help the farmers when they are facing difficulties. .
At the same time, the union urges the schools not to encourage the children to bring illegal birthday cards so that it can run smoothly.
The State Government will set up this center in Upper Shillong and will open it soon, said an officer of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary.
During the inspection, the union also talked to the management of L&T Ltd and gave the company within 10 days to provide all the documents of the employees. incomplete documentation should be completely removed.
It clearly stated that it planned to rank the country third in terms of global economic growth.
Every day, tens of tonnes of garbage comes out of Jowai, from the households and market places.
Taxi drivers under the umbrella of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association (EKHLTWA) have been shocked after the media published a news and a picture of the faces of those who sent them. The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills on Saturday turned to Shillong Sadar Police Station to demand that the police should show the photographs of the four foreigners who have been arrested.
Joint Registrar R.Kharmujai said that during the visit of Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma on 24th July 2016, he urged the residents to maintain the site. He said that the Co-Oerative Society and the village should work together to attract more tourists.
Deepika, who has acted with SRK in Om Shanti Om and other films, is happy to see SRK's peace of mind again in these times and says that all this is because of the love he gets from the crowd.
This Act does not cover: (i) Government Vehicles, (ii) Police, Security and Armed Forces, (iii) Fire and Emergency Services, (iv) Telecommunication Services, (v) MePDCL, (vi) Banks & Post office (vii) Information and Public Relations, (viii) PHE (Water Supply), (ix) Health services including emergency services, medical teams and officials of COVID (x) Officers and employees of the Corona Care Centre, (xi) Vehicles carrying essential goods, (xii) Vehicles supplying medicines and pharmaceuticals, (xiii) Aadhaar Enrollment sessions bad programmes, (xiv) Fair Price Shops bad LPG, (xv) Petrol pumps, (xvii) Medical emergencies, (xviii) Public Works Department (PWD), (xvi) Print & Electronic Media, (xix) MGNREGA bad (xx) Veterinary services including transportation of food for farmers' livestock; (xxi) NHIDCL Ltd.
Speaking to media after the inspection, the CEM said, “When allocating, there should be rules.
Bah Kanasing, who was announced as a candidate, said that in the past two decades he has worked voluntarily to serve the people and the leaders of political parties and now the time has come for him to He should contest the election so that he can serve better the people in the constituency as a whole.
Khliehriat, July 19: The increase in violence and crime in the Briwar area has caused panic among the residents of those areas and also the coal miners in the area. This place is located in Saipung Block.
You can also watch movies at Payal Cinema, Bijou Cinema and Galeria Gold Cinema at 11 am.
The one who made these things is God.
Don't be afraid, it's your face.
The championship was organized by the MBA in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and with the support of the Department of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya.
He said that once the preparations for the elections are well underway, there will be accusations that it is family politics because the sister of Dr. Jasmine Lyngdoh, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, is also the leader. .
I have met him most often in the past few years, when I was in the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), before the 2008 elections. In preparation for the 2008 elections, which is also the year in which Sangma is preparing to take over the post of Chief Minister of the State.
For more information on the rules for this scheme and on the application forms, those interested can visit the website of the NHRC, www.nhrc.
He said that the KSU has already sent a petition to the DC of Ri Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey, regarding this protest. Bah PS Kharkongor, who headed the Committee, headed the Committee and at the same time decided to suspend the implementation of Aadhar number and NPR. “I am surprised that the District authorities have now decided to implement this decision by forgetting the decision taken by the Committee,” said Bah Kharkamni.
The number of beneficiaries of this health center has reached 452 from four villages including Mawkma, Laitlyndop.
Many people fall into the magic of the year only in the day before voting.
Shillong, July 24: The water level in Um iam today was 3167.72 feet and it is still lower than it should be.
So it is my duty to take responsibility for their needs,” he said.
This is the sign of the end.
Therefore, every day they lived together like this, they didn't hate each other, they didn't hate each other, they didn't hate anything.
On the other hand, the Head of Government said that the construction of the house has been constructed in such a way that the waste from the slaughterhouse will not flow into the rivers.
Finally, the union urges the government and the HLC to expedite the removal of these kharmetor from the area in order to restore not only peace and order, but also the cleanliness and hygiene. Donald V. Thabah, General Secretary, Khasi Students' Union (KSU) said in a statement.
Pomshutia CC, Lumpaia Avengers CC managed to score 58 runs for the loss of five wickets in 11.5 overs.
CHAPTER – 8 PHANU phan is the most important crop in Khasi Jaintia; therefore I will begin with this plant.
The memorandum states that any office when there are vacancies, should issue a notice but this is not true,” said Skhemborlang Pyngrope, Secretary of the office. of the Association of Qualified Grade IV candidates 2011.
Terrible casualties on both sides.
The U-17 girls and U-14 boys teams of Little Star English Medium School and the U-17 boys team of Mairang Presbyterian Higher Secondary School won the trophy. The winner of the 2nd Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023 organized by the District Sports Officer, Nongstoin.
“We have also taken measures to establish a State University, which we will soon receive the approval of the Governor of Meghalaya,” he said.
This old man is seen nearer than we are.
Acknowledging that it would be a heavy task to do this for all entry-level posts in all Government Offices, including Government departments implementing the Reservation Policy, the court said that This work shall be done within two days of the issuance of this order.
In the photo, Bethany is shown standing in a field, which is also her fish farm, and she sees the fish covered with her neck and writes on the photo, “This is it. which is dangerous, don't ever try to act like this, without understanding better".
He said that some of those who came to testify against him were forced and threatened in matters related to the road which is the source of income for many of them. it happened like this.
Speaking to media on 27th November, the Chief Minister said that the Government will ensure that it will strengthen its vigilance to prevent any incident or attempt to commit terrorist acts. .
In East Khasi Hills District, some parts of the country have been affected by the heavy rainfall since Tuesday. The Wahumkhrah River has been affected by the floods.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 92 cases, of which 24 are from outside the state and 30 are high risk contacts.
The khaw eh rngiew was distributed to the public at this place where the people who came from all over the country could buy it.
“All the preparations have been completed, we are sure that the election will go smoothly,” said the DGP while talking to reporters at the conference room at the Secretariat.
“In India, the Congress, which has been in power for decades, has won only 44 out of 543 MPs,” he said.
Although it is not clear from which month India will surpass China in population, a report by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) released on Tuesday shows that this year, India will surpass China in population. China has a population of about 3 million.
He also informed about the work that the Self-Help Groups have contributed to the society and through them they have brought many benefits and changes from cleanliness and others.
“However, our people who don't know about this law have resigned. We see a brave man, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM of KHADC, who hasn't moved yet. “We see that the Supreme Court has started to overturn the decisions of the High Court, we should confirm Bah Pynshngaiñ as CEM of KHADC,” said Bah HS Shylla.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : The All Women's Selection Committee of the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has selected 15 players to represent the state in the U-19 Women's One Day Trophy to be held by the BCCI in November
If this is the case, it is up to the Diwon Hand Loom Cotton Khadi and Village Industrial Cooperative Society together with the MVTPDSC to collect information on all the original dates and write them in the booklets so that the Guides of these Traveller's Nest They will get jobs not only from home but also from them because you know that the Dohlieh who have lost their identity are willing to know the identity of others especially us Khasi who give birth to women.
It has been a great loss to the family, because the damage caused by the people in this area, is that they have cut down the sying, until it is no longer suitable for planting. enough for his needs to grow up in the area, she claimed.
Police said they are conducting a heavy search operation to arrest the robbers involved in the kidnapping of the Manager of the bank. “They are from Garobadha-Rangsakona,” said SP Mukesh Singh.
The KJDSTA has organized this song competition as part of the celebration of the 35th Anniversary of the KJDSTA.
The ceremony will end on the 27th at 2 pm with the ceremony of Pynshad Dolloi and Pynnguh Dolloi.
On the Education Policy, he said, “LP Schools are still under the jurisdiction of the District Council but unfortunately the EC has not gone to give its opinion on this issue”.
In 2011 there were 37 cases, in 2012 there were 24 cases, in 2013 there were 33 cases and until November 2014 there were only 8 cases.
All District Transport Officers of the Districts have been directed to comply with this announcement and Taxis and Auto Rickshaws operating during these two days have to ensure that passengers do not sit nearby. to sit farther away from each other.
Nowadays, social media is full of news around the country that comes only from the differences in 'Tien i mei.
I as the Waheh Shnong Umkiang, I don't know about this and I am very sorry about this.
Although she didn't understand, she thought it was because of the reason why she had been raped that night by her mother.
Shillong, July 24: The second Khasi teaching session of the Khasi Learning Center (SBUK) will start from 4th June. Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will be present to bless the school on that date at Shillong Law College at 5 pm.
There have been many kinds of knowledge in their own fields of knowledge which no one has understood to value what is right and what is wrong.
One is that many of us today want peace.
On the same day, the MLA also distributed relief goods to schools, villages and the North East India Mission Association (NEIMA) at his office in Mawlai Nongpdeng.
He said that this is the decision of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya, who have spoken to maintain the status quo in which they should not ban development works coming from Assam or Meghalaya. since it has not yet been decided which land belongs to which state.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 13: The KSU Mawshynrut Circle through the Organizing Committee led by Samla Anselm Ryntong, in collaboration with the Assistant Organizing Secretary, Samla Korbar Myrthong and members, has arrested four bars. The state has decided to open a government post office.
The stories of the resurrection of William Tyndale.
These handbooks must be clearly displayed in all commercial vehicles, the statement said.
Through this news, the Council invites and invites all the public leaders including MPs, MLAs and MDCs of Bri Hynniewtrep if they have a real responsibility for the Khasi language to join us in this march. 175th Anniversary of the Khasi Alphabet.
Four days later they came and offered me money but I refused to give NOC.” “We the people living on the border are in fear that these Naga people have come. to threaten us that they will take our lives if we don't give our lands to them and on my part when I went to talk to them,they told me not to say anything that We have already donated Rs 5 lakh to the Deputy Syiem of Marwet Hima, Bah Biko Syiem and Robert Sangma.
Binora Dohtdong, 25, used to work as a domestic worker in 2013 in neighboring villages. However, she said she had gone far away to support herself and her 9-year-old daughter. “She used to come home once in a while and tell us that she works in Lad Rymbai,” said her sister Airilda Dohtdong.
In a statement, NESO Chairman Samuel B Jyrwa said that the Union has declared the 11th November as a Black Day for the entire North East.
Therefore, let us turn to God and not to the false teachings of this world.
During the investigation, Ri-Bhoi Police have seized two mobile phones, one tyrnem, one knife used for robbery on the road. shu stole and handed it over to the owner.
The missing person was identified as Nizagiri Syiemlieh, 19, 5 feet tall and wearing blue and stem dresses, blouses and patluns.
One of the drivers, Bah Cyros Diengdoh, Finance Secretary, who didn't think anything of the drivers, held a Bible in his hand to talk about the birth of the auto driver. Jesus Christ in Shyngoid and he compared this dirty, dirty shyngoid that gave birth to Jesus to be exactly like the human heart, dirty and dirty, but in such a place Jesus he wanted to settle down and in such a place he was born.
Therefore, for the time being, the court has ordered the state government to accept the application documents of the petitioner so that she can participate in the effort to get the post of teacher.
Nongpoh, 06 Naitung: Two trucks carrying timber were seized by the Forest Department in Nongpoh (T) today at 8 pm. They were arrested while they were still in Mairang with the intention of smuggling them to Assam.
“Those villages who want to go to Assam are Rabha and follow Hindu religion and I feel they are more comfortable in Assam and don't vote anymore in Meghalaya,” said the NPP MDC from Rambrai.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Kong Wanri said that if the government helps to build halls and film cinemas, it will become a job opportunity for the youth. because the producers will be able to pay higher prices to the actors and actresses and to all the actors.
In another match of the U-23 Col CK Nayudu Trophy plate group against Uttarakhand, Meghalaya scored 27/2 to beat Uttarakhand by 220 runs in Dehradun.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar 11: The District Mission Coordinator, Samagra Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) in collaboration with ALIMCO RMC Guwahati Conduct today distributed relief items to the needy children. Special Assistance to Children with Special Needs (CwSNs) in Mawkyrwat and Ranikor Block by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs. drinking water of the State Government was as the chief.
The truck was also reported to have collapsed after the incident.
The Seng will meet with the DC on this issue,” said Wantei.
:Regarding the declaration of Byrnihat as the most polluted village in Meghalaya, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that he has directed the Chief Secretary to take action on this issue. Government of Assam.
Tirot Singh's Day was also celebrated in Mairang and Nongkhlaw which was the headquarters of Tirot Singh during the war against the British.
According to sources, a group of six unidentified persons suddenly attacked the contractors who were building a house at Mawlai Mawroh in Umsohkhlur Block-3
How do you know when you are right?1
The daju and the motorcycles have become owned and destroyed. The traffic jam, the suffering of the passengers have become unknown.
“We want the government to give us land and we are ready to leave this place, but it is the government itself that has not given us land and like the Municipal quarters they are building for the accommodation of the workers. municipal, but they didn't pay,” he added.
The KSU has expressed its regret and urged the Infiltration Department to fight against the illegal entry and exit of foreigners into the area.
On the desire of Bah HM Shangpliang, who is also the spokesperson of the BJP, to join the NPP, Bah Mawrie said he had no knowledge of the matter as there had been no discussion and he had only seen it. this is through the media.
He said that to get permission to mine shyiap, you need to get permission from the State Environment Assessment Committee headed by the Director.
The Syiem of Mawdon Hima, who is also the Secretary of the Union of Chiefs of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah H Skhemlon, was the chief guest on the occasion. baduk Tam and who also gave a speech of encouragement to the committee to continue its service to such families who will be a true blessing before man and before God.
You don't need to enter.
This struggle has been going on for thousands of years.
“Speeches were also delivered by Bah Homer Kharkongor, President UDP Mawlai Circle, Principal of Christ Church HSS, Kong I Nengnong and others.
Speaking to the group as his family, Myntri Rangbah Duh said that such special occasions remain in the minds of the country.
The union wishes them to work hard and diligently in their examinations, to achieve the fruits of victory even in the midst of the pandemic of Covid
“It will be the duty of the government to direct the minister to resign, to bring confidence to the people,” said National Executive Member EK Sangma. “It is better for the Congress to order the Minister (Ampareen) to step down,” he said.
Shillong: The 10-vehicle road from Dhankheti-Don Bosco-Laitumkhrah Police Point-Fire Brigade, which was suspended during the rainy holidays, will resume operation from the 18th. June 2019, from 7.30 pm to 9 pm.
Prestone Tynsong, Head of Home Affairs, on Tuesday informed the Legislative Assembly that police are conducting an investigation into the abduction of a youth in Khyndai. Lad and police are conducting a thorough search for the woman who is allegedly involved in this case.
Along with the policies to employ the youth, it is also necessary for the government to create assistance opportunities for the youth through various government schemes, especially for those youth who do not need employment. it is an opportunity for them to stand on their own feet.
The march was accompanied by Magistrates and Police to ensure that the march from Motphran to Khyndailad will not have any tragic incident and the march was completed according to the directives of the district authorities.
It was on this day that Phan Nonglait escaped from imprisonment and launched three more protests against women or the Women Resistance on the 4th and after that two more in June. , one in Mairang and one in Nongkhlaw.
Adelbert said that the political statisticians who used to calculate who will win the elections, have put him in the fourth or basan position and not that he will be the winner from that constituency, but This victory of his is due to the possession of powerful weapons which has been able to deceive many.
The temperature in the morning is 90 degrees in the morning and 82 degrees in the evening.
The more powers of the law, the more difficult it is for some exploiters to cheat or avoid the process of changing their names and surnames by affidavit.
In the recent senior tournament in the state, I injured my knee again.
That is why the children of Israel were afraid and terrified when God spoke because God is righteous and great.
“This new arrangement is in accordance with a letter received from the Department of Expenditure of the Ministry of Finance of the Government of India which allows us to increase the withdrawal by 5% to improve the performance of the electricity supply department,” he said.
KHNAM, therefore, demands that the KHADC should not issue a QUIT NOTICE to all the foreigners who are illegally trading. “If the Council does not do anything on this issue, we will have to take action on our own,” said Thomas Passah, President KHNAM, State Youth Wing.
Speeches were also delivered by Sub Divisional Agriculture Officer Bah C. Najiar, W. Kyndait from IVCS and Rosely Kasar, Member of Producer Group.
In a report posted on the ECI website, the TMC admitted that out of the Rs 545.74 crore revenue in 2021-22, Rs 528.14 crore out of Rs 545.74 crore was earned by the party through electoral bonds.
According to a statement released by one of the Grand Slams of the French Open, this year's tournament is preparing for a prize money increase of 49.6 million euros ($54.6 million); that is, by 12.3% of
In an unprecedented incident in the Rajya Sabha MP elections, the BJP candidate from Himachal Pradesh has won against the Congress candidate by a landslide. vote'.
If this is the case, who will be blamed?
In 2020, when we hear about the spread of this disease, it is true that many of us feel that this disease is painful and we are stingy to think for ourselves but after 3 months we have understood. the work and suffering of this disease.
The President of CSWO said that the party will fight because it respects the law. She said that what the government has said about the losses of water according to the CAG report against them, it also wants to. The complaint was lodged by Bah B Khongwir, Political Department Under Secretary, who said that the government has lost T.31.09 crore. tyngka in the protests of the Sengbhalang which have held village blockades, road blockades and others.
If it is in this form, the food they eat during the holy age is originally without the use of medicines but is better and great medicines for human health.
KCR has been in the process of meeting with the Chief Ministers of Maharashtra, Uddhav Thackeray, as he aims to unite the Chief Ministers of Maharashtra. The Congress and the BJP will contest in the 2024 elections.
The meeting was attended by KSU South West and West Khasi Hills, HYC and LYWA leaders. The CEM convened the meeting after the state government sought permission from the District Council. The two lane road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah has been suspended and the project will be from Nongstoin to Ranikor.
Shillong, March 9: On the 5th of this month at 12:30 pm, the Khar Assam have attacked the Khasi without any reason.
Democracy is a spirit of inclusion.
Shillong, November 1: The Artificial Limbs Manufacturing Corporation of India (RECL) will hold a two-day Assessment Camp for the disabled under the RECL project. for the Differently Abled" in collaboration with the Meghalaya Parents Association, Shillong.
The PDF has also been seen to be in conflict with the NPP over the issue of fertilizers which has also caused a heavy fighting especially in Mawkynrew, Nongkrem.
Speaking to media, Bah Samlin Malngiang said that the Sur of Mawlai has demanded that if there is an investigation into the incident or the suspension of those involved in the rape of Bah Che. must go together.
BEAUTIFUL YOUNG CHILDREN OF GOD, RECEIVE TEACHING AND COUNSELING: 1 Peter 5:5
Regarding the petition demanding the cancellation of the old tender and the conduct of an inquiry, the state government has requested the High Court to allow the cancellation and rejection of the tender. can be made new.
On the strong opposition of the unions to the railway project, Bah Pala said, “I don't think this will be the way for foreigners to smuggle in. which is true because these people will come by truck, by bus.
The tanker truck (ASO1 FC 9424) has hit the child and she died on the spot.
Hazarika also expressed hope that the long pending issue of the border can be resolved in a short period of time through cooperation.
Those who attended the meeting included Dr. R. Manigandan, Senior Consultant, Dept.
The answer received from the supply is surprising and shocking because tens of thousands of people have been harvested only three kilos of sugar.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: The Meghalaya High Court has rejected the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to cancel the recruitment ban on teachers in government schools in the state.
Isaiah 28:18/ Daniel 9:27.
When we look at other nations, we see that they have improved and this is a threat to the nation, because if it continues like this soon we will be the last in all aspects because of knowledge. Knowledge is the greatest tool for the development and strengthening of the nation.
In another match, Shillong Cricket Association tied first and lost all wickets for 86 runs in 16.4 overs.
The refugees who have been affected by the land grabbing in Goa have said that they have been in turmoil for almost 10 years since the SIT team took over the investigation into the incident. However, it has not yet been able to prove anything or receive any answers regarding their investigation.
“The ILP does not mean to ban tourists, but to ensure that those who come to register online or offline so that the Government will know, because at present we don't know who comes to the state and where. they go," he said.
He also urged the law enforcement authorities to arrest these perpetrators and punish them severely, said a statement issued by Ma Chielang Lyngdoh, President of the Sohkymphor Congress Unit.
On the opening day of the tournament, Soil and Water Conservation won 3-1 against PWD. On the other hand, Enrico Lakiang scored two goals in the 46th and 61st minutes. 74th.
He later joined the second division team of Ethnikos Achna FC for the 2013-14 season.
The rice is placed in a lynghung metal vessel like a con-cave vessel, and then the rice is thrown back into the fire until it burns.
The organization sends its condolences to the families of the deceased.
Where is that writing? We want to ask.
“We are not saying that all policemen are the same, the presence of one or two such persons shames the entire police force.
In addition to this, they use some other cleaning agents such as water from the lady's fingers or shun, or sodium hydrosulphite, or the color of a scoop. castor oil and others.
Only the teachers can convince the students that they themselves will be beautiful and bring about a complete change.
The song was written by Bah Kit Shangpliang and performed by Summersalt.
He alleged that the prime minister does not want to condemn the shooting of seven people in Mukroh, forget about the arrest of the Assam police involved in the shooting of these people.
The smuggling of timber is severe in West and South West Garo Hills such as Mellim, Amindagre, Gambegre, Damalgre, Rangsakhon, Maljenggre, Nogapara, Gonglanggre, Boldoka, Kalchengpara, Mangchim as well as Makdangra, Dengasi and others. places.
LG Nongsiej has left the HSPDP along with several MDCs during the tenure of Ardent Basaiawmoit.
And those who have planted a large rep tit earn thousands a day.
Aristotle C. Rymbai , President of MSSASA Central Body , said in a statement , that this decision was taken at the CEC of MSSASA held on the 12th of this month .
Protests have broken out and some Christian churches have opposed these laws as this is an insult and violation of the rights of the citizens.
“It's right,” Santa agreed in a friendly manner.
If you can follow only these tips I can say 90% you will avoid hacking your account or hacking your Internet Banking.
Shillong: Smit FC on Tuesday beat Mawlai FC 0-2 in the 1st Division Football League at Polo Ground.
“We have gathered here not only as a sign of protest but to convey to the Vice President and the whole of India that we do not approve of such an act.
Meghalaya aims to become a prosperous state by 2030 and to achieve this, the state government has created opportunities to use and implement all its resources and especially to have close relations with Bangladesh. to increase income.
There was also a threat from the residents who said that if Meghalaya does not take action to provide electricity in the area, they will not refuse to take it from Assam, as it is a neighboring area. At the same time, the Assam government is ready to provide for the people especially those living in the border areas.
Bah Sanbor announced that this celebration will be held along with the distribution of aid every year with all the Christian Churches in the Constituency.
According to sources, the political change mentioned by Prestone may be the full merger of two MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) with the National People's Party (NPP). ) led by the MDA-2 Government.
Speaking to media, the HNLA's appointed ksiang, Bah Sadon K.Blah, who is also the President of the HNYF, said, “We have discussed today the need to open the door of talks. The Government should drop all criminal charges against the HNLC leaders and members.
And the children of Israel came to the wilderness, and said, Where shall they go? Where is that road to freedom? Pi Hahiroth was a city of sorrow, grief, doubt and a city of turmoil.
Shillong, July 8: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem today sent a letter to the Governor of Meghalaya regarding the post of MDC.
Nongpoh: U Bah Florence Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Korstep village in Ri Bhoi district, who was shot dead by a man identified as Rojesh Makri, of the same village, died this morning at the Civil Hospital. Nongpoh, after he was injured since the day he was shot by the robber.
M.Kharbangar, State IE Coordinator, SSA, SEMAM, Meghalaya in her speech congratulated the Leader of Mawkyrwat Constituency who has received the Income Certificates. Today, these 52 persons with disabilities along with their family members have received these items with joy.
On this occasion, the new office bearers of BAM-JH for the year 2023 & 2024 were sworn in. Mr. Yoosar Kynjing, Working President Mr. Ram Passah, Asst Vice President Mr. Bakhraw Kupar Sumer, General Secretary Mr.J.Lonel Passah, Asst.General Secretary Mr.Jasmin Dkhar, Publicity Secretary Mr.Wandame hi Kynjing.
Shillong, Lber, 01: The CBC has organized a two-day Photo Exhibition and Information Session on the Freedom Fighters. of Ramakrishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Mylliem.
The Minister also informed that the government has decided to jointly implement the helpline 181 and the child helpline 1098 to ensure the full provision of services in terms of receiving children. such diseases among women and children.
It is said that head and neck diseases have been a problem in the country and it is estimated that there have been three cases of head and neck diseases in these areas.
Shillong: The recruitment for men will be in different districts of Meghalaya and then in four districts of Assam (Sonitpur, Bishwanath, Nagaon and Morigaon). (Technical), from 27th November to 10th March, 2022 at Manekshaw Stadium, 58 Gorkha Training Centre, Happy Valley, Shillong, Meghalaya.
For vehicles to enter the polling stations, they must have a Car Pass issued by the DEO of West Jaintia Hills.
But if ye forgive not men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
The ATM, which is located outside the Rongram petrol pump station of Indian Oil, was covered by CCTV cameras from the petrol station and also CCTV cameras from a nearby motorcycle showroom.
The two employees include a 38-year-old man and a 55-year-old woman.
On the other hand, SGH scored 49 extra runs, which helped Ri-Bhoi, which managed to score the target with 3 wickets remaining. 29.2 and conceded 35 balls.
In this regard, the union demands that the government should provide for the hospital, that is, to appoint all the staff who should work in the hospital from Grade IV, Ward attendance accommodation for staff nurses, public toilets to expand the building and to provide rooms, from the room where the doctor should sit and examine the patients and others.
On this occasion, there were also speakers who expressed the need for a school for farmers to learn about plant diseases and to find ways and means to prevent them.
The Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Rakkam A. Sangma today announced that the students of Meghalaya who have not been able to write the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) due to If you have to write the examination outside the state, you will be able to write it inside Meghalaya.
The Sordar of Mawryngkneng Pyllun, Bah Peter J Lawai, while leading the media to the site of the construction of the Power Sub Station 33.11 Kw, said that the village has requested the government to strengthen the electricity supply in the village.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on 29th June, 2021 has informed that after receiving the negative reports of all the High Risk Contacts and after the cleaning The containment order has been lifted for the State Bank of India, Mairang Branch from 30th June, 2021 and the bank has been reopened.
In addition, the compost that has been planted with this plant is still good to use instead of eit/ñuit compost.
The tone that emerged from these discussions was that there is an understanding of the uncertainty of the seasons and the decline in the yield of agricultural products.
With this latest aid donation from the United States, all US aid to Ukraine since the beginning of the war in June last year has increased. In fact, it has reached $36 billion.
Israeli troops have also reportedly hidden hundreds of bombs along the Gaza Strip to block the flow of food, water and electricity to the area. region.
On the 22nd of this month at about 6 pm, police arrested a man named Issei Sungoh from Dkhiah East (Ladsutnga) from his residence.
From Bah Skhemlon, the leaders of the party seized about 8-9 photographs of the youths whom he had promised to employ, and after that they went to his residence under his leadership at From his residence, police seized many documents, marksheets of students whom he had already taken money by promising to get government jobs.
His family members were angry and said, “How can you kill a voter, when the fighting is between the rebels and the army and therefore a person who has political feelings cannot be killed. killed in this picture.
Finally, a small request to all farmers is “farmers please don't use any more fertilizers that have been mixed with shun khleh dpei” because if you continue to do so not only will the yield of rice decrease but it will decrease badly. and ye shall kill and destroy the fields.
I would also like to congratulate the football team of the state who won the Bronze Medal at the Khelo India Youth Games held in Haryana.
A case has been registered against the hotel.
This is a concern in my mind to call for cooperation to reduce the number of Category 'C' and 'D' patients.
The EJNC Khliehriat Unit has lodged a complaint with the Executive Engineer and SDO of MeECL of Khliehriat Distribution Office regarding the shortage of electricity in a village in Khliehriat West known as Lum Siatthong.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has risen sharply today, with 710 new cases, 453 recoveries and 9 deaths.
MeECL Secretary Debojit Warjri has promised that the company will try to complete the issuance of appointment letters to all tomorrow. The Jugali were shocked and left the area.
They also demanded that the Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo should immediately announce to the students and residents of Lum Jaintia Hills to build this college as he has promised up to Rs 4 crore. for the improvement of this college.
Eight BSF trucks from Silchar area arrived at the protest site and were turned away.
But what happened? And, behold, an angel of the Lord descended from heaven, and came and rolled back the stone from the door, and sat upon it.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by B Parang, Executive Member of Durbar Shnong Pasadwar.
In this age of YouTube videos that broadcast news almost every hour and followed by comments of all kinds, it is difficult to understand what is right and what is wrong. you are light.
Dorothy said that in the midst of her journey to serve the poor women, she used to lose heart but the encouragement of her fellow women to continue has made her continue. this is your job.
There are 60 recoveries in East Khasi Hills, 40 cases in East Khasi Hills including 19 high risk cases, 4 ILI cases, one SARI case, 5 foreign cases, cases from Armed Forces, 3 health workers, one from Golflink Cluster, one from Lumparing Cluster, 2 cases from Nongrah Cluster, 1 case from Rilbong Cluster and 1 case from Umpling Cluster.
Hek said that no case has been reported so far and those who came from abroad have been thoroughly checked at the airports at Umroi, Dalu and Dawki.
Nongbri said that the union urges the MECL and the government to expedite the relocation as soon as possible, because if the relocation is delayed, there are electricity polls which if the dumper trucks fall down. ground, they can collide with electrical signs and cause accidents to the driver because the dumper trucks have a nar body.
However, when we think of our poor brothers and sisters, our hearts are filled with joy and many are trying to express their love and support by buying vegetables, meat, pearls and clothes. They are the ones who sell the land so that they too can have the right to live like other people.
He said he will direct the Lumshnong Police Station to investigate and then take the necessary action.
At present, the meat traders association in collaboration with the FKJGP is monitoring the arrest of cows intended for smuggling to Bangladesh.
On the other hand, the family members of the deceased have gone to pray for the deceased who is suspected to have suffered from lyngkhuh or ksuid lum ksuid wah.
In the letter, Bha Kanasing said that the reason for his resignation was for personal reasons.
Chiehruphi SYWSC has qualified for the semifinals after beating Wahiajer NYSSC 4-2 in the quarterfinals of the First Division Football Tournament held at Diengshynrum Stadium. monday.
The JHADC has issued a notice on the 7th of this month in letter No.JHADC/POL/33/2014/2 Regarding the boundary of Thadmynri Village, it was found that Thadmynri Village falls within the boundary of Nartiang Elaka.
For more information please call the tollfree numbers: 94854-32400 or
The right of pedestrians to move freely and use the roads without being harassed is a fundamental right under Article 19 (1) (d).
It is expected that in the next few months, Bah DD Lapang, together with his supporters, will complete their visit to join the party, which is now leading the government. State.
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the Presbyterian Church, Church of North India, Niamtre and other church groups who witnessed the ceremony. This day concludes the 100th Anniversary of the Catholic Church in Kyndongtuber and to praise God who came to earth and hid Himself in the image of the consecrated Father.
For more information please call 9362044268 &
“We must be vigilant and vigilant so that the nation does not lose its uniqueness in this country,” he said.
The road connecting Mawklot to Nongumlong to Umlyngka will be constructed at a cost of 4.21 crore tyngka.
From the beginning of His ministry to Mount Calvary, Jesus carried upon Himself all the burdens of the poor, the needy, the orphans, the widows, the sick, the persecuted and the rejected.
Regarding the Sonapur road, the Minister said that it has been sent to the DONER Ministry, where the DPR has been sent to the Ministry and the allocation of funds will be received soon. this part.
The Creator doesn't forsake you when he sees you trying to do what is right,” said Peter's mother. After talking to his mother, he bought an old scooty to enjoy his work.
“I am happy that the MDCs have trusted me to lead the council; “You people don't have to worry because I have the skills in politics since I was young,” said Madon. “The Amendment to the Sixth Schedule will make the council more responsible in raising funds and the MDCs have been able to shift their responsibility to improve the welfare of the people,” said Ma Rymbai.
Tura United Christian Academy has the highest pass percentage with 38.70% of the 31 candidates who passed with only 12 passes.
Jesus took away sin by sacrificing Himself.
He said that the inability of foreigners to become Khasi is due to the lack of attention of the KHADC leaders and also due to the failure of the Khasi Social Custom of Linage Act.
A healthy diet is essential for dental hygiene.
The festival, organized by NEFA, is on the basis of the desire to promote the culture and traditions of the villages within the Raid Nongtluh and especially in relation to their intention to promote the work of Jaintia Hills.
Numbers 23:19/Isaiah 46:5-7
He said that China can take back its rightful part at any time and other countries should not interfere or judge the situation between the two countries. Taiwan and China.
The Thlen is known not only as a demon who eats the souls of people until they die, but also as a kind of bseiñ that doesn't bite with sni, but eats. something.
He urged the youth to accept that these competitions and physical activities are not only the opportunities to gain fame and medals but also the paths that can separate them from the evil influences of the world. method.
At present, authorities have not determined the cause of the fire that morning.
This incident has caused great pain and heartache to the entire family.
“Meghalaya and Assam have the same problem in terms of illegal entry of foreigners as both these states border with Bangladesh,” he said.
The Garo came later in these hills, the Khasi and the Garo came later.
The union strongly condemns the bloodthirsty people who took the life of this man and urged the police to arrest and punish the bloodthirsty people who killed this man.
One of the four persons sustained serious injuries to his hand and was rushed to Shillong Hospital, while the other three persons sustained minor injuries. He was admitted to Nongpoh Civil Hospital.
Das fell after scoring 11 runs and Biswa for 27 runs and Wallambok Nongkhlaw for four runs. Sikkim and Bhushan Subba.
At first, the dkar intended to eat the fish with the Croatian flag, but later, he went to eat the fish with the Brazilian flag.
On this day, more than 200 people from all over the country came to pay their last respects to this beloved woman who has stood up to protect her land from the mining of uranium on her land. Also present on the occasion were Dr. Bremly Wanbantei B. Lyngdoh, Former President of KSU, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman of NESO, Rev PBM Basaiawmoit, Angela, leader of the Thma u Ragli (TUR), leaders of KSU, HANM, FKJGP and several other state leaders.
Khliehriat, July 4 : The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of Khliehriat, on Saturday launched the Integrated Health Campaign. The program was held at Khliehriat West Community Hall in the presence of Deputy Commissioner, IAS, Dr (Mrs.
Im is the man whom God created from the rib of Adam.
It is worth mentioning that this visit of the Chief Minister is one of the ways in which he together with the Minister of Tourism of the Government of Meghalaya will create the mechanisms to complete the project on time. that it will not be open to the public as scheduled for November 4,
The second thing that happened was surprising and surprising to see that many people from different religions came to this tournament. The name of the KHASI people and they are not ashamed to call upon God to the Creator, they sing special songs, patriotic songs, religious songs, and many turn to God to pray and thank God and to call upon his help in secret and in public.
Pyniaid said that this money is for the year 2018-19, and there is still about T.52 crore left for the Council to receive.
The MDCs of the Opposition including AA Shullai have sought clarification from the Executive Committee regarding the allocation of funds to the JHADC from the 15th Finance Commission under the Tied Grant and United Grant for the Financial Year 2023-2 On the other hand, EM I/c P.Dkhar did not respond.
The mother of the child is under 18 years old and lives in a house in Mawpat, while the father of the child is from Rymbai, but he comes to work. in Mawpath.
In 1947, the house was occupied by the Ceremonial Governor General, Lord Mountbatten, followed by Chakravarti Rajagopalachari, the first and last Indian to become Governor General.
Jowai, November 06: U AA Shullai, while talking to media in Jowai today, urged the voters of the state, “If they need change in all aspects, they should turn to this "It is the only party that has hope and stands against the MDA government.
According to these nurses, the lack of proper policy has led to the nurses who have not received government education being discriminated against by the government.
Speaking to reporters, Bah RCR Kharsyntiew, General Secretary of the HPWU, said that they do not support the strike and request the NEPMU to end the strike. Meghalaya during the Christmas celebrations of the people of Meghalaya during this month.
According to information received from the Income Tax Department, Shillong, the number of income tax payers in the state is very small as most of the residents who earn income, They should have paid taxes, but they didn't because the law of the central government had exempted them.
Nongstoiñ: The candidate of the HSPDP, Bah D.Jyndiang, who is also the sitting MLA of Nongstoin Constituency, today violated the rules of the Election Commission of India (ECI). Model Code of Conduct.
The union also praised the state government for announcing that the registered employees will receive T.1000 per month during this time of closure of shops to fight against the spread of COVID-1 -19.
Ex-Rev.K.LangrinThe month of December has come and the rainy season has arrived, the cold and drought has arrived, what shall we say.
But as Rangsan, you have become very stupid, you can use it for the right purposes, not like your brother who has just picked it up,” said the mother.
Rympei PIP has won the title of the 1st Open to All 40 Above Veteran Cup Football Tournament organized by Marlangki & Friends.
From the sleepless nights and sleepless nights of the children, the mother knows that they have a place where they like to hang out with friends, because they don't like to be with their parents or family.
At this meeting, the union recalled the meeting between the union and the Vice Chancellor held on 16th July 2023 where the union demanded to give special permission to the Khasi youths who apply for jobs in the The union also expressed to Prof Shukla that the presence of Khasi youth in various departments of NEHU will bring about full service because of their commitment to their country. NEHU is located in the state.
The match in Zone 2 in Tura had to be canceled due to heavy rain.
The State Government has also been able to utilize the funds allocated from the Government of India and the implementation of development projects has increased significantly compared to the previous years.
We also thought that to hold back is like treating you badly,” said the mother.
The winners of the Tirot Sing Award 2023 in Arts and Culture were Sweetymon Rynjah, the Pa Togan N Sangma Award for Social Service was Dr. Jennifer V. Basaiawmoit and Kiang Nangbah. The 2023 Award for Sports has been awarded to Klingson D Marak.
Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem was the chief guest in the presence of Eric Dkhar, Block Development Officer Umling C&RD Block, PL Nonglait, DSEO Ri Bhoi. , principals, teachers and students from various schools and others.
Ft has already been opened and has now started operating and this is especially for those who are self-employed.
She said that any acts of violence against women are unacceptable in a democratic country.
Police said that when they arrived at her residence, they found Bergeson's body inside a blanket.
According to the statement, the next meeting of the Committee will be held in June this year.
The reason is that Ranaut admits that India's independence since 1947 is not true independence or a sympathetic one.
This is according to a statement sent by the District Social Welfare Officer, Shillong.
Shillong, March 14: The famous border market, Hat Lyngkhat, on the border with Bangladesh, has been closed for two years since the outbreak of Covid-1
Rai said the measures should have been part of the 14-point Summer Action Plan (SAP) on air pollution, which was introduced by Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwal on May.
The owner of the land said that the road blockade has been going on for almost a month now and he will continue to block the road until the company fulfills its promises.
He said what the government has done to the leaders of the independent rebel groups who have been involved in murder and crime in the society by giving the example of former Chairman Julious Dorphang. “What have the Government and Police Chiefs done to the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh even though the CBI report has found her involved in theft? Nongpoh, Jymmang 15: It will be of benefit to the farmers, especially to the farmers, said a statement from Bah Adelbert Nongrum, former CEM of KHADC. The Union Minister of State for Agriculture and Farmers, who has the intention to train students in agriculture, today, Radha Mohan Singh, as the chief guest, inaugurated the Central Agriculture University (CAU), located at ICAR, Umiam, Ri-Bhoi District.
During the investigation, police have found that these people are involved in crimes such as theft, cutting down sal trees, bikes and kwai.
On the other hand, Conrad told the Minister that the 50 km road from Rongjeng to Adokgre via Mansang has been neglected by the central and state governments.
A taxi driver from Jyrngam said that one day during the month when they were banned from working, when he wanted to pick up passengers, he was warned that if he left he had to pay 1000 tyngka to the drivers. car.
In this incident, the father of the family and three children, lost their lives.
Through this experience, says the prophet Jeremiah 51:29-3
Besides rice, other crops damaged by the floods are riew hadem, jhur and others.
Shillong, March 27: After the Sohra constituency, BJP Spokesperson from Delhi Nalin Kohli today visited Shella constituency to meet with the people of the area.
With the announcement of the curfew at midnight on October 24, about 1.3 billion people across India have been forced to stay at home.
Protests have been held and there are also some Christian churches which have opposed these laws because this is an infringement and violation of the rights of the citizens.
The drugs were seized from a truck entering Mexico after a search team conducting X-ray scans at the area saw the smuggling of drugs. They stopped the truck carrying the cheese and found 17.8 pounds of cheese. drugs that were mixed with these foods.
“The three oxygen plants will be funded through the UNDP scheme for the state government and the health department is looking for land for the construction of these three oxygen plants,” he said. said Conrad K Sangma.
The President said that the government will focus on the coal mining industry and allow the private sector to participate in a transparent manner.
According to them, the central government has directed the state government to fully employ them but it has not done so.
Jopthiaw had also contested the last MLA election from the Congress party against Sniawbhalang Dhar from Nartiang constituency.
The Court has scheduled the next hearing of the case for May 3, 2023.
According to the order, the condition of the road in Lumshnong and other parts of the road poses a threat to the passengers.
He said that initially almost everyone wanted Bah Charles Pyngrope to be appointed as President but it was a mistake.
Through the orderly participation of the people, they firmly believe that they will encourage unity and healing for those communities who have suffered.
This is a clear picture of the value of ka. Over time, it has changed completely.
There was also a flag raising ceremony to express the protest.
The Wagner Group, Yevgeny Prigozhin's army, has captured two Russian cities, the report said.
Thus he encouraged and empowered Timothy not to deviate from this faith, but to preach and teach the word of God at all times, whether in church or on the street or in the marketplace. among all people, by admonishing and encouraging and exhorting all people with love and patience because there are difficult times in humanity as it happens in these days of ours, the age of greed and spend time in idleness and pursuit rather than turning to God and His Word.
Bilgrak G Sangma took three wickets for 17 runs, Gulgul Sangma took four wickets for 24 runs and Chimbara Sangma took two wickets for 26 runs.
He said the UCC is intended to develop the Personal Laws of the citizens which applies to all citizens regardless of religion, ethnicity, but it shall be all the same.
Besides, he said that those households who are eligible for this scheme should submit their documents.
The program was also attended by the Pa'iem of Mylliem Hima, Laborious Manik Syiem as the chief guest and Dr. Fenella Lyngdoh Nonglait as the chief guest.
Local MLA Justine Dkhar, Sutnga MLA Hopeful Bamon, Local MDC Khliehtyrshi, Hopeful Bamon, Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem, Rajya Sabha MP Wansuk Syiem were also present. Wapung and other places besides, the District Heads of East Jaintia Hills, from the SP and DC. Lber-June with sacrifices and suit ka shor and this year the Behdeiñkhlam festival started on the 18th of this month.
In a statement, Dr Rusievan Shangpliang, Member of the VPP Media Cell, said that it is sad that the students have to suffer because there are no authorities to look after the students. to see.
At indoor meetings, only 30 percent or 100 people will be allowed to attend.
A special song was performed by Lapdiang Nongsiej.
This will also be the first time that the Education Department of the State Government has declared a holiday during the rainy season due to the heavy rainfall which has affected the traffic of the people especially due to the landslide on the roads. and the flooding of rivers and streams.
Esther and her intercession before the king that saved the Jews from the hands of Haman was also commemorated at this festival.
The project is expected to cost about $423.178m.
He also mentioned some of the works that he through the MDA government has done for the development of the area, including the payment of government salaries to the teachers of Nongstoiñ College, the construction of Sib Singh Memorial Govt.
“The report (in an English newspaper) that the ED has visited MeECL is wrong, untrue and unfounded at all,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah. “We cannot accept this news without proper confirmation,” he said.
Referring to Mamata Banerjee's claim that only the TMC can develop the state, Ernest Mawrie said, “What she has done in West Bengal is amazing. in the state.
“We are good and kind and we cooperate because we believe and trust in cooperation... I don't say a word against these people, but it hurts me today when I hear such words and politics of a division in which people are involved.
How do we know that the night is near and the day is near? it is through the Word of God.
On Sunday morning, Red FM channel 93.5 spoke to Kong Warimeka Lyngwa who has been treated for breast cancer.
Bah Melam Rangad is the Secretary of the Thranghok Rangad Academic Society, an organization that provides assistance and support to students from poor families. He is also a man who is famous for his contribution to the welfare of the community.
At present, there is no one in the state who raises cows for slaughter, but only dairy cows and dairy cows, said Bah Generous. “There are cows that cannot produce milk, old cows or cows that don't have the strength to milk and how many cows will be obtained from the state for slaughter,” said Bah Generous.
Kejriwal was hit by an auto driver named Lali, 38, at Sultanpuri.
This statement came after a working meeting convened by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare and other officials of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. state.
Mizoram, Himachal Pradesh, Ladakh and Goa are the best states in terms of welfare principles.
The Seiñ Kur Dkhar, Wapung Circle has announced that it will honor the students of the Kur Dkhar who have passed well in their studies on the 4th December 2021 at Jalyiah, East Jaintia Hills. .
About 84 members including women and men from neighboring villages and members attended the programme.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04 : Five candidates of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and four other candidates of the BJP, VPP and PDF have filed their nomination papers today for the upcoming MLA elections. 27th June.
The first match of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 will continue at the 1st Ground SSA Stadium today. The first match will start at 11:30 pm between Nongrah SC and Pohkseh SC. Jowai, November 01: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 2023 will be played between Lumshyiap SC and Imson SC at 2 pm. The Jowai District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday held a tournament at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 29: After the KSU DC on the 28th of this month for issuing NOC to seven road projects, the NOC fire has spread across the state.
The deaths were from East Garo Hills and Ri Bhoi District.
These participants will pray in their respective places.
Pastor Snaitang spoke from the Book of Daniel chapter 5 verses 22 to 28 and also spoke about King Belshazzar by comparing his life with The Christians today who stand against the Lord of heaven by praising and worshiping God with gold, silver, silver and wood and stone and this is a sin of ignorance, when we know that it is wrong but we are still doing it.
Shillong, November 29: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of North Shillong Constituency, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a 500 meter long road at Jaïaw Umpohliew Block under the Jaiaw Laitdom Dorbar. .
“We don't believe it's Dewiong.
The Executive Committee of KHADC under the leadership of Bah HS Shylla as CEM KHADC has issued this decision within less than 2 months.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the DC, Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of the KSU, NKHD, said that the KSU is deeply saddened by the attack on the people in the border areas. It is for this reason that the party has given its full support to the Khanapara Village.
In Khasi, it means that there are religious leaders who are happy when they receive stolen money from the government, co-operative societies, banks, clubs and others, they fall into the same punishment as the thieves themselves. according to the law.
At present, its jurisdiction is limited to Meghalaya.
“WE ARE KHASI WE ARE KHASI I LOVE YOU”
First of all, I as a young man would like to inform you of the following: Just as the nature of the sky has its own season, so we human beings have our own time in a big way. your rukm san.
She also thanked the SDO Sohra Sub-Division, Sohra Police Station, Executive Engineer Sohra Sub-Division for their cooperation and support. PHC, Sohra Hima and Sohbar.
HW Sten has written many books such as Christ receives sinners, The dark night will disappear, The sounds of the golden trumpet, the Queen, The lost glory, The Grammar of the Khasi language, the History of Khasi Language, Everlasting Desire and others.
The celebration started in the morning when the Moderator, Bah Danny Langstieh, lit the lights and the chief guests lit the candles.
After completion, the elders and Raidmynsaw decided to open a secondary school up to class VIII and in 2017 they started class X. Since the start of class X, the teachers They have worked hard physically and spiritually to improve the education of the children, in which gradually the school has grown and this year, is a year to remember, because the school has sent 40 students. Nine students passed and one failed in the Final Examination of Secondary School Leaving Certificate 2022 conducted by the MBOSE.
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Party (CLP) Leader Ampareen Lyngdoh has expressed her dissatisfaction with the secret struggle of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government led by Conrad K Sangma. Report of the Regional Committees on the settlement of the boundary between Assam and Meghalaya.
The demand for an outpost in the village started on 1st July 1994 when the Latympang Welfare Organization (LWO) which has an office here in Shillong sent a delegation and submitted a petition to the former DGP of Meghalaya. , Shri DNS Srivastava.
Tre-kirot, I'm going to kill you, I'm going to kill all the Kñi.
“We have sent a letter not only to the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam but also to the Government of India.
The first phase of the settlement between Meghalaya and Assam has already been completed for seven seats and now the governments of these states will start the second phase for six seats. studied.
In a statement, the Seng through Dr J.Syiemlieh Secretary said that we need to be very careful in the election of our leaders, because they should remember that 'as we elect so we shall get,' I'm not going to be later.
He added that we as the BSF on the border have to follow the rules of the Indian government.
The village leaders and the committee urged the DC to take action to protect the land of the border villages and to protect the border of the State.
If we take the positive sense, it means that the people themselves have a role to play in bringing about development through clean governance because these words of this great man have been enshrined in them through our Constitution. .
No.TAD/83/50 dated Shillong 5th November 1957 and it is now up to the Government of Meghalaya to negotiate with the Government of Assam.
“Meghalaya needs good roads, implementation of housing systems, good literacy, public health and other overall development of the country. the state," he said.
Nongpoh: Police in Ri-Bhoi District have arrested four suspects, Sadhan Jamatia, Naba Baruah, Sono Ram and Suresh Boro, for allegedly killing a security guard at the police station. Dismarlin Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi, 10mer, Ri Bhoi District, on the night of 24th June.
The inspection was attended by Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of KSU North Khasi Hills District, Samla Readyon Nongrum, Education Secretary of KSU, Sengkmie and members of KSU from Sengkmie and KSU Ri Bhoi District.
The authorities of Yellandu Municipal Corporation in Telangana are now in the hands of its employees in Bhadradri Kothagudem district.
These pharmacies are Daloi Pharmacy, RB Pharmacy and Passah Medicure in Jowai.
According to a statement from the Meghalaya Table Tennis Association, the incident happened at 1:50 pm, after Vishwa and three others were riding in a tourist vehicle which took them away. you're in the Guwahati area.
Weak political parties that try to divide the nation with backward thinking and focus only on small issues will not be able to stir up the engine of development or the people who are short-sighted and short-sighted. They cannot demand that development in the whole state.
A forest owner who spends time every month or every day in his forest knows what kind of animals are in his forest and if they damage or destroy his animals or plants he can kill them and many others. and those who know that it is illegal shall not tell anyone when they kill wild animals, but the first and last owner can do whatever he wants.
This young man comes from a poor family who lives only by working as a stonecutter to support his family and he had to drop out of school for many reasons. family problems.
The Union has requested the Dorbar Shnongs not to hold fetes or cow slaughter festivals and if possible, has urged to postpone the dates so as not to coincide with the fete date of the Union Waheh Shnong Ri Jaintia.
They said that the Reservation Policy which was 40/40 percent at that time was slow, and they knew that the Garo were more backward, they didn't have any feelings, but now it has led to the conflict. It is not possible to get Garo or Khasi, there is no mutual assistance.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong 22: To maintain the cleanliness of the rivers especially those flowing through urban areas, it is the duty of every resident to take responsibility and authority. villages should also take care of this important issue.
According to the fixture programme, the stadium for Lajong will be played in the city, but it has not been revealed where the team will play, whether it will be on the third ground lane. somewhere else.
He said that there are 440 Integrated Village Cooperative Societies and 28 Organic Farmer Producer Organizations and construction worth T.78.5 crore across the state in relation to agriculture and the government. is committed to improving the income of farmers in the state.
Just like her, We live in other days, We don't know where the country will go".
It is prohibited to hold meetings without permission from the Deputy Commissioner's office and Rangbah Shnong.
Therefore, the union will conduct an inspection in the coming days and if found, those who carry the most will be arrested.
As part of the celebration of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, the Fourth Meghalaya Police Battalion in Sohpian, West Khasi Hills, unfurled the largest Tricolor Flag of India in West Khasi Hills.
Therefore, they said that while they have not received their salary, they will not sit still but will continue to protest, as the government wants them until they get their rights.
Freida was invited to take part in the Show which is also unique to this country.
I pray to God that I will be able to watch this movie on the 28th".
The union has also prepared prizes for the winners including T.7,000/-, T.5000/-, T.3,000/- for the first, second and third place winners.
Jason Wahlang was named Man of the Match.
These include EGH: 18, EJH: 28, EKH: 204, NGH: 15, RBD: 24, SGH: 07, SWGH: 11, SWKH: 23, WGH: 53, WJH: 84 and WKH:
The joint operation between the CM troops and the state police took place in Siaha district of Mizoram.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,652 and the death toll has risen to
The VPP leader suggested to the Government to involve the experts of the State in the State Education Commission.
Yoophrangki Laloo, Foundation & Club Trainer, Rtn.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has demanded that the police should be punished severely for the shooting of women. Meghalaya Cement Limited is located in Thangskai.
“I don't have anything against anyone but I just congratulate and wish you and our HNYF that you will continue to serve the beloved Bri u Hynniewtrep. and if there is any assistance I am ready to give my right hand and left hand in relation to the party,” said Bah Thangkhiew.
A few days after the incident, the NIA released five videos related to the protest on Khalistan-related issues.
Nongpoh, November 20: The KSU Umiam Circle, in collaboration with the KSU Eastern Border Area, today arrested a Khar Nepali identified as Palden Tamang, after they found He was involved in the registration of Adhar Card in Rangmen and Nongsder areas of Ri Bhoi District.
Archbishop Dominic Jala shared the symbols of the faith and love of Jesus to worship and honor the Holy Eucharist.
When asked how many years he has lived in the area, Narayan said that they have lived in the area for 38 years and some for 30 years but all of them are more than 30 years.
Would Jesus accept that His second coming would be associated with the murder or bloodshed of innocent people, whether Arabs or Muslims or Jews or Christians? Jesus will never accept this, he will strongly condemn and stand against Israel or any other country that commits these crimes.
Speeches were also delivered by the beneficiaries of this scheme.
Police have warned the public not to be deceived by such money laundering groups and urged the public to inform the police if they find such activities.
Mandir, Gurudwara and Churches and expressed that faith is personal and should not interfere with politics.
The elected members of the committee include the Additional District Election Officer, Rudolf Pde of the INC, B. Mawphniang of the BJP, Linus Lyngdoh of the NPP; Pls Syiem of UDP, G.Pyrtuh of AITC, K. Marwein of HSPDP and Deputy District Election Officers are in charge of the committee.
In a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District, these organizations also showed evidence that there is petrol flowing into the river and which has made it unfit for use. , because you have poured petrol into the river, which is also a Saturday.
The man from Pyndengumiong Mairang village had gone to the river with his relatives.
On the other hand, Dr R.Allya DHS MCH& FW, speaking as the Chief Guest, said that to treat high blood pressure, one should know how to avoid bad habits that affect one's health.
Hoid I have to say, bah rupang, or kong rupang, 20 tons a day, to carry only 200 kelo, please send me this message from those who came to bring 20 tons 1 kg. the machine is not clean.
Police have recovered T.220 tyngka from the body of the suspect while the rest of the money was said to have been bought by the suspect.
Furthermore, the union said that the public footpath in the area is very important, where the relevant authorities should take care of the danger to the people and school children in the area.
With 331 seats, the Tory party has the largest number of seats, while Labor has 232 seats, the Liberal Democrats eight seats, and the SNP 50 seats. which won 56 out of 59 constituencies in Scotland.
But I didn't get the skad.
The suspension of the order will end after the re-employment of these people has ended.
However, what is sad for us as a nation is that we don't have an understanding on these issues that affect us all.
d) to cooperate with the directions of the Rangbah Shnongs/CCMTs and BDOs. e) Anyone who is sick or has any symptoms of illness, shall not go out into the fields.
At the same time, she urged the visitors to obey the directions of the Shnong.
Tura, Jymmang 24 : The Meghalaya Lokayukta has chargesheeted former GHADC Chief Executive Member (CEM) Boston R Marak, Asananang MDC Ismail Marak and 11 former MDCs and employees. The contractor of the Council is not responsible.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla congratulated the leaders and members of the East Jaintia National Council, as well as the leaders of various political parties who attended the programme. He said that only with the cooperation of the Sengbhalang and he as the leader can the district be developed. He also spoke on some of the issues that need to be developed by the people of the area, such as the demand for a government college. , the unemployment of the people of the area to work in the dewbilat factories within the district and other issues.
The Chief Minister also distributed T.5000 each to the farmers of the area who are in the farmers' groups at the Multi Purpose Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office.
Recent research has found that the Austroasiatic ethnic groups, of which the Khasi are one, and the Tibeto-Burman ethnic groups, such as the Kok-Borok, Tani-Mishmi, Kuki-Chin -Mizo, are indigenous people who migrated to India on or before 2000 BC.
Speaking on the occasion, Moses Swer encouraged the VECs of the villages to help more families if there are others because they take care and use the assistance they receive from the government.
Many times we refuse and refuse to drink this Water of Life of God and many times we drink the waters of the world which do not give us refreshment and thirst.
Captain Sonam Choden said the players are looking forward to a good game tomorrow while Yeshi Wangchuk said it would be great to experience as a coach.
He said that the state has ranked fourth in the country in terms of spending on health and assured that the government will strive to provide more doctors according to the agreement. which has already been signed.
Speaking to reporters, Thongkhar said, “I have not refused to sign the letter of the Mawlai people, but I have asked for time to speak first within the RDA”. .
“In the midst of the announcement of the elections soon, we have had to conclude this budget session first,” said the Speaker of the House.
They also demanded the immediate arrest of the robbers involved in the rape and murder of two school children in the district in November and October this year.
In this border settlement, perhaps Assam will be very happy, because they have seen and met with Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, who is ready to give all the land to Assam. The reason why the MoU was signed between the two Prime Ministers was quick and a decision was taken urgently on the demarcation issue, as Assam feels that it has acquired a lot of land from Meghalaya.
This encouraged Rida again.
Explaining in detail, Ms Da-iing said that one of the two knives used had broken the tip and Helpful threw the knife on the road to reinforce it and then fled. also carrying both swords in his hand.
The inclusion of skilled players in the SAI will be confirmed after a thorough age and medical examination.
Shillong, Lber 7: The body of a woman was found on the roadside at Itshyrwat, on the way to NEIGRHIMS. The body was found at 5 pm this morning.
Speaking to reporters, the office bearers of the Association said that the Association has taken this decision to increase the fare after the complaint of the passengers and passengers. It has also reached the ears of the office bearers of the Association and with sorrow they have taken this decision which will be for the benefit of all.
She said that the Nongpoh Bar Association has received its own room and has used it as a workplace for the lawyers.
This was discovered by the leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) West Khasi Hills today. He said that their visit to the school was after the students and parents informed the union that they are facing many problems.
According to Pastor Phawa, the government intends to implement the Aadhar number to avoid fraud, misuse and to ensure the status of every person as a citizen of India.
If anyone is seriously ill and needs to get medicine, they should inform the Shnong Administration by phone.
The notice, which is false, announces that this will also be a permanent job for those who get the job.
The UDP has agreed that the Lamphang seat held by its late president, Dr Donkupar Roy, should go to the UDP. NPP leaders Conrad K Sangma, Prestone Tynsong and UPF leaders have said that there is no agreement that the Lamphang seat will go to the UDP but they respect Dr Donkupar's proposal. to take the throne because he is the oldest and most intelligent.
The sordars of these villages and the people said that the action of the Syiem, has been very upsetting and shows clearly that if the children of the raïot of the hima drink dirty water such as and the pigs did not eat, because they were not able to eat.
And those who live there will receive no wages without doing anything.
Rowel said the Election Commission of India, after sending the Governor to the Governor for clarification on 30th November, 2015, has sought a reply from the State Government on 19th July, claim.
Shillong, Nailar 02 : The Electricity Department of the Union Government, in continuation of the celebration of Ujjwal Bharat Ujjwal Bhavishya across the country, has organized a Bijli Mahotsav at Laitryngew, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Meghalaya. in the past week.
Therefore, when shongkha in the Khasi society, women should look carefully and not ryngkoh kulmar, by looking at wealth or colour.
Dear you, I really like the words you have written here “Those who smell the truth must be cut off and torn apart, and also have to suffer in that smell.
Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal today announced that the government will convert schools into temporary shelters to feed 4 lakh poor people in the country. this State every day.
Furthermore, it is worth mentioning that this film has been released more and more because there has been a lot of discussion on the 9-Lad which was also discussed in the last budget session where Bah Adelbert Nongrum MLA he brought the matter to 9-Lad.
The truck was coming from Dimapur and was passing through it before being arrested at Guwahati Khetri.
The Emergent Meeting of the Church Committee of the Presbyterian Church Jowai, held on 20.03.2020, as part of the cooperation with the government authorities and also to cooperate to prevent the spread of COVID-19, has decided to temporarily suspend all services. of the Church on the Lord's Day and on Saturdays.
Also present on the occasion were Samla Eric Nongkynrih, Asst General Secretary KSU CEC, Samla Ferdynald K. Kharkamni President KSU NKHD, Samla Lambok Joseph Rymbai Vice-General Secretary KSU CEC. Samla Lester Nongbet, Organizing Secretary of KSU Nongpoh Circle, Samla Baiashanlang Kharshanlor and other leaders of KSU Nongpoh Circle.
Therefore, the relevant authorities should take action on this issue and also these residents should have a spirit of tolerance, before any tragic incident happens to the passengers.
The match was played between Mawkynroh Football Club and Young Boy's Football Club at 12:30 pm. Disparlin Lyngkhoi scored in the 49th minute and Janhameshwa Marngar in the 52nd minute.
N Shadap, the union has requested the High Court authorities not to allow the Rangbah Shnongs once again as usual.
With this second victory, PFR has retained the top spot in Group-B with six points from two games.
It is true that the Dorbar Shnongs in different villages of the Khasi Hills have imposed rules on the residents or passers-by not to use or speak bad language inside the villages, but it is not easy for them. The village chief shall be appointed in all places to arrest those who violate the law.
If you look at the traffic jam started early in the morning and this is more severe during school time and will continue until 11.30 or 12:00 when all the government employees have arrived at their workplaces. their.
Above all, the Meghalaya Industrial Policy has been formulated to facilitate trade and promote trade.
Nangbah Sports Association (WJDSA) beat Dongmihsngi 2-0 in the 2nd Division Football Tournament (WJDSA) on Saturday.
Jowai: Thousands of people from near and far attended the Bible Convention and Prayer for the Healing of the Sick at Good Shepherd Parish Ladrymbai today. ) patients of various diseases achieved complete remission.
He said that by the next five years, the number of Christians in various church groups could reach 85 percent, but the worrying thing is that as the number of Christians increases, the number of households will increase.
The fact is that the foundation of customs and traditions has been strong since ancient times but it has begun to deteriorate slowly in this age as it appears from time to time, even in those families who still hold on to their traditions. .
This Act was in force until we got our own State of Meghalaya.
Hambor Lyngdoh scored two goals in the 20th and 86th minutes and Samborlang Mynsong scored one goal in the 43rd minute.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 5: The New Nongstoiñ Sports Social and Cultural Club (NSCLC) has once again announced the resumption of the biggest tournament in Nongstoiñ which used to be held at the New Nongstoiñ Village Square.
The Waheh Shnong of Ialong, T Ram Phawa, said that the ban on tourism is part of the fight against the spread of COVID-1
“Where the leaders disappear until their rights are deprived, the village leaders never come forward.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: The deadline for filing of nomination papers for the 2023 election from the constituencies in the state and Ri Bhoi District. On the last day, 4 candidates have filed their nomination papers to confirm that they are the candidates for the 2023 election from the constituencies in Ri Bhoi.
Therefore, there was a high expectation among first-century Christians that Jesus would return in their own generation.
At present, the demand for organic fertilizer in the state is about 25,000 metric tonnes.
The Seng feels that the intention to hold such 21st International Trade Fairs at such a time will put the residents of the state at risk from the corona virus.
Cameron Diaz, who has decided to return to the film industry, has reportedly resigned from the industry and may not return to her job.
Rohit Yadav was named Player of the Match.
New Delhi, Jymmang 10: The 2015 elections held in Delhi will be remembered in the history of future generations, for the first time in the capital of the country. that only one party has won almost all the constituencies.
He said the Congress in Meghalaya is still waiting for the decision of the AICC as the Indian delegation is holding meetings in Hyderabad and Mumbai these days.
Munna is the son of Bimal Baruah, brother of Paresh Barua, who lives in Chabua.
The civil society organizations which visit the border areas from time to time to block the border crossing of the Assam government should show their strong hands and strong arms at such times to protect the border areas. pud u sam your country.
Hamas claims between 210 and 240 people have been abducted by the militants, including 40 children.
Samla Willson Myrthong, while talking to reporters, said that after the management of Mount Hermon School, the residents of Mawbyrshem and the owners of a house in Them ïew area, informed them. and request the members of the organization to look after it.
What happens when there is too much vitamin C in the body? We know that if any nutrients, even if they are good and healthy, but if they are too much for the body, it can cause the impact on physical health.
Prominent singers in Jaintia Hills including Dawbhaki Pde, Marleki Lytan, Sevenkisius Lamare, Morilda Paswet, Kyns & Mates and others have performed meaningful songs and surprised the people to stand up for themselves. not the Myntdu River.
But you also get the third division.
This is where the saying goes, winners like to say it’s hard to fight, but losers like to say it’s easy.
Shillong: After the State Government announced to hold the MDC elections in the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on 9th June 2021, the political parties have decided to hold the MDC elections. The HSPDP, which is also working within the MDA government, has no intention of contesting the upcoming elections.
The investigation has been registered against both the perpetrators at Lumdiengjri Police Station under Case No. 129(11)19 U/S 22(c)/29 NDPSAct.
And he shall speak marvelous things against the God of gods: and he shall prosper until the wrath be accomplished (until the end of the 1290s), Daniel 12:11, for that which he purposed shall be accomplished. Daniel 11:36.
During the investigation, these fraudsters said that they used to steal money from other states by using the names of others.
Furthermore, he expressed his regret that it is the same parties who support the signing of the MoU and it is the same parties within the KHADC who want to appeal against this.
In a statement, Bah Mawrie said that the main objective is to reduce the traffic jam in Mawbah by oneway, that is, by connecting the road from the end of the road. Mawbah and TB Hospital to reduce traffic jam on one side of the road besides the construction of footpaths for pedestrians.
In the first pre-quarter final, Chiehruphi SYWSC beat Pamrapaithlu SC 3-1. Suting Syrti scored two goals in the 31st and 37th minutes. in the 62nd minute.
The Assam government has received information that seven members of the group have entered Assam and one of them was arrested by the police from Barpeta in October this year.
It is a pleasure for Meghalaya to win three consecutive matches in this tournament to reach the semi finals.
But you can't rule any religion in India, Modi is a capitalist.
Those who attend the Trial are requested to bring their Birth Certificates along with their sports equipment.
On the other hand, the Principal said that the school was established in the name of God and the school as a whole believes that this incident is known by God. God.
The world population is at least 6.9 billion or 7 billion.
“In the Lok Sabha, he is not my husband, he will be a member of the RJD and I will be a full member of the Congress party and any differences of opinion will be discussed in the rules of procedure of our parties,” he said. by Ranjeet.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 18: The Executive Committee of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union (MAWU) on Saturday decided to intensify the protests by holding an indefinite strike. in front of the Secretariat from the 27th of this month as part of the protest against the Government's rejection of the demand of the ASHAs to increase their salary from T.2,000 to T.5,0 .
Sensors that detect infection and drugs that interact with the immune system - are less effective in the cold.
At present, Bayern Munich's victory over Dortmund was only due to a goal difference as both sides had 71 points each.
Kong N Wankhar, wife of Bah V Richard Nongsiej, said that it is highly suspected that the bike was caused by the robbers.
“He said that according to the party's position from the beginning, the party is against the establishment of Coke Factories in the district and on the grounds that the establishment of Coke Factories will affect the people of the district. The health of the people will also affect the environment and the water supply within the area. riots of the general public due to the all-round influence of these industries.
(MePDCL) to the Feedback Energy Distribution Company Limited (FEDCO) for failing to provide any explanations to the public. They have already signed a contract to take over from 1st May 2019 for the purpose of operating the work without proper notice to the electrical consumers. you division.
Shillong, Nailar 07 : The Lapalang Sports Club has won the first ever Football Tournament organized by the Riwar Mihngi Sports Association (RMSA) on Saturday at Block field, Pynursla.
They said that the reason for the arrest was due to the police's increased search operations and also the problems of food and drink shortages, housing problems.
These villages are the most remote, the poorest and the most backward villages because all the villages are inhabited by the Khasi Pnar people.
The Special Task Force (STF) of the Assam Police since last year has launched intensive operations against robbers/gangs involved in robbery. the illegal killing of chickens across parts of Assam; The STF team also arrested Saidul Islam.
Lapynshai Syiemlieh (Under-23) in the 48 kg category, Pynnehbor Mylliemngap in the 48 kg category and Edilbert Ryngdongsngi in the 85 kg category. kg and Skhemborlang Marweing in the 51 kg category.
During his two-day visit, Rawat met with government officials from political parties to ensure that the elections will be held smoothly.
The Riatsamthiah Presbyterian Church has donated a place for the burial of Dr John L Sailo Ryntathiang at the Lawmali Cemetery.
In a statement sent by the Media Cell In charge of the party, Samla Londoner M Sohtun, it said that this action of the Assam government, which has recently come to power, shows the attitude of the governments. Whether it is the Congress-led government or the BJP-led government, they are the same and that is to attack the small states.
Scam: means klip klip klip or just scam is the misuse of funds from one party to another with the opportunity to take advantage of oneself.
The meeting decided to clarify to the public that it is the Government of India which has decided to reopen places of worship in the country from 21st November 2020, and the State Government has suggested that Places of worship in the State may reopen from the first month of March 2020, if the situation in relation to Covid19 improves.
New Delhi, Nailar 6: Armed groups of Pakistani militants and Pakistani troops have opened fire on Indian troops on patrol on the Line of Control in parts of Jammu and Kashmir. in the morning of the second day in which five Indian soldiers were killed.
On Sunday, Kushwaha sent a letter to the party followers inviting them to a meeting for a discussion on the developments within the JD(U).
“If the AICC says to replace the leadership, we don't say anything. It depends on the leadership of the party and the acceptance of the majority,” said Bah Rowel.
The Joint Action Committee (JAC) comprising the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Drivers Association (JHTOA), Meghalaya Truckers Union (MTU) and the All Jaintia Hills Clinkers and Cement Association (AJHCCA) has unanimously agreed to accept the new price. for the purpose of carrying dewbilat from the factories.
Also present on the occasion were Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills MV Nongbri, Shillong Times Editor Pratricia Mukhim, Vice Chancellor of NEHU USK Srivastava, Rangbah Shnong of Cleave Colony, Lummawbah and students. from all over the school in Shillong.
Referring to the MDC election 2024, Bah Metbah said that the UDP has not yet discussed or taken any decision on the election. The party ticket includes the current MDCs of the party.
Charles said the committee did not accept the reply submitted by the officers of these two government departments.
The new MDC said that it is the right to get a C&RD Block in Namdong because just because of the distance of this C&RD Block, the people have often lost the benefits they deserve especially the The farmers have to spend days to travel especially from Lapangap Khanduli to reach the Block at Thadlaskein. the rural people of this area in terms of the benefits they should receive in various areas.
In the midst of this migration of people to the areas allocated by the Creator, to live only animals such as forests, btap, this has been destroyed and damaged by man, just to set up factories, hotels, places of worship, to collect money.
On the other hand, PHE Minister Marcuise N Marak said that most of the water wells distributed to the households under the Jal Jeevan Mission are surface water and groundwater.
Compared to before, sales are very different.
The KSU leader, Bah Thabah, said it is surprising that the Government of India is silent on the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in Meghalaya.
In a statement sent by the Chairman of the Forum, Rev Batkupar Dunai, he said that the MUCF believes that every day is a day blessed by God, but Sunday is a day of grace. holy and special, which the faithful go to worship in churches except for some of these churches which worship on other days.
JOWAI: The All Jaintia Hills Union, Jaintia Hills has opened a shop selling food items and a cash register.
Although I was not with her as a junior in the Court, I used to visit her Chamber many times to discuss many matters during my time as a lawyer.
If such persons are found, the Village shall punish them according to the Village Rules and Regulations and shall hand them over to the Government Authorities.
Until they don't have any food left even to cook, for months they have to eat wild sohlah, wild pashor, pathaw leaves and lungsiej which they call ka plung.
Lakmon Talang requested the police to investigate thoroughly and track down the people involved in this crime and punish them according to the law.
The VPP on Thursday submitted a petition to the government demanding the suspension of the Reservation Policy while the party has not yet amended the Reservation Policy. hours to the government.
The organizers said that for the big tournament, the prize money will be 4 lakh tyngka and there will also be another smaller tournament with a prize money of 50,000 tyngka.
The KSU has decided to monitor the situation of Namdong PHC and will inform the health department to provide all the necessary facilities.
He said that the reason why many parts of Meghalaya have been included in Assam is because in such areas, other ethnic groups have lived. He was a Khasi and gave the example of the lands of Meghalaya which fell under the Raid Marwet and the lands of the Hima Nongspung went to Assam.
It is strictly prohibited to threaten, throw stones, damage houses or property by any person in Mowkaiaw Constituency.
Bah John Lyngdoh expressed his anger at the behavior of these soldiers, especially the exploitation during the lockdown.
It is to be recalled that on July 29, 2018, the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills District have come to the same village to cut down many trees and clear the ground for the construction of the Out Post. After the Assam Police completed the demolition of the camp, a meeting was held at the Waheh Shnong Psiar in the presence of the Waheh Shnongs of Khatkasla and Moolaber, MLA Nujorki Sungoh, MDC, Dolloi Raliang Elaka, Rikut Parien, former JSU leader and others.
India is now the world's largest smartphone data consumer.
If they do not comply, they shall not return to the state within two years.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 888, including 400 cases in East Khasi Hills, of which 379 are civilians.
PC.This rule came into force from 10 pm on the 12th of this month.
The one who has knowledge or the one who is stupid and poor.
Nongpoh: To promote the pig farming industry in the state, the state government through the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, has opened a new Nucleus Pig Farm at Kyrdemkulai village in Ri Bhoi District.
Doctors said that no country in the world has lost 382 doctors like India and if the government does not know the doctors who have died from this disease, The Epidemic Act 1897 and the Disaster Management Act show that they have no responsibility to fight against the disease. This disease and the insult to the families of those who died in the fight against corona virus.
Meanwhile, in November, there will be a joint inspection of the border areas to hear from the border residents.
Now, the state government, like other states and union territories, has organized this program under the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav.
Shillong, July 07: All the coke factories in Meghalaya have been closed down, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday.
There were 24 exhibition stalls exhibiting handicrafts and products by small and medium enterprises and through Cooperative Societies of Jaintia Hills, including handicrafts. from the trees, the handmade clothes, the umsoh, the ngab, the soybeans, the flowers, the soh and others.
Wah Niangleng falls under Sohra constituency while Laitkroh falls under Mawphlang constituency.
Nongpoh: U Bah Banbuhai Makdoh, Leader of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri Bhoi District (SRSRBD), on Tuesday said that the Union wants the government to appoint one of the MLAs in the list of Ministers in Ri Bhoi District. and those who are involved in this year's coalition government.
The report also estimated that the population of the United States would grow to 340 million, ranking third after India and China.
Besides these, the SEC has also selected and appointed 12 other members to assist in the work of the Commission, Sangma told reporters after a meeting to review and discuss the Commission.
“It has happened that during these months, the consumption of electricity is very high due to the consumption of electricity and the longer nights, the reasons that lead to the increase in electricity bills,” he said. In this regard, MeCEL requests the consumers if they have any doubts about the current electricity bill, please contact the Assistant Executive Engineer, Revenue Sub-Division, to receive enlightenment, and not to seek enlightenment from the bill gate.
At the same time, the Dorbar urged all the 58 MDCs elected in JHADC and KHADC to take measures to amend the laws especially for the 53 + 1 Hima/Elaka, in Khasi Hills and 18 +1 Elaka in Jaintia Hills, which will be the stieh for the children of thousands in this age where they speak only of laws and rules.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Mohan Pegu, who was raped by Angelbeth Lyngdoh Nongpiur, said that on Saturday night at 11:15 pm, Angelbeth came in a Maruti car. Zen style (ML05-F-1977) for your home.
William Tyndale spoke and made the Bible known to the public and the common people.
In her journey to find the truth, she finds things that blow her away.
Returning to Garo Hills, the party leader said he left this task to the wisdom of the TMC Parliamentary Party Leader, Dr. Mukul Sangma.
It is not known whether in the more remote areas of the market, they do what is right.
The site has been maintained by the Laitmawsiang Village since 2010 and was inaugurated by the Chief Minister this year during the Laitmawsiang Festival. It is not because of the lack of production and in many cases it also affects the budget of the village.
Bah Sniawbhalang's visit to Bijou Cinema was after seeing on social media the excitement of the audience who came to watch the film from the 6th to the 8th March 2023 until the family members of Bijou Cinema. he and he had to take time on Sunday evening to sit on the balcony where the public used to sit.
EGH, who tied first, scored 114/7 in 20 overs with Aristho R Marak 41 and Jemilson Marngar 3/2
In the fighting, the Taliban chief in Banu district was shot dead along with three of his followers.
He said that the children when they are in school should have faith and confidence in themselves by working hard and succeeding in their studies and should not put their problems in front of them and say they can't. because teachers and parents also believe and rely on the ability of children through hard work rather than perseverance.
“I have met Khasi scientists working abroad in Europe, we have a Khasi who is the Chief Election Commissioner of India, they say, go to your village, they are still thinking of becoming chowkidar.
Speeches were delivered by some of the families who have experienced this incident who told about what they have experienced and speeches were delivered by the Rangbah Shnong and Riew Rangbah, Dr.C.Lyngdoh, MLA who expressed his condolences to all the families affected by the natural disasters.
The re-election of these two leaders came after the Election Committee had checked all the documents after the completion of the filing of nomination papers for various posts.
He said that the Society has done its utmost to provide tin sop peng to those families whose houses have been damaged by the cold weather.
Without going back too far, the twentieth century witnessed the horrors of violence and murder in Germany by those who claimed to belong to a superior race within the Hitler's leadership.
On the other hand, the HYC demands that the police and the officers who failed to arrest the police should be punished.
“This act has embarrassed the state leaders and this is why this MLA will be punished,” said Dr. Jemino.
The program was organized by the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE), Jowai in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Jowai on the 10th of July at HK Singh Memorial Secondary School Jowai.
He said that the donation has been handed over to the beneficiaries through check so that they can deposit it directly into their accounts and the distribution by check will bring transparency in the distribution of schemes to the people.
There will be up to 14 rooms for election and one room will be for each constituency.
So he went to study Theology and is now a pastor.
“...with a strict vigilance to avoid such illegal activities, the administration has banned the collection of illegal money from shops and others and will be punished immediately if found,” said the Deputy Commissioner, RM Kurbah.
The affected farmers include Branli Marwein, Tholing Kharlyngdoh, Ispilian Mawlieh, Eldaris Thongni and others.
Ksan said that the body was identified by his wife.
The tournament, known as the United Professional Boxing Club, is organized by the United Professional Boxing Fight Club, a group under the auspices of the Indian Boxing Council. There are 2 matches scheduled and 2 matches in which these two youngsters of the State will take part.
The opening of the Arts Stream is only the beginning and other streams such as Science and Commerce should be followed, said Bah Titos.
Shillong, July 9: Many coal traders and coal owners who attended the hearing of the National Green Tribunal held today at the Meghalaya High Court, but after the hearing, , it was seen that the coal traders have changed their minds and are very angry over the decision to ban the mining of coal in the state.
The investigation was conducted by an MPS of the Crime Branch Police Station in Tura.
In his farewell speech, PD Sangma, in his last farewell speech, praised the promptness of the officers and all the staff of the DC office, who have given their support and cooperation with him to carry out the work. He has been appointed as ADC and In-Charge DC of the District for the past 10 years.
When asked, the Minister said, “The situation is peaceful and we don't see the HNLC as our enemy or the people to worry about. will also be announced in the Republic Day speech.
NEIGRIHMS, today clarified that there is a false news, which has been published, regarding the recruitment of up to 200 nurses at the hospital.
Ma Thombor Shiwat said that the JHADC needs about Rs 42 crore for the payment of salaries to the employees of the JHADC. He said that this is the second time that the leaders of the JHADC have come to meet the Prime Minister. On the other hand, the CEM of JHADC, said that he has directed Conrad K Sangma to release about Rs 7 crore per month and the Meghalaya government should understand that the JHADC You are entitled to advance payment.
Riyo Myrshiang arrested him and took him to the Phramer Police Station, but as soon as he arrived at the police station before getting out of the car, he ran away. With the help of the people especially the VDPs of Phramer village, he was arrested by the police.
So far, 25 people who have returned and have been tested at Mariani, have tested positive.
The 16-year-old assisted Gavi Paez to score Barcelona's first goal and also assisted Robert Lewandowski's goal and Barcelona won the title.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has received six nominations for the post of Chairperson and a decision will be taken. that's it.
Shillong: The Chairman of the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) will lead the inquiry into the murder of Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma today said.
Phrangki Buam scored the first goal for Lajong from outside the box in the 55th minute.
And why don't we ask these legislators the right questions when they come to us to elect them? Ask yourself this question – Is there an MLA who is poor and doesn't even have a house? However, the voters do not have even a single small house.
Sixkiru Lyngdoh scored the first goal of the match in the 32nd minute.
“With the aim of bringing the government closer to the people, the Cabinet meetings will be held in different districts,” Conrad K Sangma said in a tweet.
India's struggle against illiteracy has two meanings.
Therefore, it should be understood that these things are only for the purpose of meeting the requirements of governance.
On the allegation of frequent visits of MDCs to Delhi, Pyniaidsing Syiem said that yesterday, the opposition used to ask whether the EC members used to visit the bills, but now They also alleged that the money to the Council is the reason why we have to go to Delhi.
He said that before this Rs 391 crore, the central government had already released Rs 49 crore.
In this regard, the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare is conducting a thorough investigation to find out the root cause of these people's illness after eating with “It's been a long time since I've been killed,” he added.
The body of former Minister of State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh was buried in Sohiong on Friday, amidst mourning and mourning. Maheh, whom they used to love, and whom they hoped would be re-elected as MLA in the 2023 MLA elections.
People with this condition may also experience fatigue and restlessness.
Shillong, July 19: U Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Gohain, on Tuesday denied that the Central Government will suspend the construction of the railway line due to the opposition of the civil society. to carry out this project to extend the railway to Shillong.
This was stated by Bah Banteidor at the opening ceremony of the office of the APSTA Mawkynrew Unit at Lad Kharang on 21st November,
As soon as the Hynniew Pansngiat of the Hynniew Hima arrived, the world, under the leadership of Syiem Iakriah, the Law, which was the distributor, convened the first dorbar to teach how to eat, how to drink, how to drink. farm, how to farm, through the law of “Earn Right".
However, even in the midst of the sorrow and the struggle, there is also hope, because there are also young people who have fallen into such a drink, now they have begun to surprise people until they dare to come forward, to play chess. that they want to change and be free from the bondage of alcohol.
During the visit, he also spoke on the development of tourism between Meghalaya and Bangladesh and to improve the roads to promote tourism. close relations not only with Meghalaya but also with the states of North East India as well.
He said that the Seng is not against the Government's plan to hold the festival but the Seng does not want to hide the nature of the Kynshi River because outsiders do not know the truth.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the relatives of Victoria said that the police have not provided CCTV footage of the incident while she was at Dispur Police Station and International Hospital. They wanted to see the truth about what happened to Victoria when she was there.
On this occasion, Bah B.H.Syiemïong also spoke on the issue of land and how to develop for the purpose of financial allocation the products of this Hima which are entitled to be received within the Hima Langrin. and many other decisions which could not be approved by the thousands of children of the Hima who came to this Dorbar.
With this victory, PSG have 27 points from 12 games and are top of the table, while Reims have 20 points from 12 games and are top of the table. the fourth.
It has caused grief to the people of Garo Hills because the denial of rightful benefits is a betrayal of a part of the jaidbynriew.
When asked whether this will be the last meeting of the HCL, he said he cannot say whether it will be the last meeting, as the documents in this regard will be brought to the meeting. meeting.
In the incident, the storm destroyed the house of Kong Daplin Marbaniang, the shop of Bah Preciousstone Tariang and many other houses.
At the ceremony held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong, Brig.
The athletes cannot forget what the government has done for them when the MDA government under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma together with the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs has released the fee. scholarships and awards for those athletes who win medals in various sports.
“This is good to compare with the state government's forest definition,” said Bah Marwein.
Meanwhile, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that the elections in 2023 will be different from the previous years because in the previous years there was a lack of participation of the youth and in the preparation. Many young people have come forward to take part in the 2023 elections.
This was announced by the Minister of Home Affairs, Lahkmen Rymbui in reply to a question by the MLA of Umroi Constituency on the peace and order in the state.
At the trial, Helen Giri said, “Thomas Jones was demanded to pay money to the English and the court staff and if he could not pay, he was ridiculed and said destroy him” (Greek:58).
He said that the reason for the increase in the price of cows from Khanapara is the influx of unknown cow buyers to the market. He said that most of the buyers of cows are those who smuggle them to Bangladesh.
of India, has launched Dr. Ambedkar Centers of Excellence (DACE) in 31 Central Government Universities to provide adequate training to Scheduled Caste students to compete in the competition. Shillong, November 11: NEHU has signed a memorandum of understanding with DAF on 23rd June 2022 to launch the DACE at NEHU. Shillong, November 11: The UDP candidate for the 17th North Shillong Constituency, Dr Aman War on Saturday said that the UDP's achievement in this constituency has been a challenge for the UDP because of the people of Shillong. North Shillong has decided to send to the Legislative Assembly a person who has knowledge and responsibility for the people. you serve.
The brave and courageous spirit of the Khun Khasi Khara is also a sign to show to the authorities that they should no longer treat the people like children, it is no longer time to deceive them with various tricks. but to do according to the will of the people.
The AMKA leader said the group accepts the JACBoM's proposal to negotiate through consensus.
The meeting was also attended by all the leading leaders of the NPP including National Vice President Bah Prestone Tynsong, other leaders including members of the National Committee and Presidents of State Units.
The inspection was conducted following the order of the Meghalaya High Court under the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 2017. Dr.IN Tariang was also present on the occasion. DVO, Dr M Pyngrope, Bah R Kharkamni, Secretary Nongpoh Town Committee and others.
Nongpoh: For the first time, the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, have been able to celebrate the Independence Day in a proper manner and that is, after the Ri Bhoi Sepngi, It has been completed in the Patharkhmah Civil Sub-Division.
At the awards ceremony, individual awards were presented to the players who played the best, scored the most goals and the best goalkeeper of the tournament.
On the other hand, AICC Media Coordinator Mathew Antony said that the Congress is the only party for the people of Meghalaya.
The people did not understand this, but they believed because they were sorry from the bottom of their hearts.
According to the information received, there are more than 26 vacancies in 8 Community and Rural Block Development in East Khasi district,” said B Thabah who passed the examination.
She said the government wants to find out the root cause of the incident and to find out the truth about the actions committed by the members of the Sengbhalang against these women, the work of the DC, police and others. in connection with this matter.
The rally was held in Western Ribhoi at Patharkhmah village in the presence of thousands of people.
To highlight the bilateral relations between India and Japan, Japanese Ambassador to India, Hiroshi Suzuki met with Governor of Meghalaya Phagu Chauhan at Raj Bhavan in Shillong today.
In this regard, the Zonal Selection Committee has discussed the performance of the women players in the BCCI tournament from 2022-23 and 2023-2 can make decisions and select 15 names for the playlist.
It is learned that some of the people who saw the incident and shouted at the truck to stop and the driver of the truck also stopped the vehicle and stopped at the truck. However, after the village authorities informed the police, the police came to arrest the driver.
Conrad was accompanied by NPP MLAs, two BJP MLAs Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek and Baghmara MLA Kartush R Marak.
Not only that, the spread of these photographs, prompted the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to write on Twitter, “I have seen the photographs, which belong to the residence of the I'm playing in Shillong.
“Many churches have been attacked and Christians have been attacked, these incidents have happened in Chhattisgarh, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh and many other states.
This proves that the Lord Jesus came to Kashmir, India when he was 10 years old.
The main reason why the Israelites have not yet received a Temple is because the time has not yet come when Jesus said – “Ye shall neither in this mountain nor in Jerusalem worship the Father. John 4:2
Most of the patients who come to this hospital for treatment and delivery are from rural areas as it belongs to the government.
D.Nongrum said that the committee has tried to get information from the Hima on how many foreigners there are, but the Hima has not been able to provide information, but according to the lists that the committee has received. It was found that there are about 1000 foreigners who have settled in Majai.
The meeting was also attended by the Principal Secretary Prestone Tynsong and the Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma.
For the complete Khasi words, let the linguists, scholars help to explain, if these explanations are not enough).
Speaking as the chief guest, the MLA said that many parents prefer to send their children to private schools and refuse to send them to government schools because they see that they Private schools are more enjoyable and more disciplined.
We don't know how peace will come to Manipur.
There is no need to read too much, all who see but the time says: “Niom la ka ñiom.
Special Invitee Robert G Lyngdoh, former Minister of State, was also present.
In the past few days, during the inspection of the villages in the Ri Lyngngam area, it was found that there are still many villages in the area which do not have roads and food items such as rice. , flour, flour etc. were delivered to the villages on horseback.
Bah Ardent also praised the Mawlangwir for organizing the awarding of the big prize which is one of the biggest awards in the state.
The NCB today arrested four persons in connection with the seizure of drugs from a ship off the coast of Mumbai. Earlier, including Aryan Khan.
Man is not a social animal even though man lives together in society.
Shillong, June 5: Earlier, the government announced that it will open the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division and Mawlai C&RD Block in June this year. “I just phoned Dr Mukul Sangma and he said he hasn't set a date,” said Witting.
This year, the focus is on strengthening sanitation and disposal of old waste in the villages.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Chairman of the Jowai Municipal Board, LD Lakiang.
They demanded that Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang, who is known as one of the perpetrators of the rape of a child, should be arrested immediately and Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh, whose son's hotel, should be arrested immediately. it has appeared that he is ready to do this work, he must step down.
That is why Jesus foretold – “Verily, verily, I say unto you, Ye shall not have gone over the cities of Israel, till the Son of man be come” Matthew. 10:23.
Meghalaya is the first state in the country to launch the Early Childhood Development Mission to ensure that we can address the problem of child malnutrition which is one of the reasons why we are in the top position. The Sustainable Development Goals Index.
Now because of you and Panah I don't know what to say or do.
Bah Enshon is an actor who has promoted Khasi films since he acted as a father in the films Kamon Ba Jwat, Hep, Onaatah, Ïewduh and also as a biria actor in the Seng Biria U Khasi ( END).
According to witnesses, there was no one in the vehicle at the time of the collision.
Shillong, Naitung 17: Father Sylvannus Sngi Lyngdoh, the first Sohblei of Mawbri Parish, who is also known as Father Sngi Lyngdoh, has been consecrated by the Father Sngi Lyngdoh. Sohliya, Mawbri Parish.
Daniel Khyriem, former KSU President Rueben Najiar, SS Niangti CEC Members, SS Niangti CEC Members, Pynshai Dkhar and others were also present at the ceremony. On the same day, the KSU South West Khasi Hills District has established and confirmed three KSU Myriem Unit, KSU Laitumsaw Unit and KSU Mawhiang Unit.
The president of the Seng said that according to the RTI reply, many of these employees of the SMB have been appointed without the release of the advertisement.
The zoo covers an area of ​​72 hectares in Umtrew.
The residents of Baridua, said that regarding the post of Rangbah Shnong in Baridua and through this public meeting, they will send and demand from the KHADC to appoint and appoint a Rangbah Shnong who they are not complete and they are not involved with the people.
In addition, the village is surrounded by rivers and lyhuh bah from the east, west and south.
I feel sorry and understand that in our constituency there are still many like this,” he said.
The Housing Board was established in 1986 with the aim of providing loans especially to those from the rural areas, poor and low income people to build their own houses.
Kolkata: The Enforcement Directorate on Saturday seized Rs 17 crore from a company that manufactures mobile gaming apps. their counting is not complete.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya has been appointed as the President of the Meghalaya District Council at a meeting held at its chamber on 27th March.
He urged the residents of the state to be careful of the environment in the field of herbal medicines which are the treatment of people when they are sick.
There has been an argument that the government should not do business because it will not be able to manage it and that the best thing to do is to leave it to the private sector or non-governmental organizations to manage so that the work will go smoothly.
We have the right to express our disagreement with the Government or to express our views freely.
He also spoke to experts, retired officers and various people in the past two days on the ways and means for the restoration of peace.
The first case at the secretariat was reported on November 2,
Nongpoh Traffic Police rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng, has decided that from 5th January 2021, it will welcome tourists, who like to visit and stay, as usual, at Wah Umngot Shnongpdeng. .
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The State Government today approved to suspend the up-front payment of T.1 lakh per megawatt to the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO).
Even MPs are citizens like us, and they need security as everyone else should.
Government offices, sports grounds, music venues, cinemas, markets and all schools and educational institutions were closed and suspended.
As part of the welcome ceremony, Phanidhar Baruah and Manab Deka said that the visit of these youths will strengthen the work of the BJP. The bridge in Mawkaton village in West Khasi Hills which also connects the Mawkaton-Nongstoiñ road has started collapsing and collapsing in parts of the bridge.
The Pastor said that his group strongly opposes the provisions of the bill and said that if it has not been introduced in the Rajya Sabha, it is also the custom of Sohra to congratulate all those who oppose it. The Bill will be passed by the government especially to the various political parties.
After this, she was taken to the COVID ICU for treatment.
Furthermore, the union said that the Civil Hospital, Nongstoiñ, although it is a district which is 46 years old, but the facilities inside the hospital are still very low in terms of doctors who have been trained. training, nurses, staff, lack of Intensive Care Unit (ICU) and other requirements.
Food itself is a great medicine that gives health if we know how to eat properly for our body.
The Governor also inspected the Border Out Post (BOP) of the 4th Battalion Border Security Force (BSF) at Dawki. to strengthen security in the border areas.
The incident happened at 9:00 AM this morning and the vehicle was driven by Coldbiness Kharraswai, 24 years old. The cause of the accident at the time of writing of this news is not yet known.
One tourist said that he actually expected to see a sense of tradition among the locals, but they were completely Western, especially the youngsters.
The Mylliem MLA said he will convene a public meeting in the area to discuss the eradication of all evil deeds.
The program was conducted by Bah K.Passah, Assistant Director Sports & Youth Affairs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Minister of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, said that it is true that the Dorbar Shnong has terminated the agreement and a letter has been sent to the Sports Department. the state.
Latiplang said the order came from the Panchayat Ministry which has passed through the C&RD Block.
“If you look at the page, you will see that their claim is right, but when you look at the history, you will know the history,” said Bah Thangkhiew. “I don't agree with the give and take policy, but if the root cause is known, how can the give and take policy come out?” he said.
According to police sources, while the policemen were on their way, they found that some children from Ranikor were blocking the road of the police vehicle. they were ordered to let go of the rope.
They have found only a cure called “Shongkhop ha la jong, do not gather in public, do not wear a handkerchief when sneezing or coughing, avoid going to urban areas, do not drink alcohol, do not sleep anymore. to shake hands or to shake hands with others, hands should be cleaned with soap often, if a stranger comes to the village should call 108, should no longer visit patients in hospitals. is so small that we cannot see with our eyes what is known as a virus.
Under the leadership of the President, Bah BP Thangkhiew, the District Council Affairs (DCA) has requested the Department to include the provisions of the VAB which have been deleted from the old draft. of the 2014 VAB.
With this victory, Ladrymbai have qualified for the Super Division next season.
Other states like Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Mizoram, Rajasthan and Telangana will have to go their own way as these states will soon hold their Assembly elections this year.
Regarding the Assam government's plan to start implementation of these construction projects in these villages, the RBYF leader expressed his deep sorrow over the Assam government's disregard for the soskular agreed. and the Government of Meghalaya, especially the DCs of Ri Bhoi District and West Karbi Anglong, who have discussed that for the time being, the implementation of development works in those border areas should be suspended. postpone.
On the other hand, the Joint Director of MBOSE, Bah M. Marbaniang, said that there are 132 students who have failed to take the SSLC examination. They have to quarantine themselves because they are in close contact with those infected with COVID-1
The Chief Guest also urged the Seng Kynthei and the Village Authority of Jaïaw Langsning to work together to eradicate drugs especially to explain to the youth not to fall into the trap of drug trafficking. his.
Almost everyone from the sinful to the righteous suffers from diseases.
The office bearers of the Hill Farmer Union Mukhla Nongrim Unit are Janra Sari President, Kor Sari Vice President, Supply Sari Secretary, Hamthaba Suna Treasurer and Executive Members including Iadron Sari, Vice President, Supply Sari Secretary, Hamthaba Suna Treasurer. Licton Talang, Chalanki Sari, Sor Sumer and Roland Sari.
There are also issues that they have promised too much even which cannot be implemented in this world just to convince the voters.
“There is still an invitation for me to come back but on my part, I have decided to go ahead and there should be no feeling,” he told reporters. on Wednesday.
If the contractors fail to complete on time, the union leaders will meet with the EE of PWD department to urge him to do whatever is necessary for the contractors. who cannot complete the work properly within the time limit set by the government.
Lion Sports and Youth Affairs scored 181 runs for the loss of seven wickets in 28.4 overs.
He said that as an MLA, he will continue to cooperate and take action to address the problems of the people especially in the health department and he hopes that the ambulance will be completed. has been released to the public to provide adequate services for the needs of the public.
Another project is the construction of a muri from Bishnupur Taxi Stand to Bathesda Hospital, Upper Kench's Trace at a cost of T.2,41,50,6 road in front of Art & Culture in Rilbong to Umshyrpi PWD Road, Rilbong at a cost of T.1,98,30,7
On the VPP's statement that there is no need to comment on the Reservation Policy, the UDP leader said, “We as the party have spoken on this issue and put it in the election manifesto. , we are pleased to send our recommendations to the Committee headed by Kong Ampareen, as decided at the meeting of all political parties.
Shillong, Nailar 1: The Mawphanlur Integrated Village Co. Ltd (WVDC) has held a tree planting program on the 29th of November, as part of the efforts to improve the beauty and preservation of this village.
The Sport Club has taken this step to donate to the family as part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Pyndengrei Social and Cultural Sports Club.
The injured were identified as Sonu Singh of 34 Bn CRPF from Rajasthan, Indra Kumar of Bihar, Sunil Kumar of 34 Bn CRPF, Dillip Kumar of Bihar, Siprul Haque of Silchar. Yugraj Singh of Manipur was not injured in the incident.
The 1st Memorial (L) Rowell Lyngdoh Knockout Football Tournament 2022 will be held at four zones in Mawkyrwat Constituency.
According to witnesses, the taxi was coming from Nongstoin with the intention of heading to Umlieh when it arrived at the scene. , has driven very fast and has taken a pass over a vehicle passing in front, but due to the speed of the taxi, the driver of the taxi has lost control and has crashed into the vehicle. A Sumo coming from Shillong was heading slowly on its side.
Shillong, October 3: The Assam government has continued to invade the border with Meghalaya and recently installed electricity poles at New Balakhawa village, Nongspung Syiemship, Ri Bhoi District.
All the teams are made up of male and female players in five age groups.
The temporary shelter is located at Sabahmuswang WJHD, which will be managed by the Society for Urban & Rural Empowerment (SURE) with the financial assistance of the Directorate of Social Welfare of the State Government.
Shillong, November 29: The HSPDP has suspended two MDCs, Bah LG Nongsiej and Morningstar Mawsor, despite the deadline for their resignation from the ruling People's Democratic Forum (PDF) and to ask for forgiveness within fifteen days is over.
“Look I don’t want to feel like nobody, I don’t own the place.
“However, the MCTA, which is ready and willing to work for the betterment of education, looks forward to a constructive and balanced dialogue and has decided at its emergency EEC meeting to accept this invitation,” said the General Secretary.
It is alleged that the students did not have the opportunity to sit for the subject of this teacher in the mid-year examination because no one had prepared the questions for them to write the examination.
“Some of the teachings of morality include that you must not lie, you must not steal, you must not steal, you must not steal, you must not fight, you must not kill, you must not to love one another, to love one another, to love one another, to love one's parents, to love one's brothers and sisters, to be humble, to love and help the poor; to bring peace in the society and the country and to live in peace with others,” said the ATCCC. but the Christian Churches do not force or ask people to convert or change your religion.
Shillong: Heavy rainfall is expected in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
When there are two types of courts in the same place, isn't it the duty of the legislators to arrange and think carefully before issuing any decision through Notifications lest there be conflict in the authorities?” he asked. The HYC said that with the decision of the Government to implement these rules, the Kashari Shnong and Raid will have to appoint Judges who have completed their legal studies because the rules in this Act are She also asked who will pay the salaries of the village courts, raid himas and so on to pay the salaries if the judges are appointed by those who have completed their law studies.
When asked about the payment of electricity bills, the Waheh Shnong said, “As you can see, the MeECL department has been building electricity bills for many months, that's why the electricity bills are high. I would like to request the MeECL department to please do the billing for the electricity bill. Regarding the problem of drinking water, the Waheh Shnong said that the electricity bill will not be too high for the consumers. The Public Health Engineering (PHE) department has struggled as much as possible to install water pipes, but The water cannot rise to the village, the villagers have to walk for about 20-30 minutes to fetch water from the wells on the outskirts of the village to get drinking water. He requested the PHE department to think of another way, to introduce a Rain Water Harvesting Project in the village. “This rainwater collection will help the villagers,” said the Waheh. Village.
“We have not had the opportunity to discuss the issues affecting the people due to the short time and for that reason, we feel that it is appropriate to bring in the NC to stir up the government,” he said. Mr. Ardent said.
He said that each place should have 3 (three) Mawthung and one Mawtheng.
The children are from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills including Khliehriat, Pynursla, Kynrud and other places.
There are 27 recoveries from the disease.
Other MDCs who will join the party are Jansing Tynsong, Victor Rani and others.
“We feel that the road from Sohra Market to Saitsohpen should be recognized and the house of Soso Tham should be declared a heritage but I cannot decide because we will discuss it with the kur,” said Lorel.
Speaking on the issue of pomdieng, coal mining, mining and shyiap mining, Ardent said that the nation is in trouble. The contract work and the supply work have been done by the Ministers, MLAs, Government officials. Shillong, November 12: The Meghalaya SSA School Teachers Association (MSSA) has launched a campaign against SSA teachers in the state under the banner of the HSPDP. MSSASTA) have been angry with the Congress-led MUA-II government and have accused it of insulting them by not releasing their salaries for three months.
“You are the leaders who can lead us to that goal of eradicating TB and saying that we can end TB by 2025,” she said.
Eating rynsun daily can reduce cholesterol levels as well as blood sugar levels.
Meghalaya Police from West Jaintia Hills today clashed with Assam Police after they planned to build a Border Police Outpost at Jurim Biam, Psiar (Block-1) about 4 km away. It is located 10 kilometers from Khat Kasla village on the Umkhyrmi-Mokoilum road bordering West Karbi Anglong, Assam.
This happens because in society there are people who take advantage and try to follow like those wise men who are able to pray, to judge, to count, to sacrifice, even when neither do they know, because they do it only to gain unfair advantage from the people.
It is worth mentioning that the notice of dismissal was issued on October 31, 2015.
On this occasion, Bah E.Lynshiang, District Disaster Management Officer, South West Khasi Hills District, gave the welcome speech.
The passengers were Asians and Arabs.
In a statement, the ICFAI said that the university has taken all necessary measures to ensure that peace and order will return to the campus in Agartala and classes have resumed from today. day.
He said the BJP's motto is 'India First, Party Second, Self Last'
Chairman Tormalin R Yadbon, President Raymond Mawthoh, Vice President Bludin Kharkongor, General Secretary R Synrem, Asst Secretary Lewis Nongbri, Finance Secretary Maswell Kharumnuid, Publicity Secretary Firstborn W Kharumnuid, Org Secretary Aiboklang Swet, Social & Cultural Secretary Erto Mawlong, Discipline Secretary Awre Shabong, Sports Secretary Kitbok Nongbri and Asstt Sports Secretary Fabian Nongsteng and 12 Executive members.
Shillong, Lber 26: U GP Ranikor Circle General Secretary GG Bung Snaitang, while speaking at the candidate announcement meeting of the UDP Ranikor Circle held at Nongnah village, has strongly criticized the Congress party which has led the Ranikor constituency for the past 20 years. years now.
She was admitted for COVID-19, septic shock, paraplegia, polymyositis and kidney injury.
Condemning the meeting on Saturday which decided to remove him from the post of president of the UDP Mawlai Circle, Embhah said that this is only an attempt to insult the MLA. He is the MDC of Mawlai Constituency.
He said that the Acting Sordar of Laiseng Sohsarat, Bah S Laloo, who learned of this, went to suspend the NOC of the company.
Therefore, it can be said here that Bah Parlingdon Wanlah has received the full support of many of the people of the village, elderly and young people as well as witnessed by the people who came to accompany him in the future. register with the District Council.
A Short History Page 34Thomas Jone – I (By Rev HE Marbaniang)4
The leaders who walked along this road were from Ranikor, Mawsynram, Mawkyrwat and Mawphlang constituencies.
On the other hand, the KSU Kynsimphlang Unit has given its full support and will cooperate with the KSU Rangthong Unit regarding the government's deadline to send doctors to Rangthong by 2nd July.
Sufola Das, 47, of Tikrikilla, West Garo Hills, was arrested.
Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie has said that he does not agree with the information sent from the office of the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly regarding the debate scheduled for the 15th of this month. Nailur but was rejected as it was still under investigation and the Lamphang's rejection of the debate from the Legislative Assembly was after the Government sent a letter on the advice of the Advocate General. matter is currently under investigation.
The celebration of Tirot Singh Day only by giving holidays and holding meetings is not enough to celebrate the name and work of Tirot Singh as a great man of the Khasi people.
Because it is reported that some people carry mobile phones during the exam, this does not give confidence to the job seekers.
Shillong: The BJYM Meghalaya has burnt a portrait of Navjot Singh, MP from Punjab, over his protest against the visit of Pakistani Army Chief Col.
“This is the time of Christmas, New Year and renewal fees or the renewal of school fees for children. “We, the BJP, urge the CEM as the Leader of the House to take action on this issue,” said Ma Lakhon Biam, BJP Leader and former Chairman of JHADC. Nongpoh: U MDC Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, today inaugurated the Pre Primary School at Umkei Village, which he helped to build a new school. This school is very bad.
It was reported that 50 percent of the respondents said that they received the head of the money, while 68 percent admitted that they received the head of the money, although it was not so. .
In his speech, Bah Staising Kharbteng as the Chief Guest reminded the students that sports activities are the foundation stone to have a spirit of cooperation as a team and this will help to develop the spirit of cooperation in the society. also, it helps the students to demonstrate their leadership skills, discipline in various fields.
Km was handed over to Assam.
On Monday night, Fayval posted a picture, which said that these colorful drugs contain about 100 milligrams of tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and this will seriously affect those who children who eat this kind of bad food.
On the other hand, the employees showed a letter sent to MeECL since 2018 for the connection of street lights which have been installed on the highway and regarding the footpaths they have already sent a letter to MeECL. DC office.
Therefore, whoever wants to receive power from God, must believe and accept that Jesus is the Son of God by believing in the Word of God because in the Word of God, there is a God, the Apostle Peter received this power of miracles because he believed and accepted.
He said that they are not in a hurry to say anything to take to the people because the government has already provided shading, which they are confident that the Governor will do what is necessary.
Do you have anything to say about the country and the nation?
“Now the market has opened, those who want to go to the market do not go until the market is closed...it has become like the Khasi saying – 'Khleiñ la thang, jwat la bam',” said the President.
It has many hills, rivers, beautiful forests and many natural resources but due to the lack of resources this natural resources have been destroyed.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Circle led by President Samla Laitphar Syngkrem together with General Secretary Samla Lurman B. Talang and Finance Secretary Samla Kindly Khyriem on Tuesday met with the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District. Madam JU Kharpuri, Sub Division Officer (Civil), Amlarem, has been appointed as the Block Development Officer (Civil).
After a while, Bah Pon Shabong has resigned from the post of Acting Sordar in the office of the Syiem of Sohra and the Raid has been without a ruler. They said that the Syiem has appointed Ngen Khongshei as Acting Sordar from his office and Pon as Secretary of the Raid.
He said the UDP's goal is to eradicate drugs and reduce the mortality of mothers and newborns and others.
This is the most widely grown plant in Assam.
They also demanded that foreign shops should be revoked trading license if they continue to cut kilos of agricultural products illegally and that an order should be issued not to charge tax for agricultural products weighing less than 30 kilos. die in Judah.
The following names are for athletes who have not yet been notified to the Meghalaya State Olympic Association and are requested to call the Office of the District Sports Officer of their District or of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, which is located at the JN Stadium, Polo Shillong.
In the video, it was shown that soldiers in St. Petersburg fired bombs at the prisoners and seriously injured them.
Bieber said Ramsay Hunt disease weakens the muscles and affects the ear and blood vessels and kills part of the body.
Chandrasekhar tweeted that he had gone to Delhi to attend a parliamentary committee meeting on 10th November 2020, but had quarantined for nine days after an employee died. you have covid
The program was concluded with the distribution of certificates to all the participants by Bah F. Rumnong, State NSS Officer, Shillong.
“The basis for our stand is to follow up on this issue and we believe that the government will create the necessary mechanisms,” he said.
Dohling said the report has been handed over to the Mylliem MLA for reading and clarification from the government on the matter.
Syiem has written to the Chief Electoral Officer, State Election Commission of Meghalaya and if they cannot collect these documents, they should cancel their names and assume that they do not have enough documents. leaves.
The Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya also provide assistance for the development of agriculture.
Shillong, Naitung, 16: On the occasion of the Labor Corps Day, Tura MDC Bernard N. Marak, who is also the BJP leader, said that the demand for Tlang in Tura is a demand. you are right.
"In fact, the hatred is not in the heart but in the mind.
And in some others, Christmas is a joyful walk here and there with drinking, eating, drinking, shooting, beating and bad words and so on.
All those working in the tourism service should register in one group to address the challenges and benefits we face and get from this self employment and cottage industries in the tourism sector.
Since Langpih got its own state, it has not been transferred to a new state.
The Diocese of Nongstoin was founded on 28/1/2006 and its first Bishop was Victor Lyngdoh, who is now the Archbishop of Shillong.
He said the NPP has been in Manipur, Assam, Nagaland, Meghalaya and now in Mizoram.
The KSU said that in Shillong, the Khasi community does not have more than 50 percent and if the bill is passed, it means that they will lose their identity completely and will be overwhelmed by foreigners.
He said that Dip said that Tony is not a full member of the BJP, but he has witnesses and documents to prove that he is a member of the BJP. Regarding this, Tony said that he has not lodged a complaint with the BJP leaders as JA Lyngdoh (Dip) is already a leader. He is not in front of the BJP (Vice President) and he has no intention of appealing to the party.
Gold Medalist: Lorenza Songthiang – 54 Kg, Sachin Rai – 48Kg, Elton Skhemlang Swer – 54Kg and Fulab Kanti Barman – 70 Kg.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The plan to complete the T.22 crore shohdoh house at Mawlai Mawiong has not been completed in November this year.
The Minister also gathered all the officers from various government departments at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the Deputy Commissioner's Office in the presence of Arpit Upadhyaya. Prasad Superintendent of Police, Bah M Tongper ADC and others.
Narendra Modi, MRD: Personnel, public grievances and pensions, department of atomic energy, department of space, all important policy issues and other portfolios not allocated to any minister.
It is now necessary to introduce laws and regulations that improve the way we use our land.
Speaking to media, MSOA leaders including Working President John F Kharshiing, Bor Diengdoh, Ian Lyngdoh and others said that the Meghalaya Games is also an opportunity for the athletes in the state. for the 2022 National Games.
With the aim of facilitating the payment of salaries and ensuring timely payment to ASHA workers, the Meghalaya government has launched the ASHA payment mobile application about nine months ago.
Bah Suiñ is already an employee of the UDP party who has his own units and circles. We don't even have units and circles in the UDP.
Head 12.
This shows that Modi is confident that the BJP and the NDA will come back to power next year.
The winners will receive a certificate, trophy and cash prize.
The Run Meghalaya Association has selected Tlanding Wahlang to represent Tlanding Wahlang at the International Association of Ultra Runners (Ultra Runner) which he will take part in on July 8 in Portugal.
In the morning they will take these trees back and plant them in their respective villages.
The order also includes para (vii) and the Computer Section will be directed to take responsibility for this. the responsibility for allocating the subject matter of the case to those Courts or Courts as appropriate.
On Saturday, the water tanker started its work by drawing water from a place in Nongrah village in the presence of the MLA, village officials and others.
The meeting, which was followed by a thorough inspection of Lawmusiang and the premises of the mission compound, led to the implementation of new techniques for traffic jam.
The fire broke out on the top floor of the building in Wellington, near Newtown, on Tuesday morning.
Replying to the allegation by the Director of NEIGHRIMS that some politicians have been bought, Bah Hek said, “I have not been bribed”.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Sawkmie said, “I will not withdraw my name from the party but I will accept the decision of the party who will give the ticket”.
Shillong, June 17: U Minister of C&RD, Bah Hamletson Dohling on Saturday inaugurated the Water Conservation Tank at Mawnianglah Village, East Khasi Hills.
At the same time, the Seng strongly warns that if such incidents continue to happen, the Seng will not hesitate to take other measures as such incidents of violence and killings have happened many times. he whose tribe.
Congratulating the management and staff of the hospital for this 1000th anniversary, Prestone encouraged them to continue to work better in the service of the sick. .
Lyngdoh said that according to the general manager of the company, T.4 lakh has been spent to build the house and T.4.5 lakh to install the transformer.
In a letter to Nadda, Ardent said he has received complaints from the public regarding the refusal to eat meat at the hospital and this has caused anger among the public.
Hockey player who won gold medals at the Olympics for India in 1928, 1932 and
The Meghalaya runners' team said that their participation in the tournament is also to commemorate one of the members of the team who passed away exactly a year ago.
Shillong, March 18: “No one has informed us, it is the duty of the Hima Mylliem to inform us. In response to a question by Rona Khymdeit, the EC has asked whether the District Council is aware of the visit of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
Four MLAs, including recently resigned Trinamool Congress MLA Himalaya Shangpliang, have joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and two resigned MLAs of the National People's Party (NPP). - Ferlin CA Sangma and Benedict Marak and Samuel Sangma, Independent MLA who was formerly an Associate Member of the United Democratic Party.
He said that the NSS Unit Thomas Jones Synod College conducts many kinds of programs and the conduct of such programs opens the door for the students to participate in the society because as the saying goes, education should not end there. in the four corners of the classroom but also in the community.
On the 26th, the ECC has sent a letter to the Chief Minister and the Chief Secretary to issue the order not to close down the coke factories nearby. and the places where people live in the village.
KSU Nongtyngur Unit and KSU South Central East Circle, in collaboration with the Nongtyngur Village Authority, have handed over the Bangladeshi Khar to the Pynursla Police Station. The arrest of a Khasi woman from Donaskur village, East Jaintia Hills by a Bangladeshi man has killed her in a forest area and stabbed her to death. The body was cut off from the hands and neck, an incident which has shocked the people living along the Bangladesh border.
Jowai, March 29: The mining and transportation of coal in East Jaintia Hills and the transportation of coal to Assam continues despite the closure of the Green Court of the National Green Tribunal.
The RBYF Leader said that it is true that the constant increase in petrol and diesel prices has caused a lot of trouble to the drivers and owners of commercial vehicles. that it should reconcile with these leaders of the Union of Drivers in the state.
The temporary suspension of the strike came after the Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, promised to discuss the demands of the teachers only at three Cabinet meetings.
Not only that, but the latest reports say that the District Council Department of the State Government wants that if new constituencies are to be created, it should be done throughout the State and not only. in Khasi or Jaintia Hills District and this will now put pressure on the District Council Affairs, to decide unilaterally, only for the KHADC if it does not cooperate with the JHADC or GHADC.
According to a report published on 23rd March 2023, the Government of Meghalaya has decided to extend the railway line to East Jaintia Hills District, Meghalaya. tyngka and when it comes by railway, the fare will be 500/- per truck and the income of the people will be very high.
He said he was surprised to learn that a family from Chennai had told him that their children were going to school in Shillong.
Zenith is the Minister of State for Sports and has emerged as one of the Congress candidates who could contest this election.
These 17 shops, including grocery stores, clothing stores and others, where the fire broke out while people were sleeping, but they saw it until the fire burned brightly.
These shops will be closed until further notice.
Shillong: The Ultimate Legend Bikers Association (TULBA) Mawlai unit today conducted a cleanliness drive from Mawlai Petrol Pump to Stanbus. The roads are narrow from the petrol pump to the standbus.
Modi will arrive on the 16th and will also deliver a public speech at Polo Ground, inaugurate the new BJP office building at Bivar Road and the Shillong-Nongstoin-Tura road.
On the other hand, UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that according to the party rules, it is the Parliamentary Board of the party that can take the decision.
Six months ago, the same traffic police had repaired this road because it was too bad.
When you bury it, the earth swallows up all the weeds.
It is to be recalled that the AAP Government in Delhi under the leadership of Arvind Kejriwal as the Prime Minister, has taken great care to improve education and provide health facilities along with other services that the citizens need. to benefit through Government strategies.
He said that it has set up a Cyber ​​Crime Wing to fight against this and to monitor fraud through these modern technologies and also to provide training to the public in this age of internet.
Thus, the total number of Khasi people was 18,43,3
In the second round, Smit College, Shillong will face Kiang Nangbah Govt.
In order to explain to them, it is the duty of the Dorbar Shnong to provide public awareness programs so that they can understand.
The names of these two persons were selected by their association and sent to Rupang for the award.
Tbn.Lorenzo Hastings Challam, resident of Khimusniang, Jowai, passed away on
M.Passah, MPHF President Rotary Club Jowai as the Chairman of the meeting gave the opening remarks in the presence of Rtn.
Ma Lumlangki said that the animal came running into the ground floor of the house and entered the house on the night of 23rd March while they were busy collecting farm equipment and rice bags.
On those who are fighting, he said he has nothing to say to them because his fight is against the problems faced by the people.
Shillong, July 11: The Anti Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) of South Garo Hills on Tuesday seized 256 bottles of phensedyl of 100 ml each and arrested three persons. not held in Gasuapara.
The Latympang Welfare Organization together with the Barato Dorbarshnong would like to extend their special congratulations to the MDA Government and the Local MLA who in the struggle and arrest have been able to shoot the big sier as expected.
Tens of thousands of vehicles have been parked on the Laitumkhrah road in the past 10 days, including those from Jowai.
At the same time, they demanded that the state government should not implement the ILP (Inner Line Permit) in the state by slogan “NO ILP NO REST”.
“We the people of this region should know about the culture and traditional life of other ethnic groups living in the country not only they should know about us because it is through mutual knowledge. the culture of others so that we can bring unity and harmony in the country,” said Conrad.
However, this Act does not include roads, footpaths, wells, bus stands, public transport, power stations, street lights, electric poles, public gardens and parks, schools and hospitals.
“He congratulated the Prime Minister for introducing these programs where the youngsters have had the opportunity to showcase their talents to encourage them to become leaders. of the State and the country as a whole.
In the Women's All Star Game, Team Iairi defeated Team Yolinda.
On the criticism of the central government, the Prime Minister alleged that the NDA government has canceled many programs related to the region which has seriously affected the development.
He said that the residents should have unity to bring about change in the village and that is why Mulum village has become well known in the field of traditional jhur farming.
Paliar said the various units have unanimously entrusted themselves under the leadership of party president Daniel Khyriem and Auguster Jyrwa as general secretary.
Fortunately, the journalist was not injured, as he was wearing a helmet.
Khliehriat, March 16: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
Members of RBYF Nongpoh Circle, led by Samla Y.Nongrum, expressed their sorrow over the violence by the RBYF Nongpoh Circle. The nurse, who had driven away the child without having the spirit of thinking, what would happen if the child was driven away in the middle of the night.
Urging the residents to cooperate, he said that it is only through cooperation and cooperation that the constituency as a whole can move forward.
The Principal Secretary, Health and Family Welfare Department, Sampath Kumar, IAS has issued a Health Guidelines regarding the COVID-19 pandemic in the State on the 2nd of this month.
“Up to 7 companies of CAPF will be involved together with the police to prepare a full plan in consultation with the Deputy Commissioner and SDO. part of the guarding of the Strong Rooms.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Arkin Khonglam Sports Secretary FKJGP Tyrso Circle as the chief guest, Bah Hilary Shadap President FKJGP Tyrso Circle and other dignitaries and members of FKJGP. The opening match of the day was between Mawrathud SC and Nangiaikiew SC in which both the teams showed their skills, but between Mawrathud SC opened the scoring in the 20th minute but Nangiaikiew SC couldn't turn the tide until the end of the second half.
So as agreed, after shet dep tiew, she left the house to go to Daplin's house.
The three districts of Barak Valley, to the east of Assam, share a 164.6 km border with Aizawl, Kolasib and Mamit districts of Mizoram.
In honoring these students, the KSU has awarded the Academic Excellence Award to (L) Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang. The organization has encouraged the students by giving them special awards to those who still have the spirit to continue their studies to higher levels. to have the responsibility to work for the country and the nation.
For example, if some school children visit the debate during the Assembly and see the inability of the legislators to ask or answer questions, what will those students say? If there is an MLA who speaks expressly because he cannot explain well in English, it is a shame not only for the House but for the state as a whole. choose such men as stingthew.
Speaking to media, the President of Mawlai Town Dorbar, Bah SD Khongwir, said that the 16 villages under the Mawlai Town Dorbar strongly oppose the proposal of the KHADC to The construction of the market, as it will affect the areas connected with the water wells that supply drinking water to the entire village of Mawlai.
He also played for the club in the Reliance Foundation Development League this year.
All the MPs we have elected have been only English speakers and that is why, while we are waiting for the good, there are problems from time to time for our people. we.
Youth, children and elderly people took part in this march which is held once a year on this day to commemorate the 16 founders of the Seng Khasi.
Shillong, July 11 : The President of the BJP, Shillong, said that what is needed now is to focus more on the youth as they are the future of the NPP. Ernest Mawrie, a candidate from West Shillong, has promised to ensure that the development of the constituency should be smooth in all aspects.
There were 7 speeches, 2 recommendations and one brainstorming session for early detection and treatment of TB. He was from General Medicine, TB and Pulmonary Medicine, Microbiology, Community Medicine, Orthopedics of NEIGRIHMS, WHO NTEP cell (Meghalaya), Nazareth Hospital and Medical Wing of Assam Rifles.
Shillong: Shillong Entertainment has decided to hold a Duet Dance instead of a Couple Dance in the presence of participants from outside Meghalaya. The first Open Northeast Dance Championship will be held for the first time and a cash prize of Rs 2,00,0
The election for the CEM of KHADC will be held on the 8th of March, and the winner will be announced on the same day whether it is from the Congress under KHUDA or from the ARPA. don the local organizations.
The prayer is in the villages, in the houses, in the tribes.
Tynghor is one of the oldest villages in the Muliang area and is also the Headquarters of the Jyrngam Sirdarship.
Robert used his intelligence to enter the Aadhar number and did not need to know the number or password of anyone.
Students of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Personally, I urged the UDP to think twice before its decision to nominate Bah Paul Lyngdoh from the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
According to the E.Roll, at the time of writing, there are 19,556 females and 19,007 males.
• How to care for your hair in summer: Having a healthy hair is the most important desire of us human beings.
They want to drive the patients to the parking lot where they plan to put it at the market.
Dr Jemino Mawthoh said the government should create the mechanisms to curb crime as drugs are one of the causes of evil in the home and society.
Warjri, who is now alone, is sitting on a statue of Kiang Nangbah on the main road near Shillong Civil Hospital. Shillong.
Shillong, Naitung 9: U MDC of Mawlai Constituency, Bah PT Sawkmie, has written to the Chief Secretary, Bah PBO Warjri to direct the Executive Engineer of Shillong Central Division to look into the deterioration of the road. on all the highways and roads within the village roads of Mawlai.
“MY SOUL, BLESS THE LORD!!!!!” Because he is a wise and impartial God!!!!Like a BALANCE DIET he has blessed people!!! !Morning is clean tea, morning is clean food!!!!Sometimes kerela, sohngang, sometimes sohjew sohthiang... Sometimes clean food, sometimes clean food!!!!AH KA BUROM JONGME KO KYNRAD, KAM JU THE JOURNEY OF MAN IN THE SHORT YEAR!!!!Exactly like this year, there is the Pyrem, the Lyiur, the Synrai and the Tlang.
Police of Umroi PS have seized the vehicle and arrested the driver.
Hek said that the Dohkha farming industry is a blessing because it not only increases the income of the household but also employs other people in the farming or selling of Dohkha.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Pala said that the NPP has lost the trust of the people, so the money they have already looted from the poor people has now had to buy people. “The NPP and the UDP are the same and the money they have looted has been bought by the people to vote for them. , they have to buy people to stir up their election campaign , but the 2nd is the day to get a decision whether the people want to be looted or to get the rule of law not clean," he said.
“It's just a festival, they invite us to perform,” said Bah Arwan.
“I would like to suggest to the department to take steps to work together with the village leaders such as Dorbars, Nokmas and others so that we can overcome any problems that may arise,” he said. said Mr. Ymbon.
But what remains the same cannot rise again.
He said the time limit for the completion of the road project is two years, from the announcement of the appointment date and the start of construction.
Here all our people, men and women, are rynsied without counting the cost of labor and the waste of time, money and energy.
The concern is also on Indian democracy and on the relevance of minority rights.
The incident occurred after Mamata went to pray at a temple in the area.
This Act empowers the Village Authorities to have a Local Area Development Planning Council and MDCs shall be included as members and the officer of the Council shall be the Secretary.
In the past few years, the Central Government has included various languages ​​in the 8th Schedule of the Constitution through the recommendations of various committees. The Pahwa Committee (1996) and the Sitakant Mohapatra Committee (2003) have not yet been able to finalize the criteria for the inclusion of the language in the 8th Schedule.
“The national coverage is about 50% but the target should reach 100% before October 2024,” he said, adding that steps need to be taken to reach this target. .
This scientist has been handed down for hundreds of generations and shows that the Khasi have settled in these mountains since 3000 and 4000 years ago.
The time has come for the people of the constituency to give their answer”.
Besides Ankita, Bimala Thakur (1/18) took 10 wickets.
Participants who wish to sing must verify themselves and minors who have not yet voted must send their parents' EPICs but the EPICs must be xeroxed.
“Kong Dlian did not elect MLA Bah HDR Lyngdoh in the election and she chose the name of the UDP and when her daughter sent her signature to the MLA he sent it to the Rangbah Shnong of Dira.
Barua said the Indian government troops will arrive in the state within two days and will patrol the border between Mizoram and Assam in Cachar and Karimganj districts.
High risk areas in South Garo Hills include Jadi Bazar; They are located in Barapathar, Police Reserve, Garikhana, Lama Villa, Mawprem, Mawbah, Bus Stand Bazar, Anjalee, Jail Road, Iewduh and Baniun.
The ILP does not need to be passed by Parliament but only by the announcement of the President of India.
The CM said that the creation of job opportunities will increase to
There are 11 founders of the school and 8 of them have passed away. The survivors include Dr DD Lapang, Bah Nipshon Lyngkring and Bah Wonder. Shylla.
He said there are many laws to prevent violence, but violence is on the rise, he said.
Nartap, who won the title, received a cash prize of T.30,000 and a trophy, while Jyntru, who lost in the final, received a trophy. T.15,000 and Triphy.
Police have also arrested three suspects in connection with the incident.
Therefore, the Seng urges the Depot Incharge to be dismissed immediately for not taking action to assist and take the man immediately to the hospital, said a statement from Samla MacDonald Jitem. Publicity Secretary KSU Mawlai Circle.
Shillong, July 17: A team of 10 journalists from Meghalaya today arrived in Bhubaneswar as part of a press tour to Odisha under the Visit Bharat Sankalp Yatra (VBSY) programme.
Charles Sohshang, one of the chief executive officers of the Marngor Area Employment Committee (AEC), said that the delay in the implementation of the scheme has surprised the residents. village in the area.
“I too, before I became an MLA, I was angry with the party split of Bah Bring but after I was with him I understood that the party split of Bah Bring has good reasons for the sake of the people”. said Mr. Martle.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 10:Education in this age is very important, and many parents from the rural areas have begun to understand the value of education and have begun to to send their own children to schools so that they can get education without counting even if the school is only in the household.
I would like to emphasize the following:
