However, because the father taught and showed faith, the child changed his mind.
The event was organized by the State Social Welfare Department at the State Central Library.
Shillong, March 02: The 47th Meghalaya State Body Building Championships will be held on 30th November, 2023 at Aurobindo Institute, Shillong. Atlanta D. Shira of Lion's Den Unisex Fitness Center Tura won the title of Champions of Champions.
“Although there is heavy security on the part of the village authorities, there are some incidents, but they have promised that at the same time they have ensured to maintain the peace and order of the mothers. The elders went out to guard the whole village of Mawlai,” he said.
“There will be comments that my contest from Songsak and Tikrikilla will be because I am afraid or because I want to win from two seats and so on but I want to tell you that after careful consideration I “I have decided to contest from these two constituencies,” he said.
After that, they left for Nongeitniang, Nongkyndah and finally Nongtyngur.
The General Secretary of the PDF Mawkynrew Zonal Committee, Bah Dengbok Kurkalang, said, “If the PDF reaches the point of destroying the party and joining the NPP, we should not just follow, but we should also have criteria.
The Congress will be strong there and other parties will find it difficult to create a world there.
Therefore, it is our duty and responsibility as leaders to take the matter to the Government of India and the BJP leaders in Delhi,” he said.
Why don't you waste public money when you don't have any benefit? How can we the people spend for their visit? If they bring benefits, we don't feel bad.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the President of HITO, Bah Donbok Dkhar said that according to the information received through RTI, the government has not yet issued any announcement. or the requirements for such a scholarship for students who wish to pursue medical, engineering or any other degrees in higher education.
All players are requested to arrive at the field on time and only children under 12 years of age and under 17 years of age will be admitted.
Therefore, I take this opportunity to request the JACBOM, which was established with the aim of ensuring the security of the border in our state, to expedite the hearing in the higher courts. so that we can make the right decision.
The death toll in the United States has risen to 2,494 in the past 24 hours.
“On the one hand, the mid-term elections that should have been held in three constituencies in the state, such as 13 Mawryngkneng, 24 Mawphlang and 47 Rajabala, There is no need to worry about the violation of Covid 19 rules.
The Awaken India Movement (AIM) in a petition sent to the ECI and the Chief Election Officer (CEO) has urged the Election Commission of India (ECI) to to follow and take fair and impartial measures in accordance with the Conduct of Election Rules, 1961 and to ensure that there is no discrimination against the people just because they do not want to take TIKA Covid-19 or even to express that they are unrighteous, unclean, misled or even to say that they are not right anywhere as well.
Similarly, eight villages in the Nongtraw area and nearby the Suroh Shillong By-Pass have gathered to clean up the Umlew River. Wah, which is also one of the rivers in Ri Bhoi, has a variety of Dohkha Dohpnat and attracts tourists.
The men's football team of Ri-Bhoi and West Garo Hills District won their titles in the men's football tournament of the 5th Meghalaya Games held at Chanmari Stadium. , Now.
The color of gold symbolizes the abundance of natural resources and the life of nature.
To the weak and destitute of mind, who can bear the sight of money? This is a lack of human dignity and the desire to increase wealth as if when we die, we can take that unjust wealth with us.
In the past decades and especially in these times we see that the government's approach is to enrich the rich including policies that discriminate against the poor.
The NPP will get 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats, the UDP 8-12 seats, the TMC 5-8 seats and other parties each. -and that constituency.
Speaking as the chief guest, the President expressed her happiness to have this golden opportunity to inaugurate the tournament which is named in the name and honor of PA Sangma, who was the Prime Minister. and also as the former Speaker of the Lok Sabha and who became the first Speaker from the North East.
Shillong, November 11: The Steering Committee (SC) formed by the NPP, BJP, KHNAM and UDP to find a joint candidate for the MP elections will meet with the People's Candidate Forum (PCF) candidate. u Rev PBM Basaiawmoit.
He said that nearly 200 km of roads under the PMGSY have been constructed in the last three years and 3.5 lakh people in rural areas have received water tanks at home.
In order to attract students, school children and those who have studied in higher education, the government has prepared a special project to build libraries for them and these will be built in villages on a budget of Rs 162 crore.
The registration of all the 199 children who came to the program in their respective ages, followed by the weight measurement, height measurement, as well as others. test, as well as running, throwing, back throwing and football.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that he should not comment on the death of Sub-Inspector Bah PJ Marbaniang as the investigation is ongoing.
“Can the Assam Khar be responsible if something happens to the personal details of the Sordar?” asked Bah Chandra Nongkhar President FKJGP West Khasi Hills.
Ferlin of the NPP defeated the Congress candidate of June Eliana R. Marak by 4,369 votes.
A few days ago, the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak, said that she had received information that there is only one ambulance in Tura. It happened on the 1st of this month in Williamnagar.
You don't have a place in Shillong.
Regarding the arrest of Darius Marak, they have not yet arrested all those involved in the kidnapping and killing of his son. They demanded another Rs 1 crore and threatened to kill his family.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Nongstoin Circle on Tuesday arrested a foreigner. The foreigner was identified as Kopendar Thapa, resident of Nongdom Village, West Khasi Hills. long Khasi mother.
The group will then return to the second celebration at
She said that the state government should cooperate with the civil society or NGOs and also to encourage the people so that they can take measures to to introduce workshops for the welfare and safety of children, to introduce subjects related to the POCSO Act and other laws in children's education /students and also to introduce a working group to collect information on issues related to foreign visitors.
“We have directed the Urban Affairs Department to prepare detailed proposals,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Modi was not only present at the stadium for the final, but also handed over the Cup to the Australian Captain and afterwards, he also met the Indian players in their dressing room.
Referring to the Congress-led state government, it was seen that after the opposition brought the NC or the no confidence motion against the Speaker of the House, the Symbud Lamphang, Bah Sanbor Shullai, has said that The Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, has resigned from his post as Symbud Lamphang. It was seen that later she came to take back her chair.
Bolinda Lyngdoh Nonglait, the sister-in-law of former Pariong MLA Tuberlin Lyngdoh Nonglait, was the most popular candidate in the area.
When the CSU team arrived, they found the man lying dead in his bed.
Timung also thanked the PWD department for providing the road, the traffic police, the MLA of 4-Mookaiaw. Nujorki Sungoh who has taken responsibility for this task since 2019 to provide for the needs until the end of the Synod.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Founder said that he has not yet decided whether to close down the Mawlai Secretariat or not.
However, Rupang, who spoke to the BJP leaders in the state, denied that there will be any talks with Bah Pynshngain so far on the political issue.
There are about 5 women candidates on the party ticket.
Kazakhstan's Children's Health Minister Azhar Giniyat said there were 28,000 people with fever in various hospitals, but they did not have the virus.
He also thanked the members of the Kyrmen Foundation Ladrymbai, as well as the doctors who attended the event for their willingness to cooperate.
Conrad also spoke about the efforts of the Government of India under the Act East Policy to fund various projects through the Ministry of External Affairs, to connect the North Eastern States with neighboring countries like Myanmar. and Bangladesh.
The HYC also strongly condemns the state government especially the Power Minister in charge James Sangma for not fulfilling his duty as Power Minister to look after the welfare of the people of the state. to ensure that there is no disruption in the distribution of electricity to the residents.
Speaking to media, Dr War said that the 22 people who tested positive for Covid-19 include 19 residents of East Khasi Hills District. (High risk Contact) or those who have been in contact with positive people.
MS Rao, Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Chairman, CVD Diengdoh, Member Secretary and members will be Dr. Aman Warr, DHS (MI), Rev. Dr. P Lyngdoh, President, Shillong All Faiths Forum, Shillong All Faiths Forum, Rev EH Kharkongngor, Secretary, and Naba Bhattacharjee, Joint Secretary, Shillong All Faiths Forum, said in a statement. Joint Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, Home (Political) Department.
As these teacher posts are still vacant, the students are among the most affected, the letter said.
The MDC of Nongstoiñ, has already distributed the works to schools, villages, churches and others in the village since the past few months and in the past few days. On the other hand, the MDC also distributed T.2 lakh to the Nongstoin Public Sec School, so that the school can fill the shortcomings.
This is to inform the Meghalaya High Court that heavy vehicles pass through the Umïam Bridge every night.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Vincent H.Pala congratulated the Seng Samla Shnong Mawten for the work of the former office bearers to this year's office bearers, the Rangbah Shnong and all those who have played a role in achieving the goal. This will be a sign of remembrance that as young people there is unity in the village and through them there is also hope for a brighter future.
Police suspect that the two men may be members of the A'chik Matgrik Elite Force (AMEF).
I will try to open a small shop in the market or in the motphran area as a start.
This has gone a long way and we expect the Indian government to give a positive response," he said.
On this occasion, the Chief Guest also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions organized by the school during the past 10 months.
The High Court of Meghalaya should be commended for taking action against these unfair practices in the state government in recent years.
This was announced by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Friday in a meeting with the media.
There have been 115 recoveries from the coronavirus today.
The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) has continued to boycott the first semester classes in protest against the NEHU's urgency to implement the NEP-2
In the Ranji Trophy, Nagaland, who won the toss, refused to bat first and managed to take three wickets.
Nehemayah Tyngkan, one of the elders of the area, together with his friends, Romes Dkhar, N. Suiam and R. Parien, in the spirit of knowledge and sympathy on Saturday visited NEIMA Sahsniang, the headquarters of the area. Therefore, I would like to invite all the children of the rich to come and lend a helping hand as much as possible for these brothers and sisters who are in this place.
The more you feel proud, the more you feel powerful, by hurting others, especially those who live with you, the more your heart becomes angry.
He has to stand up and plead for the poor and needy.
Some of them have been forced to leave the school fees and others have been forced to leave the school fees.
He also spoke to the managers of the public outlets, who said that the daily turnout is very low, only about 500 people.
While the State Government from the past to the present has been ready to provide for the Shnongwir and Shongthap, they have fallen and turned a blind eye to the state residents.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma said, “For Higher Secondary, Secondary and Science teachers, the salary increase is 9,000 tyngka. For Upper Primary, Lower Primary, Hindi teachers and 4th teachers of SSA, the salary increase is 6,000 tyngka.
He said that Assam has never come forward to discuss the boundary settlement after the state has issued these documents on the acquisition of these lands which are claimed to belong to Meghalaya in
Not only that, but there is also a spread of supporters from one political party to another.
The Constitution of India, which included the Sixth Scheduled, came into force on 26 November
“Villages like Jimbrigoan, Patgoan and Lyngkhung should not go to Assam, and the government school in Lyngkhung proves that this village still falls under Meghalaya,” he said. The Seng is surprised that the Regional Committee of the Government has gone to hold a meeting even at 8 pm at Maikhuli without the knowledge of the residents of Maikhuli. The well in this village is in Assam.
And the people asked him, saying, What shall we do then? And he answered and said unto them, He that hath two coats, let him impart to him that hath none; and he that hath no meat, let him do likewise. teacher, what shall we do? And he said unto them, Exact no more than that which is appointed you. And they asked him, saying, What shall we do? He also told them not to oppress anyone or take advantage of anyone, but to be content with your wages (Luke 3-10).
Speaking on the occasion, Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat said that the Midday Meal was held thanks to the cooperation of the government officials in charge of the Midday Meal, as well as various organizations who have worked for the Midday Meal. good luck and the benefit of the day laborers.
These former RBYF leaders who have joined the Ri Bhoi Dorbar include FM Mawphniang, Rocky Kylla, Doris Sulein, Kerbhalang Shylla, Maurice Lyngdoh, Friday Jalong, Dilip Kharkrang, Dipshong Ryntathiang, Charles Singhli and others.
The BJP in Delhi has already announced 267 candidates for the elections but has delayed announcing candidates for Meghalaya and other states.
On the other hand, the drivers said, “We don't want to be like this but it has been a huge loss and they have to pay all the fees. can fall ai beat".
Speaking to media, he said that the department has not issued any more documents, but has deployed enforcement and police to stay overnight to monitor the trucks passing through the bridge. price.
He then said that he wanted his wife to be 20 years old and Muslim.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chief Guest encouraged all the students who took part by saying that all of them have been winners at the District Level.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will investigate into the incident and it is surprising that these bank accounts operate with Aadhar numbers, which have been forged along with other documents. Not only that these schools are fraudulent, but, surprisingly, they have also been able to register themselves in the National Scholarship Portal and the UDISE.
Other programs during the celebration included the distribution of food items at the Civil Hospital Mawkyrwat, PHCs and Children of Hope Orphanage, Mawlangwir.
Shillong, July 05: The President of the Civil Society Women's Organization (GSWO) has been released on bail by the Officer-in-Charge (OC) of Mawryngkneng, Ekwin Pala, who is accused of robbing a truck AS 01 EC on the 7th of November last year which also carried goods worth T.20.10 lakh.
He also urged the State Government to issue a public notice on the definition of 'Tribal'
It is learned that after being demanded for T.4 lakh and when it was time to pay, Ma Krehbha sent an SMS to the young woman saying that he has not been able to pay the money. There is only T.1 lakh in her hand, and the girl has sent a letter to him to bring only that T.1 lakh first and pay the rest later.
Of course, we commend the Government for taking the initiative to resolve the border issue because many of the land we have lost is due to the lack of attention of the previous governments.
He said that it is the opportunity for one or two Dkhars to come to the area, it will be a guideline for others to come later until it causes problems to the land owners.
The meeting also decided to seek further clarification from the consultant agency regarding the requirements of the internal equipment such as chairs and others.
C beat Bright Women Junior 4-0
Prestone Tynsong has also appealed to the Supreme Court.
Shillong, July 15: Mawpen Village, Mairang West Khasi Hills District, is one of the most productive villages in agriculture and produces a lot of agricultural products such as sying, soh, rice and other species of plants.
Explaining on the allegation, Bah CSyrti, Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, said that the Ri Bhoi Police have arrested many coal trucks. In 2020 alone, 41 coal trucks have been seized and 19 cases have been registered by the Police.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Members of the Opposition in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today left the Assembly before the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma's reply to the Budget Session. the dispute over the money.
Advise them to understand and be an example and advise others that they need to change their minds to serve the people and the nation by working honestly and fulfilling their promises because money alone does not work,” said Dr Mukul.
The media team tried to get a comment from the Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima on the sudden departure from the Dorbar but he did not answer his mobile phone.
Another problem is the lack of ksing and if you make it yourself, the price of one ksing will not be less than 1700 tyngka.
Self Help Groups (SHGs) are among the ones that have supported thousands and tens of thousands of women in the state to stand on their own feet.
ah u bapliAi that everything will remain under the wise guidance of God from above because he sees the things and he will raise up wise leaders at such a time because he sees who is right. lam who cannot manage the work at this time.
Because of the traffic jam in the city center of Nongstoin especially on market days and also in the morning when people are busy going to work and school. they are their children.
Khliehriat, July 31: As part of the Aloka Yatra 2024 programme, the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District will hold a Free Eye Check Up Camp on the 2nd of July and 3rd June 2024 which will be held at the Community Hall Khliehriat West from 9.30 pm.
On Thursday, she lodged a complaint at Nongpoh Police Station and sent it to the Minister of Home Affairs, the DGP.
How do we do the same test at the same time and after the test we get a report and we don't have to wait for a day? He was quarantined alone, but only one paracetamol was not available and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare did not receive any information. He was only on the list positive for Covid-19 and after 10 days he was tested negative.
This means that the Meghalaya Lokayukta Amendment Act, 2013, which has been amended twice, will have to be amended further.
Speaking to India Today, Bittu Bajrangi said the incident, which killed six people, happened on Tuesday.
The semi-finals and finals will be held on 1 and 4 October 2023 at the King Fahd International Stadium in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia.
The agreement with the company appointed to operate the College has not come to fruition and for this reason the Government has decided to terminate the social agreement with the company.
The audio mastering was done by Groove Pro Studio Nongstoin.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HYC General Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the reason why the HYC has lodged a complaint is because there are children and their parents who do not The union said that those who do not want to wear the Batch and Bell Hindu idols should not be forced by the school authorities.
Another thing is that it is time for elections to be held in many villages of constituencies to make full use of the power of the people, because of the rights given and empowered. to the workers to carry out the works, we shall command them and they shall carry out exactly so.
The ways in which trade was made were in cosmetics, food and clothing.
Issuing the order, the Supreme Court said that as the order is temporary, there is no point in appealing against the NGT order and therefore, it should only expedite the work. .
It has given a personal message that is shameful and disgraceful in front of the world.
“If possible, Bah, it is better to clean it tomorrow.
The Federation of Ri War Mihngi Local Dorbar (FoRMLD) has expressed its surprise and concern over the inclusion of Pynursla in the list of drug traffickers and users. Village leaders from Ri War area have met with Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Social Welfare to seek clarification on this issue.
The match was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Renikton said this while responding to the protest by the MDCs to remove Teinwel Dkhar from the post of CEM of KHADC. Renikton, who is also the Secretary of the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA), UDP and HSPDP, said that although there was a stir, the HSPDP MDCs did not agree. was shaken at all and the leaders were discussed calling a meeting to resolve the issue.
“It is not easy to put police in every part of Shillong, although it is easy for people to say so, but we have to find out why people come out, it may be an exploitation. to go out at night.
It was also agreed to employ two members of the family of Sushil Kajar, who died in the lathi bomb blast, in the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Karnal.
“We have to find out why they got these firearms from Shillong and Guwahati.
Among the residents of the Mercy Home, Princess Mary Pale is the oldest resident at 105 years old.
After the incident in Mukroh, the Government said that the Forest Check-gate of Assam should be relocated or abolished, but this has not come to fruition. Check gate where they have now built a stronger building with a tall and strong wall.
The market in the north of Basa was built only with stones and was held only on the day of Rynghep and thus was called the Rynghep Market.
I enjoy reading all the articles.
It's enough.
“After making arrangements with the MPCC leaders, I can have better talks with the Mawlai Block Congress,” he said.
Earlier, Dr Don said that it is necessary for the government to address the issue of traders and miners as the coal mines have stopped after being banned in government.
The skit was also performed by the staff nurse of Woodland WK Hospital.
Rangdajied won two awards, Banshanlang Sten won the Golden Glove, Best Goalkeeper and Tremiki Lamurong won the Golden Ball. ).
In the incident, the school children who were inside the Maruti van escaped without injuries except for the driver of the Maruti van, Bah Bhakupar Kharbani who sustained injuries. hand.
According to sources, the incident happened on the 13th of this month and the deceased was identified as Abhishek Roy from Jharkhand. Chemical Engineering from IIM in Guwahati.
The increasing competition in today's society and mental stress cause a person to feel anxious and hopeless in life which leads to mental illness and this leads to depression.
The union demanded that the government should turn its attention to the area to meet its needs.
“The government has transferred the police, who are skilled in these jobs and they have been dismissed, but those who know how to steal, who know how to take money to steal have brought forward this case. fail because of the government“.
The NEHU teachers were angry after the VC admitted to reporters that he had made a mistake in falsifying the decision of the meeting but did not send a message to the MHRD to inform them of the mistake.
In Group-B, Arunachal Pradesh, West Bengal, Haryana and Maharashtra are.
When pyrkging is called, it comes.
On the request of the NPP Sohiong leaders to remove one Minister from the MDA government and appoint Bah Samlin in the post of Minister after winning the election, Conrad said that he will win first and On the other hand, the party will take action to do whatever is necessary.
An emergency meeting was held between the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH), Rangbah Shnongs and members of various Dorbar Shnongs with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, regarding the incident at Mukroh. West Jaintia Hills.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 1,284 and in East Khasi Hills, 920, of which 648 are civilians.
He criticized the Congress party's allegation that Pynshngaiñ is fighting against the party in the mid-term elections and said that the mid-term election campaign has not yet started.
And it is for these reasons that these shyllangmat leaders have been fighting from time to time with the political parties.
AIS SujaThe 70 months are the days, times and years that God gave to Daniel to tell the world the times and events that have passed and will happen according to the prophecy of the Word of God. God.
Gayatri Marnie Batkhar with the office bearers of the Dorbar Shnong.
However, it is a sign of remembrance and reputation for them as heroes of the region and the nation as a whole.
“However, according to the final order of the High Court, we will sit again, we will discuss in the Cabinet, we will discuss in the MDA and later we can even convene the All Party Meeing,” he added.
As the amount of waste we produce increases, the need for wood also increases.
KHNAM therefore demands an inquiry into the donation to the school.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The Meghalaya Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) on Saturday held its annual meeting. journalists and how to overcome challenges.
“Regarding Bah Process's statement that if he wins again he will take away the work orders from the NPP contractors, Bah Teibor said, “oh! how powerful are you? you work with you.
They protested against the organizers of the festival and their protest ended at 2 pm on Saturday morning.
Leaders of six organizations opposed to the government's proposal have held a meeting and unanimously decided to oppose and demand that the government should resign DC Ethelbert Kharmalki on the grounds that this transfer does not affect them. officers without the expiry of their term of office shall hamper and suspend development works within the District.
However, unfortunately, since 2018 until now, the people in the District and Nongstoiñ constituency, have been facing many problems especially the youth. others that are very strong.
Shillong: Tynrai beat Touchline Basketball Academy 52-10 points in the women's basketball tournament on Tuesday.
“Why are they afraid to spread this? Everyone knows about this incident and when it comes to the internet, it will be a great loss for the students,” he said.
Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Deepak Yadav, Deputy Commissioner of Police (East), said that the police have set up checkpoints at the border to prevent the farmers from turning to Delhi. , they are still strengthening these prek, which are on the border.
The Congress candidate said that the key to the Jaidbynriew is held by the Rangbah Shnong, MDC, MLA and MP. for the country and the nation as a whole,” he said while speaking at the rally.
For others, they do not need to bring any photograph, as the photograph will be printed inside the Passport Seva Kendra office.
At the same time, the NPYF has requested the authorities to take action to provide justice to the family of the victim so that the parents and relatives of the victim can get information. The union does not want such incidents to happen again and also that the government should take measures to ensure the safety of the students studying abroad.
“I feel that the government's aggression will increase the protest.
The raid was carried out on Saturday, when a bomb was detonated by the militants near a petrol pump in Hawakhana, at 5.40 pm and two vehicles were damaged. there were no fatalities.
They say that they are not the only ones who can but they are still confused.
The CBI report has also revealed the corruption in the recruitment of former Education Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh.
He said that the Director has also promised to inform the relevant department.
Other dignitaries who attended the meeting included the Minister of PHE, Jayanta Mallabaruah, Additional Chief Secretary, Syedain Abbasi, Mission Director, JJM Scheme. Kailash Karthick N and other senior officers.
Puducherry has closed schools for classes 1 to 8 for 10 days from Friday as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the disease.
The men's team includes Phrangsngi Rynjah, Atiar Bakynsai Bareh, Dakyrmen Nongsiej, Daniel L.Hmar, Joseph Hmingthantluanga, Arldielang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Donelly D.Lyngba, Edward N.Syiemiong, Darren E.Blah and Apara Fistos A.Sangma. and Abraham K. Sangma.
Public places such as restaurants, hotels, hospitals, bus stops and others are prohibited from smoking.
In the past few days, the NPP leaders have been throwing stones at the NPP leaders and many comments have appeared in the news.
At the same time, he said that the Supreme Court's requirement to follow the laws of the central government when mining coal such as the MMDR Act, the Coal (Nationalisation) Act, the Environment and Forest Act and others, must be followed. that doesn't work for anyone.
The film has grossed Rs 19.08 crore on its opening day and Rs 34.56 crore on Tuesday.
It may be recalled that recently in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, he said that the government is ready to set up a check gate at the railway station, but the civil society does not agree with this. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the district authorities have been instructed to talk and consult with the civil society but the civil society itself stands firm on the ground that the ILP should be granted first. After that, they will be allowed to build this railway line to transport goods to Byrnihat.
By introducing these types of trainings to the more remote areas through our trainers who can teach in different languages, including Garo, Khasi, Pnar, and English, we believe that these efforts of ours they will be helpful and supportive to the government’s efforts.
Besides, they also smuggled cows and other animals into the illegal area as it still falls under the Shillong Municipal Board and this is a violation of the Meghalaya Municipal Act.
“The reason why the Garo people have come forward is because of the word village headman which makes them feel that they are Rangbah Shnong.
Post Name:- Junior Staff Officer/ Deputy Controller of Civil DefenseNo of posts:- 2 (1+1)Department:- Directorate of Civil Defense & Home Guards, ShillongPay Scale:- Level 15th of Revised Pay Structure with other allowances as admissible.
The announcement came a few days after 10 Kuki MLAs of Manipur and leaders of the Indigenous Tribal Leaders' Forum (ITLF) issued a demand for the I am from the state of Rilum.
In the second innings, Silkamchi Marak scored 19 runs and 42 extras to lead EGH to victory. Its 10 batters just collapsed one by one for the rest of the game.
New Delhi: Four persons from the North East, three from Meghalaya and one from Assam have been arrested by Goa police for allegedly cheating residents. city ​​of the United States.
If there is a wrongdoing on the part of the law enforcement agencies, the law will not forgive anyone,” he said, adding that there is a National Human Rights Commission to find out the truth in such cases.
Shillong: Members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU), FKJGP and Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) today met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM). The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has supported the District Council to set up a Police Outpost in Langpih Village as part of the efforts to provide peace to the people living in the border villages. Assam and Meghalaya.
According to human rights, this police brutality is unacceptable, said the union and said that the law should punish all those involved. , the law shall not be discriminatory, it shall be equal to the young and the old.
There are also the birds of prey, the birds of prey, the birds of prey, the birds of the sea, the birds of the sea, the birds of the sea, the birds of the sea, the birds of the sea, the birds of the sea. Why are the tuta and moina pait-skor who used to talk or talk to people often chained to tree branches or imprisoned in prison? the souls of many families as if they were those notorious criminals who have destroyed and destroyed the society of all the creatures and life of the Lord! These poor and needy lives have become slaves or prisoners without any human thought and justice as to why it is necessary to imprison and set along them. they? Why do we human beings (masters) struggle so hard to understand their rights so that they can escape and live freely in this world (as we live freely)? Where are the birds of the sky and the moinas? Why has the lord of the night become extinct and rare in the forests like the Tripuris of Tripura? Who can answer these questions? Young stars (men and women) who are intelligent, bright, intelligent, thoughtful, brave and fearless, please don't just get a degree in education but don't be surprised and wonder if your children will one day ask questions.
The Seng Khasi Mawlai has received the sad news on the morning of July 3 regarding the passing away of Rangbah Donsap Sing Khongtim, who was the leader of the Seng.
Send your email log.
Pynsakhiat Dkhar scored the first goal for Maitshaphrang Mowtyrshiah in the 42nd minute.
He said that the support received during this meeting with the Nongsynshar of various villages has encouraged those who led this revolution.
Ardent recalled that in the past, when they started forming the VPP party, they were looking for candidates to stand, but they couldn't find them. They have applied for tickets, they don't understand anymore from the VPP and in the past they said it wasn't through this path but now it's through this path.
But remember that those who cheat crores are only selfish people who just fall into their trap and when they dig a well near your house, so that you can enter those wells you identity card and search before entering and before leaving.
“Go to the villages today, go with a strong spirit, go with a strong mind, and let us reach out to you in your work. I need to help and if you support me believe that I will come back and as I did in my own constituency in Laitumkhrah, I will raise, I will work hard and I will show you my ability as a woman to lead the country. your demands and needs.
Speaking to media, Marcuise N.Marak said that a meeting was held with the PHE, Water Resources and Forest Departments regarding the proposal for the Umkhen Water Supply Scheme (UWSS) and to protect the water well in Wahkdait, Laitkor.
Elnathan Pale was elected President, Yoki Singh Pale, General Secretary, Lamshwa Pale, Asst.General Secretary Jeming Pale, Finance Secretary Lamshwa Pale, Publicity Secretary Seyo Pale, Adviser. Robert June Pale and Shitlang Pale, Editors Sevenroy Pale and Daohi Pale and 20 Executive Members including Presidents and Secretaries of Units.
Earlier, many rituals including Dih Soh Pen, Jingkñia Khang which included the sacrifice of cows were held in different parts of Jowai.
Followed by Muslims – 1.9% and Hindus – 1.3% – Report: ‘International  Institute  of  Population  Sciences   (2019-2021)     of  the  National Family  Health Survey  (NFHS-5).
The Government through the MPSC and DSC, at the time of recruitment, should set aside one in the question papers, and that is to send those applicants to translate into Khasi the correct text in the English language.
What the people started talking about was the name of Bah Rymbui, if he wants to resign from the post of Minister, and the names of Bah SK Sun and Bah Metbah.
Sanjay Yadav scored 61 runs off 63 balls.
Stella Khongsngi won the Miss Meghalaya title while Angelina Jackson won the Miss Teen title in the Miss Teen pageant which ended on Saturday under Soso Tham. Auditorium, Shillong.
Shillong: The news “19 villages, most affected by swine fever” was the most read news in the past month.
Shillong: In the past few months, plastic bags have been seized from ration bags and school bags or mid day meal bags. it put the eating population in a state of panic.
“In the spirit of unity and solidarity within the region, the KJCLF appeals to the Assamese people and the residents of the region to fight against the perpetrators of hatred and to fight against those who destroy the faith and “The Forum urges the parents and the public to protect the teachers and teachers who are dedicated to guiding the people for the betterment and development of the country. future of children.
The Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam signed a Memorandum of Understanding in New Delhi on 29th October, 2022 to resolve the seven border disputes in the first phase.
Anumahasa Sna markets these products under the name Braves Enterprise.
“We have worked together a lot because we have our own objectives and why we want to withdraw from this cooperation is another area that we are still considering,” he said.
According to the leaders of the union, the contractors said that they don't trust the government anymore as it is now and that is why the roads are bad these days because the contractors don't want to work without getting currency.
The Volunteer for A Better Jaintia Hills District on Saturday convened a meeting at Iungwalieh, Tpeppale Dorbar Shnong to discuss the lack of ration cards for many households in Jaintia Hills.
As Isaiah said, that by the shedding of His blood He has healed us from all our sins and from all our diseases.
Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leader Devender Singh Rana on Tuesday made it clear that the G20 summit will be held in Kashmir later this month. Jammu & Kashmir in the tourism sector which will boost the income in the region and the visit of many pilgrims to the Union Territory.
The Chinese troops have accused the Indian troops of firing in the air, but today, India has denied that it fired in the clashes.
But Jesus said – “these are ONLY THE BEGINNING OF SUFFERING”.
In the coffin exhibition, the PHE office won the first prize, followed by the Deputy Commissioner (Election) office which came second and the Divisional Soil and Water Conservation Office which came fourth.
"I think one thing that threatens the BJP...they cannot provide proper governance, they produce these things," he said.
When asked whether it is true that the government will shut down the synsar, he said he does not know because how can the government shut down the synsar when it receives revenue from the synsar and does not have any information. relationship like coal that destroys the environment.
This month, Dr Mukul Sangma said that the BJP government's introduction of T.1000 and T.500 notes will increase corruption in the country. Prime Minister Narendra Modi's visit to the country has affected the poor.
“We have seen in Assam where Himanta left the Congress which could not work and now the people of Assam have given the BJP a memorable victory.
The U-15 tournament will be for those born between 2005 and 2006 and will be held on the 2nd at the MFA ground from 11:00am to 5:00pm.
However, as it happened on the last day of the election campaign, on the 8th, even if the UDP and NPP, which are the most paid parties in Sohiong, even if the election campaign is close and The people also marched together from the same place, but it is interesting that there was no incident and the people shouted and joined in their own party or in their own party. fantastic.
Due to the peace and order situation in Garo Hills, the government has already prepared all the necessary measures to ensure that the election will be held smoothly and that the people will be able to vote. elect their representative by free will.
“It is not time to talk about the ILP but we need to implement the ILP in the state,” he said.
Besides the increase in the salaries of teachers, the Principal said that teachers and students used to go to meet at the right time but they could not meet, said the Secretary of KJDSTA. The teachers have decided that if such incidents continue to happen from time to time, they will not hesitate to continue their strike.
(Shri.M Chen)LadmukhlaDistrict West Jaintia HillsPh.
We are not surprised by this because in the past there has never been any discussion on the plight of women even though they have been affected by the large number of children and the inability to send them to school. those who drop out of school halfway or those who speak English – drop-outs.
The introduction of such tournaments has encouraged and inspired the athletes of the State to work hard.
He said that this has created a problem and discrimination on the part of the government towards the deficit teachers.
“The Rangbah will go to his household, he will provide food and drink for the household. I am your mother and your children,” he said.
The Khasi District includes the Khasi States etc. In the Constitution of India on 26th January, 1950, the Sixth Schedule was included in the Constitution.
Shillong, Naitung 01: The newly appointed Director General of Police (DGP) SK Jain today said that the word Acting DGP is not appropriate to use because acting means acting.
On the other hand, the members of the Vigilance Committee said that the distributor said that the Government releases only 5 kilos per card.
All residents will have to participate in the registration process when government officials come to their villages for this purpose.
Regarding the incidents of violence against women and children, Bah Mayraldborn, expressed his sadness, as such incidents of violence have increased with the passing of the days, which has led to also the violence against women and children.
The meeting was conducted by the President of Jowai Branch, Mr. NR Gassah who welcomed all the participants and delivered short speeches from Bah A.Sun and Prof.DRL Nonglait President KAS. KAS General Secretary Dr RP Kharshiing.
Amit Shah was also present on the occasion: BJP General Secretary Ram Madhav, Assam Finance Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma, Nagaland Second Chief Minister Y. Patton and BJP President from Mizoram. JV Moon.
One day when all the workers had left, only Peter was left because the master had said that he would wait that day.
Newly registered Fair Price Shop dealers are required to deposit Rs 5000/- as a Security Deposit.
Police have not arrested anyone at the time of writing.
At present, there is only an ILS or instrument landing system.
“We the people of Garo Hills, we hope that the Garo language will be included in the Khyrnit Baphra on the basis of a special snap.
For West Khasi Hills, Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Tourism will be the Chairman. Rambrai, Deputy CEM, Banjop Pyngrope, MDC and DC West Khasi Hills will be the Member Convener.
“We also hope that the leaders will do something to protect and fight on this issue,” he said.
Kim, in recent months, has stopped wearing a $1.3 million ring from Kanye West and lives with her children in Los Angeles, while Kanye (43), lives in Wyoming.
“In the same way, we have also taken action in connection with the Digital Day which coincided with this Good Friday.
However, in the agreement to resolve the border between the two states, it has been decided from the beginning that there will be no exchange of goods and services. It is impossible to get only Meghalaya what it wants and to get only Assam what it wants is impossible.
In his reply to the Budget Session, Bah Sniawbhalang said that Shillong has been included in the Smart City project and the allocation of funds will be 50:5
“After receiving a tip on the presence of these people, this morning, the Ambasa Police Station conducted a search operation and seized a vehicle with the registration number TR- 01BU 0234 (Mahindra, 4×4) on Kamalpur Tri Road.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HPWU) will hold a General Meeting on the 26th of this month at 9:30 pm.
Furthermore, the village members or vigilance committees should be responsible for sending the applications and submitting them to the office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) East Jaintia Hills District on or before 30th July except for any defect in the distribution of food and drink, as well as in the oil.
This means that the state will reach more than 18 lakh voters in the state next month.
Whoever stands up will be judged – Judged.
The union questions the Nongmihkhmat of the area and the PWD Department, why for many years they have not seen this road and leave these villages alone.
He said that if this continues, it could cause disruption in the construction of the road and the loss will be to the people.
For this special camp, the Unit would like to express its gratitude to the Principal of Jaintia Eastern College, the Waheh Chnong of Narwan Village together with the residents of the village and especially to the NSS Cell, NEHU, Shillong. the mother of NSS units in the state who has guided the unit in many ways.
Police have recovered T.19,500 from these 21 vehicles.
If the country really develops, the most important thing is the development of the rural areas, and if the rural areas can develop in roads, education, health and income, it is on its way to success. to throw to the thong.
Besides, there have been other gruesome murders and in these days, police have recovered a body in Umïam area and this body is headless.
He said that these houses include the houses of Kyrshan Nongsiej, Thelbon Wahlang, Modes Wahlang, Maria Wahlang, Agnes Wahlang, Victory Wahlang, Rekha Wahlang, Melina Wahlang, Elizabeth Wahlang, and Edwina Nongkhar.
Media reports said that until now, the people of Mawhati have been visiting Bah Julius from time to time inside the jail to talk about business.
The construction of the Additional Office Building of the JHADC has also been completed.
“It will not be possible at once because the need for funds is high but we have set a goal to achieve it and we will move forward,” he added.
The Janhit Party, a group that will take part in politics, has already been announced by a former RSS member. Madhya Pradesh has been working hard to improve its governance ahead of the elections to be held later this year in Madhya Pradesh.
Since Goa Chief Minister Pramod Sawant announced that his government has appointed a Special Investigation Team (SIT) for the first time to investigate the ownership of The implementation of the land allocation within the state has started.
The heavy rainfall has caused the Umkhrah River to rise and this river flows to fill the Umïam Lake along with the Umshyrpi Lake.
Wanglet lodged a complaint with the Sardar Police Station that on the 19th of last month, a man named M. Marak and a female security guard at Golf had threatened him.
The library was inaugurated by Roman Ningthoujam of Goonj Foundation as the chief guest in the presence of Bah C.Shabong of Gram Savak Mawsyntai Circle as the chief guest. Yadav from Piramal Foundation, Sylvester Makri Rangbah Nartap Village, Albert Syngkli, Stefort Dkhar, John Kurbah, members of the Dorbar Shnong, parents and others.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya said that they are trying to arrange the dates between him and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sharma.
Four people have died, all of whom have not been injected.
Punjab came out without the team's leading players Harpreet Singh as goalkeeper, Rohit Sheikh and Biplub Kala as goalkeepers.
Others who do not have the necessary documents have been ordered to stop working.
On the other hand, a case of Covid-19 from West Garo Hills District has recovered from the disease.
Speaking at the election campaign for Vincent H Pala, Congress MLA Charles Marngar said, “We have three MLAs, we advocate for the people, we have MP and we will win again and believe it or not the Congress will come one day.
U.P School, Nongkhlaw, Headmaster, Mawsaw Govt.
These Regional Committees will meet again in November.
He said that the purpose of setting up the area as a containment zone is to enable the health department to trace the people who have been in contact with these people.
The Shooting Association of Meghalaya (SAM) has elected new office bearers for the term 2023-2
Shillong: A group of five political parties, which formed and organized the Save Hynniewtrep Mission, today came out to urge the government to implement the objectives of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission. six weeks now.
And the British rule ended in 1947 when he divided the borders by his wisdom to distinguish between Muslim countries and Hindustan, and that was it.
Shillong, Jymmang 10 : The Central Government is ready to support Meghalaya to develop its own garment manufacturers and garment production in the State.
Or do you know that the Khasi sleep on things which are like a dirty pig and smell like a tungrymbai and that it is difficult for them to sleep like that? Or is it because the Khasi are 'lamlien, lamlen' to associate with the speakers, so that they don't want to separate from the speakers because partly they are religious languages ​​and partly they are religious languages. At the same time, you can think of how it can happen that if the customs are cleaned up, so that they can be eradicated, they will affect or cost hundreds of billions of dollars in the money of the people, especially eh îa the budget of the State Government, because it is the Government which has to provide financial assistance to all those people who have a role in the eradication of illegal immigrants, for example, civil society organizations. different ones and different churches and so on? This is the fact that if you delete, erase the contents of various books, published and sold in various markets and bookstores, it will affect or cost perhaps not only hundreds of billions but thousands of billions, only the thit of the sohpyut will be clean; but this will be one of the most difficult uphill tasks, even if it is not difficult to do.
She said that many of the fences at Viewpoint and other areas have collapsed and if they are touched by mistake, they could collapse, but the government has decided not to do anything about them.
Mawhati MDC, Bah Charles Marngar said that they will soon seek clarification from the Chief Minister and the Minister in charge of the state government. District Council on this issue.
He said that it is surprising that the government is listening without any effort to resolve this issue even after the teachers have requested.
upper Primary School.
Other issues include strengthening the District Council in Nongstoin to strengthen and increase the number of departments to provide services to the people and to strengthen the markets which employ thousands of people. traditional rule in the villages and in the Hima Sima.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 5 cases including 4 high risk cases and one case from outside.
“Many youths these days have started to get involved in many kinds of evil deeds such as drug abuse and other evil deeds because they have lost hope just because they are unemployed,” he said. said Firstbornjohn Marngar but they should not stop there but should create opportunities by trying to stand on their own feet by bringing in many kinds of income opportunities.
Some of the great contributions of this great man are: The introduction of the Khasi alphabet; the establishment of primary schools; the struggle to protect the rights of the Khasi from the hands of the English.
Further, he added, “I am here to serve the teachers and the service will continue.
“In Meghalaya, the number of Scheduled Castes is about 25,000 which is only 0.58% of the total population in the state.
The Government has also directed that drivers should strictly follow the rules and regulations of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Speaking on the occasion, Treiborlang R Suchen urged the players to continue to love football and to continue to play chess as War Jaintia has produced many players like Phrangki Buam who has arrived. The ISL is the biggest sports tournament in India.
Meanwhile, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that Article 371 still needs to be discussed and it is not appropriate to take a decision at present.
Not far from this place, there is another valley called the Pungshwa Valley in the Thyllong River.
Shillong, Lber 18: The President of the Voice of the People (VPP) on Saturday said that the VPP's victory in the last elections has protected the NPP from the elections. you rule alone.
Shillong, July 20: The Cabinet meeting today approved the nominations for various awards on the recommendation of the Advisory Committee for the Meghalaya Day Awards.
Yellow House won the March Pass and Blue House won the title.
Shillong: Twelve new cases of coronavirus have been confirmed in East Khasi Hills District today, including 11 cases in East Khasi Hills and one case in East Jaintia Hills District.
Kyrmen Shangdiar said that the government is not the government of any party but the government of the people in the state as a whole. The economy of the state is not limited to the areas or constituencies of the leaders in power but should look at salonsar without partiality to bring about economic development.
It is here that it affects the future of those who want to study abroad or in more prominent schools and colleges.
Lajong have scored 18 points from eight games in the Shillong-Guwahati Zone.
Ram shi ram from time to time until he was able to listen.
The festival will be opened by the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma at 4 pm tomorrow at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
Although there were victories and defeats in this match, these youngsters were able to showcase a beautiful performance which shows that the women's football game in the state is now in its infancy. began to rise.
“Mama, I want to leave tomorrow afternoon because they need to leave the house, do you know how it will be Mama...” said Bahnah. Bahnah's master was very happy and said, “Khublei shibun Mama...” All day long Bahnah was happy because what he had planned had come true.
Shillong, July 23: The Shella Presbytery House has opened its office at Riatsamthiah, Shillong.
There are about 12 foreign traders including exporters and shopkeepers who have surrendered before the KHADC.
He said that if there is any mistake they should have spoken in language and understanding but this brutal behavior of the Nepalis to touch the Khasi first is unacceptable. The village council condemns this incident which has caused a disturbance in the peace and order of the people while the government is fighting to resolve the border issue and hopes that peace and order will return to the area after the law enforcement agencies have taken action. need.
“We expect that after the end of the election campaign, Amit Shah will come to Shillong.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 19: In connection with the KJP Synod Sepngi Youth Service to be held at the Nonglang Presbyterian Church, Tynghor Presbytery from the 24th to the 26th of this month, the Nonglang Presbyterian Church has Inform all paid Christians who wish to attend this Synod.
The payment she received from the employers was less than what the donor had promised.
along with his wife Neinihiwot Passah and three children.
The committee was formed at a public meeting held at the Community Hall of Mawlai Village this evening. Peppermint.
The Osmania and Gandhi Hospital was established even before the state was united.
He said this is just one of the “deadly” projects that have emerged from MPLADS and SUWP in Tura South.
On the day of the earthquake, the district authorities, police from NDRF, NEPA, Fire and Emergency Service, Civil Defense and others rushed to rescue the people who were trapped in the buildings to help them and take them away. also to hospitals by ambulance for emergency assistance.
(This is not only for male or female government employees).
If we give a 33% dividend, who’s going to fix that? If we do it ourselves, the Opposition will raise questions.
“I don't know why to put the name of the BJP, when I as an MLA, I don't know anything and if they want to make a statement to the media against the BJP or against the MDA government, I won't allow it. “They should take care that they should first talk to the state executive members before they talk to the media,” he added.
He said that Khasi films have contributed a lot to the government by paying taxes through GST in the tens of lakhs per annum.
“I am surprised that during the elections they protested against them on their campaign platforms but after the elections they came to Conrad Sangma's bus where they were allowed to stand on the footboard,” he said. she said while welcoming Bah Hamlet Dohling to the NPP at a large rally held at Umlyngka Square.
After receiving approval, the Private Member's Bill will be placed as a Pending Bill and after that there will be another vote among the Private Member's Bills and if the Bill is elected it will be debated in the Rajya Sabha. the next meeting.
These four organizations are the Hindu Maha Sabha.
“Since the people elected me as MLA in 2018 and until now I have never distributed the MLA scheme outside the people but I distribute it when it is hot, clear and clean,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh. Speaking to reporters after the foundation stone laying ceremony for the construction of the new office of Mawkynrew C&RD Block, Mawkynrew C&RD Block.
Don't look for those who write these articles, who earn T.100-2
In many cases, the court has expressed its concern not only because the situation is terrible, but even the state government has no desire to do anything on this issue.
He said the NDA government under the leadership of Narendra Modi as the Prime Minister of the country has announced a donation for the COVID-19 pandemic. of farmers.
He said that these facts show not only that the people have complained about the excessive brooding in Ri Bhoi, but it can also be witnessed that from time to time the electricity supply is not sufficient. The residents are not able to use the electricity according to their needs as the electricity is cut off from time to time.
He also urged the youth not to act like blind people to turn to the night as this loss is great and especially the time of the youth who want jobs.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Congress and UDP parties have promised to invite Sohryngkham MDC Pyniaid Sing Syiem to their party. I will win the 2018 MLA election.
Kishlay Vishlux (2/24 for 6 overs) and Charm Marbaniang (2/30 for 6) took two wickets each while Banialam Mylliemngap (1/12 for 6) and Angkit Tamang (1) /32 out of 9) have been scored.
“When other states of the country are still increasing the age limit to 30 years for ST/SC applicants, we cannot understand why our government in the The ST-dominated state has imposed such a restriction on applying for these vacancies.
For the year to October, the sponsor's revenue increased to T.1,152 crore from T.550 crore in FY 2021, the BoM saw an increase of 25-30 crore. % in its net profit in the current fiscal year, thanks to a steady growth in net interest income (NII).
The road we are talking about here is the Shillong – Dawki highway which has been reported from time to time by landslides especially in the Rngaiñ area.
During the meeting, the President, Kyrmiki Dkhar, Vice President, Firstly Syad and other members discussed many issues. They said that they are facing problems due to the ban on quarrying and shyiap mining in the state.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has discovered the unsafe drinking water supply used by 44 villages in Shillong. The water sample was collected by the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) from 46 villages in Shillong on 22nd July this year.
In West Garo Hills, there are six cases including five high risk cases and one health worker.
Then training on how to use Social Media.
The incident occurred at 10:55 pm.
However, what I want to clarify is that the wording of the notification can be changed from time to time but the special thing is that the Constitution of the country has given them special powers according to the Sixth Schedule. Para 4 and 5 have already explained this so it cannot be at all that a notification from the Government of Meghalaya will change the provisions of the Constitution of the country but once again I would like to clarify that this notification will cannot be challenged and will not affect the District Council Courts”.
The growth of the media or the platform of expression through the Internet which is one of the technologies of today has indeed become an opportunity for many to express themselves.
Earlier, MHJS District & Session Judge-cum-Chairman, DLSA, Mawkyrwat welcomed the guest speakers while T.Lyngwa, Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat, welcomed the guests. Khasi Hills District gave his congratulations.
If we can generate electricity from gas, it will not affect the environment,” said Ronnie.
The MMDR Act 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rules 1960 do not stipulate the minimum area for coal mining, but the MDA government stipulates 100 hectares (220 acres). I don't have the right to apply for prospecting license and mining lease,” he added.
He said that at present, the number of forests in the state has decreased.
The candidates launched the common platform held by the Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang this evening at the ground floor of the Indor Hall.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Arpit Upadhayay was also present as the chief guest. -SEMAM and other officers from the District Education Department.
Sarma said there are new Mughals in Assam these days, who have to fight against them, but Sarma did not explain what the term 'modern Mughal' means. ' or the new Mughals.
Medaria Kharkongor (50') and Peacefully Nongrum (65') scored 10 assists each in the final.
The Chief Superintendent of Police said that the court has authorized five days to remand the suspects for further investigation.
On this occasion, Bishop Marwein unveiled the Lama Jubilee as a sign of the end of the Golden Jubilee of the Parish and also released a Souvenir of the journey of the Parish in the past 50 years. .
This was announced in a statement issued by the Secretary Shnong Stephen Kharbani.
Shillong: All Saint's Diocesan Higher Secondary School, Shillong has organized a World Environment Walk with the participation of more than 250 students. including class 8, class 9 and class 10 with teachers.
Sleep deprivation and what you need to do :Sleep deprivation can lead to physical and mental health problems.
“In the past, when we walked a few people, they didn't listen and thought that now we will have 100 people,” said Bah Blah.
Shillong, July 23: Hundreds of members of the Greater Shillong Progressive Hawkers and Street Vendors Association (TUR) on Friday expressed their condolences to the state government. The Municipal Board has removed the land from the GS Road, Them Bijoy two months ago.
The growth of tourism in the region depends on pilgrimage-related tourism.
This practice of buying the people to support any candidate has become very common in our State.
On receiving information about the incident, the MDC of Mawhati Constituency, Bah Charles Marngar, immediately rushed to the scene to find out the truth. There was a heated argument between Bah Charles Marngar and the Assam Police and in this incident Bah Charles did not allow the Assam Police to act violently but stood firm on his ground that The Assam Police Station should be immediately removed from Umlaper village which is a threat to the peace and order of the people of Umlaper village.
If you have any questions, please contact us at news@gmail.com.
The JSM said that it has been witnessed that the highway does not have proper drains and the water during the rainy season has flowed into the road which has caused the smell of garbage from the drains in Wapungskur, Ladrymbai and other places. village.
These fruits are not only rich in fiber which helps in the digestion of food in the stomach but also promotes and facilitates the production of waste (eight) because they have the power to soften the stomach and thus prevent you're right.
His statements may not make sense.
The Confederation of Ri-Bhoi People (CoRP) and the KSU Nongpoh Circle have expressed their deep sorrow over the network outage at the bank. the public shall not seize or deposit money.
Clubs that cannot join must be registered.
To win the Christians of Meghalaya, support or support the Christian candidates nominated by the NDA allies. East.
“You see, Thei, the mobile phone has its part and through it it brings something.
Our leaders should understand that the seat is only temporary.
Indeed, in the past decades (1979 and 1987) Shillong has also experienced ethnic clashes which have resulted in killings and bloodshed.
He decided not to contest the election and to support Rymbai in the 2014 election and Rymbai appointed him as Vice Chairman at a salary of 50,000 per month.
The food also includes the fish they get from the rice fields.
The AJCCTA has invited all truck owners and drivers to attend the meeting to take a decision on that day.
The UDP hopes that this time the power of government will be the turn of the ethnic parties led by the UDP and the HSPDP. They also discussed issues related to how to strengthen the party and ensure victory in the upcoming MLA elections in the state.
He said that drugs are very common even in the Mawprem area where he leads and the Dorbar Shnong is very concerned about this.
KSU East Jaintia Hills District Secretary Kwill Suchiang has condemned the NPP-led MDA government for failing to provide security to the residents of the border area.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the Government has decided not to scrap the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act and Rules which delivereth the inhabitants of the city from the evil works.
These evidences obtained from the testimony of his beloved friend and Bah Jop have enabled him to be sentenced to death and brought to justice.
On the other hand, the president of Synroplang, Bah Robin Diengdoh, said that the aim of the party is to help the poor in the area, especially in East Khasi Hills District.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Pyrnai, Bah Khlumar Khongtim, expressed his regret that the existence of this office has not benefited the residents in terms of employment although some of them have received employment opportunities. training but they cannot start a business because they need a lot of equipment to buy.
The tournament was attended by Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing, WJDBA President James M Pohsngap, WJDSA Working President EMH Passah, Chairman and Secretary Teddy Laloo. and Richard Mylliem, members of the WJDBA and others.
This is a scientific scheme by the leaders of the Karbi Pnar Peace Committee (Khanduli Am-ih Area) to change the name of the committee which was formed when the two DCs of West Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya and and West Karbi-Anglong District, Assam.
“We are looking for land to park these buses as most of the schools do not have large parking spaces.
Unfortunately, although there are thousands of cows in the market, at the time we plan to buy cows, we don't get enough cows, because many of the cows are suitable for They were smuggled to Bangladesh, but were left in the market with Masi rikhoh and those who had been rejected.
He also encouraged the students of the school to join the defense services and serve India.
Imphal: The Constitution of India will be published in the written language of the Meitei Mayek, the Chief Minister of Manipur, N. Biren Singh, has said.
d) In 1829 Cherrapunjee became the capital of the Kharlieh in North East India.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Samla Jason Kharkongngor, owner of Umpohliew Wines, said that in his five years of experience in the wine industry, he said that this industry will be one of the most profitable sources of income. “I urge the youth to turn to this job because it is a job that has a future but it doesn't mean that it will produce a lot of money immediately but it will grow slowly. like a well that doesn't run dry from the rocks.
The UDP will soon announce its MP candidate and it is understood that there has been a ticket race between Robertjune Kharjahrin, former President of the HYC and Dr. DRL Nonglait, President of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS).
Likewise, it is with God that we do not receive an answer to our prayers because we ask for the wrong thing and He does not give it to us.
Shillong: The DKNRH and the Grand Council of Chiefs of Meghalaya (GCCM), through the Spokesperson and Spokesperson of the Federation of Khasi States, Bah John F Kharshiing, have expressed their strong opposition to the registration, 'Mining Lease' under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act
Cepheid said the devices, which have more than 23,000 GeneXpert Systems, will operate worldwide and provide information on the presence of diseases in the body within 45 minutes.
Others have become trapped in the city as supplies of food, water and medicines run short with Afghan troops battling the extremist militia forces.
Pala recently visited Umkiang East Jaintia Hills and found that there is a demand of 20,000 tyngka per truck carrying kwai and tympew, those carrying coal have to pay 1.5 lakh tyngka, those carrying shyiap have to pay 10,000 tyngka. , those who carried 20,000 tyngka and those who carried 2000 tyngka.
The Minister said that in the future, the people should not blame the government for creating districts without proper consultation.
Rajesh Tati scored 56 runs from 39 balls, Amiangshu Sen scored 36 runs from 30 balls, while Lakhan scored 3 wickets for 29 balls. Arvind scored 3 wickets for 17 runs in 4 overs.
Kailash Agarwal, a trader from Kolkata, used to buy Synsar from Ri-Bhoi every year because of the price of Synsar. it’s the tastiest!!! (Every year, broom trader Kailash Agarwal travels to the state’s Ri-Bhoi district from Calcutta to cash in “We come here because there is huge production of broom grass and the rates are the best," he says.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu has celebrated her 13th birthday in filmmaking and she said that all this is due to the support of the audience since the first time. that I have worked in the Tollywood industry.
Father Anthony Colenchery, Director of Divine Mercy Retreat Center Ladrymbai, said that although the prayers for the healing of the sick cannot come from outside Meghalaya, they have been able to pray for the healing of the sick. Father Anthony Colenchery, Director of the Divine Mercy Retreat Centre, Ladrymbai, said that on Saturday, there will be prayers for those who wish to pray.
The death toll has risen to 13 today, 15 yesterday, 21 on Tuesday and 26 on Tuesday.
The active participation of the people in the work of the community and in life and death encourages the Rangbah Shnongs and this will help to strengthen their work.
“The management of MCL has taken seriously this incident and has immediately dismissed these employees.
Besides, out of the 59 current MLAs, 45 or 76% are crorepati or MLAs whose net worth exceeds T.1 crore.
“If there is no unity, we will not be surprised, we will not be able to move forward,” said Bah Khongshei.
According to reports, the incident happened on Tuesday at about 5 pm due to a brake failure which caused the driver to lose control and which caused the incident. the truck did not overturn at the scene.
Other members of the union said that although the government has allocated funds for the construction of the road, it is exactly as it has allocated because it has insulted the people of the area and has not. think that you are a man.
In the women's category, Lyntijam from Ri Bhoi District came second and Dkhiah from East Jaintia Hills District came third.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, AT Mandal, said that five days have been allocated for the government and two days for the opposition members to bring any bills. if they exist.
“If we can formulate proper policies and do our job properly without any interference, we will reach our goal, although it may take longer but we will be able to improve the state and “It will be an example to others by introducing education from school children to students in the right way,” said the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma while speaking as the chief guest at the celebration of St Thomas Higher. Secondary School Mairang celebrated its golden jubilee today.
Some think that those who preach in churches and religious leaders are sinless saints.
“As the signs show, I tell the truth...on the night of the 14th when I received the phone, I came running and when I reached the house where they lived, people, families they were many and I went inside and saw the body lying in a small room," he said.
On the other hand, Mr. Garod congratulated the President of MSM, Bah Michael N Syiem and other leaders and members who have worked hard for the welfare of the people especially in the field of education. to educate the public in relation to the Right to Information Act, 2005 which is the right to receive information from various government departments.
The first part of the Prime Minister's Mann Ki Baat was launched on 3rd March 2014 (Thursday) at a special program of Vijayadashami on All India Radio (AIR).
The pre quarter match between the two teams was very interesting and at the beginning of the first half Iawphniaw FC took the lead by 1 goal. Rison Malngiang 24 minutes.
IIM Shillong will guide and support the implementation of successful practices and conduct programs to assist colleges and educational institutions to achieve this goal.
Dr. Sylvanus Lamare, in his speech as the Principal, said that most of the students at St. Edmund's College are from the rural areas and the College is pleased to be able to contribute to the young men from the countryside.
At this meeting, HANM has given nine days to the government and if this violence continues, the HANM and the people will not be able to come out and attack them by the people, he said. and Mr. Shaniah.
Although the KSU members have been arrested, the KSU has not remained silent but will now hold public meetings around the area to ask for the support of the people to stand united against the KSU. railway line while the laws against the entry of foreigners and foreign authorities have not been implemented.
Some of the issues that we need to address to improve the working methods of the leaders are as follows:.
The book was launched by Bah Auguster Lyngdoh Mawphlang, who is also the Vice President of the Seng Kur.
The trip, which will fly from Texas, will include an 82-year-old passenger and then an 18-year-old cash-paying passenger.
Nongpoh, November 07: With the aim of improving income generation in the rural areas and especially in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today laid the foundation stone of the For the construction of a border market at Pamsohbar village, Mylliem Hima, Ri Bhoi District.
Patna, Jymmang 21: The 16th Lok Sabha has been blessed with these two members of the House and leaders from Bihar.
Shullai said that his complaint was against the ban on beef by the Assam government, which has caused concern among the people of the state, who used to eat beef. said Shullai.
The union has found that many of the trucks, many of which do not even have number plates, are unloading coal at the coal mine at Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has withdrawn the 2000 rupee note from Tuesday, 19th July.
The arrested were identified as Ngyigide Jamina Okenchukwu (48), Okeke Ifechukwu John (27) and Koman Daniel (21).
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest, Bah Kimfa S Marbaniang, expressed his congratulations and praise to the government, saying that this government is ready to understand the needs of the people of the area.
The Save Hynniewtrep Mission is a group of five organizations including the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HANM), the East Jaintia National Conference (EJNC), the Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) and the Confederation. of Ribhoi People (CORP).
Most of these factory owners are from Haryana, Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Jharkhand and Assam among other states.
Shillong, July 9: Immediately after the swearing-in ceremony of the new MDCs of the KHADC, who won the mid-term MDC elections held in November last year, the MDCs of the HSPDP have immediately sworn in. The HSPDP has left the PDF to support the appointment of Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem as the Chief Executive Member of the KHADC. It is not clear whether the party is one of the parties that opposes the working methods of the EC in KHADC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ. They were also in the group, but it was seen that the MDCs of the HSPDP at that time, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem and Kong Teilinia Thangkhiew, had resigned and sat two on the opposition.
Shillong: The Minister of State for Education, Ma Lakmen Rymbui, today said that the State Government has decided to write to the University Grant Commission to extend the grant period. The examination will be held for Under Graduate and Post Graduate students.
Shillong: The residents of Gumaghat, have faced some difficulties in crossing the Jadukata River.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Pynshngaiñ N.Syiem, one of the Working Presidents of the MPCC, said that the election of the President of the AICC will not be slow in Meghalaya and if anyone wins, it will not affect anyone. than shane bad if you don't have a soul you don't have a soul.
Shillong: The residents of West Jaintia Hills District on the Bangladesh border, have been in great distress in the past few days, after the Border Security Force (BSF) The Bangladeshis came to India, but they were the ones who stirred up the people against the Indians.
Other sources said that Wasnik admitted that there was no demand for a change of leadership, but that it was only about the issues of work and the preparation to unite for the sake of the country. The 2018 elections are not coming.
The film stars the actors and actresses, including Sam, Arman Disiar, Barisha Mawlong and Sanmilian Marie.
If anything happens to these children, they should be taught to be brave and the community should be ready to help them.
But while she was thinking about this, she changed her mind and tried it the next day.
This meeting was organized by AMSSASTA, WKHD. The union leaders invite all the SSA teachers of these 3 districts, to come and take part in this meeting. The strike, which is scheduled to be held on the 15th of this month, has been scheduled to be held on the 15th of this month. of them, among other things, are the main issues of discussion.
These include EJH: 3, EKH: 62, NGH: 1, RBD: 7, SWKH: 12, WGH: 3, WJH: 9 and WKH:
He said the incident of 13 people being trapped in a coal mine in East Jaintia Hills is sad and the Congress has already spoken about the illegal mining in the last House but the government has not responded. with something.
Before the resolution, it was explained that A won and B lost.
Four years have passed since the PAB gave its approval but so far out of the 15822 teachers who have been allocated funds for training, none of them have received their certificates due to the lack of NIOS.” Why does the government play with the lives of teachers and students by wasting public money?
On the other hand, Bah Lait is now expecting to know something about the agreement.
He said that it is necessary to learn one's mother tongue along with English.
Regarding the concern raised by UDP Sohiong MLA, Bah Synshar Kupar Roy Lyngdoh regarding the plastic bag, Bah Ymbon said that the residents of the state do not have enough information on the plastic bag. relate to the vitamins mixed into the rice and say that it is plastic rice.
Samla Tyngshain Makri, said that the reason for the inspection was after the union saw that these buildings have been left unfinished and now they have turned into and which has also caused surprise to the people of the village.
New Delhi: The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 122 in the past 24 hours and the number of infections has risen to 3,5
This is also because this traffic jam has affected the movement of the people and school children and especially the fire trucks and ambulances which carry patients from one place to another. also to cause a tragedy just because of traffic.
MDA = Ksew nguid prie.
You must not speak harshly to Hiram.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 1: The Khliehriat Bar Association (KBA) today held its 4th General Election to elect and renew the office bearers of the Khliehriat Bar Association for the term of office from 2022 to 2024.
“The people should be wise to understand and not to be deceived by them,” he said.
He is one of the leading suspects in the blast,” said Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi.
“There is a long way to go to prevent this disease,” she said and called on the people, government departments and civil society to come forward to unite to fight against this menace.
This was explained by Bah SD Wanñiang, former secretary of the village.
He just looked at her and she did the same while the mother didn't know anything because she was playing chess.
When he couldn't stop, Uttam allowed Sapna to get closer to Raju and thus he took over the job himself and went to lead Sapna and show her. sit down with Raju.
At the same time, the VPP has expressed its opposition to the police covering up the protesters.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Elementary Pre-Service Trained Teachers Association (MEPTTA) has demanded that the government should scan the bodies of the candidates for the MTET examination. ) and CCTV cameras (Closed-circuit television) should be installed to prevent fraud.
There are still poor candidates like Arbiangkam Kharsohmat from Amlarem with only 9,000 rupees, Thosengcheba A Sangma of the Republican Party of India from Raksamgre constituency with only 22,000 thousand rupees and eight others with 50,000 rupees or less. their affidavits.
May God bless this hospital and continue to serve the people of Meghalaya.
The Central Recruitment Board (CRB) has refused to release the results after an appeal was lodged with the High Court against the Central Recruitment Board (CRB). publish the result to date.
The son of man has been filled with blood.
No vehicles will be allowed to park from DC Point to District Library on the 13th and no vehicles will be allowed to park at Stand War.
They go straight out of state or even out of the Country.
In Sohra, angry residents of Shella Constituency have thrown stones at the office of the Sub Divisional Officer of Sohra Civil Sub-Division and the district. and Session Court and also set fire to the hill opposite the office of the Sub Divisional Officer.
Bharat mata is the mother of all of us and we have forgotten that we are all Hindus.
The Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong on Tuesday, 1st June 2024, has completed the ceremony of raising the ksing, which is the day of the sign to raise the ksing, nakra, bomb and tangmuri. To announce to the people of Bri Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum, the arrival of the season of joy and happiness in the form of the Shad Suk Mynsiem, which this time, this season of thanksgiving to God the Lord Kynrad will be held on the 13th, 14th and 15th of June at Weiking Square, Jaiaw, Shillong.
In this regard, he said that 30 MDCs will be consulted to think of how to resolve it.
“We don't trust the investigation of the state government or the Magistrates, we demand the CBI to investigate the case,” said GSU President Tengsak Momin.
The schools that reached the goal of winning were Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat (MGHSSM) in first place, Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, Mawlangwir (PHSSM) in second place and Nativity Higher Secondary School in second place. School, Mawkyrwat (NHSSM) in the third grade.
SC Sadhu, Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has been appointed as the Director of Community and Rural Development, Shillong and will also hold the post of Secretary to the State Government for the department. Fisheries & Water resources Development.
He said that as soon as he found the body, he immediately called for help and after a while, the village leaders informed the police. Police have taken the body for post mortem and are conducting investigation.
The most damaging pest is the rice weevil-Calandra oryzae.
Under 14(Boys) 1st Prize: Aman Chettri (Lumdiengsoh) 2nd Prize: Bikral Chyrrmang (Lumbasuk) and 3rd Prize: Deiwahun Pohsngap (Springside) Under 19(girls) 1st Prize: Diana Wahlang (Lapalang: Rjah Tariang) 2nd Prize ) and 3rd Prize: Mariba Langwar (Springside).
According to the HYC leaders, foreigners should provide labor license both from the state government and the district council.
Let us make the Bible speak against and condemn slander.
The construction of the Muga SSPC in Tura will strengthen the Muga seed sector where the state will be able to produce and distribute Muga silkworm seeds.
He said that through the completion of this bridge it will bless not only the farmers, but it will also benefit the villagers to promote tourism.
Speaking to reporters, she said that this is the first time that this has happened in the South Shillong Constituency.
Replying to a question in the House, Home Minister James Sangma said the state government has already launched an inquiry into the incident.
We’ll announce the team on November 4th.
Bah Mayral Born Syiem, who attended the programme, also handed over a check of T.1.50 lakh for the purchase of computers for the needs of the children of the school.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his happiness that he has been able to celebrate Christmas by donating these items to the people of Umjajew.
During adolescence when the immune system is still strong and the immune system is strong, it does not have much health effects, but still many young people they suffer from many kinds of diseases.
It is surprising that the Constitution or the supreme legislature of the country provides equal opportunity for women and men to participate in any field, including to run for legislature in the state ( MLA) or in the country as a whole (MP), while in the Dorbar Shnong women are not allowed to hold office.
He also urged the parents who have children with disabilities not to hesitate, but to come forward and take them to the government offices to get assistance from various government schemes.
On this occasion, the Kur has strongly condemned the murder of Bormi Pyrtuh.
KSU Senior Leader, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar said that it is necessary to speak to the second phase, when only the problems arising from the social conflict will lead to more and more problems.
The truck was heading from Killing area to Guwahati.
At this juncture, the party is well prepared and has also received the right candidates who have the hope of reaching the goal in the 2023 elections.
This shortage can be avoided if the State Government and Government officials are responsive and listen to the concerns of the residents.
No rockets no jets are as fast.
Therefore, my dear country (Head of State and People), how much more do you have? If the village does not allow foreigners to live and work, does anyone dare to force you to allow it? If you don't have a house/jaka and you don't have a job in another state, do you have anyone who wants to tell you that you don't have a job in another state? If you as a Syiem/Lyngdoh/Doiloi do not allow foreigners to live on the land of your Hima/Raid, do you have the willingness to come and change? If you are willing to give land to foreigners to live in (such as around the market and other places), why not give land to your own children? Not only that, the holders of power in the District Council also have the responsibility to turn their backs and immediately end the corruption.
No intimidation or violence against anyone is allowed, it is essential to maintain peace and order in the villages and townships within the District.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Sñiawbhalang Dhar expressed his satisfaction that the Seiñ Raij Tuber has erected a three-storey monument and a statue of the hero. .
Surveillance for ASF will continue until it is confirmed that the disease is clear.
The rally was led by Bah Marcus Marten, President HNYF, NR, in the presence of office bearers of the HNYF from various Units and Circles.
The death toll from the coronavirus in India has risen to 11, following the death of a man in Tamil Nadu.
The rice has been allocated separately for Lower Primary, Upper Primary and Bal-Vatika for Pre-Primary Schools, and the rice will be delivered to the school free of charge.
“Jaiñtia Hills District should be a district that has grown in all aspects, through the blessings that have come in the past three years”, said Sniawbhalang Dhar. , Police Stations, Sub-Centres, PHCs, CHCs and others have been established in Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep would like to extend its special congratulations to the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep who have come out to support the Union since the beginning of the protests.
“I have informed that I want to meet the Minister of Defense regarding the Cantonment Board land which has been proposed to be handed over to the Municipal Board which is a public land,” he said. before he left for Delhi.
“Without any mistake in life, to reach this level where even my parents in Guwahati don't recognize me and in the midst of difficulties and challenges, I hope that I will be able to overcome them,” she said.
The Indian government has confirmed that a 68-year-old man has died after being injected with the coronavirus vaccine.
On the 23rd March, the First Division match will be played between Dulong and Luti Tuber at 12.00 pm.
The House also passed the Meghalaya Minor Minerals Concession Rules 2012 relating to the mining of shyiap in the state.
Bah Phrang Kharpan, who was the President of the Block during his time with Bah HDR, said that it was because of the way of working that they started to smile.
On Sunday, the Prime Minister praised Narendra Modi for his visit to Shillong and now we expect the Prime Minister to fulfill Modi's wish to distribute the right share. the rights of the poor, said Marak.
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 394, the death toll has risen to 1,485 and the number of cases in the state has now risen to
He said that the priests and Christian leaders were in the forefront of the Delhi police arrest and put them inside the bus. and they cried out, 'Hallelujah.
The existence of this Muslim temple in Jerusalem came after the Jews scattered around the world.
On the demand of the BJP, UDP and AITC leaders to set up an inquiry into the allegation of illegal mining and trade in coal in the state, the Chief Minister said, “I have not received any complaint yet. on this point and we will examine if there is such a claim".
Therefore, he said, the actions of all countries have prompted Russia to act as it does now.
This office has become an illegal wealth generating office for decades according to the findings and findings of many citizens.
The program was also broadcast on FM 100.1 MHz, 4970 kHz, SW-60.36 m and AIR from 4.30 pm to 7.30 pm. - Shillong – 864 kHz, Guwahati, Itanagar, Imphal, Aizawl, Agartala Kohima, Gangtok.
He joined the Salesian Society of Don Bosco in 1954 and left Malta for India in 1956 and was ordained a Priest in 1966 in Shillong by Archbishop S Ferrando. , SDB.He worked in various places in Meghalaya and Assam, in 1966 he worked at Don Bosco in Guwahati, in 1969-1970 in Sohra, in 1970-1972 in Pynursla, in Cathedral Parish Laitumkhrah, 1972-1977 at Jongksha Parish, 1977-1980 at Christ King College, 1980-1983 at STC and in 1983, he was appointed Director of Don Bosco Youth Centre. Shillong.
According to the Assam Gazette of March 13, 1957, SC Kagti, Secretary to the Govt.
Ram Kumar S, LS, Secretary, Health and Family Welfare and others, has been transferred from the post of Director, Program Implementation and Evaluation.
A.Nongrum is a War because he lives in the war area while B.Nongrum is a Khynriam because he lives in the Khynriam area and K.Nongrum is a Bhoi because he lives in the area. They call it Ri-Bhoi and one of the things that unites us is that the Nongrum of War, the Nongrum of Khynriam and the Nongrum of Ri-Bhoi are brothers.
The All Jaintia Muster Roll Workers and Labor Union (AJMRWLU) has threatened to strike if the salary is not paid by the 17th of April.
KHNAM has decided not to take part in the meeting convened by the government.
Members of the Christian church should have been surprised and asked questions before their leaders.
They held a meeting to confirm the new Minister in the presence of Lyngdoh SL Lyngdoh Mawlieh, Minister SS Khongsngi, Bah Baristar Khongsti and Minister JS Khongwir.
For those readers who don't know and have reached Syntung, Jatah, Nonghulew, Siangkhnai or Nohron, the nearest villages are – Mawlang, Mawjatap and Siangkhnai from the east; the city of Mahli, and Mahnah, and Nohron.
She won the Miss India Glamor 2018 National Pageant in Guwahati and represented India for the Miss Queen of the University pageant held in Johannesburg, South Africa.
As the party, we will not sit idly by on this important issue but we will continue to monitor,” said Bah Rani.
Regarding the border of our country (the UKJ Hills Autonomous District), the District Council has not yet been established. The area of ​​the UKJ Hills Autonomous District has been reduced by removing the areas called Block-I and Block-II.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association has signed a memorandum of understanding with a training center in Bengaluru to train these young women.
“What makes the Meghalaya government cannot show this is that it shows that there is something behind it and that is why the government is hiding,” he said.
Augustine Mukhim scored the first goal for Wahiajer while Hanson Pdang scored the first goal for CSA in the 58th minute.
And he called the name of the city Lampi, Sampi.
The office bearers of the Bakur Unit include Keepmewll Lamin President, Vice President Nickson Lamin, General Secretary Schefer Pohlong, Assistant General Secretary Khrawbok Khonglah, Sport Secretary Bijoy Surong, Finance Secretary Cardinal Talang, Publicity Secretary Lickery Lamin and 10 executives.
Speaking on raising awareness among the public about human trafficking, Bishnoi warned that there is a long way to go to curb this problem. I believe jam.
The proposal to build a railway line in Ri-Bhoi District and East Khasi Hills (Shillong) has been pending for many years but has not yet been implemented. The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has refused to issue NOC for the construction of the railway line on the grounds that the state does not have a law to prevent flooding. that poiwir from other states.
He urged the farmers, both those who are in this area and those who are not, to be united and to understand each other to free from the clutches of middlemen).
“In the last 15 months, not a single minister of the NDA government has been involved in corruption.
Benzema is reported to have sustained injuries to his right thigh, Le Parisien reported.
He said that if the road is built by the company which is building the Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji road, the people will face a lot of problems especially the school children who come from Nonglwai to Kynroh and from Kynroh to Nongkynjang. schools are located on both sides of the Kynshi River.
Larry would like to thank the Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Mawroh for encouraging the MBA to use this indoor stadium which is also a boxing hall. and select the team of men and women of the state to compete in this biggest tournament in the region.
He said that according to Article 191 (1)(a) no MLA can hold two posts or benefit from income and this action of the Congress government is a violation of the Constitution. .
He took part in the Run Meghalaya Association.
Reston Jala has lodged a complaint with Mawlai PS that on 15th November last year, a man named Phulson Nongkynrih had cheated him of T.8 lakh 32 thousand tyngka.
“If we don't stop the strike, how can they fulfill our demand and we have explained to the workers about this,” said Bah Rumnong.
Party leaders and workers should look not at others, but at themselves and remember that whether they are white or black, or short or tall, they are their own.
Shillong, March 23: The KSU Sona Pyrdi Unit, after receiving a complaint from the residents that there is a post light in Shillong, has been arrested. The inspector found that an electrical wire had burned down and immediately burst into flames.
Shillong, July 18 : The MDA government, which has completed 100 days recently, has tried to work for the welfare and benefit of the people of the state, said the former Mawlai MLA and Co. – Chairman Bah PT Sawkmie talking to reporters.
The union will continue to hold checks at all places where coal trucks pass as a sign of strengthening the corruption system of the MDA government. illegal trade does not have to pay taxes.
On the first day of the programme, various competitions were held, including information, drawing, painting, dancing, singing, dancing, talent competition and public explanation by the Skill office. Development.
Media reports said that the Israeli attack was actually on Sinwar's house.
Jowai, June 13: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today angrily took a mawria from the NJB road and showed it to the EE on the construction of this road in the village. .
The demand of the three groups is not for any discrimination against anyone or the society but for the benefit of the Garo youth who are working hard to complete their studies despite many difficulties. aki mad as in the receipt of the book.
Police have come to take over the vehicle after the fire was extinguished by fire engines.
"# R.W.8.
Now the question is, has he been ordered to shoot a person if he carries a cow,” said Bah Khongngai.
“The JAC would like to strongly criticize the VC's false claims regarding the committee's list of demands as published in the media.
The EM Incharge of the Taxation Department of the JHADC, Winning Garland Sungoh, has clarified that the allegation by the JSU that the council has misused T.5.78 crore is true. which is not founded.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) has found that the State Food Safety Laboratory (FKJGP) has conducted a report on the water supply in Pasteur Hills Shillong. The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government should not take stingyly the report sent by the FKJGP. Shillong: 46 water tanks in different villages in Shillong on the 22nd of July
Ri Bhoi also won the bronze medal in the mixed team event after beating Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
He said the party has not decided on the Chief Ministerial candidate.
This decision was taken after the expiry of the deadline given by the Association to the Vice Chancellor of NEHU to cancel the notification issued on 12th November this year sent to the Principals of NEHU. The Colleges affiliated to NEHU by the Officer on Special Duty (OSD), CDC, NEHU, Debasish Chowdhury, which was allegedly misleading and incompatible.
I tell you that the NPP Government has tried its best and we will continue to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the State,” he said.
Ayoshee's GreenNE helps to develop farmers and preserve the natural resources that Meghalaya and the North East have provided.
In those letters, the Chief Secretary and the DGP should also mention why both of them should not be subject to the rules of violating the orders of the High Court because they have not done anything and have failed to ensure that it is not. to have illegal mining and transportation of coal.
Of these 226 cases, 8 cases in Dhoram, 21 cases in Ichamati, 16 cases in Jaiaw, 8 cases in Laban, 6 cases in Mawshbuit, 15 cases in Nongkrem, 5 cases in Nongmynsong, 19 cases in Nongrimbah, 13 cases in Umpper and 5 cases in Nongsh. Shillong.
Nongstoin, July 12: U Bah Bansaiohbor Mawtyllup, one of the eight candidates for the HSPDP Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency for the upcoming mid-term elections to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), has been elected. announce that he has withdrawn as a ticket applicant.
The neighboring farmers may not be from the same kur or may not be relatives, but only fellow human beings and neighbours.
It is also her third medal at the National Championship after winning a bronze medal at the Cadet National Championship 2022 and a bronze medal at the Sub-Junior National Wrestling Championship
As an organization that looks after the welfare of the farmers especially the welfare of the farmers because it is no longer enough to market their produce since the lockdown.
Other BJP MPs who have tested positive for the virus include Topon Kumar Gogoi from Jorhat and Dilip Saikia from Mangaldoi.
Speaking to reporters on the same day, Putin sent his condolences to the families of all the victims, including nine people on board the plane. Wagner's chief of staff died in the crash.
He said that the leaders of the MDA government have met with the Defense Minister Amit Shah three or four times on this issue. The Parliament and the MDA government have been following up from time to time.
He urged the people of 2-Jowai to be far-sighted for their children and requested them to elect him for this election so that he can work for the people. to bring about change within the Constituency and the State as a whole.
The Provincial of SDB Shillong Province, Fr Paul O. Lyngkot, said that the Apostolic Nuncio and Archbishop Leopoldo Girelli will attend the service, which will be held from the 29th to the 30th of this month.
He said that it is for this reason that the interview for the post of District Social Welfare Office of West Khasi Hills has been postponed.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has said the Indian government should order its troops to kill three Chinese soldiers if they shoot dead one of its soldiers. India.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs beat Moodymmai Cricket Club by 27 runs in the semi final match played on Tuesday at the Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium.
According to a report collected by Indian intelligence agencies, Hardeep Singh Nijjar, a member of a Canadian-protected militant group, was found to have been arrested. He has been involved in terrorist attacks in India since the 1980s and has links with terrible robbers since the age of young.
As soon as the daju entered the market, the farmers had to pay the tax to the tax collectors.
Look at these examples:Some villages are too smart to allow neighbors from other villages to pass through their village.
HSPDP MLA Hoping Stone Lyngdoh is the Chairman of the Public Accounts Committee.
It is to be recalled that Bah Tiklu, a member of the Meghalaya Sports Climbing and Mountaineering Association (MeSCMA), has left for Uttarakhand with the assistance of the Directorate of Climbing and Mountaineering. Sports and Youth Affairs of the State Government through MeSCMA to participate in the Advance Mountaineering Course.
Residents can also listen to the program on the Twitter accounts of ECI & All India Radio.
Josper S Dura, NongshkenIntroduction: The origin of the District Council in the Tibal Area of ​​Assam is Article 244(2) and 275 (1) of the Constitution of India.
The TTAADC land is owned by the villagers and is owned by one third of the population of Tripura.
He said that each project includes the construction of Traditional Dwelling Cottages with bedrooms, living rooms, toilets, spectacles and others worth T.9.91 lakh and so far 955 of them have been completed. was able to complete the work.
Shillong, Lber 23: Iborina Shylla today filed her nomination papers as an independent candidate for the 1st Shillong Lok Sabha constituency.
It will also be the time when Jesus will rebuild Mount Zion because it has fallen.
He also recalled how during his tenure as leader they worked with a strong spirit and how the party has been able to do many things for the country and the people.
Also present on the occasion were Advocate of the Supreme Court, Kynpham Kharlyngdoh, Resource Person, Synshar Lyngdoh Marshilong, Chief Guest, Samla Rangbah of the District, Kordorlin Kharlyngdoh, Office Bearers of the Supreme Court. Resparland Lyngdoh, Justwellin Marweiñ and others, Secretary of the Women's Association, Darity Lyngdoh, Members of the National Youth Volunteers of Sohkhyllam Kendra Sangathan, Nongstoiñ and parents, youth and children.
On this occasion, Rev Derric P Pariat, Pastor of the Unitarian Union of North East India, gave a detailed explanation on the Unitarian Church in Nongthymmai and recalled the contribution of the two women. Kharbithai and Yen Nongkhlaw were the founders of the committee.
The body was found in Tapa Darengchi on Saturday.
Speaking to media, Bah Metbah said, “There should be no load shedding at present.
In the U-16 Women's Football Category, four teams have participated including Mawpyrshong SC, Lhyon Madanlangning SC, Madanlangning SC and Rangngei SC. Mawpyrshong SC beat Mawpyrshong SC 3-2
New Delhi: A month after he proposed to step down as Congress leader, Rahul Gandhi today made it clear that he does not want to take part in the election of the party's new president. .
This was announced by the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh at the opening of the two-day meeting.
The war between Russia and Ukraine is on the verge of collapse, as evidenced by Russia's increasing deployment of troops and troops to the Ukrainian border.
He was a drug addict and it is suspected that he died suddenly due to drugs.
The Court has directed the Registrar General to register under WP(C) No.
What happened after 3 and a half years (and after 30 days) after the 1,290 days foretold by Daniel? Daniel 12:11.
In a statement, the Seng urges the public to be vigilant and disciplined before eating and drinking in foreign shops in Shillong Market to avoid such shops which do not push the cleanliness of the morning. The Seng informs the public that if any of the public find such shops, they should immediately inform the Seng so that it can take action. you're strong.
In a statement, KSSM Vice President P Dohling said that after seeing in the media the statement of the President of the Seng Khasi Mawsynram, Bah Tyllilang Myrthong that the Dkhars The KSKSM together with the Seng Samla Shnong Mawsynram in a meeting recently, said that the KSKSM and the Seng Samla Shnong Mawsynram have decided to lodge a complaint with the Mawsynram Krem. concerned about the statement to insult the political parties of the area.
At the same time, the CSWO also expressed its condolences to the families of those who lost their lives in the incident at Mookhep, East Jaintia Hills.
Training centers for the development and improvement of fish farming and training have been set up in different parts of the state with the support of NABARD. There has been an increase in health services in the state since the last few years.
Although Mawlai has made its first appearance in the OC Blue SPL after being promoted from the First Division, Mawlai have played well and have won six times. out of 11 goals, scored twice and scored only three goals.
(b) The second resurrection will take place at the end of the 1000 years on the day Satan is released from prison.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Controller of Examinations of MBoSE, Bah ER Laloo, said that the Board has not issued any announcement to release the matric results although it has tried to release them as soon as possible. u moon hi.
The EPFO ​​will develop software for the scheme and will also develop a transparent and accountable system on its part.
I didn't hear about it until the month of May.
The achievement of this government in various projects that the people have been waiting for since the beginning of their creation has not yet been fulfilled.
Shillong, July 15: The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) Ri Khasi Jaintia has decided to hold a meeting of the Union on 21st July 2016 at the Community Hall Wahingdoh, Shillong at 11 am. 10:00 pm to discuss these issues relating to the decision of the Meghalaya High Court, the amendment of Rule 20 (B) of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules 1990 issued by the Government through the authorities. against Government employees from carrying out Shnong duties and others.
“From now on, the appointment to the Council will be based on the skills and abilities of the candidates.
Tura, March 05 : The West Garo Hills Police have been included in the list after a policeman allegedly committed violence and violation of the law by uniformed persons. They have arrested an elderly man and his son and shot and tied them for land grabbing in Phulbari.
Kanol Majaw, Sordar of Raid Kongthong, was also present at the meeting.
The meeting unanimously decided to remove Balen from the post of president of AJCCTA and alleged that he violated the rules of procedure of the AJCCTA and elected an acting president who did not accept that the meeting had elected him (Kyrshan Dkhar) and Acting Secretary to Shaphrang Pajuh.
The order was changed after it was found that an elderly man from the village was not infected with Covid-19 and he is still undergoing treatment at the hospital.
And of that fact, the Word of God says: “God hath overlooked the times of ignorance” (Acts 17:30-31).
The objectives of the CLF are to improve health, education, self-help groups, income generation, to ensure the rights of SHGs and all residents. .
He said the office will have three parts, the first is the Social Sector which is the department to look after schemes, health, employment and others.
It is very different from the wheat I wrote about in the last chapter.
The Tripura Government this month has directed all government employees to be diligent in their duties in various government departments and if they fail to comply with the The government will take strong action against them.
Today, we are celebrating the Golden Jubilee of the State and it will be a memorable legacy from the opening of the C&RD Block at this place,” said the Minister.
years ago, I sent my two sons to stay in a private hostel who were studying at St. Anthony's and Shillong College.
Such a situation in which freedom reigns and not judgment will bring spiritual blessings over the years.
Kong Irin expressed her sorrow over this incident and urged the Syiem of Khyriem Hima and the District Council authorities to take action to investigate and arrange according to the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara people in the Khadar system. you are clean.
Senior leaders of the HNYF who met with the DC include Lambokstar Marngar, President KSU, Sengkmie, Welbirth Rani, President FKJGP, Bah Sadon KBlah, General Secretary of HNYF; Bah B.Marbanniang, General Secretary of RBYF with members and leaders of the RBYF in Ri Bhoi.
One of the elders of Nongstoiñ, Bah H.
He said the nomination of other parties is their free will and there is no restriction and will not be affected.
Although Ranveer did not reveal the location, it is understood that it will be in Lake Como, Italy.
In Ri-Bhoi, the disputed areas include Deshdomria, Bardua, Nongwah and Block-II.
“Ka seng has demanded from the CEM to stop the land holding and to conduct a ground survey so that the people who own land within the 21 lakh square meters can get their rights. If the council does not take action, the JNC will file a PIL. The Sports Authority of India (SAI) will admit the players to seven sports. Archery, Athletics, Boxing, Judo, Karate and Football will be held at the NEHU, Shillong from 8 pm this month.
This petition was written before the Khasi Hills signed the Instrument of Accession and before the meeting of the Khasi States Constitution Making Dorbar in
The total number of cases in India has risen to 1,35,27,717 with 12,01,009 still infected and 1,21,21 recovered. 56,529 cases, while the total number of deaths was 1,70,1
Pachiang said he has a desire to become the Prime Minister of India in the future.
Good humanity remains even though we have used new technologies and powers.
She also said that the students of Social Work are the tools who have been able to convey the message to the villages.
Shillong, Jymmang 26 : The Election Commission of India (ECI) today issued a show cause notice to the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) for allegedly violating the rules and regulations of the party. Silence Period 48 hours after the end of the election campaign period.
He did not have that slave mentality.
In Raliang, supporters of the UDP candidate Bison Iano attended a public meeting at Raliang.
He said that the issue of the government's inability to provide electricity in the rural areas has been raised. The transformers have been delayed in repairing the transformers.
“Biolinda has also requested the voters of Mawthadraishan Constituency to allow her to become their leader so that she can work with the people of this constituency. Constitution.
Besides all the members of STIEH who will take part in the prayer, there will also be other political parties and citizens who have the spirit to join hands.
The Secretary said that the Executive Committee requests any private individuals, civil society, civil society and various groups as well as government offices if there is any work required for any work in Kongthong. , please meet or arrange with the Sordar of the Raid, Bah Sylloklang Majaw.
To quote from the keynote address of Rgh Paia B Synrem, he said that from 2020 to 2023, the committee has not been able to hold this competition after two years of the outbreak of the disease. At the same time, Rangbah Sumar Singh Sawian (who passed away) was not in good health until the day of his death.
The incident occurred after a clash between the two groups on the road which led to the burning of a vehicle at Laitumkhrah Police Station on the night of 6th November.
“This was witnessed by the TMC at a meeting held at Mawsynram Block where the people started to listen to its principles,” said James.
This species of Risang is also able to fly from one tree to another and the way it spreads its wings is similar to the wings of the langbadur.
In 1993, AMKA was recognized by the Meghalaya Government and the State Sports Council of Meghalaya and in 1996 by the MSOA. It is the only Association in Meghalaya that has received recognition from these leading groups in India.
Speaking to reporters after the swearing-in ceremony, Ma Octonmewot Lamin said that the main objective is to strengthen the laws and procedures of the District Council.
"Alba's departure follows in the footsteps of captain Sergio Busquets, who will be bid farewell by the club this summer.
But the saying also goes that money talks people.
Speaking to media, u Bah Rymbui declined to disclose the names of the ksiang, but said that they have already sent the names of the ksiang and these names will be available. accepted by state and federal government.
Two women MPs shall not be allowed to contest from one constituency.
Upon arrival, he will stay with them for a few days and after that, he says, he will go to the North East or Bhubaneswar for his office work.
The Russian lost in the 11th round of the fight after being hit several times.
According to the information received, there are still some Khasi Pnar youths who are still involved in these robberies.
He said that the training is for women to fight against violence against them inside the state and on their way outside the state as well.
The KSU said the purpose of the festival is to put Shillong on the map to showcase the talents of the youth and to showcase the culture of the state.
The deterioration of the road has been so severe that vehicles such as sumo, bolero and other small vehicles have not been able to travel on this road for months due to the deterioration.
Hynniewta said the government receives about T.50 lakh every year from the tax collected from these farmers at the market.
Mr. AS Khongphai and Mrs. Mavis Dunn Lyngdoh were sent to Mr. GS Guha who represents the tribals in the Constituent Assembly of India.
He said there are two types of blood banks at the hospital, one for 35 days and the other for 45 days.
In Tripura, several houses were destroyed, four people were injured and an elderly woman died of a landslide. The deceased was identified as Kamalini Kanda.
“These gifts are temporary, but this program should be remembered forever," he said.
He said that soon after receiving information from the members of the Expert Committee, the party will send its recommendation.
After the results of class X and XII, the search for places to continue their higher education will follow and for those who have to leave the village especially those who continue their studies in Shillong, the search for places will follow. It's very difficult.
He said that the voters especially the Garo and non tribals have no relationship with these two parties.
He appealed to the residents of Meghalaya to join hands in the fight against this evil which has affected the youth of many households in Meghalaya.
Before the march, the party held a short meeting at Motphran, Jaiaw bus stop and started the march from Motphran to Khyndailad, DC office, the residence of the Governor, IGP, Dhanketi and ended up in the market square.
In a letter sent to the Minister of Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan, the Chief Minister requested him to direct the National Testing Authority (NTA) to immediately resolve the issue. claim.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong, who are still holding the MSL title, on Tuesday beat Mawten, Lajong to top Group C after They beat the team 5-1 at the MDSA Ground Mawkyrwat.
What is needed in this village and area is to get training and guidance in many areas, new technologies in agriculture, trade, skill development. , agriculture lines, farming, synrop work as taught through SHGs in the Block and other new techniques.
In these two years of the pandemic, the tourism industry has declined.
“At the recent meeting, he (Katakey) directed the Deputy Commissioners to record all the 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal announced through the Affidavit submitted before the Supreme Court. “The coal is lost, the people (coal owners) will have to pay the price,” said a news release from the meeting.
Besides, they also said that the education department in the state should allocate funds for the construction of the field as soon as possible because if it is left like this, the field will collapse during the rainy season. and there will be no cleanliness in the surroundings of the classrooms and there will be no order not only for the school but also for the students.
On the other hand, the Joint Director asked for time to clarify by next month on many aspects of this section which includes the provision of health care in schools and the introduction of Aadhaar to the students.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh said that our nation is like an aluminum box.
NOTE: All Villages should call the Sordar Mawria 8787885205, as only 5 Villages will be allowed per day.
We have heard from time to time that food poisoning causes illness and death in homes, but until now we have not received scientific input from schools. There are no doctors who have contributed to this issue which is necessary to avoid injuries.
The State Zoo has been allocated a budget of Rs 35 crore and all the construction works are in progress to make it such a place to preserve animals.
The purpose of this section is to prohibit the pollution of private individuals, households near the Umiam Lake, factories, schools, hotels, petrol pumps. garbage especially plastic bags which affect the cleanliness of the Umiam Lake.
The MDA Coordination Committee will meet next month to take a decision on this issue,” said Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister.
" Then he divided the fish into seven parts and we all had the same.
He said that the Wah Umlew in Umroi area of ​​Ri Bhoi district is a suitable river to set up a Fish Sanctuary by beautifying the area and it will benefit the people of the area in terms of employment. and income.
There are those who are still winning, there are those who are losing.
Shillong: U Ma Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs and Member of the Regional Committee for East Jaintia Hills, on Tuesday said that the Regional Committee has not yet submitted its report to the Ministry of Home Affairs. The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, has asked for 15 days to consider the matter.
Shillong, Lber 15: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngain N. Syiem today, they also discussed in the House on the issue of the district council and the state government such as the post of Rangbah Shnong, the post of MDC shu sieh, MUDA, and others.
However, the union urges the village headmen not to allow any army troops to come and seek land in the Sohra area, because we as members of the union understand clearly that the statement of the minister. It is a fraudulent scheme to allow the Assam Rifles to enter the Sohra area.
Stimac said the return of Chhetri will be very important for the team as he is not only the captain, but will also be an inspiration to all the players.
Bloomberg reported that five dogs used by the German army have been trained for a month to recognize those infected with the coronavirus.
Those who are still alive are SC Marak, Prof RC Laloo, SK Khongwir, Kong.
Bringing together rheumatologists, research scientists, academics, NGOs, industry leaders, government officials and the media, the event aimed to raise awareness about the challenges and to develop new techniques for the treatment of rheumatoid arthritis.
The preparation of the Departmental Proceeding is ongoing against the officer involved.
Speaking at the meeting, Makmilan explained that the All India Trinamool Congress is the most popular political party in India.
May God bless us and you too.
Police, on receiving the incident, rushed to the scene and took the bodies to Byrnihat CHC. The postmortem was conducted at the request of the victims. domestic.
Currently, 3.2 kilos of 'Karimunda' can be produced from one tree which is a total production of more than 10,000 kilos of sohmarit per annum.
The epicenter of the quake was 17 km from Tezpur, Assam.
Lavrov said Russia does not feel anything about Western trade sanctions against Russia, but is concerned that Western countries are blocking athletes, journalists. and traditional players.
If we have a group of 20 people and they earn T.1 lakh per annum in the group account and T.1 lakh in the personal account, then they earn T.2 lakh per annum. " said Conrad.
She said that as there is no Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme in the constituency, she had to help through the MLA scheme to deliver water to the households of the poor households.
The woman, Ridaroy Shadap, said that she was thanked by the police chief after she gave birth to a child from him.
“We have sent a proposal to the Government of India of T.282 crore but after consideration and arrangements in some areas, it has been decided to allocate T.151.95 crore, which will be 90% of the budget. central government and 10% from the state government,” he said.
“I don't have much hope because more than 10 million people depend on the coal industry in the state.
He said that those who elect the Congress will be like pleasing only a few contractors.
He said that he had applied for RTI three times regarding the road in the village, but the reply was that T.33 lakh has been allocated for 1 kilometer and for 1.80 kilometer the cost has been T.59 lakh but without explaining how this money was spent.
About 20% of the funding was allocated for the PRIME Kickstart Grant and the PRIME Innovation Scaleup which was allocated only to women-led startups.
“In fact, many parties have come to invite me to contest this election but I have to accept the decision of the people who have asked me to contest independently,” he said. Sun.
A short speech was also delivered by Rangbah Roland Wahlang who expressed his happiness to see the Kurs who have taken the initiative to attend the Dorbar Kur and urged them to continue to attend the Dorbar Kur. time and years to come.
The Rangbah Shnong of Umskun, Bah Stephan Kshiar, said that the village leaders are deeply saddened by the neglect of the villagers. It is also sad to see from time to time the problems of the people in coming and going and especially the school children and the sick.
“However, it is not right for everyone to worry about achieving this, in every constituency, it is easy but it also requires the right expenditure on the appointment of them,” she said.
The elections to the Legislative Assemblies of these states are considered as the semi-final of the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
The final match of the group stage of the Meghalaya State League (MSL) has come to an end on 6th July 2023 with Shillong Lajong FC qualifying safely for the tournament. Rangdajied United FC will face each other in the semi final on the 13th July 2023 at the same MDSA Artificial Turf Mawkyrwat.
This happened on Friday morning due to a malfunctioning steering of the vehicle.
Nongstoin, Naitung 24: Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills on Tuesday received another college, the Synod College, Nongstoin.
Speaking on behalf of the Hima Mylliem, Pa'iem Lathomanik Syiem said, “We have never had such a meeting, we hope that change will come in Iewdudh”. On the other hand, the Hima has had confidence in the people since he took over the throne, but he said that it is unfortunate that it is the people who allow foreigners to enter the market. “I have never said that you should go and buy a foreigner in Iewduh, but you are the ones who allowed,” said Pa'iem Latho. they didn't ship the Titanic".
Nambie Jessica Marak, who is famous as the creator of her YouTube channel, “Eat Your Kappa, " has become the first runner-up in the MasterChef India
The Advocate General promised before the Court that the government will find ways and means to auction the damaged buses according to the rules of law so that the scarce funds can be used to operate public transport vehicles. inside the city of Shillong.
Not only that, on the 22nd of this month, Bah Banteidor and his officers announced the Office Order by paying tribute to the victory of the farmers in Mawkatheiñ village where tens of thousands of farmers Twenty-five farmers from around the village came to witness.
Damki Suchiang also appealed to the people not to expect milk, medicine or money from the candidate, but you should stand firm on the ground without being deceived in order to win. Nehemiah was killed.
Therefore, the authorities in charge of the Presbyterian Church should appoint Nongsning Church as the Center Pastor of the entire Narpuh Sub-District.
AIZAWL: The Mizoram government has issued an order that all government departments, when issuing public notices, should write in English and Mizo language. I don't understand the people.
“We are very sorry, because we don't see that the government will help us to build this bridge which we the people used to go to the market to carry and leave our goods to sell or buy. ,"said some residents while talking to several media outlets.
Rose Childerhouse starred in the play with James Macpherson when they were children.
After examining the report, Special Judge of the NIA AK Lahoti accepted Thakur's request for forgiveness when she appeared in court on Tuesday.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) 12 Villages Nongjngi Unit and JSM Mynsngat Unit have distributed clothes to the disabled people in Thadmukoi Nongjngi and Mind.
In her speech, she encouraged the youth to come forward and take care of this issue, and she also explained in detail how to raise these cows.
Do this once a day and you will see changes in your skin.
These are the following answers, which I received from various cards:-Merry Christmas to you, children, children, youth, parents, mothers and fathers and all those who work hard to fulfill their own demands in in different ways.
Chachat UPS beat Telekali SSA UPS (South Garo Hills) 3-1
" According to this principle, Tymmenbasan spoke of God's guidance to Moses from the moment that Pharaoh the king of Egypt delivered them from slavery and their journey through the the sea, the Sindh desert.
“If all the 12541 thousand SSA teachers resign, I am sure that part of the education system in Meghalaya will collapse,” said MSSASA Leader Bah Aristotle Rymbai. Wednesday.
Therefore, the most important thing is that the people themselves, especially the shopkeepers, should be vigilant and especially to cooperate with the village authorities such as the VDPs and the police, so that they can arrest and arrest the suspects. the criminals.
A report published on the North East Now website today said that Swami Damodarananda was involved in the case and that the BSS headquarters had summoned him to appear. to the Swami about these things.
In the first leg, Pyniaid Shadap scored the first goal for Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu in the 45th minute. Firstborn Watch this for 53 minutes.
If you don't do the right thing, there will always be UDP 'O' or A, B, C, as is the case in other parties like the UDP today, which you yourself will be the cause of.
The proposed site for the market covers about 30 villages in the area.
We request the relevant department to explain to the public why the lights are turned off in these areas every night without proper notice.
After the end of the House, there was also a special greeting from the members of the House as this session which ended today is the last session of the current House.
The celebration of the Shad Nongkrem, will end tomorrow, which is also the closing day of the Shad of the Hima Khyrim, which is held once a year.
Shillong, Jymmang 04: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered the State Government to ban all vehicles carrying more than 10 metric tonnes from passing through the Umiam Bridge.
With the chaos in Shillong and affecting the Khasi community, it is up to the Khasi Hills District Council to take action on this issue.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: Nine persons were seriously injured when an IED bomb exploded at Mahabir Trade Agency, Tura, Garo Hills.
He also strongly criticized the land owners who intend to auction their land to the army and recalled the words of SoSo Tham who said that the country is the land and whoever sells the land is the he is a merchant of the land, and he is also a shyllangmat.
As the minutes went by, Langsning opened the scoring through Shano Tariang in the 34th minute. lead 1-0.
The RSBA was founded in 1964, through the leadership of Babu (L) Martin Diengdoh (Secretary) (L) Iowelton Suting (Treasurer) and the first SMC members under the leadership of Bah Klik Khongmawloh. The chairman, members include Radon Khongsdir, Dud Sumer, Balngen Nongtyngkut, Byrnion Khongmawloh, Drensing Khiewtam and Skamwell Sohkhlet.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Assam, Conrad K Sangma, today will leave for Guwahati to meet with the Chief Minister of Assam, Dr Himanta Biswa Sarma, to discuss various issues. regarding the settlement of the border between Assam and Meghalaya.
The election of new office bearers will be held on 4th November
This evening, the companions of Bah Nongrum at the hospital had to take him to the hospital at 11 pm this evening due to low blood pressure. the fast and shall go down again to the place where the fast is made.
Discuss : discussion, discussion, discussion, discussion is to discuss between two people or in a group; Your mind is not to be divided into groups or lympung; thirnia is to search more carefully to find the right answer; The answer is that it is more important than the lympung or dorbar.
The two former members of the NBCC include Dilantarsing Marbaniang and Phlingshondro Nongrem, who was also the President of the Upper New Nongstoin Primary Unit.
The salaries of the Garo Hills ADC have not been paid for 15-16 months.
He said that more than 70 shops have been closed down by the Council in the past few days but as no one has lodged a complaint, the decision of the Court has been awaited.
At 10 o'clock exactly, the Secretary Shnong invited all the residents, men and women especially the youth, to come and listen and hear with their own ears the explanation and understanding of their work.
After the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) gave permission to the State Government to start the 4 Year Integrated Teacher Education Programs at Kiang Nangbah Government College, the Joint Action Committee (JAC) of Jaintia Hills The Students' Union (JSU) and the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai have expressed their gratitude and congratulations to the former Minister of Education, Ma Lahkmen Rymbui.
Nongpoh, July 17: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Northern Region, through Bah Apbor Lang Nongrum, Vice President, has rejected the statement of Bah Alos Nongpoh, President of RUPA, Ri-Bhoi Zone, that the It is said that 'Mawiambei' is a demon stone.
Mawkyrwat, March 12 : The Meghalaya State Disaster Management Authority (MSDMA), the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA), the Revenue & Disaster Management Department of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the National Disaster Management Authority ( NDMA, Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India today conducted a mock exercise on Jumai and earthquake across the state including Mawkyrwat.
Lalu Prasad, 74, who recently underwent treatment for a stroke, arrived at the Rouse Avenue Court at 10 pm but the hearing was not held. he shall be cut off first.
Speaking on the occasion, Kong Kharshiing said that she has received information that the police have received the names of three contractors who are implementing the road.
“Therefore, to invest another Rs 188 crore in MCCL as a leader, we are very sorry because in the past 15 years the government has invested up to Rs 350 crore,” he said. 188 crore tyngka has not been confirmed whether it has been able to stand on its own.
He also congratulated the MSOA and all the associations who have worked together to ensure that the state will continue to develop in the field of sports.
The 2nd Chief Minister's District Level Inter-School Athletics Meet 2023 of Eastern West Khasi Hills, which started on the 17th of this month, has been closed today. 2023.
These two matches are the last of the pre quarter final and the quarterfinal will start next month on an unconfirmed date.
No casualties were reported and motor vehicles were allowed to pass only on the other side of the road.
To strengthen this, the state government has strengthened special programs to support researchers and writers of these indigenous languages ​​and also in culture,” he said.
He said that those who promise can promise even for a month, the Minister also asked the TMC whether in West Bengal they have implemented these promises in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the civil society groups demanded that the MeECL department should pay life shirts to these children who have lost both their hands due to the rude behavior of the department officials.
You say that time even at 9 o'clock,” said the father and immediately locked the car.
“As a Christian state and as village headmen, we feel that this action of the Government is an encouragement to the sale of alcohol in the villages and townships. It also brings into conflict with the village authorities who do not have the necessary laws to curb the illegal sale of liquor and the smuggling of liquor inside vehicles, roads and village roads which often occur. accidents, shootings and various incidents in the village”.
“We are sorry for the actions of the enemies, only God knows, we will surrender to the power of God,” said Bah Pranshon.
Speaking on the occasion, the Vice President of the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie, Rangbah BS Rumnong, said that the Shad Suk Mynsiem is a dance of thanksgiving to the indigenous people. The blessed Creator over agriculture, health, wealth and for peace.
The union strongly requests the Public Prosecutor on behalf of the complainants to strengthen the struggle in the court so that after 12/01, the accused should no longer escape from the hands of the law. The police should not allow such people to get interim bail again, because if they do, it will encourage others to commit crimes.
The exact time of the incident was not known and Umsning Police, on receiving information about the incident, immediately rushed to the scene. They went to extinguish the fire and to remove the burnt tires on the old Umsning road.
Both the teams tried their best to score, but in the end they died to share 10 points.
On the allegation that the food should be handed over to the cooperatives, the Chief Minister said that according to Article 4, the Food Distribution Act clearly states that the state governments can hand over to anyone. any group, as long as they follow the rules.
At the meeting, it was understood that the Governor will not say anything but will showcase his work after the end of the Puja holiday.
There are also those who marry non-Khasis and the circumstances of the environment make them follow their husbands to a distant country.
It was hard to see the facts.
When you see that the snow is falling, try to stay indoors if you have news without a safe place to hide. Try to get out of hilly and sharing places and don't use hills or rocks as that bag rieh.
“We are still waiting for the news from the government, if we don't get it from the government we can try to find other ways,” he said.
This action of the leaders of the present government has caused condemnation and dissatisfaction from many quarters and has also angered the people living in the border areas.
It is through the RTI request that Disparsing said that these people who have been appointed by politicians have not been able to reveal or set this.
She also urged the people and especially the farmers to share the responsibility to protect the environment, as the biggest threat facing these days is the destruction of the environment. “The environment is for the needs of mankind and many others don't understand to take that responsibility to protect or preserve the environment,” she added.
In Shillong, the day laborers also staged a protest demanding their rights.
Four daily workers were appointed as leaders, and 20 daily workers, dividing their working hours.
Nongpoh, June 01 : St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Nongpoh today closed the Inter House Athletic Meet for 3 days which started on the 29th of this month. month at NSCA Pahamsyiem Stadium after the smooth running of the tournament with the participation of various Houses from the school.
The authorities who witnessed the incident suspected that there may have been petrol in the tank. The Magistrate of West Garo Hills, Bah Gideon Kharmawphlang, said that the incident occurred at the police station. The government has informed the ONGC to send its personnel to investigate and examine the incident at the site by its own authorities.
Tynsong directed the officers of the Veterinary Department.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that he will discuss with the Central Government on the introduction of special rights for the All India Services (AIS) officers from the region.
This was announced by the Asst Secretary of the KDA, Bah Michael Thongni, while talking to media after a meeting with the Prime Minister.
The final pre quarter match of the 2022-23 Invitation Knock Out Football Tournament 2022-23 was played today between Assam Regiment and ASEB Football Team from Assam.
The order said that there are people who change their own jait, kur without going through clear rules and that people, who are not Khasi, have taken the Khasi jait and This is illegal under the Khasi Social Customs Act,
After investigation, it was revealed that the driver of the tourist vehicle was identified as Mitun Sen from Beltola in Assam.
Police have recovered a Draganiv Snipper Riffle, 24 AK rounds and several rounds of ammunition from the scene. Police have also recovered four mobilephones from the scene. .
Ioanis Suchen scored the second goal in the 53rd minute and Ram Bareh in the 90th+2nd minute.
Another police team is in Block 1 Area of ​​Khanduli sector.
S.Passah, Center Manager cum Protection Officer of One-stop Center Lucy Ksoo, Officer In-charge of Nartiang Police Station D.Lamare, Officer In-charge of Women Police Station Jowai Ibashisha Kharpran and Mrs. D.Suchiang, Advocate District Legal Service Authority, who explained the ways and means to prevent the spread of these crimes and also the ways and means to get assistance from these government offices. above.
The inspection may not be for any fish, whether foreign or domestic.
Therefore, the group is pleased and hopes that the Prime Minister has taken care of this issue and directed the Chief Secretary to look into this issue as soon as possible.
Therefore, when we say love for the nation, we must start from the love of our nation and our ancestors have told and taught us that our nation is a nation that knows its family and we must be like that. Lord, Creator, Creator, Creator, He instituted marriage when He created man and woman – male and female.
Police have arrested a member of the United Liberation Front of Asom (Independent) suspected of being one of the perpetrators in the GNLA shooting that killed four policemen and injured two others. “He is a member of the Dristi Rajkhowa group,” said Bah Syiem.
All the speakers at the meeting unanimously opposed the government's plan to turn these Khasi villages into Wildlife Sanctuaries as the intention is to set up two Wildlife Sanctuaries and one Reserve Forest.
On the other hand, the decision taken at the meeting of the two Chief Ministers held at the Assam State Guest House, Koinadhara, Khanapara in Guwahati on 30th November, 2023, CRPF) in Lapangap area as part of the efforts to curb the frequent clashes between the Karbi and Khasi Pnars is the right decision.
Nongstoin, Nailur 28: The two day seminar on “National Seminar on Crime against Tribal Women” organized by Nongstoin College concluded today with the participation of Bah KP Pangniang MLA Rambrai. The chief guest was in the presence of MDC Nongstoin Bah LG Nongsiej as the chief guest.
They have already decided to form a government only with allies of the NEDA(NDA) like the NPP in order to seize power at will.
Ma MM Thaïang, who gave these details about this man, said that Ma (L) Singh Mulieh is also a person who loves and enjoys Sports & Games and was one of the Football players of Ialong.
Kongthong is a village famous for its customs and traditions where the mother used to name her children by singing or singing like a song instead of a name.
“We have stopped implementing this scheme because it is not sufficient,” said Lyngdoh and added that the distribution of tins (CGI) cannot provide adequate shelter to the poor in the rural areas. .
Furthermore, Prof. Yutaka Kurihara in his explanation writes:
The party has also set aside those 'Sleeper cells' as they say in foreign language, many of them are still asleep, we just wake them up and they are surprised.
A complaint has been lodged at Lumshnong Police Station and the investigation is ongoing.
The Director of Agriculture, Kong D Syiemiong, said that the use of fertilizers not only pollutes the environment, soil, water, river and air but also poses a threat to the environment. to people who eat vegetables, fruits and other living things.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 21: Although the New Nongstoiñ Village Authority has warned and warned against any residents of the village to sell drugs within the boundary of the village, the illegal drug traffickers still don't beat.
This morning Kishan and Jaskirat continued to play for about half an hour.
The case has come to light through the CBI investigation and has reached the White House but so far, no results have been received.
During the three days of the 7th Winter Camp & Youth Leadership Training, the Scouts, Rovers and Rangers received many trainings and information on the Scouts Movement including knoting & lashing. , how to make gadgets for camping, first aid, trekking, whistle signal, estimation, compass & mapping and also areas related to youth leadership.
On this basis, I believe without any doubt that the DC of East Khasi Hills district, with a clear mind, a clear conscience without any malicious intent towards anyone, has issued this order. but only for one purpose and that is to protect us the citizens from this terrible disease.
Orendro Kharjahrin and welcome speech by Bah Firstbornstar Ramsiej.
“The number of cases of COVID-19 has increased from 10.31 per cent in June, 2021 to 51 per cent on July 20, 2021,” the report said.
Jaiaw MDC Adelbert Nongrum said that KHNAM has gone to support Pynshngaiñ on the basis of PDF (Front), has misused the District Council just to win elections, we can no longer hope for these hopeless things,” said Bah Adelbert.
“If they continue to harass Bindas Syiem, we will take strong action against them,” said Enlang.
Don't waste time, implement it and we will see later,” he said.
“How dare they continue to stir up trouble.
Bah Sharaid also requested the State Government especially the Ministry of Home Affairs to send as Bah Paul said that we should raise a new battalion of 10,000 or 20,000 personnel and that we should send They should be sent to the border areas so that Assam will not be able to steal even 10 feet of the land of Meghalaya.
The Governor said that the farmers will not leave Delhi if their demands are not met.
Parents know how to teach their children how to do well in society, in education, and especially in employment.
He said that one of the goals of the HSPDP to commemorate Maieid Hoping is to complete the completion of the party's office in Shillong near Shillong College. He said that the project has been going smoothly but he doubts that it will be completed before the 26th of July.
However, he passed away on May 4, 2023 at 4 pm.
I am very pleased when it was reported in the newspapers that Bah Romeo Lyngdoh lives a happy life and as a family we live as we used to live with our children and family.
On the same day, the PHC at Bakur Dawki was also inspected. Dr Simon Khonglah, who is in charge of the PHC, said that there are many There is a need to provide this PHC to increase the number of beds for the patients because as it is now, many patients especially during the rainy months do not have a place to sleep due to lack of beds.
Those who have been trained to use VVPAT, EVM and other machines for the smooth running of the MP election in Jowai have alleged that they have received food prepared properly while the government has spent billions of rupees. to prepare for elections including food and drink.
The CEM's reply came after a speech by Bah Victor Rani MDC Jirang who said that the forest areas that have not been used encourage the people of Assam to invade the villages. reach the pud that does not own the syndon.
Shillong: The Bongo Bhashi Mahasabha Foundation (BBMF) Meghalaya Chapter today said in a statement that on 23rd July 2021, Rosy Sangma, who works as an air hostess and is from Dimapur, Nagaland, has been admitted to Alpha Hospital in Gurugram (Haryana) for severe pain in his right hand and then in his right leg. , who is her brother and then Samuel Sangma, who is her brother-in-law.
It is a fact that the increase in the price of mur here is not only due to the lack of railway lines but also due to the lack of these 'Messiahs' (u khyllah jait) who are here have to pay 'hafta' to them.
Speeches were delivered by two school teachers, Bah JL Nonglait and Kong Daïa Nongsiang, who encouraged the women and also spoke a lot about the articles of women which have been authorized by the Government of India.
Imphal: Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh has accused Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad Sangma of being a child of Shillong. .
Before shaking hands, let me look at the uniqueness, customs and traditions of the Hynniewtrep Hynniew Basa people.
On the inclusion of the Khasi language under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, Tynsong said, “The government has continued to urge the Central Government to include the Khasi language in the Article the Constitution of India"
Which we don't understand well.
Pynchai Chullet scored three goals for Royal Pole Mihmyntdu in the 5th & 14th minutes and Marsanki Suchiang in the 44th minute.
Earlier, the president of the Khasi Authors Society (KAS), Dr DRL Nonglait, said that there are those who say that he is an expert but he is not an expert in the spelling of Khasi characters. teach the writing of the Khasi language.
The most important question is, Where will the future of school children go?
But remember that you will be destroyed on the last day.
However, in Shallang, if they say beh Dkhars, they will be expelled without hesitation, because the foreigners don't care anymore and they walk around without fear of anyone.
Saljagring M Marak, District Sports Officer, while explaining about the Khelo India Centre, said that through the opening of the Khelo India Centre, the District hopes to produce players to compete in the Khelo India Centre. Olympics.
Amit Shah welcomed Conrad to meet with the people on the CAB before proceeding and urged the state government to create the mechanisms to meet with the central government.
WNTD Rallies and Signature Campaigns were conducted with the aim of raising awareness among the public on the dangers of smoking which also affects the health of the society as a whole and how to bring about changes in the society. reduce this risk of using the Duma.
Therefore, the union urges the state government through the PWD department to take action to improve and clean up this road. authorities should not provide peace to the people of the area.
During the inspection of several foreign shops, the KSU members found that there are about 20 foreign shops, which do not have proper documents and which has been completed. KSU members to close down completely.
“He said that the implementation of the CrPC and CPC will not affect the District Council Courts and the Hima Courts.
This reporter has not been able to get in touch with the President of the Congress Youth Wing in Mawlai but some leaders said that Bah Sawkmie has invited the President of the Youth Wing to be with him.
The meeting between the KHADC of Meghalaya and the KAAC of Assam came amid heavy clashes between the Pnars of Jaintia and the Karbis of Assam on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
The timing of vaccination for children may vary from one disease to another.
The Elite 21k, Meghalayan 10k, Run For Fun 5k and Veteran Over 55 yrs will be held on the 30th of this month from Laitsohpliah to Sohra to Mawsmai. (MSOA) in collaboration with the Sports Department of the State Government.
Shillong, November 15: The petition filed by the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) in the Supreme Court against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court to suspend the powers of Village Authorities in the state will be finalized soon.
“Dr Mukul is the most corrupt person in India.
The Director of the Jaintia Hills Development Society said that the society has been trying to revive this plant since 2018 at Samanong village.
It is to be recalled that the college has been relocated from Mawprem to Umsawli, New Shillong Township due to the small space in Mawprem and which does not meet the requirements of the Medical Council of India.
When he returned to Lapangap, he was very sad that the Karbi had not been able to make peace.
All the food we humans eat comes from the soil.
The number of cases in India has risen to 48,916 a day with 757 deaths.
The same applies to those who work as electricians.
The BJP in Meghalaya has congratulated the Union Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi for continuing the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) scheme worth Rs 81.35 crore. beneficiaries for five years.
Sanjay Goyal also delivered a speech and launched a souvenir of the Union in the presence of Bah Dipsambor Hynniewta and leading leaders of the Union.
After it was confirmed that both the MLAs of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) have joined the National People's Party (PDF), there are now several MLAs from other ethnic parties. According to reports, these MLAs who are still hiding their names may join the NPP by the 8th of this month. This month before the people of Sohiong constituency go to vote on the 10th of June to elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
The District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District Administration of West Jaintia Hills has also celebrated the 5th July as the Day to Conserve the Environment. on the topic “Beat Plastic Pollution”.
Sniawbhalang said there are those who say that there are people who question why the UDP and NPP are sitting together now when they are fighting during the elections, but the answer is that when it comes to an agreement, relationship, you have no problem eating the same place on the same plate.
If that happens, who will take responsibility? While the conflict is not over, we would like to urge the state police to strengthen their security and patrolling at the border areas which are the parts of entry into Meghalaya.
That's enough, but the point, which we need to discuss here, is that when such laws come out, it affects our thinking, whether we elect wise leaders or not. Go to the District Councils, the State Legislatures and Parliament as well.
The Association of Mining Traders in the area has lodged a complaint with the office of the Deputy Commissioner. “The traders have complained to me,” said Mansturdy Nongrem.
This is something we have to commend.
In the Gospel of John, it is clearly stated: “In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 07: The Umsiang Police Outpost has received a complaint from the drivers of vehicles carrying various goods and having to pass through the Umsiang Police Outpost, who alleged that there has been a collection of money by the Umsiang Police. Outpost, last night, leaders and members of FKJGP Mawhati Circle, went to stop the police while they were trying to collect money from the trucks passing through the police station.
Among the leaders of these four organizations, who attended the meeting, included Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of KSU Sengkmie, Bah Welbirth Rani, President of JKJGP Sengkmie, Bah Sadon K.Blah. , General Secretary of HNYF and Bah Bipul, President of RBYF Sengkmie and other leaders and members from various Circles and Units of these four organizations.
Khliehriat, July 17: The Secretary of Kuliang Village, Shillong, has arrested 11 Bangladeshis including 4 women who tried to enter Meghalaya illegally on the evening of 16th July 2022, therefore, the union has raised a question before the police department of the state government why it cannot curb the illegal entry of these Bangladeshis into the state.
He said that the UDP of Jowai Circle is like that beautiful young woman who has a beautiful face and beauty that has inspired others to fight for it.
But the people of the country think differently.
Here we see that God said, “They shall not be ashamed”.
Application forms can be obtained from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong during working days and hours. The deadline for submission of application forms is 28th March
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 59 new cases have been confirmed and 698 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Before the meeting, Bah Tynsong BDO Pynursla inaugurated the public outdoor area inside the village near the main road.
Referring to the BJP's statement on the situation in West Bengal, the Chief Minister said that all these are the actions of the BJP. The Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to suspend Bah Titos Chyne as CEM until the end of his term in the upcoming elections after the NPP candidate failed to win in Sohiong. constituency.
We need a person who will bring in various schemes from the Central Government and the State Government to benefit the residents and the State as a whole.
He congratulated the volunteers for their active participation and urged them to be ready to protect the lives of people in the event of any incident in the villages, by training them. through this training.
Speaking to media, Prestone said it has been heard that the BJP State Unit has been criticizing the MDA government from time to time not only in the media, but also in the media. On the other hand, Prestone said that if the BJP gets the truth about the illegal activities in the state, as alleged in the The media has come to talk to the State Government to find out the truth.
On 3rd November 2022, the MDA government led by Conrad K Sangma as the Chief Minister of the State has already laid the foundation stone for the Fire and Emergency Service Station, Raliang.
Now, the people are better than the candidates because they have experienced and been trained in every election for many years.
saith the Lord” Isaiah 65:17-2
Canada, on the other hand, has not done anything, but has provided shelter and protection to them from time to time.
The government has received $ 100,000 for the improvement of schools in the state and youth related activities.
One of the deceased was identified as Jopborlang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, 29 years old. Lewis Wahlang, 22, of Nongmensong, has been arrested.
The recruitment of volunteers was known as 'Navarathnalu'
He said that nothing can be done about this, because these lands were taken according to the 2011 census of the Government of India and it is impossible to fight against what the Government of India has done.
He said the NPP will give equal opportunity to all those who wish to apply and contest this election on the party ticket.
We believe that every child has the right to a quality education, regardless of their family’s income.
Speaking on this occasion, many of the residents of Ri Bhoi Sepngi were eager to attend the promotion from Administrative Unit to Civil Sub Division. If the Civil Sub Division comes, many development projects will come to the area which will benefit the residents of the area.
The Internet is a major threat to the developing minds of children.
Nongpoh, Lber 05: The University of Science and Technology (USTM) on Tuesday held a special program to mark the 8th Death Anniversary of the former Chief Minister of Meghalaya and Former Speaker of the Lok Sabha, (L) PA Sangma in honor of his outstanding contribution to the development of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, UDP Vice President Allantry F Dkhar said, “We have started conducting a thorough review before we take a decision, and this review is for the purpose of getting the candidates. the most appropriate.
Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on Monday announced that the forest fires in the city are a serious threat to the residents especially in the eastern part of the city. He said his government has prepared relief measures for those affected.
On receiving information about the incident, the Special Cell Police together with the Laban PS Police rushed to the scene and arrested three of them. They were identified as Andy Lamin, Nima Lama, a child whose name was hidden while another friend of theirs, Rencious Kharkongor, escaped.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad said the Government has decided to continue the peace talks with the HNLC.
Daniil Medvedev 275013.
“I have visited the areas and constituencies and thus I have found that this election to be held on the 27th, the power of the people which has appeared around almost every meeting is in our name.
The next day, on the 19th, Rahul Gandhi will also leave for Wangjing in Thoubal district of Manipur to address a rally at Kodompokpi Square.
In a statement, the Chairman of the Organization, Bah Samuel Jyrwa, said that NESO expresses its deep sorrow over these incidents especially after the fire broke out at the UCM office including Macha Leima School. He said that AMSU has refused to participate in politics and has never been involved in politics. nor in any bloodshed of any kind.
Shillong: The Naga Students' Union Shillong (NSUS) has expressed its gratitude to the KSU for showing the massacre of Naga students in 1979 in a film produced by the NSUS. .
When asked whether the dorbar is not too short to hold only 7 sessions, the Lamphang said that the day is sufficient because the time is shorter.
He also criticized the JMB department for its working methods in the past because the garbage disposal system of the department is too widespread, for example in Mynkjai, it has collected 3819 sq kilo meters. Do you have more than 100 acres in Jaintia Hills? Sanitary Landfill for Jowai Township.
When asked whether the complaint by Agnes to the Sordar is on the grounds that he as the Rangbah Shnong or Sordar should take responsibility for the felling of trees, Bah Makdoh said that as the head of the The villagers are concerned about the felling of trees but they have not yet received an order from the district council or the court to ban the felling of trees. the village itself cannot intervene.
With this opportunity, the VPP takes the opportunity to explain to the public about a rumor that has been spreading through Social Media since 27th June,
According to sources, the residents of these primary units appointed by the President, said that more than 100 people have joined the party in each of the primary units. Primary Unit.
In another match of the tournament, Riwar College, Riwar beat Shillong Law College 5-1
When inquired about how many MLAs are in favor of Dr. Mukul Sangma, how many are against him and how many are in the middle, the reporter learned that there are about three MLAs who have decided. Ampareen Lyngdoh, AL Hek, Zenith Sangma, Dikanchi Shira and another MLA from Khasi Jaintia Hills District have been appointed. I'm not sure what to do with Dr.Mukul.
Subsequently, the syllabus for the colleges as well as the amendment to the ordinance was urgently introduced at the Academic Council meeting held on 19th June
Vincent Sunder Raj, Chairperson CWC Krishanagiri District
At present, the heavy traffic jam is in the morning and evening from school hours to government offices.
Over the centuries, humans have grown again since the ark of Noah and by the time of Abram/Abraham they have grown by hundreds of millions again and live in poverty and prosperity.
Bah Reginald Kurbah asked why MUDA has handed over the toilet to James Sylliang but instead of turning it into a toilet for the use of the public, it has turned into a toilet. but the use of men who have no evidence.
All three of these students came first with distinctions.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the RBYF, Western Zone, today met with Dr.M.Mawrie, DMHO Ri Bhoi, to discuss with him the urgent need for the staff of PHC Patharkhmah. After the CHC was affected, the number of employees inside the hospital who tested positive for COVID-1
The meeting was held in front of the gate of USTM in the presence of students of USTM and residents of Kiling and Baridua. .
Shillong, July 25: U MDC of Lyngkyrdem Constituency, Bah Jansing M Tynsong, has raised the issue of boundary of land within the district. Council.
Mookyndur has bought this land for T.19,000/-, said Ma Laloo.
They know not only what kind of khwai to use but also how to match the float and the sinker.
After the meeting, Trump said that in the coming days, they will be able to reach a better understanding and decide to continue talks between the two leaders.
Private vehicles are not allowed to travel and commercial vehicles are allowed to carry only 1/4 of the people and should carry only those who have gone to get medicines and vaccines, students, teachers and teachers. staff in schools but they have to get permission from the Deputy Commissioner.
Shemlin Khongjoh, 52, of Nongryngkoh village, Mawkynrew constituency, East Khasi Hills District, has died after her Sumo overturned due to the bad road. .
On the other hand, Bah Donkupar Sumer said that the Council will prepare a detailed project report in relation to the project and to make it a model market. It shall be built in such a beautiful, orderly and well-maintained manner from all sides and shall be equal in price to other markets in Rilum Khasi, which have already been built, so that it shall provide convenience to the people in the purchase of pets.
“If there is corruption or any wrongdoing in the MDA Government, we as the youth support what the President has said,” said Bah Ernest Mawri.
According to him, all that remains now is to introduce the Bill for discussion in Parliament.
Nongpoh: Leaders and members of the HNYF Northern Region, as well as members of the HNYF Women's Wing, today visited the PMGSY road constructed by Assam at Balakhwa village. from the border villages in Ri Bhoi, which falls under the Hima Nongspung and Jirang Constituencies.
A total of 27 Nurses have registered with NAVIS for language and culture training in Bengaluru.
"I'll close the door while we're waiting for my father..." Rida's mother replied, "Oh, I'll close it... Where did I go?" she asked. I Kong Mer “I don't know exactly but I just told you that I went to need it with my friends.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) has announced that it will cut off electricity for three days from 21st to 23rd June in all the villages in West Khasi Hills and Eastern West Khasi Hills Districts.
There was also a photography competition on this day at St Peter's School.
The HSPDP meeting held yesterday could not decide who will be given the ticket from these two constituencies due to the strong rivalry among their supporters.
Louis said that after talking to the SI, he said that it was just a reminder of the issue, which happened in 2019, 2020,
On the other hand, the CoHSO is preparing to hold a Dorbar Bah on
The President of the BJP Meghalaya has done the right thing by exposing corruption in the government.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma said, “The opposition should know that what they are saying is unpleasant for them to turn into selfishness. There is no 32 lakh MT coal and after that they say why the government doesn't auction the coal once in a while this shows that they have a confusion among them”.
To those who desire, God gives strength to receive that thew, He helps, He supports in the strength of the body; the strength of mind to open the way with words of advice – 'righteousness shall be fulfilled'
Regarding the incident, the Punjab Police have appealed to the people of the state to be vigilant and not to believe rumours.
The total number of votes for the candidates from the 3rd Raliang Constituency is as follows: Coming-one Ymbon (NPP) - 13,626 votes, Lakhon Biam (BJP) - 8289 votes, J. Treilang Suchiang (UDP) - 5250 votes. Richard S.Lyngdoh (INC) – 4154 votes, while Shemhok Garod (PDF) – 2513 votes, while Robinus Syngkon (TMC) – 1269 votes, NOTA – 359 votes.
Of these 71 cases, 33 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 4 cases from Armed Forces, 12 cases from High Risk Contacts, 3 cases from outside, 1 case from Keating Road Cluster, 1 case from Laban Cluster. cases from Mawprem cluster, 3 cases from Nongmynsong cluster and 6 cases from Khyndailad cluster.
Therefore, in relation to this problem, Bah C.Challam, as the CEO, promised that within 2 months, another transformer will be replaced, so that the people will not have to suffer anymore. this is the problem.
Bah Kyrmen also called upon the churches to take special care of the youth who have been affected by the drug trafficking in these days.
He said that the dates and events mentioned in the book are documented to prove that what they write is true.
Pala said that the training of the youth in the state has been done by bringing in teachers from Delhi to train the youth on jobs.
Many incidents happen from Government Hospitals or even from Government Health Departments from time to time but no one sees them and many of the leaders who are also MLAs are just trying to put turoi themselves. Because of his great power, he has not been able to raise the issues of the people in the Cabinet or even in the Assembly but by ending the discussions just before the election through the media, shops and on the streets.
His mother was also very happy and sent Bhalang to go home the next day to tell his parents.
Sunday, Monday/Wednesday; Tuesday; Tuesday (Presbyterian gather to pray only 1% of the church) Friday (1⁄2 of the month). ialade) Thursday (To go and cut wood) Saturday (To clean for Sunday) These remain until now.
She alleged that this is a sign that they do not want, and this is an invitation to the party to come forward with weapons.
The union also urged the principal to remove the nameplate in front of his office and to write it in characters that can be recognized by the principal. All because as it is now, the name has been published in Hindi which many of the people of the area cannot read even if they can read they do not understand.
Jowai, July 13: After 25 days, a Maruti Alto 800 (ML 11-1038) was recovered from Khliehriat on 15th July along with two friends.
In this rally, the JAC marched around the village demanding a fair trial for this woman along with slogans.
The Digitized Database will be implemented to provide assistance to the most vulnerable villages.
Such articles published in this textbook are also a counting of dewthala and disrespect to our nation as a whole because it has also affected the feelings of many churches.
The temperature of the smoke should not exceed 19C (66.2F), while the temperature of the water should not exceed 60C (140F).
If you do not need to repair or repair the pump, do not leave the well uncovered.
However, this is the age of science in which scientists provide us with information from time to time on how to take care of our health.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad Sangma said that the main purpose of the District Secretariat is to bring together the government offices scattered around Jowai and to introduce including those government offices that are still operating inside the buildings.
As a tyngshop, Salman has spoken about the desire of prominent Bollywood producers including Karan Johar who want to work with him and he too has a desire to work with them.
The relatives, friends and neighbors have left to console the relatives and the father of the household who was grieved by the loss of his wife and children at an unexpected time.
The Dorbar Shnong in a statement through the Waheh Shnong said that Mukroh is one of the villages on the border with the District West Karbi Anglong, Assam and therefore it is one of the villages. It is not enough to protect the border of our state, but the sad thing is that it is a village that has been harassed by other ethnic groups from time to time.
However, it has now become a state without electricity and has to buy it from abroad.
Let the churches choose, those who are afraid to close and those who are not afraid to open their churches.
According to reports, the robber, Bah Plom Dkhar, had stabbed his wife with a cloth from the neck, at a time when all the children were asleep. He fled the house and called his elder son and told him that he had killed his mother-in-law, who was his wife. the older son informed the family.
Musicians including Insider, Symphony and others besides DJs. Ka Discover Jaintia has announced the world's largest factory which can provide income to the people to develop and grow the but now what is needed is to market this resource that the District has.
STRENGTHENING THE MEMORY:— This bacterium is known to attack the cells related to the memory.
The state government's plan to discuss ILP with Amit Shah has started since November 2019, but it has not worked yet and there have been arrangements to meet in the new year. , but this too did not go well and after that, there was talk to meet after the State Assembly elections in Delhi.
Kynsaibor Wahlang from Mawkyrwat won the bronze medal.
Several other witnesses who were present on the day alleged that it was Jessica's stinginess and lack of time that she did not look after her young son who should have looked after her. especially good when leading to unsafe and dangerous places.
They also said that the KAAC has been in existence since 1952 but the Khasi Pnar people have been living in Mukroh, Psiar, Khanduli and Block-1 (Labang Nongphyllut) for hundreds and thousands of years. and the Khasi Pnars in these areas are the indigenous people and the owners of the land because of the writing of the CEM of KAAC that the Khasi Pnars are not foreigners and illegal residents as she alleges.
, Department of EKH has been hit by a petrol bomb.
“The Chief Minister, the Ministers of Urban Affairs and Disaster Management have conspired to loot up to T 140 crore,” he said. the belief that corruption is a problem in Meghalaya.
The Head of State said that the award given by the Central Government is for the hard work of the people of Meghalaya who have been able to showcase to the world the presence of outstanding products.
However, the public such as typewriters, Xerox machines and students who use computers to read online for many parts, have to use candles just to see the signs on the board. of your computer.
There has been a darkness in the Atlantic Ocean, due to the storm in the past few days; However, it is reported that the storm will occur on Tuesday and Tuesday as well, where in these two days, the storm will fall on the earth.
Referring to the upcoming dorbar tlang, Dr. Mukul said, “Let them do whatever they want but I also know how to do when such problems arise. , I have met many such people, I have my own opinion," he said.
He said that according to the Constitution, any person is allowed to assume the post of Prime Minister for six months even if he is not an MLA.
Most of the time we find that during the rainy season they say that the water cannot be supplied from the well and during the dry season because of the heavy rainfall and the blockage of pipes in the water. In the rainy season, when there is no shortage of water and no rainfall, we don't know what problems arise.
The ISL teams participating in the tournament are Bengaluru, East Bengal, Chennai, Goa, Hyderabad, Jamshedpur, Kerala Blasters, Mohun Bagan SG, Mumbai City, Northeast United, Odisha and Punjab.
He came unto his own, and they that were his own received him not.
In this case, there was no accident.
The SHG includes Norly S Ryngkhlem as President, his wife Stianly as Treasurer and Athabasca Sariang as Secretary.
The teachers were on their way from Nongstoiñ to Rangsapara.
“This shooting death of five innocent souls has become like wild animals and this incident can never be forgotten.
This is the decision of the District Magistrate, in order to curb the disruption of law and order, the report said.
At the same time, the Minister suggested that in the Government departments which have not yet been able to appoint due to the outbreak of COVID-19 and other reasons, it is necessary to appoint temporarily so that The youth will get jobs and benefits while waiting to follow the recruitment rules through the MPSC and District Selection Committees (DSCs) in different districts.
Therefore, it is a difficult issue but the rules have to be followed and so we have tried to implement as much as possible but it will not be possible for us to confirm the employees who have not worked directly because there is no implementation. on the selection of candidates,” said Conrad.
However, the unity will continue and they will separate peacefully without any discrimination and the border areas of Khasi Jaintia State and Garoland State will remain as usual and there will be no conflict. disputes regarding land.
Oh! It is a great mystery that a father and mother who never fight and who live like a couple of parrots, just differently, run away to I'm going to go to the road.
“Because if we set up that committee now and that committee doesn't have anything to do, it won't be useful.
However, at the same time, he said that although other MDA allies are contesting the election, the MDA government has nothing to shake and is steadfast.
Rupang tried to talk to people living in Jaiaw, Mawkhar and Mawprem areas and they said it is true that the water that comes is from Lati.
Furthermore, on the 17th and 18th, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
