The agreement to provide funds for these projects was signed between Vikas Sheel, Additional Secretary, Economic Affairs, Ministry of Finance and SAITO Mitsunori, Chief Representative, JICA India.
He said it is sad that the people will turn to the insurgents to punish the perpetrators as happened 15 years ago if the police department cannot do anything to punish the perpetrators.
They also requested the government to take action to repair or improve the road, as it has deteriorated badly and especially in the middle of Nongpoh. added.
The District School Education Officer (DSEO) on Tuesday announced that it has called for a walk-in interview for the three vacant posts of teachers.
The Lokayukta, which has been appointed by the Government Employees, should monitor the proceedings and those who have excessive wealth should be prosecuted in the Disproportionate Assets Case and registered along so that it becomes a Disproportionate Assets Case. for example to others to avoid corruption and that the State will immediately be free from corruption which is the crown jewel of the economic development of the State.
Shillong: The number of cases of covid-19 in the state has risen to
“We on behalf of the Youth Wing are deeply saddened by this action of the President as it may lead to the dissolution of the party which has started to take shape and grow as shown in this MLA Election. Lyngba PK Raswai has lost by 400 votes,” said DE Turnia President UDP Youth Wing Ranikor Circle.
During the visit to the Jowai Civil Hospital, the BJP women's group was delighted to hear that the patients have expressed their gratitude to the Prime Minister.
Jowai, November 27: The Tur ShapHRang Village Organization (TUR) today celebrated its 100th Anniversary at a function held at the football ground of the village organization. the village of Lumpyngad.
Any teams interested in participating in this tournament can send their application forms before November 20 this year.
England striker Harry Kane scored two goals in the fourth and 50th minutes.
However, he said the government will take measures after carefully considering the number of students.
All vehicles coming from Khimnusniang / Jrisalein will be diverted through Chutwakhu Road.
The rapid development of science & technology has put parents in great trouble especially when the internet has penetrated into the remote areas of the state.
The death of PA Sangma has also shocked the MLAs of the House, as it happened while the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmugathan was speaking in the Legislative Assembly which started today. the state budget.
Not only that, the spirit of destruction, which has no thought of the future, has entered into the soul of man, by burning the forest, the trees, which have turned, and the water that flows from the sky. they begin to ring tyrkhong and at the same time to disappear.
The union leader urged the people to join hands with the union to demand from the government to provide the hospital as it should be.
On the suggestion of the MLAs of Shillong, the government has agreed to set this up.
“I will try to live according to the expectations of the people,” he said, adding that he will present his work in the 2019 elections. lonely.
She said the people want change.
The draw was held in the presence of AIFF President Kalyan Chaubey, AIFF General Secretary Anwarul Huq and AIFF Secretary General Dr Shaji Prabhakaran.
Prestone said that police have been directed to tighten security in areas like Urkaliar and Polo and these areas cannot open shops after 11.30 pm.
With the change of time, the passage of time, the age and the time of science & technology, educated children seem to lose respect and obedience to their parents who lack knowledge. On the basis of this vision, the young men and women at their Youth Convention, took on the theme “Children, obey your parents in the Lord”.
It is heard that as soon as the elections to the Legislative Assembly of the State approach, the talk from the candidates is that they have to fight for the power of money, which means that all those who win are the ones who throw money at the government. they.
What we are surprised is that when the last date for submission of quotations is set on the 26th and open on the 28th, how can they still be allowed to submit or receive quotations after the date of submission? buhi.
He said, don't worry, I'll find a way.
“However, the government has now started to evacuate them from Mawlai village, where the CRPF has also agreed to evacuate them and the work is ongoing,” he said. said.
The incident ha Ishamati Shella earlier this year, in which a KSU youth, Lurshai Hynniewta, lost his life, is an incident which the perpetrators have prepared well for the victims. the purpose is to do good and to be good.
He said that the office bearers and members of the union are always vigilant against anyone who enters the forests with the intention of hunting animals.
He recalled that recently there was an incident in Laban where 2-3 Khasi were shot dead by a group of 15-20 foreigners. Any initiative to search for those people who shot the Khasi by claiming that this is biased and does not agree with the party.
The announcement was also made by the elders of Ri Bhoi, including Bah RR Kynsai Makdoh, former CEM of KHADC, Bah Pluster. Syiem, former Chief Police Officer, Bah Najim Kharmalki, Leader of Ri Bhoi Dorbar and Western Ri Bhoi Dorbar, Bah Augustine Wahlang and hundreds of members who came to join for the event. to become soldiers of the nation under the banner of this Seng Ri Bhoi Peoples' Council.
“We are a tipbriew tipblei nation and a Christian state, don't let the things that make him angry happen to us,” said Bah Ardent. rulers that this work they are doing is wrong.
“We should not be ashamed to introduce our village when they are anywhere and they should be proud of their village,” said Bah Chyne.
Robertjune added that as the Reservation Policy is too biased, if it cannot be revised, it will cause more problems, and the benefits will be only for the Garo people. underpaid.
Shillong, March 20 : Margaret Pathaw won the gold medal in the 43rd World Arm Wrestling Championship in Turkey while Angel Merry Mylliem Umlong won the bronze medal.
During his tenure as Deputy Prime Minister in charge of Mining and Geology during the Congress-led MUA-I government, the Mine and Mineral Policy was prepared in detail and brought to the attention of the Minister. cabinet.
Chandame Sungoh, Leader of the Hynniewtrep Border Disputed Redressal Forum (HBDRF), said that this area (Pynthor) is the area which Lapangap Village has turned into a tree planting area under the scheme of Lapangap Village. the Meghalaya Integrated Basin Development Authority.
His face was fixed and happy to see so.
The State Government has made it clear that fertilizers are very expensive at the market price and as it is now it is very expensive and this has put pressure on the farmers of the State to solve this problem. he took the decision to help by selling half the price.
For now, let us look at some of the other things that the 'badonburom' government will do in the future.
Shortly after, TNT reported that the band's singer, Doug Robb, said, “If I didn't have to go anywhere else, I would stay a few days in Shillong".
Mr. AL Hek will be the Minister of Health, Information & Public Relations, Arts & Culture.
However, those members who have lost their jobs in government departments will no longer receive this assistance.
Meghalaya has been facing a shortage of electricity for many years. In previous years, they turned off the electricity only in the evening but now they have turned it off in the morning and this lasts for tens of hours.
“I don’t believe that after my death there will be any sympathy for anyone.
“Therefore, we request you to think of a way to revive the Balurghat Airport and revive the air traffic in these areas for the benefit of the people of the country,” he said. add to this letter.
He said that the police station is only 20 kilometers from Saitsama Outpost and surprisingly, the Saitsama police are not aware of the Assam border crossing.
If we talk about the railway, it is full of trees from all sides.
The Director General of Police, Dr. LR Bishnoi, said that Ramesh Dkhar has been shifted to Williamnagar District Jail.
According to the source, Shah will visit Karnataka twice in the coming days.
Shillong, November 2: The President of the Khasi Disabilities Association, Bah Starwin Kharjana, on Tuesday said that out of 30,000 youths with disabilities, only 15 have been disabled. who gets government jobs.
In West Khasi Hills, there is only one high risk contact; In East Jaintia Hills, there are 59 cases and all of them were randomly sampled at Star Cement Factory in Lumshnong.
He said that the people have the right to express their opposition to any action of the government because the people have the right.
Shillong, July 20: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma today said that the state government will appeal to the Supreme Court against the decision of the Meghalaya High Court. to pass laws for Rangbah Shnong.
After the discussion, there was an agreement between the district authorities, village leaders and others, who allowed to bury the child in the Lum Jingtep of the Presbyterian Church Umrandairy.
Speeches were delivered by other leaders of AMKA, in which they said that it is important for the nation to preserve its customs and traditions, so that the nation can survive, because the nation does not There is a custom and tradition that will not be lost at any time.
If we don't like them, they can choose others.
They have conducted an inspection on the progress of the works,” said Bah Sumer.
These temporary vending zones include Iaw Seinraij, JPC Market, Chutwakhu and MTC Parking Lot, Iawmusiang.
To learn more about the Prize, please visit www.thejcbprize.org.
The Seng Khasi 12 Mer has strongly condemned the people involved in opposing and destroying the foundation stone of Kpep Thangbriew The ceremony was attended by the Tymmen U San of the Nongshat Nongkheiñ Association.
Pyrtuh said that all the PHCs, CHCs and polio vaccination centers have been severely affected today by the strike of ASHAs. ASHAs who have been threatened with dismissal because they refuse to distribute polio vaccine.
Speaking to media, Bah BB Makdoh Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs in Ri-Bhoi District congratulated all the MLAs from the five constituencies in Ri-Bhoi who have been elected after the announcement of the results. The NPP, UDP, BJP, PDF and HSPDP coalition government as well as the independent candidates to lead the NPP have not received a single leader from Ri-Bhoi. Two NPP MLAs, Damanbait Lamare from Umroi, Sosthenes Sohtun from Jirang and Mayral Born Syiem from UDP from Nongpoh Constituency, will not attend the meeting. government.
Furthermore, the people said that this behavior of the MLAs and the government shows that they do not care about the people at other times, but only during the elections.
When the team of EMs of KHADC, visited Iongkhuli and held a meeting with the leaders of the village, the EMs understood that the reason for the riots in the village was The village has been cut off from MeECL in the village, due to the lack of payment of electricity bill to the MeECL and this has prompted the MeECL from Meghalaya to stop distributing electricity in the village.
The last day of the 10-month celebration in Shillong was held at the office of the Advocate General (A&E), Shillong on 24th November 2023. Shillong: They spoke on the uniqueness of this program and the role of the CAG teams in bringing responsibility according to their duties as explained in the CAG. Constitution of the country.
The teachers were Dr. Barrister Pakem, Prof. Korbar Singh Phanbuh and Dr. RS Lyngdoh.
If they get their own C&RD Block, it will bring full benefits to the people of Nongkren where they will have to share the schemes from the central government with Mylliem or Mawrynkneng Block.
Nongpoh, July 24: The Ri-Bhoi District Police Department today took part in the celebration of the International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking at the District Library Auditorium. and the alcoholism that is widespread in these days especially many young people are involved in this alcoholism.
Our state has not benefited but the roads have been affected,” said GSMC Co-Chairman Lackystone R Sangma.
There are about 80 Lasker Elaka in the Garo Hills, and the Council of Nokma wants to set up a Regional Council to allow 80 Lasker Elaka after the amendment of the Sixth Schedule.
The people are intelligent and know what is right and what is wrong and not like the AITC which is trying to mislead the people,” said Dr Kharlukhi.
In 2013, Ma Ngaitlang owned 133 vehicles, while now he has 140 vehicles. These include 121 trucks, two tractors, a JCB, a Mercedes, a BMW, a Fortuner, Alto Maruti, Scorpio, 3 Bolero Pick ups, 2 Mahindra Pick ups, Air Compressor and Maruti Gypsy.
Khliehriat, July 31: The KBCC has given 48 hours to the MPCC to remove Jhanika Siangshai from the post of Chief Minister of Meghalaya. The candidate to contest on the Congress ticket as the candidate announced by the MPCC is no longer a member of the Congress.
Tens of thousands of taxis have been parked in the streets of London due to the sharp drop in income due to the coronavirus.
Malki scored from the penalty spot in the 58th minute when Rangdajied's Joseph Seun fouled and Malki's Dieye Hamidou shot straight into the net.
The Hindu Rashtra also said that minorities, including Muslims, Christians and others, should no longer be allowed to participate in leadership elections in India, including the elections of MPs and MLAs. and others.
He called upon all the people of Jaintia Hills to cooperate so that Jowai can get a proper garbage dump.
How to explain this theme a little bit.
Just singing “Ri Khasi Ri Khasi, I love you” without unity is meaningless, because the nation is on a ship that is about to sink.
Nongpoh, Lber 20:Two persons have escaped death after an empty truck number MN 01 – 9658, collided with the house of these persons in Mawtnum, Mawtnum. near the NH-6, Ri Bhoi District.
He left the village at 6 o'clock in the morning.
k) The inability to convince the Central Government to recognize and include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
Police have registered a case against the suspect and charged him under the provisions of the law.
This is according to reports received from various polling stations till 9 am.
Regarding the working methods of Prof. Lakhon Kma for the information of the public he has also set up a website: www.lakhonkma.com and a YouTube channel: @lakhonkma.
Staising Kharbteng May 24, 2020 The outbreak of Covid-19 has shocked the world with many events and changes.
NPP candidate Conrad K Sangma, son of PA Sangma, has filed his nomination papers today, as well as Congress candidate Dikkanchi D Shira, wife of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma.
KSU Umïam Circle General Secretary Marcus Nongkhlaw said that the KSU Umïam Circle has been working hard to ensure that the foreign workers have been bombed and shot. KSU members did not bomb and shot but asked for slab documents. Many of the foreign workers do not have any documents especially the labor license.
Rymbai Shkenshynriah and Moolamanoh have shared 10 points each in the Super Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Thursday. Artificial Turf Trees, Headquarters.
The placement of the book on the heads of the children means that they have to sit upright and straight while listening to the explanation and writing.
By Scholar LawriniangNongthliew Village WKHWhen I talk about the house of (L) Purno A Sangma, it is indeed the most amazing house in the world. Because I am not from Garo, but here I am talking only about what I have seen and what appears outside the world.
“The MBDA has also paid T.200 per head to invite people to attend the meeting,” said the Mawsynram MLA.
Custom:The custom of the Khasi is to give land only to women.
The North East Congress Coordinating Committee (NECCC) has strongly condemned the BJP for counting the people of the North East as shown in its Vision Document.
On the first day of today, 1.5 crore accounts were opened across the country, which is the highest number of accounts opened in a single day in the world.
“I will never stop,” said West, 43, indicating that he will continue to own his own songs, which have now been taken over by the two. company.
“In the last five to six years there has been a shift in the education sector aimed at the welfare of students.
Johnson announced that British citizens will have to stay at home for four months from Friday if the British Parliament approves the proposal. the prime minister.
Laxmikant Kattimani's recovery from injury gave Gurmeet Singh a golden opportunity to showcase his skills for Hyderabad FC and he was able to play.
He said that this house of God was built for the people, so that they can flock to God and to attract those who have not yet received the true faith in the true God. .
However, there are many others whom the authorities have not been able to give a full count of bads and therefore the number of deaths cannot be confirmed besides these six who have already been reported.
He also criticized the silence of the MLA of the area on the Border Fencing.
Alphayos Pamblang scored the third goal in the 29th minute.
Shillong, November 16: The Meghalaya Retired Deficit School Teachers Association (MRDSTA) has declared Tirap, Longding and Changlang (TLC) as disturbed areas and has been brought under the AFSPA by the MHA. ) on Saturday urged the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government not to act hastily on the decision to replace the deficit school teachers. NCERT is available in schools in Meghalaya.
Therefore, since the Houthis started blocking all the ships that reached the area, foreign ships have had to avoid the area and have to crossing other routes to escape the threat of Houthi attacks.
The Executive Committee of the Chiehruphi Presbyterian Church on Tuesday met with the management of Meghalaya Cement Limited (Topcem), Thangskai to clarify the position of one of the employees of the factory. This was announced by the head of the company after a Public Hearing held at the Community Hall of the factory on the 24th of this month.
It is learned that these three candidates may join the BJP, which will also contest the 2023 elections.
Speaking to media, Adelbert said that although he is the MLA of the constituency, the government does not want to include him in the High Level Committee (HLC). He didn't know what was wrong, but when the government took the decision to evict the Harijans from Themiewmawlong, he was ready to support it.
The President of SKRSTB said that as the leaders of the region, they urge the Meghalaya government to fight against this so that Assam will not be included in the map of the new district as these areas are still existing. between the conflict between Meghalaya and Assam.
Jerusalem has offended God and has once killed the Son of God, but even so because of God's eternal love He has to take care of His city for the sake of His Son Jesus Christ who will be saved. I will come back to the world.
The event was attended by the Range Forest Officer, Bah BM Kharkongor, Fire & Emergency Services, Mairang, Village Leaders and residents of the area.
The 69 weeks were fulfilled according to Daniel.
“The district council will also set up gates to check the entry and exit of people in Ïewduh and will not allow those who stay overnight or use shops in Ïewduh,” said the CEM. The Committee on Safety, Security and Cleanliness of Ïewduh of KHADC will soon conduct a search of illegal liquor shops and vacant places in Ïewduh.
Nongstoiñ: The four Sengbhalang of the WKHD area have given their full support to the implementation of the rules and regulations of the KHADC through the EM of Trade Department Bah Paul Lyngdoh and with the cooperation of all the members of the Council to extend the issuance of trading licenses to foreigners without permits in the markets. These four organizations including the HYC, WYF, HANM West Khasi Hills and WKSU praise the Council for its failure to implement the laws and regulations of the KHADC. established and existing for the purpose of ensuring the smooth running of the market vendors as well as the shopkeepers in the market to avoid any conflict between the vendors and buyers and so on. to arrest foreigners who sit in the open market without complying with all the rules and regulations.
When the leaves are cut and placed inside the house, all the doors and ventilators are closed, and the pajwa is set on fire.
Israel has sent more than 3,00,000 troops in the past 48 hours to destroy the Hamas militants.
That's all, I can do, I'm too sorry".
According to the Pandemic Act 2005, it is the responsibility of the government to provide food items to those who are affected by this disease. this time, but it should not be counted sting again.
“We demand that the government should change the reservation policy by increasing the number of Khasi-Jaintia to 50 percent and abolish the reservation in education,” said Bah Pyndapbor.
Your words are heavier than a polo shirt.
“This is part of the protest against the mismanagement of senior leaders,” he said.
“Until this moment, I had never trained my people to use that money.
The resignation of Sepp Blater has become the headline of the media around the world.
“As of now, they have immediately inspected the area and we are waiting for the report of the test,” she said.
The statement said that the Congress members who still trust under the leadership of Bah Drola, unanimously at a meeting held on 4th June at Smit, have decided to oppose the party and go to support the party. The UDP candidate who is also the MLA of the area has been urged to insult people and not to allow his leaders to be treated as inferior to them.
Congress MPs have demanded the removal of Union Foreign Minister Sushmita Raj and Rajasthan Chief Minister Vasundhara Raje for allegedly supporting Lalit Modi while Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivrah Singh Chouhan has been arrested on charges of involvement in the Vyapam scam worth billions of rupees.
Heimonmi Pasah, teacher at the school, said that this laboratory will help the students in their studies in the subject Science and in this laboratory you can also do any project to research ( Research) and it is hoped that there will be children who will become scientists through this study of Science.
The reason was overstaffing and the coal blockade.
The absence of those who come to protect and enlighten us or the absence of those great leaders who can look after us and encourage us, give us hope.
Gilbert Kharmujai, who scored 58 runs in the tied, also took two wickets.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should revise this and the MLAs of Jaintia Hills should listen carefully to this anthem which has removed Jaintia Hills from the state anthem.
“His death will be difficult to fill the void,” said Dr. Sangma.
This is the truth that has been found.
The use of nanofertilizers will also contribute to the objectives of the PM Programme, which has started to promote other types of fertilizers and the use of fertilizers in a sustainable manner. don't be afraid.
What is more worrying for the village authorities is that the residents have also turned this place on Jingkieng Flyover into a place to drink alcohol and commit illegal activities and this has been witnessed from time to time. They said that there are those who are drunk and have behaved rudely in this place which is also a threat to the peace and order of the people.
They are among the few vegetables that contain all the essential amino acids.
The BSF has set up a vigil at the border areas to provide protection against all types of border crimes.
Only those who understand can understand this truth.
Besides, the KSU will also distribute awards to those who have completed their PhD degrees from 2018 to
“It is better for the government to remove MUDA from Byrnihat, if it cannot re-employ these two dismissed Longkmie,” they said. If the people of this area lose their jobs and which is the income of others from outside the village, while the residents are unemployed.
He said the government had planned to spend about Rs 14 crore on the sports festival, but instead of spending on the festivals, why didn't it provide lunch teachers in various schools? , he said.
Myntri Rangbah Duh said that this House is like a family despite the differences and comments and said that the uniqueness of this House is that there is never any disappointment.
, 1936), pp.375-393, David Roy commented thus: “Such a conception can be easily explained in the present day as an ingenious explanation to get people to give woman the idea of ​​mysterious descent and hence to be a fit ancestress of a family of chiefs; and secondly, it also explains the fact that unless some such woman is brought from somewhere and some such explanation of her origin given, there is no woman of any known family who would agree to become a Syiem or ancestress of Syiems as no Khasi family would perform such duties as the receipt of certain property.
Coal, ore, stone and other minerals are mined from the state for kilograms abroad.
Do you see the light through the NLCN? After Meghalaya was declared the poorest state after Bihar, the Global Gridded Relative Deprivation Index (GRDI) has found that the standard of living in our state has declined sharply.
T.TyrsaNongstoiñ, Jymmang 5: The scheme to provide Compassionate Ground to the families of government employees in Grades III and IV who died part-time, has been recognized since 11th November 1984 and started. implemented since 1996 onwards.
The Executive Committee (EC) of the KHADC today decided to distribute T.1 crore to all the 29 MDC constituencies within the Council's jurisdiction.
They are expected to respond within two days,” said the NHRC. The statement said that there is an allegation that the Assam Police and Forest Guard have seized a truck carrying timber. to be arrested in Mukroh by these authorities.
Others throw garbage all day long at home and when it gets dark they go to the streets and don't talk to the market dwellers or shopkeepers. To you, please look at the parking lots, enter the government offices, the posts, the electric posts, please don't shun those signs, they will be covered with shun. These are the people who are stupid. If they are stupid or don't understand, the mind can teach, but if the heart is dark, how can they be taught or explained?
He said that the existence of the Sixth Schedule is an important part of strengthening the Khadar rule of the nation according to the religion, customs and traditions, and the Khadar rule according to the characteristics of the nation.
However, according to the above information, the KHADC has accepted and allowed to Tang Jait even a Dkhar woman who has a Khasi husband.
The dog, who was able to climb high, was Hugo and his two friends, Harley and Henry, helped him to climb high.
Last month, 441 cows worth T.66 lakh were seized from 50 places in Meghalaya.
This policy is very important especially for the youth and the elderly, as it is a serious subject that affects the lives of every person,” said Conrad. .
The body of TR Sangma, a teacher of Rangsapara Secondary School, who died at the scene, was also taken to the scene. after sustaining serious injuries from being stabbed by the robbers.
Isn't it right to mention a few of the shortcomings?
Samehi Laloo, President, Rtn.
Lajong are top of the points table with 13 points from five games.
Police said that although the name or place of residence of the body is not known, but from the body of the body was also found another handkerchief which was in the body. Police have taken the body to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem. Police have taken the body to Civil Hospital Nongstoin for post mortem. A case has been registered and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Therefore, we have to take strong action on this issue,” said Bah Pynïaid.
“Bah, don't go empty-handed but eat as much as we can to prepare,” said the daughter of the deceased along with the people.
The deadline for registration is 22 October
The distribution of rice according to these rules for AAY rice will be 5 kilos per head free of charge and PHH rice will be distributed at 5 kilos per head free of charge.
Ardent said how can an MLA who won the election come back to the constituency with an ML-01 vehicle, he gets PSOs and a high salary.
All these allegations are similar to other allegations against other governments.
This training center conducts free training in various fields such as agriculture, farming, sewing, repair of mobile phones, production of mommati, achar-umsoh-jam, training for men and women, how to make lights and repair light equipment, how to drive a small vehicle and other training.
But we also need to strengthen our own.
From Calcutta University in 1954.
The area to the right and left is flat and has many bir and ahor.
I see that the MDCs think of the money and not the council.
She urged that HDFC Bank should be one of the banks to help the people of the area by providing loans to the farmers and farmers so that they can increase their income and it will improve the society.
Remember, you people, think carefully about which path you are taking in this election, because perhaps the trouble will come later.
He said that this disease can be treated easily by not allowing water to collect in the yard and protect yourself from being infected with these diseases. “The DH&MO office will also conduct an awareness program on Thursday in Baridua, as part of the training to the people in Baridua,” he added.
He said that despite the increase in the illegal sale of kyiad, the department has generated revenue of only T.162.66 crore in 2013-14, T.155.13 crore in 2014-15 and T.170.03 crore in -16, T.168.98 crore in 2016-17 and T.199.30 crore in 2017-1
Tura, July 19 : Many roads in Garo Hills have been cut off and traffic has been suspended due to the floods.
The 40-year-old man is a resident of Umlyngkdait village in Nongpoh area.
The competition is also part of the annual youth week program which started from 23rd November 2021 to 1st July
The MSSASA filed the petition on 28th July this year against the Government of India and the Government of Meghalaya under Article 226 of the Constitution of India.
In his speech in the session of both the Houses of Parliament, he said that the government will take the same role for the small paid people to participate in the development of the country. India.
Let us turn back to the ADB grant, this is not a loan and details on this can be found on the website of the Asian Development Bank.
They were welcomed by KSU leaders, members and relatives after their release from Shillong District Jail.
This use of these materials has caused a lot of pollution to the environment due to their widespread use.
Therefore, the residents of the area who love football are requested to come and witness with their own eyes this tournament so that it will be an inspiration and to promote good deeds.
Before 2014-15, the deficit in electricity supply was 4.5%.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting with the CEM, Akrisha Mylliempdah said that she had come to complain to Pynshngaiñ N Syiem about the theft of her 156 acres of land, but the former CEm refused. She said that Bah Shylla said that he would look into the documents before taking the necessary action.
The first death shall be the first death, and the second death.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Shylla said that since childhood he wanted to become a man to serve the people as an IAS. He got 86 percentile and wanted to go to Arts but at home they wanted to go to Science, so he had to obey.
Finally, the Feast of Tabernacles.
The program was concluded with the distribution of policies to 60 farmers.
“Dr Dilip Kumar, has been ready to leave behind his life after retirement and has been able to “It was also decided to provide services in the rural areas of the state i.e. at Saipung which is a hardworking area for the welfare of the residents of the area. Shillong, June 14: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban has said that the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has brought hope to the people of Saipung area and the villages under the Saipung C&RD Block. The Circle on Tuesday submitted a petition to the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Kong RM Kurbah and gave them 15 days to remove the illegal residents from Maxwelton Estate.
Once again we remember the 186th death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiemlieh, the warrior of the country, who fought for independence from the British rule.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Manipur by 211 runs on the first day of their Ranji Trophy plate group match in Kolkata today.
Adding to his speech, Bah Sounder said that as youth, they should set a goal to showcase their talents not only within the villages but set a goal to become leaders in the district. The state and the world as a whole because through the organization of such games is part of the development of the talents of the youth and also as part of the liberation of the youth from evil because if Young people spend time in such sports activities and it will take time for them to forget about many kinds of evil deeds.
He also congratulated the winners of the Swacch Survekshan Gramin Award 2023, Nonglang and Langtor.
He demanded that the DC should take action to investigate or stop immediately before the HYC takes the law into its own hands.
In connection with this incident, the police have conducted an investigation to find out the truth.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, District School Education Officer, Kong L. Syiemlieh, Sub-Divisional School Education Officer. The Headmaster of the school, Bah W. Warjri and the Sordar of Nongkhlaw Village, Bah K. Dkhar.
When the struggle began, (L) Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh gathered the people and selected the volunteers and retired soldiers, who became teachers how to fight not by words but by deeds and The first goal is “If we don't get a full state, we will take direct action”.
“We are not against the election with a letterhead but against the inadequate conduct of the election,” said Bah Kharbangar.
Three goals for Rangdajied United FC came through former Shillong Lajong players, Tremiki Lamurong in the 32nd and 73rd minutes and Batskhem Thang in the 32nd and 73rd minutes. Khiew scored the first goal in the 56th minute.
Speech was delivered by Bah C Budnah, Chief Conservator of Forests, Bah J Sohkhlet Rangbah Shnong and traditional dance was performed by the youth of Wahkhen Village. , by the Secretary of the Village.
Shillong, June 07: Three members of the Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) have been arrested by the East Khasi Hills District Police after they drove away tourists from Mawdiangdiang. on Tuesday at 9:00 pm.
Police, who have been searching for him for the past 8 years, have arrested him on the 15th from Malki, Shillong. in the hand of the law.
Shillong: The State Government has announced that all government offices will be closed on 28th and 31st November
Many states have complained that the rapid tests do not work properly to detect the coronavirus in humans and after the complaint, the Government of India has ordered to suspend the use of these tests. The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) will send its staff to inspect the devices to see if they are working. .
The UDP has urged the Government to expedite this and the party will follow up on this.
The groups reportedly attacked a small place of worship belonging to a Hindu community in the Kashmore region of Sindh.
The Nongstoiñ Diocese strongly condemns these terrible incidents against the Catholic faith; especially by those who pretend to be Bishops and who take advantage of the opportunity to consecrate Priests, as is done in our Catholic Church,” said the statement.
Laitkor SC, who are also the champions of PFR Academy, have won 6-0 and 16-0 on the opening day of the tournament. The SSA Women Football League 2023 was held at the MFA Turf, Polo on Monday.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 9: Since last year, the Bharatya Janata Party (BJP) Nongstoin Mandal has started thinking about the candidates for the upcoming elections to be held on the 27th of this month. Dimandar Lyngdoh, one of the party leaders, said that the party has held more than 50 meetings.
Jeremiah 31:4.
So why shlei um? These are only signs of these last days so that people can prepare their lives to seek God.
The two words 'political appointment' mean the appointment of people solely because they belong to the political parties in power in the state.
Speeches were also delivered by the Secretary Shnong, Rangbah Shnong who expressed their gratitude to the offices that have assisted the Synroplang SHG in bringing about such a project for the health of the village and the district. hi everyone.
Two of the passengers died, one on the spot, another at Sibbari Hospital and many others were injured.
The meeting of the Society decided to invite the leaders of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) to explain the working principles of the Society.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has concluded the 2022 Khasi Traditional Dress Competition 2022 in the presence of Pynshai Rani, Publicity Secretary of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU). ES Majaw, owner of Ri Khasi Book Agency, Shanbor Khongjah, one of the leading office bearers of Seng Khasi Sengraij, was the guest of honour, Bah ES Majaw, owner of Ri Khasi Book Agency. invitees welcome.
Jowai, July 21: Namdong A, an old village established in 1790 and also located about 45 km from Jowai, is one of the oldest villages in Thadlaskein Block, West Jaintia Hills District. villages which set the best example for other villages in the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
The Inter-College Competition was held in various competitions including Poetry, Short Story, Essay and Collage Making. Colleges in Ri Bhoi District including Union Christian College, Balawan College, Eastern Ri Bhoi Synod College.
There will be no more sickness, and death will be no more, and those who share in the first resurrection at the beginning of the 1,000 years will not experience the second death.
Therefore, in the past few months, the Seng has met with the Chief Engineering of PWD and the Minister In Charge of PWD, Bah Prestone Tynsong and they have promised to call tender for this road. These months have passed but until now they have not done anything on this road.
I don't need a broker tag (money...).
The 29-year-old joined City from Athletic Bilbao in July 2018 for £57m.
He promised that he will create opportunities as a leader to find out what help he can for the school, and urged teachers to increase enrollment so that they receive benefits not provided by the government.
Speaking on behalf of the Mawmerang Presbyterian Church, T.Bn.
If you don't know, tell Bah Samlin to come and meet me, I'll explain.
The 'Hamara Sankalp Vikasit Bharat' program at Nongspung Village Square in West Khasi Hills District was suddenly lost to witness the speech of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. on various schemes of the Government due to the lack of internet in the area.
In a meeting with Bah Staising Kharbteng, Member of the Executive Dorbar of Lyngiong Hima, the present Lyngdoh of Lyngiong Hima, Bah Hamphrey Ryntathiang and other Hima elders, said that the age of the Lawkyntang is The Lyngdoh of the Hima Lyngiong Lyngdohship of the Ryntathiang Kur who is the Chief Ruler of the Hima together with the Executive Dorbar. Hima Lyngiong which includes besides the Lyngdoh, the Ministers of the Shangpliang and Swer clans, the Rangbah Shnongs and the prominent elders.
It is learned that on receiving information about the incident, the residents together with the village leaders of Mawmluh rushed to the scene and informed the Sohra SDPO. They immediately rushed to the scene together with the police to take the necessary action.
This includes a memorial and a donation of Rs.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Currentis Rabon, said that he stands for the poor people especially the farmers. rim is gone.
“Our ancestors were very close to nature and knew the names of various trees and plants,” he added.
“We empower women without discrimination by giving birth to women, but to other nations that give birth to men, their children, many are blind, not only blind. "I don't know," he said.
That is the only way for us to ask again for this country, otherwise it will be destroyed.
Because of this difficulty in convincing the people, the MHIS has now talked to the church authorities to go to these places where the people refuse to explain about this.
If we look at the South West Khasi Hills from Mawsynram, Ranikor, Balat to the uranium deposits, we see that the Garo people have been destroyed.
In India, the number of cases has risen to 151 at the time of writing, including 25 officials.
“I want to complete this journey by next April.
The meeting was conducted by Bah John F. Kharshiing, Working President of MSOA & Chairman of GTCC. , Assistant Director Sports Department and others.
Jowai: The devotees in Nartiang have protested against the appointment of a Pandit at the Durga Temple in Nartiang village.
Then it happened that when he came back on the weekend evening he found that foreigner sitting near the fire with his wife (Kmie Rida). Rida's mother immediately saw the bajia and ran and called him along with the people but she saw that Rida's father didn't come back. more.
Generous Warlarpih President KJBWA said the KJBWA has decided to continue the strike and at the same time expressed the need for a new cow market in Byrnihat as the existing market is not suitable. a place suitable for milking cows.
Shillong, July 06: “The political activities of parties now allow criminals and the rich to corrupt.
Before the funeral service, the youth climbers of the state came forward to lay the flag of the synjuk on the coffin of Bah Tiklu, as a sign of last respect to this Rangbah. , who is eager to appear in this kind of work.
Concluding the statement, the President of the Seng, Samla-HL Tariang, said that the Seng has set aside the MLA of Sutnga-Saipung Constituency and the government to look into the matter. They also discussed the problems of this border area especially the road from Prang Bridge to Sonapur and other benefits.
The three candidates are incumbent MLA and former Symbud Chief Minister Rowell Lyngdoh, Langrin MDC Manstudy Nongrem and Kynpham Kharlyngdoh. Former President of KSU Delhi and Assistant Education Secretary of KSU Sengkmie who have joined the Congress party.
Rida's mother, because she hadn't forgotten the disrespectful behavior of her husband, didn't even talk to him.
Speaking to media, some of the students said that their demand has been going on for a long time but the authorities have not listened to them.
“I am standing here not to contest elections but to serve the people.
Mawkyrwat, Lber 31: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Mawkyrwat Circle will hold the 1st Sngap Sing Syiem Memorial Football Tournament 2022 at MDSA Ground, South West Khasif. Hills District.
This year, 887 boys and girls from 29 schools in the district have taken part in various categories from Under-14, Under-16 and Under-1
Not only that, we will have to elect leaders for the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and also the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council.
One of the conditions is that the sellers must deposit a security deposit of T.1 lakh for state residents and T.2 lakh for non-state residents.
Adding on this, Bah Donboklang Kharlyngdoh said that the refusal of hospitals to accept poor mothers has led to the death of many mothers and children. training to other hospitals by urging them not to wait until the arrival of civil society organizations or others to receive the sick or poor women.
The Rangbah cannot do evil rather than the good of the Woman, because it is she who has brought shame.
According to the SP of East Khasi Hills, Rituraj Ravi, the incident happened on Tuesday at about 11:15 pm.
Jowai, Naitung 23: The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has decided to resume its protests due to the Beh dein khlam festival in Jaintia Hills. The JSU has ignored the three demands of the JSU for the development, health and livelihood of the people of Jaintia Hills. .
Between school and our studies, we should also have time for exercise and other sports.
Shillong: Umsning MDC Macdalyne S Mawlong today joined the National People's Party (NPP) in the presence of National People's Party (NPP) President Conrad K Sangma. The meeting was held at the office of the party in Shillong.
Likewise, this clearly shows that the proposal to build a railway line will not be necessary.
According to a report published on 20th November, 2015 on Miningweekly.com, in Meghalaya, many political parties from the state, and land owners have staged a strong protest against the The Central Government cannot discriminate against them because of the uniqueness of the land as well as the minority status.
Nongpoh: It will be a great joy for the people living in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam, which is also an area where the people do not have access to adequate roads and roads, but now The Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the road from 9Mer to Umsen. on the border of Assam.
This was announced by UDP East Khasi Hills District President Titos Starwell Chyne after opening a special meeting of the Executive Committee on Tuesday.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The State Government has faced a problem on how to clean up the city of Shillong and this time it has turned to the people to ask for their opinions on how to clean up the city of Shillong. be clean and beautiful.
The Nongmalieh Ford dealership was opened to the public recently, in July,
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills District.
These include 262 cases in East Khasi Hills, 38 cases in West Garo Hills, 24 cases in Ri Bhoi, 5 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 3 cases in South West Garo Hills, 3 cases in West Garo Hills and
A bus and a car were set on fire in the Nairobi area of ​​Kenya during a protest by the opposition.
Shillong: The State Government has approved the launch of Graduate Diploma Courses to address the shortage of specially trained doctors in the State.
Secretary, MBSG, West Jaintia Hills gave the welcome speech while Trebor Talang, Asst District Organizer Scouts gave the welcome speech.
Amrinder Singh has decided to step down as the Chief Minister of Punjab, again due to a mistake in electing leaders.
Shillong Lajong FC on Friday beat Neroca FC Manipur 1-0 in the first leg at the SSA Stadium, Polo, Shillong.
The purpose of this program is to shut the brains of the children so that they will be able to retain the lessons and knowledge explained to them.
Also to assist in the affected farmland as the affected farmland affects the income.
Titos added that the power outage has also affected the tourism industry in the area.
Speaking to the members of the union, Superintendent of Police, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, IPS promised to take action on the demand of the union and to send traffic police starting tomorrow. a day to drive vehicles to those schools near the highway.
For all other Higher Education institutions such as state universities, private universities etc., may open only for research scholars (Ph.D.
On the other hand, although the BJP does not have any leaders in the Legislative Assembly, it has nominated its candidate for the MP election, Bah Shibun Lyngdoh.
The army has joined hands with the government authorities and the NDRF. It is expected that the cyclone will cause heavy damage in parts of Kutch, Devbhumi Dwarka and Jamnagar district, the IMD said. The state government has planned to evacuate the people living in areas about 10 km from the coast, officials said.
The Union of Village Authorities of Jowai has decided to protest against the transfer of PWD North Jowai Division to Shangpung Sub-Division.
In the second match, Bamkhosngi SC and Mynthlu SC drew 1-1
After the cleanliness, the VDP Shnong Namdong B donated dustbins to the Dorbar Shnong and urged the children of the Shnong as well as the visitors to clean up the village.
It is also worth mentioning that the Congress Nongstoiñ leaders have strongly opposed Bah Gabriel Wahlang when the Congress party has nominated him as MDC of KHADC. The media reported that until now, there has been no agreement within the Congress on the post of MDC.
“We have set a new price from June at T.5 tyngka for children and T.10 tyngka for adults,” said Bah Marwein.
The Dorbar Shnong has congratulated the MDC for his vision of the problems of the residents regarding the shortage of food during these times when the Government has imposed a lockdown to combat the spread of the disease. do not know how to get COVID-1
Hundreds of pigs have died of African Swine Flu in the village.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 75079 out of which 71120 have recovered and 1296 have died.
“On this occasion, the Assembly Secretariat sends its condolences to the family members and prays that God will console them in this tragic incident,” said the statement.
To take care of yourself, your family, your community, to avoid food that destroys the body to avoid getting sick at such times.
Shillong, Lber, 15: The Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the Citizenship Amendment Act, 2019 is a violated article in Meghalaya because according to the Rule of the Act, it has been passed. in the Sixth Scheduled Areas.
This Act is a powerful tool because it has the provisions to punish corrupt people unlike the Right To Information (RTI) Act which is only a tool to expose corruption. .
The General Secretary of the PDF, Bah Auspicious Lyngdoh Mawphlang, has acknowledged that the PDF is still an alive party.
In November, 2023, the amount of money that the state government will pay back to the SSA teachers is T.1191.615 lakh.
It has been seen above that the great thinkers, in the early days of India, had a vision of the protection of the minorities and backward minorities by establishing District Councils.
“The Prime Minister will convene a meeting soon to take a decision on this,” he said.
At the same time, he said that the door for the unity of the ethnic parties in the state is still open as it has been said earlier.
Meanwhile, another motorcycle driven by Dengchrang T Sangma, number ML 14 8862, 23, son of Karben A Sangma, resident of Garobadha. in Dengnakpara, after all these drivers reached the Chimisengre Bridge, they collided.
How can I get out? The rain has fallen completely, if the rain has fallen, there is a need for a dressmaker, otherwise the nation will be destroyed, where will it rise? Who does that? They are the ones who are chosen by the people to be leaders, but they do not do what is right? The foot that is precious to God and righteousness, you foot will roll, you will see how it rolls, it rolls to the goal or to the rud if the round sharud is broken.
UDP candidate for Sohiong; The UDP has claimed that it will win from Sohiong constituency in the upcoming mid-term MDC elections.
Shillong: The Executive Committee of the KJP Synod Mihngi on Tuesday held a meeting on July 11, 2020 at the Synod Office, Jowai to discuss the current situation due to the rapid spread of Corona virus. COVID 19 in the State, India and around the world.
The stock of synsar since last year is still in the market.
On Friday last month, a clash broke out between the two communities in Khanduli village.
The Speaker said that this recent budget will confirm that we have a government close to Meghalaya in Delhi.
Henry Khonglah scored the second goal for Umkiang while Rishadkmen Rymbai scored the second goal for Chiehruphi.
The candidates announced for the Shillong seat are incumbent Congress MP Vincent H Pala, Minister of State Ampareen Lyngdoh from the NPP, Robertjune Kharjahrin from the UDP, Dr Ricky AJ. Syngkon from the VPP and independent candidates.
“My wish is that they should not only take care of the schemes of the central government for Meghalaya, but should also take care of the ILP because this issue is very serious.
This was improper and in violation of the Financial Rules of the Government of Meghalaya.
Ïaisan Bamedon won the Most Promising Player title in the Junior Boys category, while Deity Baihun Kharsynteng won the Most Promising Player title in the Junior Girls category.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 03 :On the occasion of the Northeast Festival 2022 which is part of the Azadi ka Amrit Mahotsav, the Block Development Officer, Wapung C&RD Block today organized a “Self Help Group (SHG) Mela cum financial literacy camp," inside the ground of Wapung Skur village, East Jaintia Hills District.
“We have launched the scheme with an FRP Hatchery which can produce only 2 lakh fish seeds per annum, but the need for fish seeds in East Jaintia Hills District is 10 million to 15 million tonnes. in ten years.
I will proclaim your glory forever,” said the organizers.
Shillong, June 01: Alicia Bakor Phanwar of Meghalaya has won the ENBA Gold Award for the best news producer in English. The Exchange4media News Broadcasting Awards (ENBA) was held at the Imperial Hotel, New Delhi on 30th October.
Pynursla: After a complaint from the residents of three villages, Pomlum, Mawkajem and Mawkhap, regarding the dumping of soil and stones into the Umsong River. Not only that, they also pump water to the tympew farm where Mawkhap village used to grow a lot of tympew.
Although they have been a blessing to the people, but with the passage of time and the growth of the population, these health centers have remained the same.
Elon Musk, the owner of Tesla, has created the smartest robot to date, which can move its fingers and can also walk or fly. sit and kneel, as needed.
Thus, the master who employs and has employees under him, regards his employees as mere coins, without rank before him, even as stones. .
The election for the Rajya Sabha MP will be held in June this year after the seven-year term of Wansuk Syiem from the Congress expires.
Which is amazing how the company gets to own their land.
Lalhunkima has taken from the stone carvings that are well known in the Champhai area and painted them on sladur jaiñ.
But the plague does not know who is righteous or wicked.
Nongpoh, Naitung, 05: The National Horticulture Board, Guwahati in collaboration with the District Horticulture Officer, Ri Bhoi District has launched a training on various government schemes for the benefit of farmers under the Department of Horticulture. They conducted a special training program to provide training on benefits to the farmers through the Horticulture Department in Ri Bhoi.
Momin said the government has also paid the Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme and the Meghalaya ASHA Benefit Scheme which have not been paid since
Morocco's Hakimi, who is also a PSG player, failed to score despite trying his best to win the match.
“We have not arrested the suspect yet and we are looking into the CCTV footage,” said Bah SA Rynjah.
The election of MLAs, MDCs and MPs in today's society is based on democracy according to the party system of government.
In this regard, another meeting will be held on the 17th of this month to urge the government what it should do if it wants to promote tourism in Meghalaya.
One of the problems is that even the agricultural fields and land that can be planted and buried have already been destroyed and even the drinking water will be sufficient for health.
The Anti-Human Trafficking (AHTU) East Khasi Hills conducted a search operation and arrested three prostitutes and three prostitutes.
He also urged them to work hard and not to work for personal gain so that the service to the people is clean without corruption and to help the people with love. He wished the party and its followers to work hard for the welfare of the residents.
Cows, pigs, chickens, goats and fish are also imported from other states.
She said that she has tried as much as possible to take measures to prevent and restore peace and order but the violence has increased.
The 5th of November is the birthday of Dr.S Radhakrishnan, the second President of India. India celebrates this day to honor Teachers Day and The Governments of Meghalaya and India used to publish articles in English that said, “There is no substitute for great teacher.
In the first match between Nongpdeng CC and Jersey Kings, Jersey Kings started tied first after winning the toss.
The investigation will be conducted by the Sub-Divisional Officer of Sohra.
This will be 40 years after Barcelona hosted the 1992 Olympics.
Sohra MLA Bah TW Chyne will be the chief guest.
The closing ceremony of the Behdein Khlam on the 15th will start at 10 pm.
At present, the ambulance at Nongtalang CHC is not working because there is no key to drive it.
“The Management Committee will have to consider all these issues separately,” she suggested.
Shillong, July 18 : The Garo Students Union (GSU) Rongkon Unit on Tuesday said that the Rongkon and Chigitchak areas of Dadenggre Sub Division have been in darkness for six months due to power outage.
“I want to see that not a single part or area in the state will be forgotten or left behind because the goal of our government is to bring development to all,” he said.
" Let us be courageous with human knowledge.
The curfew will come into force from 5 pm on 28th July
In 1979, the riots began with the attack on Khasi youths at Jailroad while they were returning from Polo after a football match.
“We have tried to walk on our own for some time now and now we are very happy in this new arrangement, to live on our own, but not to look at the household, as in other households, which help one another.
The family members said that the incident happened on the night of the 11th when the children of Kharsyntiew went to pick tit from the forest and as soon as they ate the tit they started getting sick.
• Knowledge gained from the implementation of Mission Indradhanush preparations to complete and vaccinate children and pregnant women who have not received vaccination.
She said that her daughter had gone to work in a company in other states, which even her mother did not know the name of the company, where she had worked for 1 year. Guwahati, 2 years in Chenai, 3 years in Haryana and only 3 months in Delhi and died there.
Thabah said the Lyngdoh has confirmed to the KSU that she and the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma will take action on the issue in New Delhi on Saturday.
For more information please call: 9863043885/ 7005666802/
“It is not right to announce or explain any matters that are pending, or any demands that are pending, but after a decision has been made, I will announce them”.
Nongstoin, 09 Nailar :Although the NGT has released the mining and trading of new coal after the old coal has been exhausted, another problem for the coal traders this time is another order of the NGT. The Meghalaya High Court on 30th July 2015 has banned not only the mining of coal but all mining activities in Meghalaya.
He said that this area has become a commercial area for some illegal illegal immigrants, who have been involved in illegal trade. Drug abuse, drug trafficking, shooting, robbery and to bring instability in this area.
Ma Khonglah said that the date of the fete and the opening of the Lucky Draw will be announced later and those who have purchased Lucky Draw tickets should keep them safe until further notice.
How can the district authorities bring in the DC when even the DC is still like a child to carry by hand?
About 32,000 households have been flooded and 142 villages in West Garo district have been affected.
The woman has lost more than Rs 8 lakh and is now in a state of shock.
This economic growth is powered by industries and related activities that are transforming India every day.
The ICP will be a milestone in the income of the people of the country especially in Meghalaya which has its own beauty, where people will get jobs, trade and many other opportunities. the roads, Rijiju said.
“The MDA-I has tried to do a lot and has been able to solve many of your problems.
The Tournament Committee will continue the match on Saturday 28th of this month with the first match between Amlanai YB vs Nonglamin FC at 12 noon while the first match will be between Pohplet FC and Pohplet FC. The match will be played against Nongrah SC (Shillong) at 2 pm.
He congratulated the Congress for supporting the ILP. “Only getting ILP does not mean that we will lose other laws to protect us but we need laws to protect the villagers,” said the Mawkyrwat MLA.
Places like Khyndai Lad to Jail Road and City Hut Dhaba will not be allowed after 11.30 pm and security will be tightened in these areas.
Bindo said that in Arunachal Pradesh, people travel well, although there is no railway and the ILP is in force, and in Sikkim there is no railway and there is ILP, but people , they travel well, and in Mizoram also there is an ILP, but people travel to that state.
New Delhi, Jymmang 20: Narendra Modi, 63, has been elected as the leader of the BJP MPs today. he quoted LK Advani as saying that he had done the right thing by taking over as leader.
Because the turnover of dewbilat factories in India is between 15 to 40 percent.
He was admitted to CCU on 08.12.2023 and died on 17.12.2023 at 12:30 pm.
Mawlangwir Sports Club invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness with their own eyes this beautiful match between these teams.
Justice Salvi said that the Deputy Commissioner and Superintendent of Police of East Khasi Hills should cooperate as much as necessary with MUDA in the fight against illegal constructions.
She also stressed the urgent need to introduce a Private Members Motion in Parliament whether in the Lok Sabha or Rajya Sabha.
Just know a little about Zacharias.
The summons came after Abhishek's wife Rujira was questioned by the investigation team in connection with the coal theft.
She said that she has urged the state unit to allow more women as candidates who have the hope of winning and not just to nominate candidates in name only.
“The victory of the VPP in the District Council elections will show all these parties that now the people of the Khasi community will give their trust only to the VPP. “If the government continues to do so, the union will intensify its protests until the government has to comply because the demand of the union is that they demand. righteousness and justice.
Shillong: U Dr Celestine Lyngdoh, President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPC) today said that there is no urgency to elect a new President.
We strongly oppose any record of a temporary peace settlement that could threaten our entire country and the right to self-reliance," the leaders concluded.
I resigned from the government job because I wanted to work for the youth and our small community,” said Bah Jubanlang Kharbihkhiew.
Shillong, November 7: After the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, former Minister of State and Comingone Ymbon, Kolkata, Prestone Tynsong, while talking to a news agency, said that since 2011, the Prime Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has not been in office well and has been slow to travel abroad. “The Prime Minister comes to office only 10 months a month, ask for RTI and you also go abroad,” said Prestone. 2014, 2015, 2016.
He said they have urged the people of the country to become 'Ni-kshayMitra', or 'friends to eradicate TB' where nearly 1 million patients have been received by the community.
He also promised that if there is any violence against the Khasi Pnars, they should appeal to the Supreme Court and seek protection from the Supreme Court.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The performance of a Sectional Assistant of the PWD Central Division office has been found to be irregular, according to information received under the RTI.
Also present on the occasion were Bah TKK Marbaniang Ranger North Range, Bah SD Pyngrope Forester North Range and other officers and rangers of the Forest Department.
UDP Mawthadraishan Leader Lam Lyngdoh has expressed his deep sorrow over the passing away of Maieit Hopingstone.
Meanwhile, Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh said that the high fee for registration of land has frightened the people of the state to come forward to register their land and urged the government to to reduce the fees to allow the public to come forward.
The turnout of most MPs was 81 percent.
He said that as Bah Mawrie is the owner of Mawryngkneng and is also the leader of the State BJP, it would be better if he contests the bye election.
“Through modern technology, we can find those who have two names,” said Bah Kharkongor.
Martha added that if it had been known that MHIS could not pay as it said, it would have paid all the fees at the health centers recognized by the government scheme for the rural areas. coming from poor and destitute families, they would have gone to other free health facilities, although they take time to get better.
The Secretary of Lenmawtap alleged that it was the Sordar of Lenmawtap, Bah Kmel Nongbri, who was the broker in the conspiracy to sell the land to the BSF. The government has strongly warned against those brokers who are accustomed to engage in such activities especially those who sell for the life and death of the community and has strongly warned that if found guilty, it will take action against them. hard.
We are what we are now with the help of the government.
When asked why the Commissioner has ordered the ïit iong, they replied that according to the order, it is because many people from abroad have come to visit the country. In Meghalaya, many people go to eat and drink in their homes and if they see those people who don't eat meat, it shows that they are against those people who consider it sacred to eat any kind of meat. , tell the butchers.
Speaking at the meeting, the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh stressed that the Government is taking steps to create many roads, parks and others.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Teibok Kharkongor, Secretary UDP Mawlai Circle, Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of UDP Mawlai, Rangbah Shnong Mawsiatkhnam, HFU Mawlai Chairman Bah KW. Lynrah and others.
No lame or feformed people were seen and leprosy was unknown.
Meanwhile, Secretary to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Pravin Bakshi, who is also the Mission Director, NHM, said it is difficult for the government to invite specialist doctors as they are not in the state and cannot come from abroad. it’s very difficult.
Kitboklang Pale (16), Ebormi Buam (43), Fullmoon Mukhim (56) and Donborlang Nongkynrih (81) scored for Langsning while Barmanroy Nongsiej (85) scored for Nangkiew Irat.
Therefore, it has also banned Russian and Belarusian athletes from playing in any tournament to fly their country's flag.
Father Sangma said that our brothers and sisters who have joined the NGOs should come home, live as we live, we love you and we want you and the Meghalaya government is pleased to ensure. to maintain peace and order in Garo Hills and to send messages to the armed groups"
Tynsong, as you know, can no longer release three shyieng with HPL and there are 6 lakh households to install this meter in Meghalaya.
He said that if the government releases the money soon, the Council will pay the salaries of the employees immediately.
When asked whether the police have identified those involved, the SP said, “We have identified some of them and a case has been registered and the police will conduct an investigation.
The residents of the area urged the government to improve the road as soon as possible to avoid the suffering of the residents.
The stait that covers the symbol of this krai is not as difficult to remove as that of the true rai.
The arrested were identified as Sachin Singh, 26, Udham Singh, 23, Malkit Singh, 19, Vikash Singh, 20 and Rocky Singh, Hunter.
In fact, this Act was introduced in Assam in 1915, for which reason, these states, which used to be in Assam, have received ILP since those years. to prevent the entry of persons from other states without a permit (Ain Aibor).
In the view of the group that demands the change of the shim jait, is there any threat to the livelihood and wealth of the Jaitbynriew unless we change the shim jait? Only they can answer this question.
He said that according to the investigation, the owner of the house, Kitborlang Sohshang, said that he did not know anything.
The political condition of Israel has become corrupt, and only the rich and the elite are affected.
Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Urban Affairs and MLA of Nartiang, has expressed his confidence and predicted that the National People's Party (NPP) will win many constituencies in the 2023 MLA elections.
Dylan is not the only one who has been found guilty of this incident, but there are many others who have shown these facts.
“The exam will end on 12th October,” he said.
The arrested suspect was identified as Mikjar Ngulom also known as June Lendo, 32, a resident of New Bomte in Lower Siang district.
Their worship did not end on Sunday/Wednesday, but to serve God every day (Rom. 12:1-2), but they ate the Lord's Supper and offered sacrifices only on the first day of the month. the week.
ASHA workers want to raise public awareness and provide information on the needs for good health, such as nutrition, hygiene and sanitation.
Renikton, who was the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills in the first term, said it is up to the Chief Minister to appoint him as the Chairman.
On the 13th of this month, the Waheh Shnongs of Nongsning and Umrasong villages met with the Member Secretary of the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and expressed their opposition to the issuance of licenses to four pollution control plants. Coke Plants named M/SMM Minerals, M/S Unique Industry (2nd Chimney), M/S Presidium Breez, M/s Magic Coke and M/S Ioanis Industries Private Limited (Chimney 2) are located nearby. village especially in connection with one of the coke plants called M/S Presidium Breez which has damaged the water well of Nongsning village.
Ma Thombor Shiwat said the JHADC is not in a hurry to go to court and will give time to the government to release the land allocation before taking a decision.
The Rangbah Shnong together with his group have robbed the land of Stella Dkhar, her children, S Charity Dkhar, S Lakhonty Dkhar and Dita Phawa.
However, if you divide this 5 lakh by 5 years, how many people have been employed, nod.
In another match, Brighton beat Luton 4-1 in a spectacular match.
As a state we should force our State Government to pass a resolution in the Assembly against the CAA, especially against the NPR, NRC. The Bihar government which is the BJP government has passed a resolution. A few days ago, the Delhi Government also passed a resolution against the NPR and NRC, why is our government still asleep?
One of the injured was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong on
It is unusual news to hear that Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, who participated for the first time in Jiu-Jitsu martial arts, has retired from martial arts. He returned home with a silver and gold medals from a sports tournament held at Woodside High School in California near the highest school. of this company in Silicon Valley.
I didn't scan the pt.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the Children of Hajar of Sohiong Hima, today met with Bah Titos Chyne, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) to demand the removal of Bashemphang Thabah. Lyng doh of the Hima which has been suspended since 2019; However, the JAC has not been able to meet the CEM even after the arrangements have been made since the first day.
Click on the History page.
Regarding the shallan price of rice, the Deputy Commissioner said that the price of rice should not be T.40/- per quintal. /- and shall not exceed T.50/- per kilo.
This is Naidu's first meeting with Rahul Gandhi after he left the NDA. Chief Minister of Karnataka in June
The party also has the vision to improve, revive and transform and when they enter for the foundation and to look after the 40 and 50 years of brightness that awaits their children, “No one can stop them from that basis, for that reason they will go from time to time to the villages around to explain to the people,” said Bah Ardent.
Good he have the right to deserve it.
Regarding the health sector, he said that there are still many villages which need to set up sub centers and in this regard he has tried to go ahead and hope that some sub centers will come in these times to wan chess.
Renewed clubs must bring the list of office bearers, EC members, Registration and the joining fee is T.500/-.
(iii) The Supreme Court of India, on 12.2.2006, has ruled that “the offshoots of the wedlock of a tribal woman married to a non-tribal husband cannot claim Scheduled. Tribe Status" (children born of a marriage between a tribal woman and a non-tribal husband cannot become scheduled tribe themselves).
After this, there will be another 'Ïaid Pyni Riti' from Ïewrynghep Square to Weiking Jaïaw Stadium at 10 pm.
The MDCs were accompanied by UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Shillong, Naiwieng 22: The Meghalaya People's Front (MPF) will meet the Governor of Meghalaya, Dr KK Paul on Monday to explain the state of law and order in the state. .
Banners were seen on the grounds of the meeting that Dr. Mukul Sangma was the chief guest and Dr. Don was the symbud chief guest, but Dr. Don did not. had arrived.
REDUCE MENTAL STRESS:— Mental stress can further affect and damage your skin.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 680, with 470 cases in East Khasi Hills and 109 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
The meeting between the government and the Rangbah Shnongs tomorrow morning will be on the Village Administration Bill which has not yet reached any conclusion, despite the strong protests in the past few months. ago.
One of the advantages of this Khasi Bible is, not only the use of words that the people understand, but each book contains introductory words and this helps the readers to understand better and judge what they read and ask.
There were 22,516 females and 21,821 males.
They surrendered to the Mawsynram Police Station.
The State Disaster Management Authority (STMA) has urged the public not to be afraid but to cooperate with the government's preparations. and to think in advance about their journey to avoid traffic jams.
He said that at the meeting of the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern Council (NEC), Bah BB Lyngdoh stood up to speak in front of other Chief Ministers and said, “We are the Thousands of people are dying and Meghalaya needs to have a Medical Institute,” said the Chairman of the NEC. Indira Gandhi listened and approved of this proposal and immediately sent a letter to the Government of India.
And these places are like mats and this causes the stirring and stirring of mats.
“It’s what you say.
“While we were talking, he said that the Khasi are against Holi, they want to create an issue on the ethnic differences between the Khasi and those from Rithor. mobile phone of the child.
The KHADC has decided to abolish the Laitkroh constituency and create a new Umsning constituency.
However, fortunately, the people escaped without injuries while all the belongings were burnt down and burnt down as they could not escape from the rapid spread of the fire and burnt down the entire house.
Through the start of the injection campaign, for those between the ages of 15 to 18 years, it was decided to discuss with the education department and the school authorities, in order to send the injections to the children in the school. of age.
Police have arrested Amir and the investigation is ongoing.
The Khasi have their own civilization, their own culture.
“The fund allocated for the college has been spent properly to provide the needs of the students with computers as this will be another subject to improve the students,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, June 05: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in an order issued under Section 144 of the CrPC, has banned the movement of heavy vehicles such as trucks or dumpers on the Laitnamlang-Peiñlang road. , as the movement of overloaded heavy vehicles has caused the damage to this road.
The children of today, especially the youth, I am sorry that the future is in doubt whether they turn to their homes, whether they turn to others who have lost their lives or whether they turn to the Government.
In fact, the society really needs the political parties to look after such activities through social media. It is unthinkable and even women and children are willing to talk while through YouTube, Instagram and others.
The NGT has also found that there are ingtrep in the coal mines which shows that there are contractors who are trying to smuggle coal.
Key Points:1.
Shillong, Naitung 30: The Peace and Justice Committee of the Presbyterian Church of India today commemorated the passing away of former President of India Dr. APJ Abdul. I'm from Shillong.
The Dorbar Shnong Shnongpdeng would like to thank the Pioneer Adventure Tour (PAT) from Shillong for its donation to the residents on the 11th of this month with 12 byrni of rice, 30 kg of dai and fuel 30litres.
Pasqualina Lamare, one of the staff of SURE, gave a training on nutrition and a speech was delivered by Lambormi Suchen, Skill Development Officer. .
"The government has no role in the media, its role is only to issue announcements and articles," said Bah Sumar.
Dr Manas said that all this has happened because the Government led by Conrad Kongkal Sangma has worked in a manner that has not pleased the people of Meghalaya.
Santi Jnai Shianglong scored the first goal for H.Elias HSS in the second half.
Conrad K. Sangma, who is also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said that the rise of the NPP shows that the people trust the party.
BAM President Esron Marweiñ said that this decision was taken after a meeting between beef vendors from Ïewduh, Mawlai and other parts of the city.
According to the rules of law, Dr. Mukul Sangma cannot hold both the constituencies and will have to resign from one of them.
The total number of voters in the two councils reached 9,84,477 voters, the KHADC 7,35,143 voters (4.11 lakh female and 3.83 lakh male).
Thunder Legs Jump & 100 mts.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, said that out of the 34 cases, 15 are from Nagaon, 6 from Golaghat, 3 from Barpeta, 3 from Baksa, 3 from Sonitpur, 1 from Chirang. 1 from Karbi Anglong West, 1 from Dibrugarh and 1 from Lakhimpur.
KHNAM demanded that if the District Council cannot do so within two months, it should authorize the KHNAM to search with the District Council police.
Ardent said this while speaking at a meeting of the VPP party held at Dongkiingding, Mairang Constituency today.
Therefore, he encouraged them to work harder and be able to participate from time to time and as of now many of those who participated in this day are still children. still reading.
This is a communication from the family.
The NPP said that before saying anything about this, it needs to examine Jemino's understanding and knowledge of political and political affairs. any leader in charge of any department does not bring the answer to the problems but will prolong them.
Amlari Model Village has about 100 households and is about 15 kilometers from Amlarem.
The Cyber ​​Cell of East Khasi Hills Police, together with the West Jaintia Hills Police, have arrested the suspect. U Bah Donlad Shylla, at Nongjngi Village, West Jaintia Hills.
Nongstoiñ, March 5: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chairman of the Regional Committee on Border Dispute in West Khasi Hills, has announced that he will soon call upon the village and hima headmen to discuss before going to West Khasi Hills. The inspection of the villages and areas in the Langpih sector, in order to start the boundary settlement, has started to encourage the people.
The bodies of the victims have been identified by the family members and the investigation is ongoing.
When contacted by the Nepalis, they said that they have been living in the area for decades, so they don't have a place to flee. stay in that place.
Nongpoh: Members of the RBYF Umsning, today at 12 noon, have arrested 10 foreigners, who tried to work in factories in Umiam using a knife. The Mahindra Pick-up, number AS-25-CC-4666, was a vehicle built in such a way and resembled an explosive van. to Biscuit.
The first part will be through videos and the last part will be in person.
It is for the first time that Meghalaya has conducted the CUET examination this year which started on 15th June 2024 at three centres. Shillong, Jowai and Tura.
It cannot be denied that the rapid spread of drugs in West Khasi Hills has become terrible and perhaps there are no more places where he has not been able to enter.
On the VPP's request to debate on this issue, Dr Kharlukhi said, “It is the best idea and I believe the National Law University is the best platform to debate and to be witnessed by lawyers, dignitaries, intellectuals, heads of state and journalists"
Politics is not a spectacle or the color of the world. Politics is the life and death of the country and the nation. .
The letter signed by the Divisional Forest Officer, Jowai to RFO Passadwar said that according to the order of the court dated July 30, 2015, the Beat Officer in charge of Dawki Check Point has been ordered not to Return all Weightment Challans immediately.
In the women's kabaddi, two-time champions India have reached the final for the fourth time at the Asian Games after beating Nepal 61-0 17 on Thursday.
Police have already announced that if anyone has any information about these criminals involved in this crime, they are requested to inform the police station immediately and they will not be identified. and you buskit him.
“So far, there are 5125 drug addicts in the state, and 59 cases and 92 people have been arrested,” he said.
He said that Bah Victor, during his two terms as MDC, has helped a lot to the villages in the area, from footpaths, dewbilat roads and houses. Many times.
Ampareen needs to go to Vellore while Dr Mukul Sangma said he has nothing to do.
The Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) is currently conducting a project called 'Wrinkles Achhe Hai' and the government department is advising all its employees to, Those who are across India, to wear ragged clothes and who are not yet married, in the first days, until 15th June
Slamming the MDA government, Banerjee said the MDA government should stand on the foundation of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance, but from the failure of the government's working methods, it has been seen that the benefits have gone only. “The MDA stands for My Democratic Alliance, Meghalaya is so rich in natural resources, we see the roads, the schools without teachers and the youth. without work without jam".
You can mix sohkhia and sohjew by using a little rose water.
The incident occurred at the Forest Check-gate (of the Forest Department of the Government of Assam) and is about 10 kilometers away from Mukroh.
Speaking to u SP of East Khasi Hills, Sylvester Nongtnger, he said that police have registered a case against the HNLC for threatening to kill the Chief Minister of Sohra.
If the government and the department continue to reopen, the WKSU will take strong measures.
Lensbirth N Marak (53 runs from 51 balls, 4x4s, 3x6s) with the support of his teammate, Thunun N Marak, who scored 39 runs (1x4s, 3x6s).
Besides, three months have passed since the opening of the MCH Hospital Jowai, but until now there is still a lock on the gate.
Shillong: The voters of Khasi-Jaintia Hills District (KHADC) on 27th June 2013 will vote for the election of their MDCs from 58 constituencies, 29 in KHADC and 29 in KHADC. JHADC: There are 7,95,143 voters in KHADC out of which 3,83,633 are males and 4,11,468 are females.
The Integrated Homicide Investigation Team (IHIT) of the RCMP is conducting a thorough investigation to find out the truth and those involved in the killing of the suspect, who is a resident of the village. owner of Canada.
The village has a narrow road which can be used only during the rainy season but it is difficult to pass during the rainy season.
Those who intend to participate in this experiment must be no more than 23 years old and not less than 16 years old.
Jowai, Lber 31: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) West Jaintia Zone on Saturday expelled seven foreigners from a petrol pump by-pass in Khleihtyrchi West. Jaintia Hills District.
Drinking a little alcohol regularly can help you sleep well at night but can make you lose sleep if you drink too much.
Replying to the issue of ILP, he said that about all 60 MLAs supported the resolution in the House and now it is up to the central government to take any action.
In the year 2020-21, it has been reported in the newspapers that there are hundreds of Hynniew-Trep households who have been farming for hundreds of years in Mizoram. Their houses and farms, the village headmen and the Mizoram government have refused to give pata or dulir ownership to these children of Hynniew-Trep. The Mizo people cannot own land in Mizoram”.
So when he came to the shop, he told his master.
Modi said the country should be vigilant against the disease and not be afraid.
Bhutan manager Kunzing said they are happy to be in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailur 14: U BJP MP in the Rajya Sabha Dr Chandan Mitra has advised the states of the North East to take measures to prevent the entry of mynder especially from abroad. Bangladesh.
In these three films, you have seen how many times he has been a slave.
The miaw said, “If you will let me and my wife stay in your house, and my wife will give birth in your bed, I will kill that rakot myself.
The school doesn't care even if its students get infected with the disease and become the spreaders of the disease to others in the district and even in the state as a whole.
However, if you try to implement it in the villages, it turns out to be a failure.
However, due to the lack of proper roads, many crops are lost.
Therefore, the Hon'ble High Court could not hear this case.
Up to 54 people have been killed in the protests.
Informing that the Central Government will send a letter on this issue in the next two days, the Chief Minister said, “We hope that many of our students who are still studying or have plans I don't want to study in private colleges or if I don't have financial assistance from the State Government.
Tura, July 2: Various political parties in Garo Hills have called for a 12 hour curfew on Tuesday and all shops, schools and government offices have been closed. in all five districts, except the office of the Deputy Commissioner, the source said.
According to the appointment order issued by the fraudster, their salary is 30,000 tyngka per month.
“Due to the negligence of the District Council of Namdong Village and allowing private individuals to quarry stone and cultivate synsar in this forest, the Dorbar Shnong has summoned the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC. Jowai to explain to the residents on 08 th July –
“We are still waiting for a statement from the HNLC, as the top leaders of the HNLC have not yet come to take part in the peace talks.
“We have seen in the past that many leaders of the rebel groups have returned to the community and the government has forgiven their cases, helped them financially to stand on their own feet. Jong kjat and welcomed them.
Shillong, June 01: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Amlarem Unit has called on the supporters of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to join hands with their friends not to have any party differences but to give their full support to the Regional candidate. The RDA will win the Lok Sabha elections on 19th June.
Iewduh is the first Khasi film to be released in other states of India. It will be released in 11 states besides Meghalaya. also in Delhi, Mumbai, Pune, Bangalore, Kolkata, Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, and Manipur, Chandigarh, Goa.
The Supreme Court, led by Chief Justice DY Chandrachud, taking the case as one of the incidents that has affected the human rights of many, has decided to discuss the issue of preparations to provide relief facilities for these Manipur residents who have had to leave their homes to stay in the security forces' camps.
Another was the province, in the first century the Roman Empire and the Caesars ruled over Palestine.
Only three months later, Priyanka Chopra and Nick Jonas' marriage is in turmoil these days.
He said that as the party leaders, they are happy to see that the people have won the election for their candidate and that it has surpassed other parties.
The High Court said that from the documents and evidence, it does not appear that there has been any wrongdoing against the police chief or that he has been wronged by other persons.
She said that the leaders of the newly formed party had planned to appeal to the KHADC for a long time but their silence was because they knew it would not happen in three years. Pynshngain N Syiem, brother of Pa'iem Kynsai, is the CEM. To welcome the youth from different parishes who came to take part in the 36th CYL Youth Convention at Mawlai Parish on the 7th of this month. month from the Holy Mass at 10:00 pm, the parking arrangement will be from Sacred Heart Convent and Sacred Heart Theological College for Fathers and Sisters and those who have received Car Pass, from For those who come by small vehicles, they will park at Savio Junior School, Mawlai and for those who come by bus, they will park along Phudmuri Road from Madanheh to Lum Jingthangbriew.
“I hope that the fight will be better this time because we have reached an understanding and cooperation,” said Jambor.
“Our house is no longer suitable for living, because the ground has collapsed and entered the house and the rooms have been destroyed, but we have not received any assistance,” said one of the women.
“We urge the people not to be afraid or discouraged because as the youth of Bri u Hynniewtrep we want peace and stability in the state and we don't want any violence in the community and we understand “We urge the residents of the state to keep their shops open tomorrow,” said the President of HITO. and I urge them to join hands,” said Bah Dkhar.
By doing this, not only will the village be clean from the garbage from the village, but it will also make the village soil a very fertile place.
Therefore, the JYF congratulates this young man for his success in this struggle for the post of Leader of the JHADC Legislative Assembly so that he can continue to serve. which is more information for the Constituency and the region as a whole.
The Shad Sukra is a traditional dance of the Pnars and in Umladkhur village such a festival used to be held but has been cancelled.
Alcohol is one of the most common intoxicating substances that have been used by humans since the earliest times.
On the other hand, TMC candidate Macmillan Kharbani said, “All the parties in the MDA government including the HSPDP, UDP, PDF, NPP and others are under the umbrella of the BJP government. through NEDA.The people have voted for this government.
In another incident, on the night of the 20th, Bah Warjri, 36, resident of Upper New Nongstoin (WKH) lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin PS that Rosli Kharmaw of Klangrin village had robbed him. They stole T.60,000 tyngka along with three trucks of kubit wood which Bah Warjri had stored at Tlon.
It also improves the status of Principals and the performance of Colleges.
“I want the youth of Kynshi Pyllun area not to end up in this field but one day to rise to the State Level, National and International Level. rest but work hard to achieve your goals.
This was confirmed by the KSU Raid Langpih Area Unit, in a statement sent by Samla Jylliewsing Marwein, who said that the KSU Raid Langpih Area Unit has found that there are about 200 households. Nepali Khar who have settled in new villages including Umtap, Mawsikar, Umwali, Umwahsiang, Umsoram, Mawbynna, Umlon, Umwahshar, Umlon, Makoibari and others.
The JYF said that the employees of JHADC have had to take action by sitting in a hut to protest against this unfair behavior of the state government. It is sad to see that the government has not been able to take measures to address this problem so far.
"Bah Iangrai, former Assistant Inspector General (AIG) of Meghalaya Police, was arrested on 2nd November 2022 in connection with two cases of NERS and dry ration supply, and subsequently, according to the investigation report, four other complaints were filed against him, one of which was on the purchase and use of police vehicles.
The discovery of the coal was revealed in the 18th report of Justice BP Katakey (Retired).
Shillong: There have been 450 new cases of coronavirus in the state today.
Mordecai Shullai (d.).
Deisy turned back to the topic with Riia.
It is learned that the union from time to time, wants to meet with Malik, but he refuses to meet with the union, until the union comes down to close down the road. where I learn Judo.
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Monday demanded that the state government should immediately relocate the PWD North Division Jowai to Shangpung village and threatened to stage a mass protest if the office is not relocated.
We will get an administrative complex, which will be a mini secretariat in Tura.
Furthermore, the Ministry of Heavy Industries & Public Enterprises through a letter No. DPE-GM-/0001/2016-GM-FTS-5921 dated 17.10.2016 in point 2.3 on the same issue that the share of ST/SC, are classified according to their paid status in the States or Union Territories.
Not sure how, what to do? The stones of Lum are covered with shaba and you want them.
Meghalaya is one of the states in the North Eastern Region of India which the Creator has blessed and blessed in many ways whether it is in the fertility of the soil, the abundance of heritage. in the past or in the beauty of the Mother Nature which has attracted and attracted many foreigners to come just to visit our State.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, EM of KHADC, Bah J.Tynsong, said that the second phase has already been implemented from the 7th of this month, while the cost of construction is still T. lakh has been allocated for the cleansing of Wahumkhrah.
He said that recently, 222 youths have applied for the post of Nursing Officer and out of these, 201 are males and 21 are females but only 14 from Meghalaya have been employed.
Johan scored 73 runs and Valpuia scored 68 runs. Mizoram scored 68 runs.
The Governor did not promise them anything but said he would look into the explanations of the PDF and take the necessary action.
“It has been confirmed that this letter, which is only a draft, has not been sent to the person named,” she said.
“When both the states (Meghalaya and Assam) were under the rule of the Congress, they did not take any action,” Saleng told reporters.
The JSM has urged the public to follow the COVID-19 testing rules and regulations of the government to curb the spread of COVID-1
To avoid the destruction of tens of thousands of drug users, the government as mentioned above should take a firm decision whether to eliminate or allow this practice with the rules to be enforced. not only to the cooks or producers but to the drinkers as well.
The owners of the shop immediately lodged a complaint at Sadar Police Station.
Dr. Lana Lyngdoh, Nodal Officer, Meghalaya's State Tobacco Control Cell, said that the response of the people to the public awareness campaign on tobacco consumption shows that the residents have started to understand. that eating and smoking is bad and seriously affects the health of the population.
Datlawakor was a football match between two teams, Sangot Paswet and Langdoh.
Whether this incident shows that there is no misunderstanding in the MDA, the Prime Minister replied, “Only one person stands and acts during the speech of the Lamphang and as I said the time, place and presence of foreigners It is not pleasant to happen such an incident and it is not the place to express such behavior. “We are a coalition government but we are united and there is no difference of opinion”.
In the first leg of the tournament, Mawlai Phudmuri beat Mount Carmel SS 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
Speaking to reporters, Ma Pyrwa Lymba said that as the new Dolloi of Darrang Elaka, his first duty is to convene the Elaka Dorbar.
In this incident, one person was reportedly killed after the plane crashed into the roof of a house in Newberg, USA.
Other speakers were Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA and Fernandez S. Dkhar, General Secretary, PYC. by an indefinite strike, as a sign of their protest, to release their salary for up to five months; On the other hand, the Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the state government is in talks with the management to release the salaries of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) teachers soon.
In a statement, Additional Chief Secretary in charge of Urban Affairs Prashant Naik said that the construction of the Polo Market is scheduled to start after the design of the market has been approved.
At the same time, he urged that to achieve changes in many areas whether it is in the economy and how to bring about a new life, it is necessary to work together, love and work hard to achieve the struggle to the goal of victory.
“The Christian Seventh-day Advestists celebrate the holy day on Saturday and the Muslims on Friday.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Joint Action Committee of the Khasi Jaintia Land Owners and Quarries Association (KLAA) will hold a meeting on the 3rd of June.
While they were at the station, someone stood next to them and asked, “Are you going to town?” “Yes,” they replied. you.
In Group-D, Kerala, Haryana, Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat are in the group.
Therefore, “Do not be unbelieving, but believing” John 20:2
The court has issued a circular to all the States including Meghalaya, not to exceed 50%.
In the middle of the war against Israel, the Gibeonites made a covenant of peace with the Israelites and surrendered to Joshua.
Police rushed to the scene to conduct investigation.
Bernard should not have made such unfounded allegations just because the police raided his house, he should have waited for the investigation to complete.
Shillong, July 14: NEHU has released the results of BSc.
“He also urged the people of the state, various political parties and the nation as a whole to come forward with the spirit of working together to extend a helping hand to the leaders in the struggle to resolve the issue. The border between Meghalaya and Assam.
Joel 3:2.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Shella Sports, Cultural and Social Welfare Association (SHWA) on Tuesday decided to open 22 border markets in the state. They have sent a letter to the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma to include the border market in Shella as one of the 22 border markets which the government has planned to open.
This government's attitude will cause harm to our fellow citizens because it doesn't think about the future of the youth but it thinks only about its own interests.
On the other hand, the youths who contested in the opposition said how the 6th Amendment protects or still has any relationship with the state because it cannot protect from foreigners, the trade is not limited to foreigners, the trade license is not available. Many foreigners have been killed while the Khasi have become like those who sell kwai, the land has been managed by foreigners.
Shillong, July 15: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District has issued a notice to the owners of fish farms from time to time in their ponds. The order that no competition will be held unless the competitors have obtained permission from the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
However, we who have this opportunity, sometimes forget the value of democracy.
Tynsong said the NPP will announce the names of the candidates for the Shillong and Tura parliamentary seats this month.
Shillong, Jymmang 29: The Deputy Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has been elected tomorrow. Sohra Constituency.
Shillong: On the night of 19th June, 2020, there was a heavy cold weather in Sohra area which lasted until 12 pm on 20th June
Daowan Passah scored 41 runs, Ribok Hynniewta scored 39 runs and Heimonlang Lyngdoh scored 34 runs.
It may be recalled that five brothers from Lawsohtun fell ill and died on the 6th of November immediately after eating Yummy prepared by their mother.
Ian Campbell EDGE10, who is also an experienced trainer in this field, gave a training session on the occasion, in the presence of the famous Danish footballer who led the Manchester United's Jesper Olsen has not taken part in the tournament on behalf of Future Football.
CSWO, TUR, KSU, HNYF, KWADA, FKJGP together with the residents of about 20 villages in the area have demanded that the government should stop the land grabbing. up to 2000 acres of raid land for the construction of the New Shillong.
The public is requested to complain to the Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District or phone the Toll Free No. .1697, or to the District Grievances Officer of East Jaintia Hills District.
Finally, adequate research and providing an opinion on the integration between multiple enforcement regulations is essential to ensure its initiation.
However, the people who were drinking inside the shop who recognized the face of the robber immediately informed the villagers and it was at this moment that the residents of Shangpung village rushed out. The villagers have fled to the forest area on the border of Muthlong and Shangpung villages, West Jaintia Hills District.
The Lamphang Dorbar said that many places have been damaged by the floods in the past few days and there are also roads that have been damaged in the past few days. I will come.
Shillong: “The Rangbah Shnong, the Sordar, the Minister, the Syiem, the MDCs, the MLAs, the CEM, the CM. “It's a great opportunity for thousands of children to participate in the Dorbar,” said Samla Melajied Khongbuh, General Secretary KSU Nongtyngur Unit.
Dr Das said that the DC of Nongstoin has informed the Census Department that the Nongstoin C&RD has met all the requirements to start the implementation of the Aadhar number.
“If we do that, we can provide employment opportunities for 1200 to 1400 youth at a salary of T .10,000/- per month”.
“Today's meeting is only for the issue of the party, because my duty is only to look after the party and we have to sit together and resolve this issue,” he said. it is not an easy task for us and this has to be worked on".
Sacred Heart Football Academy beat Them Rangskhen ACC 3-0 in a walkover after Them Rangskhen failed to come out to play on Saturday. The Under-10 (Boys) Football League 2023 was organized by the Shillong Sports Association at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
He said that many of the traditional customs and cultures have been lost due to the imitation of others. He said that there are about 700 ethnic groups in India recognized by the Government of India. According to Article 342 of the Constitution of India, there are no less than 52 tribes in Meghalaya alone but among them some have disappeared. Many of the young people are reluctant to speak their own language, respect their customs and traditions and like to follow those of others and this is very important if we want the nation to survive.
On the same day, Bah Pala also inaugurated the Kailash Mancha Auditorium and the Mandir inside the grounds of the school.
Meghalaya opened the scoring in the 68th minute but were denied.
He said that Sohra still needs a lot of development works from roads, paths, drinking water supply and others.
It was also said that it is difficult to go to the rescue and rescue of those who have fled and stayed in remote areas.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan on 20th October congratulated the new members of the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya on the first day of the session of the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, the DC promised to take action and do so as soon as possible so that no incident will happen.
Police have seized the drugs and arrested three persons identified as Philosophar Thabah, Banlumlang Nongsiej and Aronsteward Kharkongor. The three persons have completed all the requirements according to the law and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
On the body of the device is the inscription, Weathex WXR-301D and the name of the government Indiq, Shillong, which may be a wireless weather sensor.
According to the youths, the truck was on its way to Guwahati, but when they reached the truck, they tried to throw all the garbage into the truck. Forest.
These are the waste after uranium mining.
Kew and barley are recently introduced crops in Khasi-Jaintia.
On the part of the leaders, Bah Donald Nongsiang, President and Secretary, Bah Wallambok Ïawphniaw, expressed their special congratulations to this first youth from this district who has received this title.
Jowai: U MDC of Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency, Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, has said that the vehicles of the Jowai Municipal Board have been driven away by the residents of Mynkjai, Lamyrsiang and now the residents of Nartiang area. He urged the employees of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) from the Chairman and others to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the government to avoid any problems and to protect the people. environment and especially the health of the general public.
He said that this is the last time that they will urge the people of Lum Garo to stand together to show that they are united by not going to take part in the polling day. The MDC said that the political parties have assured themselves that they will not turn against each other in their protest.
Speaking to media, Prof.DK Nayak said that the festival was organized to strengthen the relationship between the students of Meghalaya and the North East. and other young people from outside India, especially from Asia.
A scripture from the Bible was also quoted, which says, “If God does not build the city, those who build it are in vain”.
Another memorable day in the history of Khasi writing is the 22nd July 1841, when Sir Thomas Jones and his mother, Mrs. Jones, arrived at Sohra.
The minister admitted that the Assam government has received electronic evidence that they are PFI members who are former Congress leaders.
Today is also the birthday of the Governor.
This expenditure of Rs 21,034 crore does not include the repayment of Rs 988 crore during the year.
Thus, we live in this age where knowledge has increased dramatically from one time to another, many of us can no longer understand the knowledge like this. you are now.
However, he said it was fortunate that the security forces were able to shoot down the drones and at present, there is no threat to Putin or the area.
Shillong, November 06 : The BJP Shillong South in collaboration with the MCIC has distributed 658 awards to all day labourers, domestic workers, Saturday workers, ASHAs, Anganwadis and many others at the awarding ceremony. at the State Central Library Shillong.
The 50-year-old doctor, who was undergoing treatment at his home, died of respiratory failure.
Shillong: The residents of Malki village and the family members of Bah Harpish Nongbri have expressed their anger and gathered at the gate of the Civil Hospital, today, after seeing the police bringing the killers. Harpish Nongbri at the Civil Hospital for medical examination, until the police did not dare to take them outside to take them to the police station. hospital.
“We will create mechanisms to facilitate the work between the two districts and as these areas fall under the Sixth Schedule we will create mechanisms to involve the councils to improve the relationship between the residents on the border.
“It is very sad to see that young people are joining these armed groups, but the government will take the necessary steps to ensure that that such incidents will not happen again in the future," the prime minister told reporters on Tuesday.
Lajong, on the other hand, have not lost but at the same time have not received the same result as they have lost in both the last two matches.
All the matches including the quarter final will be played at the Indira Gandhi Athletic Stadium, Guwahati and the final will be held in Kolkata on 3rd November
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Director of NEIGHRIMS, KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah said that the KSU has received a complaint from the students who have applied for jobs at the hospital. The examinations will be held in Jorhat, Guwahati and New Delhi.
"“Such tournaments are organized for the players to get a platform, to chase their goal to become good.
For example, almost all of us have learned about the dispute between the Raid and the Hima of Langpih, the dispute between Barato and Maitdeiñ, the border dispute between Sutnga and Nongkhlieh which has lasted for dozens of years. for thousands of years without being able to make peace.
According to the BJP spokesperson, the government has not brought any progress while the government has been trying to increase the income of its MLAs by allowing them to participate. in the Government and the rank of Parliamentary Secretary.
The Seng will not stop demanding the closure of Abhi Coke Pvt Ltd, said the statement.
“If that is the case, we urge the Government to set days that do not affect Christianity,” said Eleazer C Dkhar, President UDP of 4-Mowkaiaw Constituency.
The others are Vinay Makwana, 32, of Ahmedabad, Gujarat; Ghachi Alfarz, 28, of Mehsana, Gujarat; Kesang Tamang, 20, of Jalpaiguri in West Bengal; Rahul Sarsar, 29, of Matunga in Mumbai; Tanmoy Dasgupta, 20, of Dimapur in Nagaland and Rehan Shaikh, 27, of Mumbai.
Manthan Dey scored 61 runs from 22 balls while Prantik Dey scored 19 runs from 13 balls.
He said that Bah Jyndiang as a former MLA had promised to join the party and bring 5,000 supporters.
However, on the other hand, she said that there are still many people who have contributed to the party including foreigners and locals.
Because at present many farmers in this area are still using fertilizers like UREA, DAP, MOP and others which is a health hazard and also destroys the strength of the soil.
On the other hand, Defense Minister Rajnath Singh has promised to take action.
“When we went to Sadar Police Station, we informed our relatives that the police department has appointed Dy.Support of Police (SP) Subir Sangma in place of Bah Jeff Suting. Jeff Suting has been appointed as the Investigating Officer (IO) to conduct the investigation.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Tuesday requested the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh to ensure that all central government offices implement the 44% allocation. Scheduled Tribes in the State.
She said that the language is the date of the nation because once the language is alive, the nation is alive.
He said that in the past few months, the police have registered 82 cases of incidents across the state, but out of these 82 cases, case There is no other case in Pynursla.
Jowai, July 15: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has expressed its regret and protest against the M/s Dhar Construction Company and the office of the Executive Engineer PWD (RDS) Jowai for allowing the construction of the Myntdu River. The Conpanyr which has constructed the Dawki Amlarem Jowai road and has drained the soil from the Myntdu River while it is satisfied especially in the areas called Damser in the Myntdu River.
It is only a Civil Suit that can be filed.
Challengers FC scored the first goal but MLFC scored the equalizer after a while.
Ransom Sutnga, NPP candidate for the 2023 MLA election from North Shillong Constituency, was the chief guest in the presence of NPP State President Dap War and others.
The HNLC has clarified that while the social peace process is ongoing, those who wish to support the party can send their donations, said a statement from Saińkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity. secretary(HNLC).
The drugs were smuggled into India from Myanmar across the Indo-Myanmar border before being transported to other places.
There are 15 schools participating in the tournament.
He said that this request came because in many cases, teachers have had to take to the streets to demand their salary.
Looking at the condition of the road in Shillong, it can be said that it is no different from the condition of the Bramaputra River.
Nongpoh: About 2000 siej trees planted by the Ri-Bhoi Tourism and Environmental Development Forum (RBTEDF) in a forest at Umskun village in Ri-Bhoi district have collapsed. for there were enemies who had come to burn down the forest.
The HRCP has demanded that the Sindh Home Ministry should investigate, take responsibility and prosecute all those involved in the incident. the ethnic discrimination of these groups.
Uttarakhand scored 491/4 runs, beating Meghalaya by 180 runs.
Your friend told you that you don't have faith.
Bah Mawrie said that in Meghalaya, everyone eats meat and he too eats meat without any restrictions.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the youth are the greatest asset of the state and the government has a firm commitment to ensure that the youth are the greatest asset of the state. the future ahead of their lives.
The Deputy Commissioner and officers who attended the meeting expressed their satisfaction with the program and agreed to work hard to make the Viskit Bharat Sankalp Yatra a successful programme. for the benefit of the residents of West Khasi Hills District as a whole.
Jowai, Nailar 04 : The Quarter Final of the 5th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy 2022 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today at Kiang Nang Stadium.
Why they try to avoid going to this market is the answer you readers know better than I the writer.
"Whoever is determined doesn't have to sit still, For the joy of the soul is victory.
"“It is not only Dr. Mukul who speaks for the people, but it is the duty of those in political parties whether they are inside the Government or not. .
Explaining the condition of the body, a police source said that the man, who had a blue skin, was 5 feet 9 inches tall, and was believed to have had a body. The 50-year-old was wearing a blue jacket, gray long pants, a blue t-shirt, blue underwear and a brown panpoh.
Here you will find some of the benefits of rice: Strengthens the body : Rice is a type of food that strengthens and lasts longer in the body.
Loving sister….
The police force itself is cooperative with the public in many such cases.
Completion is scheduled for July 30, 2024.
the Dolloi of other districts.
She said that the Slaughter House has an Effluent Treatment Plant to treat the waste from the slaughterhouse. The water is also cleaned before being released into the fish pond in the area of ​​the shop and the remaining water is released into the well dug to enter the water.
“All the allegations against the State Government are baseless.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on July 26, said that the authorities have decided to ban the purchase of fish from abroad for the safety of the residents.
He said that according to the central government's estimates, there are Rs 15.43 lakh crore deposited after the removal of Rs 1000 and Rs
“If this is the case for government ministers and MLAs, how much more so for the people and therefore it is impossible to conduct the examinations, to send people to the examination centres,” he said. more.
One of the residents of the village, Bah Thrip Mynsong, said that the actions of the former Rangbah Shnong have left them in the dark to know that the government has released money to them while the government has released money to them. They have not received the money yet.
HDR said the government has received a question from the Governor Dr KK Paul on the bill to divide the constituencies of KHADC and JHADC. preparation for constituency division.
On the issue of increasing the retirement age from 60 to 62 years, the Minister promised to the FMGE&W leaders that this issue will be decided at a meeting to be held with Leaders of FMGE&W, Finance Department, Youth Organizations and other NGOs.
The four organizations held a Mombati rally at Mot Kiang Nangbah to mourn the shooting death of five people in Mukroh and as part of the condemnation of the shooting death of five people by the Assam police. to the Khasi in this place.
He said that the opportunity to implement this scheme will not happen because there is a Third Party Inspection according to the rules of the Ministry of Shakti.
We cannot investigate the arrested person because we have just arrested him,” said Bah Vivek.
Fortunately, no one was injured in the incident, although the residents of the area demanded that the police did not take action against them. They were immediately taken to the police station, said the witnesses.
“But we must understand that as leaders, we must have a foundation when we join the party.
The Chief Minister's Special Vigilance Cell has conducted an investigation and found that he owns 89 land plots in his name and in the names of his two wives. The value of these land has reached more than T.100klur.
He said that the information collected is not enough to monitor this issue.
The revival of the Shad Suk Mynsiem was attended by young men and women from all over the Bri Hynniewtrep.
He said the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is not a tool to prevent the entry of foreigners into the state especially the workers.
Tura, November 05 : The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) in collaboration with TechEagle has launched the first drone station to distribute medicines to the people of Jengjal Sub. Divsional Hospital.
In the men's category, Darisha Ïangjuh came third in the amateur runner category while in the 25-30 category, she came first.
The company's Chennai office has announced a 16-day closure, which will include three days in Hosur (Tamil Nadu), 10 days in Alwar (Rajasthan) and Bhandara (Maharashtra). 18 days in Pantnagar (Uttarakhand).
However, the Seng Khasi in those years came into being to stir up the Khasi people, because of the influence of the French thought to destroy the Khasi culture.
New Delhi, June 02 : Union Defense Minister Rajnath Singh on Saturday said that security and peace in the country is the top priority of the government. foundation makes every effort to protect and maintain unity and harmony.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The BJP Meghalaya on Saturday honored Silbi Passah, who has been nominated for the Padmashree Award from the President of India, Droupadi Murmu. Alexander Laloo Hek who recently received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in New Delhi.
He said that he is no longer a foreigner in Nongstoin and he comes from the family of the chiefs and nobles of Nongstoin. He also admitted that he is the grandson of Syiem Nian and the grandson of Paiem Wikliffe, so that like his descendants who were the famous chiefs of Nongstoin, he too would follow and preserve the mati which his ancestors had started.
When asked how many new licenses have been issued in Iewduh, the EM said that no new licenses have been issued to foreigners in Iewduh.
After the incident, the woman and the seized drugs were handed over to the Moreh Police Station for further investigation.
From East Khasi Hills, it has taken Mawsynram, Shella, Pynursla, Nongthymmai, East Shillong, West Shillong and Mawlai.
The Police Department has set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT) to investigate these cases and has strengthened security around schools due to the threat of “Bright Future”.
Mihthyme Sumer (48), Nangtei Shylla (57), Rioo Lyngdoh (59) and Niawkor Sari (64) scored the four goals for Mukhla Umlangshor.
A.Shabong.
JOWAI: The MDC elections 2019 for the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) have been more successful compared to the previous MDC elections in 2014 and previous years. Iawmusiang was packed with supporters of various candidates.
everything is great.
Earlier, Gracemary Kharpuri MDC Nongshken had left the party and now Pyniaid Sing Syiem has been expelled.
Speaking to reporters in Sohra, Bah KW Nongrum said that the sale of Challans by the Khasi to foreigners has led to the foreigners to smuggle the trade in Ichamati. Majai and other neighboring villages.
During the meeting, there were also retired Deficit School teachers who came from Garo Hills to convey their demand to the Prime Minister.
There are 1,494 confirmed cases and 1,408 deaths.
The SSSS has sent a message against Tagatha Roy and demanded that she should no longer stay in the middle of the city which is the land of the Hynniewtrep Hynniewtrep Skum.
For this reason, they had to endure the cold and get up early in the morning to reach Nongjrong.
Shillong, Lber 10 : The NPP Mookaiaw Constituency, West Jaintia Hills has decided to work hard as much as possible to ensure the victory of the party candidate Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections. of Shillong Parliamentary constituency.
Besides being beautiful to look at and walk around, these places are also clean.
FKJGP members handed over the suspect to the Sadar Police Station and after a while the Anti-Narcotic Task Force East Khasi Hills arrived. Hills to search for a drug dealer.
Shillong: Two trucks were set on fire near the Food Corporation of India (FCI) headquarters in Mawlai this morning.
After the inspection, the MEC members were honored at the Community Hall of Sabahmuswang Village, WJHD. They were accompanied by the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Bah BS Sohliya, District School Education. Officer, Jowai, Kong AP Syiemm and Officer of PWD (Building).
Hamlet Dohling said that there are 297 shops and the shops will have a ground floor and within 1 floor will be used for the sale of Doh, Dohkha, sha shops. , jhur and others and the shops above the 1st floor, will be used for the sale of clothes, juti, books and others.
U Bah HO Mawrie, one of the famous writers of Khasi Hills who has also written about the relationship between man and nature in the book Khasi thought, said: I have found a thousand kinds of medicines in the sky.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The residents of Chimasora and Gillagora villages in South West Khasi Hills District have wanted to know why the police of Borsora out post have disappeared. They have not yet submitted their report to the Water Supply Department of the State Government.
Mawkyrwat, March 29: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District (KSU) has declared Anti Uranium Day on the occasion of the death anniversary of Meiieid Spelty Lyngdoh Langrin. 45 crore has been allocated to Uranium Corporation of India Limited (UCIL).
It is not easy for the courts to convict, nor is it easy for the officers to arrest anyone without proper verification.
It is until 2023 that before the end of the year, the leaders of MGPSTA Nongstoiñ Unit through the leaders have remembered to pay special tribute to the retired teachers.
After Rida had finished all the work, she came with her hands and feet together with Panah.
The MSEC shall be headed by a Chairperson, 2 Advisors and a Member Secretary.
At least 32 Muslims have been killed by suspected NDFB (S) Bodo militants in Baksa and Krokajhar areas of Assam.
The General Meeting of the War Jaintia Progressive Farmers Association (WJPFA) sponsored by the Society for Urban Rural Empowerment (SURE) will be held on
This has been going on for many years in our state in all three elections – MP, MLA and MDC. election until completion.
However, it is still the same bus, and as it appears now, this bus will run until the end of five years, that is, until October
Police have arrested two persons in the vehicle and after thorough investigation they have revealed that these items were brought from Sookilo and under the leadership of the police they went down to Sokilo and from another. 1275 kilograms of explosives including 10,200 bakhor and 5000 Tikli besides five song fuse wires were seized from the site.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Headmistress of the school, Darilin Kharumnuid, said that at the time of the incident, the whole school was shocked. She said that the students of Class IX had left the house at 12 o'clock.
When asked when the Hima Mylliem has invited him to attend the meeting, Hadrian said that they are still inviting him. the day of judgment is still in the morning.
Shillong, Nailar 2: Contractors in the state under the banner of the All Meghalaya Suppliers and Contractors Association (AMS&CA) have said that the package that the state government has put in place for the implementation of the works allocated from the Asian Development Fund The Bank of India (ADB) has banned the import of tractors from the state because they are too heavy and in trouble.
Accountant General (A&E) Meghalaya, please contact us via email (agaemeghalaya@cag.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh, praised the village of Wapung and said that this village has produced brave men, that is, when it comes to the life and death of the area. At the same time, as the leader, he explained to the new office bearers and members of the circle on the principles and rules of procedure of the circle. good work to serve the country and the nation.
Through the discussions, they also discussed the findings and evidence regarding the measures to further improve the skills of children, the responsibility of the community to to participate in training according to customs and traditions, and to provide training through games as found appropriate for these activities according to research.
“We are working hard to remove this negative attitude against the BJP,” said Bah Hek.
NEHUTA also said that the VC does not allow teachers to hold meetings or for students to celebrate religious festivals like Christmas and others.
In the Under-14 Boys category, Jowai Govt.
Defending the department, Prestone said the Government has given a free hand to the Police to deal with all these crimes whether it is crime or peace or security. The State added that the Government does not interfere with the work of the Police.
“This also shows that the political situation in the state has improved and the BJP will take this decision.
Those who work in jobs that put them at risk need supervision.
On November 29, 2022, the media visited Mawkyrdang village in Mawthadraishan constituency to witness the opening of a small footbridge across a river donated by a man. Mr. Stansing and Mrs. Nongbet.
I hope that if we stand with one voice, the government will not be able to delay anymore because it has been announced and buried by the Speaker, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on the 2nd March, 2021 through Sohra and Mairang will get a full district.
This demand came from BJP Leader and Advisor to the Chief Minister, Bah Alexander Hek Laloo who said that Government Departments should take responsibility for their employees.
To investigate, police searched his residence and found that it was not a real gun.
“The High Court of Meghalaya, on the 3rd of this month, has ruled that it is the duty of the government and the decision of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly to set the year part of the implementation of the Roster System.
In the singles, Affica Hegracia Susngi and Phermiki Salahe won gold medals in the recurve and compound respectively.
When contacted by the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, Giri Prasad, he said that the truck will be towed today and the police will investigate. The truck was arrested under the provisions of the Act on charges of smuggling coal.
Shillong, November 4: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) has announced that as part of the celebration of the 23rd death anniversary of Bah Bull N. Lyngdoh, The former President of the KSU, will hold various programs on the 7th November 2017 which is the death anniversary of this hero of the Jaidbynriew.
JOWAI: As part of the celebration of the 75th anniversary of The Shillong Times, the 'Clean up Shillong campaign' has been launched to clean up parts of the Umkhrah River.
The Minister of Urban Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that there will be up to 100 cities selected by the government to become Smart Cities according to the number of residents and cities in the state. to the city of Shillong.
The child went missing on the 17th and her body was found on the 18th step near Hali village, about 50-52 KM from Jowai.
In another incident, the BSF seized 2 kilograms of heroin from a Pakistani drone in the area under the jurisdiction of the Joint Check. Post (JCP) Attorney.
The Church and the believers cannot physically avoid what is happening around them and have a duty to think and question according to the principles and traditional teachings that the Church teaches them.
Jowai: After the release of 20 persons from prostitution, four more persons yesterday came to the police for help from the police and now there are 24 persons who have been arrested. Meanwhile, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Bah Lakador Syiem, said that a special team has been appointed to investigate the incident. “We have appointed a Special Investigation Team to investigate thoroughly and this will be headed by Dy.SP (Hq) Bah Macjoel Marngar, two DSPs along with the The OC is the Circle Inspector and the OC is the Women Police,” said Syiem.
Misc/Case/No.17 of 2015 says the same.
The union urged the Government to expedite the relief for their needs and to provide adequate treatment to those injured.
The Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji road was not an issue but a question raised by the Congress MDC from Mawphlang constituency, Bah Lamphrang Blah in the House. you have a long story.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Banri said that according to the information, the MLA has misused the scheme for his own benefit.
Telangana Chief Minister and Bharat Rashtra Samithi (BRS) Chief K Chandrashekhar Rao has announced a compensation of T.10,000 per acre for the deposit into the accounts of farmers on the damage to crops, said a statement sent by officials.
Bindo was defeated by Congress candidate Ampareen Lyngdoh by more than 5,000 votes.
Shillong, Nailar 06 : As part of the Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyan, a program launched by the Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment of the Union Government, The National Service Scheme Cell, NEHU has organized a one day program on “Menace of Substance Abuse” on 04th July, 2022 at Multi-Use Convention Hall, NEHU. Speech by Dr. Virendra Kumar, Minister of Social Justice and Empowerment, Union Government through video conferencing, in the presence of Sonal V. Misra, IPS, Inspector General, North Eastern Sector, Central Reserve Police. Force, Shillong as the chief guest and Supriya Das, IPS, SP (CID), Shillong as the special guest.
The house of Bah Michael Dkhar is located in Lad Sutnga. Rupang received information from the police immediately after the incident.
Therefore, even what has been announced now cannot be said to be from the party as a whole.
New Delhi: The Transport Department of the Government of India has sought information from the states of Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh, West Bengal, Bihar, Kerala, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Rajasthan and Chhattisgarh on the existence of lump gates. one of the keys.
The full implementation and initiation of the schemes is up to the Field Officers.
Young people also marry when they are old enough.
There is also a newspaper about this.
The two arrested persons have already been sent to court and so far the police have intensified their search operation against GNLA members in the Shallang area, said Bah Nongtnger.
Like Lyngdohsad Dominic Jala, since he was with us on this earth, he has always done well to take care and protect the environment, especially in the past few years.
The inspection was led by the President of FKJGP, Bah Lui Star Lyngdoh, Senior Vice President, Bah Lumlang Mawnai, members from the District and FKJGP. that Circle.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the state government has decided to repair the Shillong-Dawki roads at the review meeting.
There are two Soskulars signed between the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and the Municipal.
Also present on the occasion were Sampat Kumar, IAS, Principal Secretary, Program Implementation and Evaluation Department, State Government and Ian Campbell, Olympian who represented Australia in the 1980 Olympics.
This is after he brought a placard to the ground floor of the house of Sohiong MLA, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh in Sohiong to force him to say something on the issue of employment. within the state.
Many street houses have collapsed and some of the most prominent places that have collapsed include the Ima Keithel No.1 & 2 market. Minuthong Bridge, the collapse of the ground floor of the BSNL office near the former Secretariat, the collapse of the Yairipok Bazar building at Thoubal College, Thoubal Wangma Taba Manishang Primary School and others including at the office of the Manipur Press Club.
On the other hand, Bah Titos alleged that the Chairman of KHADC has not followed the rules and regulations but has proceeded with the no-confidence motion without taking the position of others. tasks that have already been set for the day.
And Dr. Garod said that only one brut should be used for 3 months.
These trucks carrying rnga do not travel on the highway during the day, but after loading the rnga they stand by the road until dark and in the evening, they travel to Byrnihat to drop off the rnga. rnga in the factories of the country.
Other speakers included Bah Streamly Suchen and others. The meeting was conducted by Bah Ampli Rupsi, Secretary Bataw Village.
In the Gazetteer of Bengal and NE India 1905, BC Allen ICS wrote that the Khasi are a people who differ greatly from other neighboring peoples in many ways. '.
According to the CEM, the Council will bring in a special fund and they will arrange for it at the next EC.
“I have already explained those comments to me, but if they continue to be the same, I don't say anything else. Let the people of Shillong North judge and give a decision. “Be wise and don't be misled by those who take advantage of the situation,” he said.
They did this so that I would not be able to challenge the coal smuggling on November 27, 2022 with the Challan of Reddy Sutnga,” said Bah Rymbai.
The statistical data of the result was reviewed by Brahmachari Vairagyachaitanya, Director (Academics) of Ramakrishna Mission Vivekananda Cultural Centre. you have received your certificate.
Robert is a former Congress MLA who was expelled from the party for his courage to speak out against the AICC leaders. .
St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong is pleased to announce that once again this school has appeared in the HSSLC-Arts examination after the MBOSE. ) announced the news on Thursday.
Shillong, Lber 31: The appointment of a new office bearer for the Block Congress in Umroi, has shocked the MDC of Umroi and also the President of Ri Bhoi District.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi led by its President Samla Edmund Khongngai today met with the Branch Manager of State Bank Pynursla Surajit Deori at his office in Pynursla today.
There shall be no more destruction nor evil in Zion, my holy mountain;
“On the other hand, the government will now take care of those who are admitted to hospitals and those admitted to ICUs. “The villages should take care of themselves,” said the Prime Minister.
“The Prime Minister has called for talks with the insurgents from Garo Hills and Khasi Hills to come to a straight path, but at the same time he has issued an order to intensify the crackdown on insurgents in Garo Hills and start the operation. “The talks are only with the HNLC,” said Marak and asked, “Why is the government biased?”
The final decision is hoped that by January 2020 we will receive a clear answer whether we will be able to enjoy ourselves as we have expected from time to time.
Mylliem MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh has already sent his nomination papers to the party to apply for ticket.
He said that for Garo Hills, they rely on the leaders of the region to do what is necessary.
He said that the increase in the price of food items is due to the implementation of the GST and this has increased the price of food items.
On the occasion, Bah Liander Nongshli, Finance Secretary, RBYF, Sengkmie, said that the power outage in the district has turned into a tragedy. It happens almost every day and the most surprising thing is that the electricity goes out even when there is a natural disaster.
In a statement, the central government has said that the entire part of Nagaland is a dangerous area and there is a need to deploy troops in the state.
The electricity on the balcony was dark and when he entered the house, he said that it was only in that small room and he saw my brother sleeping and covered with a blanket. nep," said the Son.
The government will allow them to improve themselves and the government will evaluate their work.
The Assam government has decided to revoke the license of the Hotel Bhargav, which was the venue for the illegal SI test, for those who sat for the SI examination. On the other hand, he said that the farmers in the country are the source of income.
“We have decided to set up these FFCs to find out the truth about the availability of drugs that are no longer suitable for use in government hospitals,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek. to the reporters.
The District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills has issued an order to close down the Iaw Thymme Market, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai until further notice in order to protect the public and from the spread of the disease. Rules to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Besides Bipin, Manish took 2/30 in 20 overs, Abhishek 1/23 in 9 overs and Santhosh 1/31 in 9 overs.
Kyrshanba has received a tymmen byrsat and he has covered himself with a blanket.
Unfortunately, many teachers take tuition for their own students and this shows that the teachers in the schools have been teaching only in the right way so that only those who come for tuition can I don't want to explain more clearly, otherwise why don't you have to send your children to prepare books?
Shillong: The JSU has demanded that the government should clarify and inform about those jobs which the youth of the country cannot do and should also allow the youth of the country to enter those jobs. and thou shalt not bring them from abroad.
During my schooling I didn't know what these bsiah were and I thought they were ktiar, thapbawa and others that the ancestors meant.
The Indian rupee has fallen sharply against the US dollar by T.80 per dollar.
The age limit for Trail guests is 16 years old and 23 years old and younger.
The PRO said that on Friday, the BSF Chief met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Shymplong and Sonapur as well as the villagers to identify the robbers involved and explain the circumstances. I'm sorry for this.
Shillong, Naitung 29: Juliana's participation in Zee TV's Super Mom dance competition last night has caused a stir among many residents.
The committee appointed by the government has met several times to discuss the matter and is still in the process of meeting the requirements.
Cameron has expressed his condolences to two leaders who have resigned because their parties have not done well, including Labour's Ed Miliband. and then Nick Clegg, the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Former KSU President Daniel Khyriem was the chief guest and Shiningstar Kharbihkhiew, Assistant Education Secretary KSU CEC was the symbud chief guest.
In Khasi and Jaintia Hills, 2211 villages have been electrified of which 1546 villages have been electrified while in Garo Hills, 2748 villages have been electrified and 1923 villages have been electrified. .
Today, Mohan and his relatives have sought police protection for the threat of Angelbeth.
They said that their duty has become very heavy now because the visits of these former MLAs are not enough time and they have to follow them wherever they go for their personal or household work. .
However, he said the party has not lost hope and is trying its best to work hard to win again in the upcoming elections.
Ardent said that James has left the country because he does not have the confidence to become EM. Ardent said that James has offered to support him. “We cannot promise EM to anyone but perhaps we can participate in any aspect of service in KHADC,” said Ardent. He said that these words are also a warning to Bah James if he wants to support the group of ethnic parties which means that even if he doesn't have the opportunity to become EM, there are other jobs that can be done. the team will give it to him.
As part of the celebration, a discussion on the theme “Will AFSPA be a law that can bring lasting peace” was held. Toki Blah and the participants were Rev. PBM Basaiawmoit, Samuel Jyrwa, Chairman NESO who strongly opposed the implementation of the Act in the State and the country as a whole.
On this occasion, Conrad K Sangma said that the Home Guard Police who are involved with the Traffic Department of the State have received their salaries but there are those who have not yet received them. Stipends or incentives.
The tourism industry should not be targeted for profit or profit only in terms of money.
Shillong: The NYKS Shillong, on the 2nd March, 2021 to commemorate the birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi and the 75th Anniversary of Independence of India, in collaboration with The Youth Club Kutmadan through Clean India, will be held from 1st to 31st March, 2021 and has been able to conduct a Flogging Run to clean up the village and the roadsides and tourist attractions by collecting plastics.
Besides, the Rangbah Shnong Karbi has also banned the farmers of Saba from building any houses and raising any livestock within the boundary of Umkhyrmi.
In the PIL, the party has requested the Supreme Court to explain why the Court, the Government of India and the Government of Assam have allowed 41 lakh citizens to register to vote. -vote in the state of Assam.
In these pictures, which appear for about 10 minutes and disappear, the image of Jesus is seen in different positions, some carrying a cross in one hand and some dressed in white. There are pictures of him holding a lamb on both sides and these pictures, which have appeared about twenty times, show that Jesus is turning towards Shillong.
However, on the 49th anniversary of my birthday, on the 44th March 2019, I have passed away. NiamNongstoin (Nongstoin Diocese).
The decision to hold the protest comes after the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) continued to ignore despite many demands sent by the group.
The meeting was held on Saturday morning at Siejlieh village in the presence of the MLA and MDC of the area.
They fall into the trap of the fowler and are thrown into the pit of death.
“I On the part of the Minister of Finance, she has given a positive response and assured to assist and support besides the promise to improve in terms of the EAP. Finance Ministry and the Prime Minister so that we can achieve the goals we have set for Meghalaya,” said the CM.U Minister of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Bah Shakliar Warjri said that preparations for the Meghalaya Games 2024 have progressed well with T.23 crore allocated for the hosting of the tournament to be held in Tura, West Garo Hill. .
Shillong: Benhanan Kharwanlang of the Young Talent Badminton Club, Mawlai has lost in the final of the Badminton Gurukul Tournament 2019 held at the Indoor Stadium of the Royal University of Assam.
Regarding the permit issued by the government to the cow farmers, Bah Generous said that so far not a single cow has been received by the cow farmers through this permit and the cow traders. They are not allowed to smuggle cows from other states to Assam due to the excessive border control by the Assam government.
It is learned that there are 350 vehicles traveling daily, which are not driven by these three companies, which come to Shillong.
The injection needles were seized by the Nongstoin Police Station in the presence of the Magistrates.
There are many issues, raised by prisoners before the commission.
“Let him understand and hear with his own ears.
Muktiar said that it was a very wrong time for the Syiem to spend the gold money on the construction of the temple, when the people of the country did not There was nothing to eat and many of them went to collect and tied the door of his house, to collect and then they were driven away by the King.
Who says that the Nongstoin-Ranikor road is the Uranium road? The Uranium road is not from Nongstoin to Ranikor via Rangblang and Umdohlun.
Agartala: The new political party, TIPRA, led by former Congress President Pradyot Kishore Deb Barman, has won the Tripura Tripura Tribal Autonomous District Council (TTAADC) elections. , with 18 MDCs out of 28 MDCs of the Council.
The Association is proud of the election of Bah Badon as the Manager of the Meghalaya Team.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has no record of the number of Dkhars who have applied for license.
He has also been a contributor to the Kynjatshai newspaper and All India Radio for about 15 years.
Among them, Asian Games medalist Amit Panghal of Services won the flyweight 48-51kg by unanimous decision against Md Aarif of Jammu and Kashmir. Kashmir.
He also sent a message to the Karbi community in Moothade to be calm and peaceful, but if they cannot do this, they should leave the area. It is the land of Meghalaya.
Seven NLCN leaders, including a 16-year-old child, were arrested by youths from Khasi and Jaintia Hills with the intention of attacking the Government. Meghalaya Police have arrested 10 suspects in connection with the incident.
He said that according to the OM issued in July 2023, it has specified that the employment rate for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo is 80 percent, but this has caused confusion because there are districts where there are few Khasi and there are He suggested that it needs to be resolved before the jyrwit jyrwat spreads.
The Government has set up a Task Force and after this, measures have been taken to run the work and one is the problem of getting land to build the facilities and the Government has been able to start the work. In Ri Bhoi, Umkiang, Bajengdoba and Mendipathar, 80 percent of the railway stations have been completed.
Renikton said he hopes that in these areas, the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District led by him will be able to resolve 50% of the boundary issues. which this is good news.
This is one of the leading parts and it is like a source of inspiration for the nation which has worked hard to educate its fellow citizens in many villages and townships. He said that only those true Khasi children who are not pure children can say this.
The EM was responding to a question by Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MDC of Mylliem who wanted to know whether foreigners have been issued trading license by the EC. The new EC will strongly oppose the issuance of trading license to foreigners and will now prepare new measures,” he said.
Nongpoh, Lber 19 : After the re-election of Bah Sosthenes Sohtun for the second time as the Chief Executive Member of Jirang Constituency, the NPP Jirang Block Committee, GS The Road and Highway Area Leaders today honored the Jirang Constituency.
The discussions on this lasted for some time after it was found that according to the replies of the EM, no public information was made in the announcements regarding this work, but it was handed over to one person. Contractor to do the work.
“We demand that the Government and MSOA should recognize this kind of sport in the state as soon as possible so that we can develop the talented people of the state.
Shillong: The residents of Mawlai Mawroh village in Mawlyndop district today bombed and tied a foreigner who worked in the village who tried to rape a 20 year old girl. who is also a young woman with mental disabilities.
However, these children are from Meghalaya.
Nongpoh, June 27: The Western Ri Bhoi Sports Association (WBA) has announced that it will hold a football tournament in Western Ri Bhoi District in the final of the Western Ri Bhoi District Football Tournament. Umkynsier SC beat Umlakro SC at the WRBDSA Stadium in Patharkhmah.
Only kyiad was seized during the election.
Therefore, it is very difficult for them to pass through this road except for fourwheel trucks.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday urged the residents of the state to be prepared that if the spread of the disease in the state cannot be controlled, the government will take action. it shall not be able to continue the ban.
The National Weather Service has already warned of storms in several cities such as Tennessee, Illinois and Iowa.
In the group stage, seven matches will be played and the other seven matches will be played in the Super Four.
He said not only the parents but many organizations have come to meet the government and requested it to look into the issue of the high price of school and college fees.
Former Secretary of the Managing Committee of the school, Bah Bashemphang Thabah, Lyngdoh of Sohiong, who held the post of Secretary for six years but the committee disappeared in 2010, has turned away and refused to talk to the school. He said that he was urgent when he tried to find out the reasons for the closure of the school, but he could not be reached for comment. The school was closed because the two teachers were dismissed, and it was said that the dismissal was because the two teachers were employed. at the time of operation the white light.
Replying to the claims of some that they want Bah Charles as president, Bah Ronnie said that as members of the party along with MLAs, MDCs have their own will and there are others. pat which convey other names.
A consistent program is needed to truly see the fruit of the chastity success.
Shillong: At 10.45 pm this morning, a sudden collision occurred near Stand Jeep at Mawprem Taxi Stand. However, thanks to the quick response of the shopkeepers to extinguish the fire, the place escaped any damage.
The Seng also sent a letter to the contractor who has been appointed to construct this road to come and send the workers so that the work can go smoothly, said the statement. Young Kindly Khyriem.
The earth is like a mother who nourishes and cleanses her children so that they can grow up.
The three men, Azhar Khan, Nadeem Khan and Mehboo Ali, from Syana, slaughtered a cow on the night of November 2 at Mahav village.
The driver of the truck, a 22-year-old man, was also arrested and handed over to the Homeland Security Investigations Department for further investigation. .
“Jeofreeson's children used to come to play and sit in our house every day where he is a father who loves his children and we cannot say whether he is involved in this matter or not, for we know not whether he is alive or dead, for he is still lost.
Why are there so many women who dress like this, showing their inner clothes? khyllah for women because they show their body outside... This should not happen in our country... Men wear khyllah but the body doesn't come out, girls just want to produce innerwear and members body outside to attract others (esp.
At a meeting at Shillong Press Club today, journalists decided to send a letter of apology to James Sangma for his violence against a senior journalist. state.
Conrad said the State Government has further clarified this and approved the Office Memorandum on Tuesday.
Shillong, Lber 25: There are 10, 55, 04 poor households who have received electricity under the RGGVY scheme in the state so far and out of 1694 villages in the state who have received electricity, the government said. benefit from this scheme of the Central Government.
The demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule has come to a standstill, the talks to resolve the border issue with Assam have also come to a standstill and remain only in respect of the ' Status Quo' and now there is a demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit.
He went to Narpuh Border Presbytery.
We will stand firm to demand justice".
The pain of the soul, the pain of the heart when once again you have to shed blood and lose a human soul.
Others who attended the ceremony were Panbor Ryntathiang, Primson Makdoh from Umsning, Methodius Dkhar from Mawshynrut, Shakliar Warjri from Mawthadraishan, MDC Robert Mukhim from Mawthadraishan constituency. Kharjahrin President of the HYC, the residents of the area and the people from all over the country who came to witness.
“I am determined to build and bring glory to the club and those who love it,” he said.
Another Czech player, Karolina Muchova, finished the match against Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova with a strong fight. for the first time in her life.
Likewise, in this age of violence, hatred and bloodshed, this message gives us hope and I publish this message as follows: “Ka The position of Deputy Speaker of India may or may not be important to me, but I take this responsibility seriously and at the same time I respect this person for his lifestyle. their rights, not because they are high or high.
Among these village leaders are educated, but it is not known on what basis they are willing to do so, because besides this is against the Waheh Shnong Election Act of JHADC according to the Act “The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District” Act, 2015”, which is also against the Indian Constitution Article 15.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Shillong, has met with all those who oppose the opening of trade from Tamabil to Bangladesh as decided by the state government to resume foreign trade.
To increase fish production in the state, the department has implemented the Meghalaya State Aquaculture Mission (MSAM) and the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY).
According to the source, the suspect is also the father of the child and has committed the crime against his own daughter since 7/9/2017 at about 1 pm. in which he threatened the daughter-in-law if she told him about the crime.
The Seng has decided to admit only those students who have achieved the following percentages: Class 10 – 70% Class 12 – 65% (Arts, Science and Commerce). Please submit your marksheets to the office of the Seng or call the following numbers +91 80144 31092 and +9
They came with the desire to express their full support to Vincent Pala for his victory.
Shillong: BSF troops of 97 Bn BSF, patrolling at Sonapur, East Jaintia Hills, this morning seized 30 cows from a truck, about 2 kilometers from Sonapur gate. .
On this occasion, a story was heard about the origin of the Kur Mawrie which is said to be from Laitkor.
Besides, the District Administration has imposed a warning for passing vehicles not to take responsibility, he said.
“At the upcoming meeting, we should take a decision because everything has been prepared by the government.
Shillong, Naiwieng 13: UDP MLA Remington Pyngrope from Mawkynrew constituency has left the UDP and joined the NPP. Mawkynrew constituency is an alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP. The UDP has announced Remington Pyngrope as its candidate while the UDP has announced Remington Pyngrope as its candidate. The HSPDP has elected Martle Mukhim.
At the same time, Bah Prestone, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, encouraged the development of many languages ​​and not just Khasi.
Lynrah said that at present, the department is looking for people to run the market after the closure of the society.
So far, he said, he has set up 21 units across Mawlai and has registered 3,000 members in the party. ing.
“You say how.
There is nothing to stop the mining of coal if it is used by mechanical means and if the work is conducted according to science.
Opposition Leader and Congress Legislator from Mylliem, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh said the party has tried to bring back former leaders.
Gogoi is 86 years old.
He said that about 27% of the children in the state suffer from vitamin deficiency in milk.
MePGCL also informed that after the completion of the work, the road leading to the river will be opened for vehicles weighing less than 4 tonnes.
By Josper S Dura, Nongshken “There is no suffering; they were deceived in the wilderness"—PHB121(6).
The question remains that if every citizen is pure in heart and has a vision for the welfare and development of the people, there is no problem. to eradicate corruption which is a cruelty that affects the lives and livelihoods of the people.
The report also believes that the shortage of counting equipment is due to the lack of equipment, although it is not a mistake in the counting of the death toll.
And one of these ways worst of all, is their ability to spend many times the money from which they report to the election authorities, and they can easily hide these expenses they incur in the parts that are not long.
“The Executive Members have been very kind to give us the documents which we can research and what is best for our people, we will try to implement,” she said.
The team, after tied first, managed to score 117/10 in 32.2 overs.
Speaking to reporters, Bah HS Shylla of the NPP said that the dorbar needs to be convened urgently, as there has been a serious problem in the issue of money laundering in the KHADC. Bah Pynshngain has appointed and removed the EM without any consultation with his colleagues in the EC and this is his own action.
If she had scored three points, she would have won the title.
Shillong: The Umngot River, which is one of the most famous tourist attractions in the world, attracts the people of the state and other states when they come to visit this river which connects Bangladesh.
“They should know that they should never exceed the limit no matter what they are pressured by their political leaders," he said.
“I am grateful to God and the people of the Constituency for trying to fulfill my responsibilities especially in relation to the schemes that I have distributed to all according to the needs of the Constituency,” said Bah Adelbert.
The number of cases of coronavirus in Assam has risen to
The Secretary Land Resources, while looking at the scope of this work in the North Eastern States, said that a Task Force will be set up for the work related to land in the North Eastern States. The North Eastern States with the approval of the relevant authorities and also after consultation with the Autonomous District Councils.
Shillong: Today, 57 people have tested positive for Covid-19 in East Khasi Hills and 33 in West Khasi Hills district, said the Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War. 17 cases in West Jaintia Hills District, 3 cases in West Garo Hills District, 1 case in Ribhoi District and 2 cases in East Garo Hills District.
Referring to the UCC at that time, he said he had spoken to Delhi and met Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Amit Shah who was the Union Home Minister. forget to speak.
Mizoram Chief Minister Zoram Thanga has said that the state welcomes the refugees who have fled the violence in Myanmar.
Each shop has its own beauty that reflects the richness of our culture and traditions.
However, for those who do not fall under the Municipal, it is necessary to plan their own in order to develop and implement the Smart City objective.
They also receive one driver and 3 Grade IV employees. Besides, they receive 2 lakh tyngka per month, 40,000 tyngka per year, three newspapers and two magazines.
Shillong Lajong and Rangdajied United FC players while they are training.
We also have a serious problem with drug trafficking and part-time school dropouts – these are the issues that I have put forward”.
“Bah Pynshngain holds an MLA/MDC rifle but he doesn't know how to use it,” said Bah Shylla.
Luke 19:28-44.
Mawkyrwat, November 02: After many problems arose from the people regarding the internal workings of the bank at Mawkyrwat Branch, the MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Thongkhar who is the Minister of the Water Supply Department expressed his concern and at the same time as the leader urged the people to work together so that we can overcome this problem. .
During these two days, she will attend various programs in the presence of AITC leaders in the state including Dr Mukul Sangma, former Chief Minister, President and Lamphang. Charles Pyngrope and other leaders.
But on the other hand, it is a blessing to the righteous.
There have been many comments on the page of Rang ieid Ri – Adelbert Nongrum, regarding the collision, in which a picture of the max, which hit the vehicle of the Prime Minister, has been published. .
On this occasion, Bah Aldous said that he also wants to have a forum where all the writers can meet including those writers who are still trying so that they can guide them.
If we look at Noah, we will see how Noah found peace, he did not worry even when the great flood that destroyed the whole earth, the strong wind, until the waters were broken, imagine how much Gen 7:1 ter ter, v.11-12, because he believed that the one who had told him to “build an ark” could deliver him and save him to the end. .
Sohkha Govt Higher Secondary School is one of the prominent government schools in War Jaintia and has been included in the merit list of the MBOSE. The education of this school has led him to donate to this school to improve education in the rural areas.
Hap hun in your own destiny, whatever happens.
“We urge and demand that the Government, especially the two MLAs who are the leaders of the area, should listen to the voice of the residents of Nongsning and Umrasong. syndon the factory.
At the same time, the party said that many states in India have different policies on Rapido Bikes and there is no problem if the government really wants to help the youth of the state.
“It is surprising that such a thing has happened in Madanriting,” said UDP Working President Paul Lyngdoh.
The celebration was attended by the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma in the presence of CEM of KHADC Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem, MDCs, officers and employees of KHADC. He said that since Bah Pynïaid Syiem took over as CEM, there has been a close cooperation between the KHADC and the state government and the CEM has worked hard to send various proposals to Delhi and the Council. she has also received many blessings.
We feel like we are, but we don't understand that 2020 is near.
The march started from Hindi Balika School (against Goenka Motors), passed through Police Bazaar, GS Road, Boucher Road, Anjalee, Jhalupara, Mawprem and ended at Cantonment Square in Garikhana.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has directed all sports associations to ensure that all sports associations allowing indigenous people to represent the state in various sports abroad.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya Minister congratulated the Union Home Minister Amit Shah for inviting the political party leaders from the North East and the civil society leaders to discuss the CAB. The NPP will discuss the issue of District Council elections in Meghalaya, Manipur and Tripura.
Police said the clash between the two groups lasted for about 15 minutes.
Comic actress Bharti Singh has been arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau.
In the Under-16 women's category, Chitra Malik of St Mary's HR Secondary School won the Best Athlete category.
On the other hand, the residents and RBYF leaders in a meeting with the owners of these two shops, demanded that they should temporarily close down while they cannot provide the water supply. to dispose of the garbage from these shops.
The Indian Olympic Association (IOA) in a letter sent to the CEO of the Games Secretariat on the 16th of this month has directed the office to be ready to convene a meeting to discuss the issue. Meghalaya will host the National Games 2022 on the date of the National Games.
In North Garo Hills, 16 cases, in Ri-Bhoi 87 cases, 4 High Risk Contacts, 3 ILI Cases, 6 Mawtari Cluster, 3 Pahamsohthri Cluster, 3 Sohliya Cluster, 4 Tyrso Cluster, 5 Umden Cluster 5, Umi , Cluster 7, Cluster 3, Cluster
He said the government stands on the basis that the talks should not be restricted and should be free but on this, it will take a decision on how to proceed.
The HYC conducted this inspection on the 23rd of this month under the leadership of President Yoodahunki Shylla with the participation of HYC members, after receiving many complaints from the people and employees. The HYC in a statement said that during the inspection, the HYC has also had a face-to-face meeting with the M/O incharge of the hospital Dr.Shemphang Pohtam who said that the PHC in the During the rainy season, all the wards are flooded due to the lack of construction of the building.
Guwahati: Police in Kamrup on Friday seized three trucks carrying 87 cows.
However, the Khasi people have not been allowed to become foreigners in their own country.
Priyanka Chopra has clarified reports that she has criticized Bollywood by saying that she didn't say or say anything that Bollywood is not a film industry. but she pointed fingers and criticized some of the people she had dealt with who also wanted to take advantage of her.
In the second match which started at 2 pm, Lumshyiap SC beat Imson SC by 4 goals.
An ATM card of Daremika Laloo was stolen from Iawmusiang on Sunday.
Not only that, valleys have also started appearing on the outskirts of Dubai.
On the other hand, unemployed youths in Post-Graduates, General Graduates, ITIs and Polytechnics will be placed in the second category for a financial assistance of T.2 lakh.
In the first semifinal, Mulang Ialong beat Mukhla Raij 2-0
Senegal became the first African country to win the opening match of the World Cup by beating Poland 2-1 at the Spartak Stadium.
He said that only three shops in Nongjri and Shahlang have been closed down; He said that the reason is because many foreigners who do business there have already fled, because of the closure of the Hat market after the ban on coal mining.
However, those RCC stalls have not been increased to 100 percent.
Now, with the decision of the National People's Progressive Party (NPP) to elect Conrad Sangma, who is not a member of the Garo District Council, it has become clear that it has been a conflict. The most powerful thing is that the political leader of Garo Hills, PA Sangma, wants to show power with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang in an order issued on Saturday, announced that the containment zone order has been lifted in Umthlong.
“We would like to express our gratitude to the residents of Shella, the neighbourhood, Mawjam SC, HYC Shella Area Unit, Grace Kharpuri, Sotish Youroin and others who have donated to the Club as part of the The Club has raised funds to support the youth of Shella Village who have shown their talent in the field of swimming competitions in various competitions in the state as well as in the “They will be able to participate in the North East Olympic Games to be held in our state from 10 to 16 November 2022,” he said.
He struggled to pull and release Finie.
She said that in the midst of these problems she has requested the education department but this has not happened and thus they have to continue to conduct school in the old school.
The Governor has a majority.
“Only a few times we have been able to complete the work,” she said.
Those who wish to participate please call No.9856417210, 8132839504, 9436106341,
The project was funded through the Special Assistance Grant Scheme of the Central Government for the year 2015-2016 where the Ministry of Finance has released T.100.71 crore as Grant-in-Aid to the Ministry of Finance. the GHADC, to implement development works in the Sixth Schedule areas.
Are these dead tourists or tourist guides? We are also surprised that the Government of India has not yet spoken clearly on the Inner Line Permit (ILP) relating to the State.
He said this is not the first time that MLAs have held two posts and he is the second time.
The second semifinal or Eliminator will be between Mynthong vs Nangbah Mulang on the 24th and the third semifinal or Qualifier 2 will be between the loser of the first semifinal against the winner of the second semifinal.
The AITC said that according to the National Family Health Survey Report of the Government of India for the year 2019-20, 54% of women in Meghalaya have anemia, including 24%. % mildly anemic, 28% mildly anemic and 2% severely anemic.
However, despite many such incidents, there are still many families who have fallen victim to such incidents.
Amlarem, July 06: The Office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply), Amlarem West Jaintia Hills District has announced that the distribution of NFSA rice (AAY, PHH and Non-NFSA) for the month of July 2022, has already been released to the public and will be available to all Fair Price Shop retailers by July 15, 2022.
Our government has ordered the closure of all schools, colleges, cinema halls, tourist attractions and any public gatherings to prevent the spread of the coronavirus.
Replying to the directive of the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the Legislative Assembly that if anyone does not agree with the Roster System, they should appeal to the Court. Finally, if the government listens to the opinion of the party.
According to a report by the Assam State Disaster Management Authority (ASDMA), more than 45,700 people have been severely affected by the floods in Chirang, Darrang, Dhemaji, Dibrugarh and Sivasagar districts.
The arrival of the fire to the families of the dead has raised the death toll in Wuhan, one of China's provinces, the report said.
Speaking to media, Titos said the Council has passed the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHAA) Amendment Bill, 2023 after deciding to suspend the discussion on the bill. Khasi Hills Autonomous District (Social Custom of Clan Administration) Bill.
A few hours later, the magistrates accompanied by the police came to meet the KSU leaders at the scene.
Here we must understand that the Kseh Hills cause a shortage of agriculture, drinking water and also a shortage of water to irrigate the hydropower dams (such as the Umïam Dam or the Umïam Lake of MeSEB). ).
Police arrested the driver, police reports said.
According to the agreement between the KHADC and the Hima Mawphlang, the revenue will be distributed 60 percent to the KHADC and 40 percent to the Hima Mawphlang which will allocate the 5 acres of land.
Shillong: Police stations have been attacked more and more in the month of June.
