Domestic Coal Offtake increased from 691 MT in FY21 to 818 MT in FY22, an increase of 18.4%.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 13: The Meghalaya Energy Power Distribution Corporation Limited (MERDC) has improperly installed electricity posts in Rambrai area. field.
He also praised the MLA of the area who has worked hard in the past years despite the Covid-19 pandemic but has been able to bring about development works in many areas for the benefit of the people. the whole constituency.
Several Khasi youths have won the race, including Mihsalan who won second place in the open category, Brandon Bazeley who won third place in the open category. Sheldon Synnah came fourth in the open category.
Shillong, Nailur 28: After the HSP DP and UDP failed to take over the CEM seat, the meeting of the three parties held on Saturday turned to the CEM seat. KHNAM, which has the fewest MDCs in the ARPA, has not accepted the post.
Police have also arrested the driver of the truck, Deepak Kumar, a resident of Bihar.
Dr. Weimanhi Tyngkan, Head of Mobile Veterinary Dispensary Amlarem, said that doctors from the Veterinary Department will visit the veterinary department to check the condition and health of the animals (cows and pigs) before slaughtering. to him.
“We will investigate into this too,” said one of the policemen.
"It's Lano's father," To ieid said.
He said the MDA should not hesitate to work with the BJP led by the North East Development Alliance (NEDA) because there is no development from the NEDA but it should turn to the North East Development Alliance (NEDA). Government of Assam and its authorities.
When questioned by police, Vang confessed that he was filled with sorrow and sympathy for the 3-year-old child and his attempt to persuade and forcibly convert the unknown child. it is wrong.
The Minister, Conrad K. Sangma, said that the recognition of this village as a fish farmers' home will enable the Government to provide various assistance to the fish farmers of this village.
System Engineer, Election Office of East Garo Hills and on behalf of Stever J. Sangma, Inspector of Taxes, Tura.
The Prime Minister also informed that the total expenditure has been increased to T.11,11,111 crore in this budget.
The new border will be completed before July 30 next year, according to the report and the border inspection is expected to be completed in July 2016 and after that, the new border will be erected. in October, according to the report.
Also present on the occasion were HFU Thadlaskein Block President Mutshwa Thabah, Village Leaders including Village Secretary Foster Kharsahnoh, Asst Waheh Shnong Kishon Kharsahnoh and farmers of the area.
He urged the people to avoid dying from the drugs which means money during the elections because the MLA who gives the scheme does not mean that it is his money but the money of the people.
Madon recently alleged that Nartiang MLA Sniawbhalang Dhar has turned against him and supported Lakhon Dkhar instead of supporting him as the party candidate.
Also present on the occasion were Minister of Revenue and Disaster Management etc. Kyrmen Shylla, DD Lapang and others.
Earlier, while raising the issue, Bah Ardent said that the introduction of the test does not mean the collapse of the government just because there is no number to register people but to inform the government of the they admit that it makes mistakes that it must correct.
The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District has sent a Magistrate to inspect the area to find out the truth about the incident.
The Joint VDP of Sutnga, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, today signed a social agreement with the Jowai Municipal Board to allow the dumping of garbage in the Sutnga Municipal Board. “If he wants to give a garbage dump to the Jowai Municipal Board, he should have given it to his own village in Wapung, not to the district. Sutnga District VDP Secretary Pynbait Sutnga in a statement.
We will look back after the results of the 2023 election to see the outcome of the decision of the people.
Nongstoiñ, July 28: India is a country where each state has its own customs and traditions and has its own language according to the name of the state.
The celebration lasted ten years.
The MDC in a statement said that according to the RTI, the work has been awarded to contractors who have not registered themselves and who do not have the skills to do the work.
Rida was very happy because now she saw the change of heart of Panah.
Chairman Shape Pasweth said India is in danger and urged everyone to preserve the trees in the forests.
The wounded and wounded image appears even on the resurrected body of Jesus.
The main reason why Modi and Amit Shah came to witness the swearing-in ceremony of the MDA-II government of Conrad Sangma is to convey the message to the whole of India that Meghalaya, as one of the most prominent Christian states in the North East, has been convinced to give full trust to the BJP by joining the NPP. It is clear that, except for Muslims, Christians have now joined and given their trust to the BJP party. in Meghalaya, especially in Khasi-Jaintia.
He said the crimes lodged against Islam would continue until the end.
The growth and strength of tourism in Meghalaya is in the rural areas.
On the reluctance of the people to leave the area, Donald V Thabah said that the Government should not treat such people differently.
Therefore, the Jaintia Dorbar has urged the Government of Meghalaya to transfer Block I & II to the Meghalaya State.
Here is the sign of God the Creator of the love of the two, by knowing the mother, knowing the father, knowing the family, comes also the glory of man and goes to the glory of God, whether in the family or the nation, here comes. The mother through the religions of the ancestors, to receive the blessings of the two children of the mother and children.
It is unfortunate that all the appointments are based on censuses that have been estimated and not on the truth.
Shillong, July 15 : The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Friday urged the state government to take into account the number of refugees from Manipur to settle in Meghalaya. the bloodshed in the state.
Kennedy Khyriem was speaking after a meeting convened by the state government with the leaders of the North East Petroleum Major Union (NEPMU) held at Circuit House Nongpoh on Friday.
He said they have brought labor issues into their decisions.
It is terrible that hell is burning.
Daniel Wahlang was elected as the President of the Seng Samla, Synsharlang Wahlang as the Secretary and four members of the Executive Committee including the Chairman and Secretary from each Circle/Unit.
It will start from 11:00 am to 4:00pm.
“If the UDP approves me, I am ready to contest the Lok Sabha MP election 2024 from Shillong Parliamentary Seat but this decision will be taken after the party meeting to discuss the issue,” he said. bah P.T.
The AIMO study found that the demonetisation and the implementation of the GST are the main reasons affecting these small factories. percent in trade, 32 percent in small jobs, 35 percent in small self-employment and 24 percent in medium jobs.
Assam authorities on the 2nd of this month said that a man from Dibrugarh district has lost his life after a natural disaster on the night of the Second Sunday in Moran.
Nongdawah CC scored 69 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 17.1 overs.
By promoting women's participation in environmental initiatives and decision-making, we can work better in climate change prevention and natural resource conservation.
The hearing has been fixed for the 20th of June.
Where shall the world find peace, when it shall stand before the throne? It is not a right for one race to rule over another, especially if that other race does not agree or want to.
On the other hand, the State President said that the BJP has taken special steps to strengthen the party in Tripura.
Members of the Village Defense Party (VDP) Barato together with members of the Barato Area Unit on Tuesday morning arrested Rikmenlang Lamare, a prisoner who escaped from Jowai District Jail. and five suspects who are still in custody on Saturday 10th of this month.
The launch of 5G will be another milestone in Airtel's journey to provide services in Meghalaya through Airtel 5G Plus where Airtel users will benefit from the speed of the network. .
During his visit to these children, John Abraham praised the talent of these children, and also the MSOA for working hard to find such children. children who are talented in various sports.
Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in the first quarter of 2019-20 fell by 5 percent, down about 0.8 percent, compared to the quarter ending in October. 2018-19.
If you don't have medicine, you'll be able to do it.
Hazare, 76, said the law alone is not enough, but what is needed now is to have groups to monitor the situation of corruption in different states. decided to set up various groups in the States to monitor and investigate these anti-corruption activities.
Speaking to media, Bah Ïalam said that his intention to deliver lyer shet to the people through this agency is after the agency he used to take over has expressed its difficulty in meeting the needs. the public because of the lack of supply.
“Ah! (Gitanjali) Jesus Christ said, “When you pray, do not be like the hypocrites! ...When you pray, do not use too many words. This is how you must pray...thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in earth, as it is in heaven” (Matthew 6:7-10). it is not just a prayer or just a teaching how to pray, but this section speaks and tells clearly about the life, works and struggle of Jesus Christ for mankind.
However, the spirit of cooperation has started to decline and the UDP MDCs have started to criticize the working methods of the CEM. only.
"“It is not difficult to bring about changes in this law.
If you look at the condition of the kudam, you know in what form, they are thngian.
Wanbok's mother wanted to know.
The music director is Banker Mawlong.
In this age in which we live, the age of human knowledge is excessive and many scholars spend their time researching the face of God to find out where God dwells. ?.
Bhalang had to prepare hard for the Final examination of Class XII. This will be the most important examination like the Matric examination because the percentage is calculated from this examination if you want to enter colleges or enter the work.
The Audit Report for the year 2021-2023 was also presented on the occasion.
In another match, Niaw Wasa United beat Youth Club Pdengkarong 2-1 in the Group-B match at Jowai Zone.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
When asked whether the Prime Minister has admitted that there are supporters and funders of the protesters, Mukul said, “We don't understand what the Prime Minister has said.
He also explained that there are many people who want to apply for tickets from the party to contest the MDC elections and for this reason the leaders go to every place to explain to the people that it is not only those who Those who want to contest elections can join the party, but we need people who will work and understand the party's path and especially its principles.
At the same time, the CEM expressed his surprise that in the opinion of the EC, they believe that this is a usual task and it is not too serious, but On the other hand, the opposition has taken too much attention only for Bhowal and Malai Sohmat, he said.
From that moment on, it was as if someone had put me in the boat and then I went around.
“Run inside.
On the other hand, the former CS said that the Meghalaya Development Authority (MUDA) needs to look into the construction of houses for the sake of safety.
It is clear that this incident was caused by the political parties.
In his reply to the Budget, Sangma mentioned the Government's targets of taking the State to an income of 10 billion dollars and employment opportunities for 5 lakh people.
On 11th November, Sarma said in the Assam Assembly that a total of 3,907 people have been arrested in connection with incidents of child trafficking in the past five years. of which 3,319 have been prosecuted under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act, 2012 (POCSO).
Shillong, July 17: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma has recently amended the Service Rules for Government Employees. that Government employees shall not be allowed to be Rangbah Shnong or to be members of any group or organisation.
The office bearers of the party are President Alfred Kongwang, Vice President Jambok Lanong, General Secretary Densil Khonglah, Publicity Secretary Firstamin Khongtir and 13 other office bearers.
He said that there had been talk from his relatives that it was time to let go of others and that he should rest. “I also feel that it is time for me to let go of others. I want to give the opportunity to the youth who have the spirit and skills to serve the people to show their ability to serve the people, I will retire from the election but while they are still able I will work again for the party,” said Bah DD Lapang.
A man may be rich in money, but what will he do with his wealth if he cannot buy water and food? From time to time, the countries of the world meet to discuss how to reduce the impact of climate change.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 3: Many rural villages in West Khasi Hills are still using horses to transport goods from bus stations to their villages.
Paliar Education Secretary and others.
They praise and honor the righteous but they revile, revile and revile the wicked.
He said the visit of Chinese President Xi Jinping to Russia last month also showed the close relationship between China and Russia as China supports Russia. both in the field and in all aspects.
The farmers of the country are not happy with the government's amendment to this Act.
At the same time, Bah Samlin explained about the news on social media about the spread of his speech, he said that his speech is that the people should follow the example of the teachings of the Rangbah Balang from Pastors, Fathers and Tymmen Basan that they should pray before going to bed, after waking up and pray before eating and working.
Angel Mac.
Often, the reason why journalists and producers turn away is for personal gain or to promote their own work.
Stating that the production of fish in the state has increased by 1,139 metric tonnes in 2023, which has now increased to 19,374 metric tonnes, the Governor said the state government has taken more steps. to reduce the import of fish by using methods such as recirculating aquaculture systems and integrated cage culture.
It is also a fact that our Kumarlaya state is not a complete state.
The aim of this five-year program is to train up to 100 youth in various skills.
To become a good player especially a good player, education is essential,” said Chhetri.
“The leaders we have elected must implement the schemes of the people properly and give accounts every fiscal year,” he said. I have to blame the people and not the leaders.
Wailadmiki of the NPP won from Jowai constituency and HM Shangpliang of the Congress won from Mawsynram constituency and defeated PN Syiem of the PDF. SK Sun, independent candidate, won from Mawphlang constituency and Bah Lambor Malngiang, independent candidate, won from Nongkrem.
If you take into account these two issues, you should take into account this one issue which the people of the state want to work in the state which is like a stieh to protect the country and the ethnic groups.
Shillong, June 14: The VPP will hold registration meetings in different constituencies of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
“The letter through the relevant department should be sent to Zenithsky J Sangma immediately,” he said.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailar, 16: Two youths from Mawlai village, East Khasi Hills District have drowned in a river on Tuesday. Umngi is one of the rivers on the border of South West Khasi Hills District and East Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to reporters, DR Kafle, Assistant Teacher, Nepali Sahayogi Secondary School, Khanapara, said that the school authorities have expressed their strong opposition and condemnation to this. Assam, after they blocked the public road which is also used by school children who walk every day on this road.
He said that 11 UDP MLAs immediately after casting their votes left for the NPP bus, but the people were against leaving to support the NPP candidate in Sohiong constituency.
However, it is surprising that only the sub-centre to provide assistance to pregnant women, children and the elderly who are sick and in need of medicines, does not exist yet. mine
Sawmer SC played well from the start of the first half with Shining Nongdhar scoring the first goal in the 11th minute while Rheadolf N Daloi added. goal in the 30th minute.
The committee also demands that the relevant authorities should take measures to renew or issue licenses or approvals, as far as possible, so that those who live in the area can earn a living and provide for yourself.
“I am not afraid of the people even these nine men who will contest against me because it is up to the people to elect,” said Kong Shylla. who invest but it depends on the will of the people.
The power outage in these villages is due to heavy rainfall in the past few days and the post lights along the Amlarem-Dawki road have collapsed due to landslides and floods.
Lambok said the KSU still expects the District Council to be the protector of the country and the nation but now its leader Pynshngaiñ is like a lymbit who turns his head. “U Bah Pynshngaiñ has turned lymbit, he has turned his head, he doesn't have a decision, only 24 hours after he came to Delhi he has issued the NOC,” said Lambok.
Many of the TMC MLAs have joined our party, the National People's Party (NPP) or other political parties.
“If the government doesn't want to call for talks with the KSU just because they are doing damage, why doesn't it call other political parties who are not involved in these activities and support the opposition with violence,” he said. state.
Shillong, Naitung 08: The Union Christian College (UCC) in collaboration with the Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MCTA) on Tuesday held a seminar on “Governance and Development in Meghalaya”. and growth in Meghalaya.
It is worth mentioning that on the 25th of November every year, the incarnation of Jesus Christ through Mary Magdalene and Joseph is celebrated and commemorated. Jesus in Bethlehem and laid in a manger in a manger.
In the first innings, RB Anupchand School managed to score only 44 runs but lost all 10 wickets in 7.5 overs.
The ENJC said that in chapter 1 of the Office Memorandum (OM) in Para D (Checklist), it states, “An agreement between the land owners and the lease applicants, in which the applicants are not the owners of the you bag to dig par.
The Eucharist is the grace of the Lord Jesus Christ which Himself has revealed to us God's infinite love for us human beings,” said Archbishop Girelli.
However, there were some groups who did not comply but held a mass march on this day,” he said.
Above this valley there is a place called 'Stieh Maw' which is believed to have been the guard post of the sentry of the Lyngdoh in the past because it is said to have been the residence of the Lyngdoh.
Only those who are still strong can climb on top of this Mawlyngdoh to the east and to the south.
Prominent musicians from Guwahati, Shillong and Jowai will come to Jowai at the Jowai Winter Carnival which will be held on the 10th and 11th of this month at Panaliar, Jowai.
The death toll from the coronavirus in Iran has risen to 63, bringing the total number of deaths in the country to
May God bless you, health, peace and love.
“The concern is not the ILP, the concern is the illegal entry of foreigners and the people feel that the ILP or some groups feel that the ILP can help to solve the problem. to these problems," he said.
There is no mention of the ILP issue which the government has been able to divert by other means.
The two days before the polling are very important especially for us to be vigilant in our villages and townships if there are those who bring intimidation or threats or both.
The Women's Reservation Bill was first introduced in 1996 and passed by the Rajya Sabha in October 2010 but died after the Lok Sabha failed to pass it.
Governments have come and gone, but the sad thing is that there is no one who is old enough to stay lyngkrang sah? The country has looked upon you with pity, you have remained lyngkrang and iuh roit as you want to enter and leave.
The complex has 94 shops and 100 vehicles.
Fire and Emergency Services, Jowai were immediately informed.
“I cannot say in advance, but soon the party will send its recommendations to the Chairperson of its Reservation Roster and to the government on the demand for a review of the Reservation Policy,” he said. .
It cannot be that in the Cabinet you shake hands while when you speak to the public through the media you speak against each other.
When he saw it, he began to shout, scream and scream, but he didn't listen to the Hati Sakuna and began to eat and eat his rice.
It is to be recalled that in the past years, in 2014-2017, they did not face such problems, but they were able to carry out the activities of the school, every year they received the school. Grant of 50,000/- per annum and the salaries of the teachers are received on time.
It is worth mentioning that all the winners are from East Khasi Hills District.
The United Democratic Party (UDP) was founded in 1997 on the basis of supporting and working hard for the welfare of the people of the State to bring about a Government free from corruption and corruption. not many sides.
Speeches were also delivered by the teachers and Samla Pynehborlang Mukhim, former secretary of the village as the chief guest. to fight against evils especially alcohol in order to bring about further changes in society.
The turnout in 59 constituencies in the state has reached 85.17% except for postal ballot.
The Seng Kur invites especially the women to take the initiative to bring along their children, young people who have studied in schools, colleges or universities, so that they can be brave enough to to come forward in the work of the Kur, and to become people who know the Kur, the jait, the people, the God and also it will help them to recognize and create each other in their journey, to know also to our brothers and sisters not only in our own villages, but also to other villages and places where our brothers and sisters live.
This shows that you still really want to fight and as the saying goes, when you praise a person, you should always praise him while he is alive and not when he is dead.
On the other hand, u Meshak congratulated the office bearers of the Kur, for being able to organize such a program which is very important for the youth. to all the members of the Kur Shylla who attended this meeting.
Speaking to media, Jaiswal, who is also the chief whip of the BJP and also the chairman of the BJP in Sikkim, said that the Central Government has been able to Collect information on the spread of corruption in the state of Nagaland.
To give freedom does not mean that parents allow their children to do whatever they want, because it can lead to harm and they can make the wrong choice or walk in the wrong way in their lives.
Shillong, Nailar, 16: Police have found the body of Bah Rishad Sing Kharmutee, who went missing from Iewduh on the 11th of this month. Shillong on Tuesday.
Banalari FC played better in the first 20 minutes and had many chances to score, but the skill of the Galaxy FC defenders prevented the goalkeepers. Banalari FC didn't score.
Because there is no record, I don't know how many lakhs of Khasi have died from the disease in the past.
“We have approved the revised uniform guidelines for the recruitment of Police in the Meghalaya Police Department,” said Minister Marcuise N Marak.
The Behdeinkhlam of the Sein Raij Tuber today was attended by at least 15,000 people from all over the Jaintia and Khasi Hills.
The KHADC and JHADC should have passed a law to punish our people by imposing a heavy fine if they are found to be buying houses, shops or hiring anyone. foreigners who do not have proper documents such as Residential Certificate, EPIC Card, Trading License, Labor License and others.
These residents of Umskun not only face problems due to the flooding of the road they use for commuting, but as residents they also face difficulties in coming and going during the rainy season. Until now, although this village has only 10 meters from the National Highway06, they have not yet received a clean road and it is only a dirt road and a hand road. .
Shillong: Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma today said that a meeting with Home Minister Amit Shah may be held after the Republic Day (RD) celebrations. “I have spoken to Amit Shah twice and he has informed me that he will call later this month as there is still a lot of work for the Republic Day,” he said. Conrad didn't speak today.
There were seven persons involved in the crime, two of whom entered the house, two who robbed outside the dorbar hall and two others. , they escaped.
Shillong, June 5 : The Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal on Tuesday said that the government will review the report of the Committee of Inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the implementation of the scheme. Good luck.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Working President of MCPF, Principal Manosha Sohtun, teachers, students and others.
She said that she found that many of the shops built here are not adequate because the water does not flow in the wells. sien of the water from the well that flows into the shops.
The state government said that due to the heavy rains in July, the maintenance of the road had to be suspended.
In a poll conducted by Rupang.com, 507 out of 872 voters, or 21 percent, wanted to discuss the inner line permit in the 2019 MP elections. The second came the demand for the recognition of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, with 388 votes or 16 percent.
However, it is impossible to say that the MLA has been elected as Bah Kimfa in
AT Mondal's joining the NPP will greatly benefit the NPP,” he said.
The Prime Minister said Shah has assured that he will continue to preserve the culture, identity and language of the people of Meghalaya and the North East as a whole.
He said that the cause of the fire is still unknown and the village authorities and even the police are conducting an investigation to find out the cause of the fire. .
In another development, the HYC East Jaintia wants to make it clear that while the government has not yet been able to introduce laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners such as the ILP or the ILP, The law will protect the people from being overthrown by the authorities. We will not accept the railway line.
He said that from 2011 to 2020, the Rangbah Shnong of Nongpyrdi has received Rs 13,53,036 through the IWMP and the Soil and Water Conservation Department while there is no work.
The Contractual Teachers All Jaintia Hills Unit (CTAJHU) has held a mass march in Jowai to demand the failure of the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET). the State Government to conduct the MTET examination for them again.
C.Pynsakhiat July 22, 2020 Everyone is afraid of Corona.
The contest this time is between PA Sangma's son Conrad K Sangma and the wife of Prime Minister Mukul Sangma, Dikkanchi Shira from the Congress.
It is to be recalled that this woman and her husband had gone to get medicine for their 2 year old child who was sick, but a dark cloud came and covered this family when the car in which she was sitting collided with. fall into the night.
It is time for all these teachers from different types of schools to demand from the government to pay their salaries every month to avoid the problems and sorrows. these non-government teachers meet from time to time.
Many elders from Pongtung, Nongshyrngan, Nohwet and surrounding villages have phoned to this reporter regarding this incident and have also warned the MeECL department that in the future football matches will not be held. to turn off the light in these areas.
only faith shall save us.
Most Rev.Victor Lyngdoh in his speech, urged all those who came to participate in this great day and especially to the two who will be consecrated that while they are alive and walking in the days to come come and live according to the promise they will make to serve the people of the Church in all areas.
However, the MDCs of the United Democratic Forum led by Bah Latiplang Kharkongor did not go to file their nomination papers to contest the election.
Now the pigs were distributed.
Shillong: The Sordar of Laitlum Village, East Khasi Hills, has been elected on 14th November
They said that in the past few years until now, this dance has been conducted by some people close to and related to politicians.
Rohghang was admitted to a private hospital yesterday and his driver and PSO were also infected with the corona virus.
This evening, at about 7:30 pm, a scooty, number ML 05 Q 7901, when the driver of the scooty could not control, collided with a truck. AS 23 BC 5040 at Mawlai Bridge.
Meghalaya has reported 502 deaths from COVID-19 with 19 deaths on Tuesday.
In Rajasthan, out of 199 members in the House, the Congress has only 21 seats, while the BJP has 162 seats, despite being a Congress-ruled state. , led by Ashok Gehlot, the Chief Minister of the state.
New Delhi: At least 19 people have been killed and more than 50 injured in an earthquake in parts of Pakistan this afternoon.
On the other hand, Israel has prepared to launch a military campaign in which it has called up temporary troops or those who work in other jobs, but who have been trained in the military. .
Siangshai said the damage in his village has reached more than 1000 houses.
However, the most sad thing to see is the deterioration of the road from Liarbang to Mawlasnai, which is a very important road for the people living in the border area. Block-2, but this road has not been improved for many years.
Since 1992, the Shillong Press Club has faced many challenges in encouraging and developing journalists who have endured the rain over the years, even though their longrynñieng has been severely affected. case.
Congratulating the people for their confidence in the vision of the Meghalaya TMC, the National General Secretary of AITC said, “Looking at the love, appreciation and support of the people, I can say that The NPP has won only 10 seats in Garo Hills.
They said that the lack of beef is due to the lack of beef in recent days.
He said that as soon as the OC shot him, the two women who accompanied him fled the scene for fear that he might shoot them too.
Nongpoh: U Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA Mawhati Constituency, today inaugurated a road at Umsiang Maiong, a village on the border of Assam and Meghalaya. The road has been constructed of plastic at a cost of T.16,50,000 and implemented by LIC Umsiang Maiong.
Liverpool have 61 points, Manchester City 56, Tottenham Hotspur 54, Arsenal and Chelsea 47 points each.
Aizawl, November 04: The Zoram Peoples Movement (ZPM) has won the elections to the Mizoram Legislative Assembly by winning 27 seats in the 40-member Assembly. four members.
The decision was taken by three judges headed by Chief Justice Ranjan Gogoi.
On the reasons for contesting the upcoming MLA elections, Titos said his answer is that although the people have given him their trust, he has had to sit in the opposition.
Let Christmas be spiritual and meaningful according to its name or celebration.
She asked for clarification on the extension of the main office building whether there is such a work and how much has been spent on it and who has carried out the work.
The song was recorded at Michael Dhar Cottage Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla, Infant School for Little Angels and (L) Belma Kharshong Residency.
Tennystar R Marak (MCS) Addl Deputy Commissioner North Garo Hills was the chief guest to witness the finals. In the boys' category, Montfort Hr.Sec.School won the title by beating Resu Union Sec.School 3-1
“The public should not be deceived by the robbers through the phone in such cases,” said the SP. He said that in fact, the police have been announcing and informing the public every time. They shouldn't have been involved in such incidents but the people are still involved from time to time.
We’re second in terms of producing graduates in the pharmaceutical and biotech industries.
The World Health Organization (WHO) on Tuesday last month declared the virus a variant of interest (VOI).
Replying to the information from the MLA of Mawsynram, Bah HM Shangpliang that there is a delay in the release of the relief aid to the victims, the MLA said that there are more than 200 names. The BDO of Mawsynram has sent a letter to the Disaster Management Department but they have not yet released the money.
Sangma said the government has given free hand to MeECL to decide how to restore the remaining light bill whether it is from government offices, companies or The private sector, whether Ht or Lt, shall not decide whether to pay half or half.
He said that the NPP with 26 MLAs holds the key to the Secretariat and if it wins from Sohiong, the number will reach
At 11 o'clock, the Longdoh and the Wasan will distribute Klong Pyrnah to the Rong makers and Seiñraij Shnongs.
The exhibition was inaugurated by the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh in the presence of senior officials from the North Eastern Region. Agriculture Department from all over the states who came to take part in this exhibition.
There are times when a person himself does not understand the value of his life by destroying himself in many of the desires of life, especially when a person reaches the end of his life he is quick to take it away. he committed suicide.
The President of KSU Langkynma Unit, Samla Pius Marwein, said that since June, Nongkyllam village has been in darkness due to the loss of transformer.
On this day, 65 cases were registered under ABHA and 568 cases in OPD.
I entered the room where Kiang was with the help of the havildar of the 28th regiment to break the wall.
In your opinion, if many families do this, what will happen to the Khasi people? Do our daughters who have a position still feel comfortable marrying an illiterate Khasi man? Although there have been cases where Khasi women have had to marry men of equal rank! However, in many cases, if the woman has to go to the office while the man has to raise children or work, then You can't have that Jingngewpoh on the part of the Shynrang at any time.
Sima Deb, daughter of A Sutradhar, of 4th Furlong, Polo, Shillong, was illegally married to Shri Rajan Deb on 31st June, 2016 in the Hindu religion.
The training camp for the athletes will start from the 18th to the 29th of this month in Shillong.
The complaints were filed by Ma GR Bareh President NEIPF Wing EJH, Arky Lamare President HYC.EJH Lenningstar Rymbai President JSM, CB Michal Chyrmang President MPUF EJH, Julius Nongtdu President HNYF EJNC, Sambor Nongpoh: To promote the football industry and also to open up opportunities for youngsters who have the talent to play football to get the opportunity to express themselves to the public. The Pahamsyiem Sport & Cultural Club today opened the Invitation Football Tournament 2019 for the tournament. The tournament was held at the NSCA Mini Stadium, Pahamsyiem.
After this, they went to the Deputy Inspector of Schools Khliehriat Sub Division for assistance from Ma Wenly Pohshna, resident of Umkiang. That's why Bah W.Lyngdoh didn't paint.
The first meeting of the Forum was held on 10th June, 2019 in Agartala where various issues were discussed.
He said these groups would join hands with the JD(U) to strengthen Kumar.
The All India Chess Federation (AICF) election may have no candidates after only 15 candidates have registered for 15 posts.
There are other reasons why the Commission finds it difficult to do so.
The Mawlai Town Durbar which was held on the 23rd June 2015 by the unanimous consent of all the 15 Shnongs of Mawlai Pyllun has urged all the residents of Mawlai Pyllun to attend the 30th. On the 1st of June 2015, the “Durbar Bah of the Bri UHynniewtrep” will be held at Madan Polo at 11 pm.
It is to be recalled that Bah RR Makdoh was one of the leaders who was a strong supporter of the Congress party in the past years and it was after the resignation of Dr. DD Lapang from the Congress party along with The former Chief Minister has joined the NPP in
“You're a stupid person, don't you remember that I told you that he had a flower in his hand?” said Regan.
When asked why the HPC has not given a reply when the government has given it until the 10th of this month, Bah Sniawbhalang said the reason should be asked from the HPC, why it has not given a reply. answer and it is their duty to give the answer.
Leaders of KSU Khliehriat Circle and other members of the KSU Khliehriat Circle were also present on the occasion.
Noting that other State Governments have tried to achieve this but have not succeeded, he said, “We have a Minister of Education (Bah Lahkmen Rymbui) in charge and I have promised to support him for his visions for shaping the education sector in a positive way".
We were afraid when we heard the explosion of bombs and smoke and we saw from a distance the fire of a house,” said Samla M Shylla.
This comes after the player is still undergoing treatment for his injury.
There is nothing higher in the world than love and kindness.
Besides, Bah SD Khongwir is also one of the leading politicians since Meghalaya got its own state.
Conrad said that since July this year, five people have applied for license to set up casinos and three have received a Provisional License in October for only six months.
The children of Israel did not know anything about this, but until Jesus grew up and the time came for him to come and visit Jerusalem as the king of Israel.
According to Das's family, his body will be taken to Bihar for rituals.
Dilseng K Sangma, one of the arrested members of the ANCA, said that they used to buy their weapons from Dimapur, where they had to pay a high price and it was difficult to transport them to the country. Garo Hills.
The KSU said that the power outage also happened during the examinations of the school children.
In reply, Nongthymmai scored 150 runs in 33.3 overs.
There is no one who is wise enough to talk about the sorrow of the fire, let us talk here and the matter, which is Upper Shillong, is no longer recognized; nights from 11am to 5pm; then it goes down from 9pm to 11pm and beyond that, we don't have a head to count; however, it is 13.14 hours a day.
At the same time, the MLA also congratulated the Seinraij Jowai and Sabhamuswang for allowing the Jowai Municipal Board to set up these recovery centers and invited the private sector and others. to start such centers by following the example of Umpling village which has become a source of employment opportunities for the residents.
It is on this basis that a website called Aifindz has been launched which can be found by visiting www.aifindz.
Vieussens' disease is the most common and rare disease and is caused by a malfunction of the blood vessels on the left and right sides of the heart.
It is not a demonstration of works but a mere speech.
The award was received by the Mission Director of the National Health Mission (NHM), Meghalaya, Ramkumar S (IAS) and Dr. Rilynti Lyngdoh, Jt.
According to the inspection, there are only 56 beds in the district, 50 beds in Mawkyrwat and 6 beds in Ranikor Civil Sub Division.
Regarding the delay in the completion of the road, the Union has requested the government and the leaders to intervene and order the contractor to expedite the construction, so that it will be easier for them. residents of the area, he added.
Defense Minister Amit Shah witnessed the raid on Gangja via live video at the Regional Meeting on Drug Trafficking and National Security held in Guwahati, Assam. The meeting was also attended by the Prime Ministers, Chief Secretaries and Directors General of the North Eastern States.
Many government departments such as the DC office including the Election Branch, Supply, Revenue, Planning, Basin Development, Social Welfare, District Child Protection, Sports, Treasury Officer, Excise, IPR, Tourism, Border Area, Mining and other government departments currently operating in private homes.
Dimapur: The National Socialist Council of Nagalim (NSCN-IM) on Tuesday said that the flag given by God is irrefutable for social peace. and the Nagas or what they say “God given Naga Nation Flag”.
The CEO said that Meghalaya is in the first phase of the elections where it will go to the counting of votes on the 19th of June while the counting of votes will be held at on the 4th of July.
According to the Minister, there is no shortage in the supply of petrol and diesel into Meghalaya and therefore the people should not worry.
Rambrai Syiemship, West Khasi Hills.
This temptation comes from the friends, who go to school or work. There are friends who are older and more intelligent who deceive and deceive those who get in their way.
“The MP election is difficult to predict, even if we have done it but we don't want to share it, there is no point in just doing it,” she said.
“The state government should have turned to other areas to reduce the expenditure within the government itself, where the state government through the people's money goes to pay the committees, commissions which do not "Lerkam," said Bah Synrem.
Women should be careful of such tricks.
Know that if we lose our land, we lose our country because the country lives within the boundaries given by our ancestors.
Shillong, June 17 : Hundreds of virgins and young women from all over the villages and townships have come to take part in the Shad Lyngdoh of the Raid Wahkhen which was held on Sunday at the Shad Ground at Wahkhen in a very calm manner.
In a statement, the BJP said, “We demand that the government should immediately set up a Fast Track Court to expedite the trial of those who have suffered violence and also to punish those who have suffered violence. who are involved”.
M.T) which brought the government's work closer to the farmers by phone.
The court also criticized the transportation of stones outside the state and the mining of sand from the rivers.
Therefore, it will pay the employees with the income from these shops, not just to say that there is no need to set up shops.
Shillong, Naitung 11: The World Population Day was celebrated at the Soso Tham Auditorium in Meghalaya today. The celebration was organized by the Directorate of Health. Services, Meghalaya where the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek was the chief guest.
Daniel Maney, Union Negotiation Officer for Wales, told reporters yesterday that all members and employees have no choice but to They have brought this mass protest to shout and demand that the government should grant them their rights and demands.
Nongpoh, Lber 22: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has expressed its deep concern over the lack of development works by the Meghalaya government. ), Sengkmie on the first day of the month visited the border villages and expressed her concern that the people are being neglected in terms of development works.
I totally agree with this article.
Kharkrang said that earlier, police had received a surprising tip that the same incident had happened to the child.
“I have to tell you because if I don't speak you won't know, if I speak you will say that I am good. kob so that you can tip.
According to the parents of the deceased, on the evening of Sunday, their children came home happily and said that they had eaten pork which had been cooked in the house. you page.
Pakistan, which is currently severely affected by the governance crisis and financial crisis, has started preparations for the General Elections with a meeting of the regarding the election activities conducted by the leader of the group where they discussed the issues related to the arrangements for the conduct of the elections in a smooth and orderly manner. to be done this year.
The opening ceremony was attended by BDO of the area, Ma Damuthimi Lyndoh, Headmaster of the school, Babu Anthony Pohrmen, Engineer Jiang Hat Bareh, teachers of the school and others. the leaders of the school.
He first attended the Lower Primary School in his village.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) today will take a decision to strike at the Executive Committee meeting of the party tomorrow.
It is worth mentioning that in all these meetings, the speakers talked about how man has destroyed the environment and what other measures can be taken to beautify the environment once again as it has been. be in the old days that it may be a blessing and a good thing for man himself.
Thus, when there is a third heaven, there is also a second heaven, and there is also a first heaven, which is also the firmament of the heavens.
There was a mother from Mawhati Constituency who suffered from a child.
Regarding the demand for a Karbi MDC in KHADC and a Khasi MDC in KAAC, the AMKA has appealed to the higher authorities, whether within the government. Explaining about the commitment of the AMKA leaders to bring peace and stability, the AMKA leader said that as a The Karbi Association, although we don't publish in the media, but from time to time and whenever there are attacks on the Khasi living in Block I and Block II, they go to discuss and complain to the Karbi Association. The KAAC also demanded that they should treat the Khasi living in Karbi Anglong, as the Karbi living in Meghalaya are not treated well by the Khasi.
“Therefore, they have not yet experienced the elections in Garo Hills on the TMC ticket so I expect him to count well otherwise he may lose himself,” said Dr. Kharlukhi.
According to the Minister, she will visit to discuss the issue of the results of the Diploma of Elementary Education (D.EL.ED) examination conducted by NIOS. The teachers have demanded that the results of the Diploma in Elementary Education (DELED) examination for the year 2013-14 should be corrected.
The JAF will be headed by Shnalad Rymbai as Chairman and President JSM ER, Vice Chairman Skhembor Shadap as President SBYWA, Working Chairman John Pala as President JYF EJHDU. General Secretary of SBYWA and Asst.Secretary of NEIF-SEBR.
On the other hand, the residents expressed their gratitude and congratulations to the MDC for taking care of their welfare.
George urged the farmers to inform him if there are any farmland that the officers have not visited.
Speaking to reporters, KYKWM leaders including Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat President, Dapherborn N Suchiang General Secretary, Bichar Shylla Vice President, Oriland Shylla Treasurer and Hunbeit Dkhar Assistant General Secretary spoke to reporters. Chilliangraij on Tuesday expressed their gratitude to the Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills for issuing a notice to ban the use of multicolored plastic and disposable plastic items under the Plastic Waste Management (Amendment) Rules, 2021, which prohibits the manufacture and stocking as well as sale from 1st May
He said that according to the report, 3,216 men and 32 women have been detected in Shillong, East Khasi Hills District.
Lydia said and went back to the living room.
Regarding the applications for citizenship under the CAA, there are only 3 applications in the state but these are not legal because here in Meghalaya it has been released.
He said that according to the statement of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, the government will proceed smoothly to hold the elections.
Giri Prasad said that many precious lives have been lost due to the lack of following the rules of driving and to reduce this tragic incident due to improper driving rules, the The purpose of this film is to educate the public about the rules of driving.
In this regard, the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan and the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma have sent their condolences to the people of the state.
Shillong, June 04: The Governments of Meghalaya and Assam will soon launch the second phase of talks to resolve the border dispute in the remaining six areas including the Block. -I and Block-II. This was announced by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, when asked whether the governments of the two states will wait for the approval of the Parliament on the Memorandum of Under Standing (Mou). ) signed in New Delhi on 29 October to resume the second phase of the talks.
Melanopsin is responsible for changing the clock in the body after 40 minutes of exposure to bright light, and in bright light there is an influence on the hormone melatonin, which is involved in sleep.
However, to conclude that the group has risen is not right because it is necessary to verify whether the information is correct or not,” he said.
Speaking to media, GHADC Staff Leader Mark Flaming said that the decision to hold an indefinite strike has started from today. days and will continue until they receive their demand.
Shillong, Jymmang 18 : The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has expressed its satisfaction with the announcement by the Prime Minister that the peace talks between the three groups will start in July
He served as the Symbud Parish Priest in Ummulong Parish for three years.
Application for these posts can be made only through the official website of www.megpolice.
In Britain, the existence of monarchy is one of the richest traditions that Britain still holds and is proud of.
If we don't take immediate action while there is still time, the time will come when there will be a terrible water shortage, especially in this dry season when the sky is very dry. Why, the whole reason is because you don't accept that you don't have a lot of spirituality.
This has benefited the area as there is no Training School for Nurses in that area.
Reports said that if the NPP had accepted Bah Banteidor and Bah Gavin, the NPP candidates who contested the last MLA election would have had to sit down.
We have experienced promises and lies as well.
Like Paul, he associates himself with missionary work.
They are the Sadducees, the Pharisees, and the hypocritical elders.
“Police have been deployed in all the prohibited areas so that anyone who passes by will be arrested and fined according to the law,” said the SP of East Khasi Hills. Bah Kharkrang.
The VPP was created not just for political or political purposes, but for policy purposes.
They have hidden the truth,” said Minister Shanpru and added, “When we count, the sale of the land on Mawpat Hill is not less than T.1 crore”.
It is difficult to explain why this heritage has become so valuable.
“The State Government has instructed the Chief Secretary to create the necessary arrangements and soon we will be able to file an affidavit to the Meghalaya High Court so that the recruitment in various posts will not be affected,” he said. Prestone told reporters.
Dhar said the party will soon take a decision on the upcoming elections to the KHADC and JHADC. for the division of the constituencies under the jurisdiction of the two ADCs in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
The Kur Lamare Pyllun Jaintia Hills on Tuesday launched the Constitution of the Kur Lamare at a meeting held at Tpeppale Square, Jowai.
Regarding the congestion of Shillong, he said that there are many places allocated for parking and setting up of land vendors.
Please understand that the Independent Candidate is only responsible for how and when he or she will be elected.
MK Stalin is the son of former Tamil Nadu Chief Minister M Karunanidhi, who named his son Joseph Stalin.
With this victory, SLFC has moved up and is now equal to Malki SC on four points but is ahead in terms of goal difference of -4 to -5
However, 5,000 to 10,000 people have been cut off from electricity.
In a statement, Champion demanded that the government and police should punish those involved and investigate the incident immediately and punish those involved according to the rules of law.
I am surprised and I have many questions. I condemn the shooting of any person or persons.
" said Bah WT Rymbai President of FKJGP-Khliehriat Circle.
They were rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongstoin for treatment.
SHILLONGU Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, while welcoming the two PDF MLAs to the party, said that the NPP has opened the door for other political parties to come. connect.
They say that if elected they will bring about a clean governance but the words they speak and the deeds they do have not been clean from the beginning, because to accuse others without evidence without proof is wrong. We as the RDA promise to bring about a clean governance is one of the things I will do if I win as your MP and That is, in each district we will appoint the leading groups of the people to look after my MP schemes and I promise that there will be no mistakes anywhere, I don't blame I don't blame anyone. Therefore, the honorable elders are not the honor and dignity of us as elders to blame the language of the thylliej because at one time we Khasi Khara and Hynniewtrep people had to stand together on one day to Protect our country and nation,” said Robertjune Kharjahrin.
Visitors to this traditional Khasi Culture Festival will have the opportunity to visit all these buildings which are made of stone, wood, siej, tyra and syllei, u traw. , the leaves of the tree, the shrubs and the branches.
In the second innings, Mewankitbok M Kharpuri scored 7/7 and Thakuria 3/1
The groups said they are determined to provide the necessary medicines and medical supplies and are working to develop a vaccine to cure the disease.
According to the Enforcement Team of KHADC, on the day of the inspection of Trading Licenses of foreign shops, it was found that many shops of foreigners do not have Trading Licenses. The group has sent a showcase notice to the owners of these shops.
Shah's reply was to a question by NCP member Supriya Sule on the absence of Farooq Abdullah in the House today. He admitted that Farooq was at home and was not arrested and said the government could not bring him back with a gun.
On this occasion, the Chief Electoral Officer strongly warned the General Secretaries for signing and responsible for the dissemination of these news.
The elders of the village, through the Pynursla Block, want the government authorities, through the Pynursla Block, to provide assistance to these refugees and to give them time to clean up their houses before the to send information to the Block.
Shillong, Nailur 19 : U HSPDP MLA and Minister in the State Government, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar on Monday urged all political parties to refrain from doing politics on the border issue.
The tournament was organized by the Meghalaya Boxing Association in collaboration with the Boxing Federation of India and supported by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
The incident lasted for about 17 minutes, when the robber, dressed in military uniform, shot at the people who were fleeing from the temple and opened fire on them. your gun.
The age limit for the trial for girls is under 15 years and the age limit is for those born on or before 01/09/2009 to 31/08/2
Sonia was taken to the hospital at 5 pm and is under the care of Dr. Arup Kumar Basu, one of the doctors who specializes in rheumatoid arthritis. and breathe.
The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) has approved the blueprint prepared by the State Government regarding the relocation of 342 households from Them Metor to the existing land of the Shillong Municipal Board. SMB), and there are recommendations that need to be addressed in several areas.
After the majority party in the opposition and the party with the largest number of members in the Legislative Assembly joined forces, the parties in the opposition coalition are the Congress and the CPI-M.Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today slammed the opposition MLAs who have been criticizing the government for taking money when they refuse to listen to the reasons and grounds in the House. council.
While the contractor who is entitled to the 50 km road has left the road, another company is working to complete it now despite facing some difficulties in its construction.
The President arrived at Tezpur Air Force Station in Assam to take the occasion as the third President and the second woman President to fly a fighter jet.
Goyal said that in order not to disrupt the work of the people, MeECL has expedited the repair of the damage as soon as possible despite the power outage during the construction.
German Sports Minister Nancy Faeser has said that the sports industry of foreign sports should strongly condemn Russia's attack on Ukraine without any conditions. are uncertain.
“Bah Edward is not yet qualified to hold this post.
“If there is any party that is willing to resolve the border issue, it is the NPP and I promise you that if the NPP can form a government alone after the elections, the government will move forward to resolve the border issue. The border with Assam,” said Conrad.
Shillong, July 20: The Meghalaya State Committee of the Meghalaya State Committee on Thursday announced the list of 10 candidates for the upcoming Assembly elections. It will be held on the 27th of June in the State.
Shillong, November 17: The 29th State Karate Championship ended on Saturday with the winners of the 29th State Karate Championship. two categories, Male and Female.
Sabahmuswang beat Nangbah Iawmusiang 1-0 in the last minute of the First Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
If the government doesn't recognize the Khasi-Jaintia, it will also recognize the Garo Hills.
When asked whether it is true that he will contest from the Congress party, Les said that talks with the Congress party are still ongoing but he has not yet taken a decision. decision" he said.
On the occasion, the Chief Minister announced a grant of T.20 lakh from the Chief Minister's Special Development Fund for the construction of the school building.
Only the seven teams that top the table and three teams that come second will reach the final round.
Therefore, if someone says that the Khasi villages on the border with Assam from Khanapara to Mawtamur including the entire western Ri-Bhoi could leave for Assam, the Meghalaya government should think seriously about that before it is too late.
She said that the foreigner has issued a stay order to the owner of the shop. She said that she has been arrested until a decision is taken by the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima. This foreigner has been doing this until she has received the documents from the District Court and the Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
When the match continued in the second half, the match became more intense and both the teams played each other to score.
For out of the heart proceed evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, fornications, thefts, false witness, blasphemies: and many other things defile a man" Matthew 15:12-1
In the second half, the game became more intense as both the teams struggled to score a goal which caused the spectators to cheer.
In her speech, she said that in these days many of the deceivers and deceivers are people who have trained themselves through computers to deceive and deceive the people by they use the Internet to deceive people.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prestone said that the government will work closely with these three District Councils.
The reporter who passed by the scene was surprised to see that there were blankets and small clothes on the rocks. good.
Police have arrested Pabitra Debbarma, 36, from Kamalghat, West Tripura.
In the 10th minute, Jerimon scored in the 46th minute while Simion Siangshai scored the last goal in the 52nd minute and GBHSSJ won 3-0
Steps have also been taken to assist the people affected by the incident and the army is still fighting to maintain peace and order in the state.
“This incident happened after some private persons tried to smuggle weapons to Bangladesh, and the BSF seized them. At that time, the BSF fired four times in the air to disperse the crowd,” he said.
This incident led to the death of the occupants of the vehicle.
He said the government would implement a stronger law than the Inner Line Permit System of Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulations
When asked who supports him in this election, Bah Warjri said that people who have the spirit to help donate money for the filling of fuel and other expenses without thinking of getting. something.
We demand that the Government should implement a Welfare Scheme for us,” said Kong Nongkhlaw.
“We are surprised that the government has allowed these companies to set up factories when the people cannot afford to mine coal,” said the EJNC. On the other hand, the DC of EJH Hills has taken note of this and promised to appoint a Magisterial Inquiry to find out the truth.
Others who attended the meeting included Rev PS Vaichei, Field Secretary, Arunachal Mission Field, LT Gothang, Secretary, Myngor Church.
They are the Church. The Holy Period means the longest interval since Jesus Christ came into the world.
All the people of the country want India to be free from the slavery of the authorities.
A total of 3894 participants from more than 200 universities participated in the KIUG in 20 sports including traditional sports like Mallakhambabad Yogasana.
For the time being, school children and hostel students will stay at home and teachers will take care of the children and after a month they will resume classes.
The President of MeFilMA said that the upcoming Film Festival will feature other Bollywood stars.
Dzhumaev Marat (Uzbekistan) defeated Bhoopnath (Bihar).
Not only that, the union has also learned that as the examination is approaching, the school principals and teachers cannot refuse to ask for rooms from private homes and Anganwadi Centers to accommodate the children. .
The union has already met with the BDO to explain the role and to order the contractor to complete the construction of these houses, as according to the agreement and the time does not match, said the union leaders.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Arts & Culture Department of the State Government has set up a training center for traditional music which started several years ago.
“When the committee was set up to listen to the concerns of the MDCs, that was only in name.
Thousands of people in the constituency have come to Rio in the hope that he will win again for the third time. the candidates who came out to contest.
In the tournament, the athlete finished second in the second round at the Silverstone Race Circuit.
The President of the BJP, Shibun Lyngdoh, in the presence of Sing Mulieh, President of the Scheduled Tribes and In Charge of the East. Jaintia Hills MDC Violet Lyngdoh, Rymbai District Dolloi Elias Swer and other dignitaries.
Let the family strengthen Even in the midst of many trials and struggles.
Expressing his satisfaction with the construction of the road, the Minister recalled the importance of the road for the State and the residents.
It is highly suspected that the man was killed by unidentified robbers as the signs of the incident showed that he was stabbed with a sharp weapon from the chest and other parts of the body. he.
Ryntih SC are looking forward to their first victory after beating Mawlai SC in their opening match before losing to Mawlai SC in the third round. Shillong Lajong earlier this month, and won this match against Nongthymmai.
“The employees will be given land only if the government has land. There is no need to provide separate accommodation for them because the government has not yet been able to provide special accommodation for other employees working in other countries. Departments, in other Civil Sub Divisions even officers should get separate accommodation, so why shouldn't we provide separate accommodation for those field officers and the government should provide rent allowance for them to seek. I'm sorry,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
I'm slow Bah ArdentI'm slow Ri Khasi.
In a statement, Lyngdoh said that during these meetings, the top leaders have authorized him to go to every village to set up polling booth committees and If he has formed about 25 polling booth committees, he will be given the ticket to contest the current MLA election from Nongstoiñ Constituency.
This year's anniversary is special because it coincides with the victory of the land vendors in their lawsuit for the implementation of the Central Act on land vendors.
Don't worry, here are some tips on how to dress for a party.
City police said that on 21st January, a woman (who did not want to be named) received an SMS on her mobile phone from a man named Kelvin William from the UK (UK) informing him that he would send goods. to her and had to pay T.3 lakh.
In his speech, he congratulated the Jaintia Eastern College for its efforts to organize such a program which will provide information to many especially to the students and also to the community.
The East Jaintia Hills District (EJNC) has immediately visited many villages in East Jaintia Hills District including Sutnga District, after discovering the construction of coke factories. Umtyra and Bataw area have expressed their opposition to the impact on the environment.
Similarly, politics and religion must go hand in hand to bring about a clean and transparent government.
He said that at present, the court has not allowed to open the gates on the highway without permission from the Deputy Commissioner's office and the National Highway authorities.
This is my view on the leaders of this constituency and I also request the people that in the coming year we should not elect leaders who promise without jobs. now they are not clean.
He said that the Seng is deeply concerned about the government's behavior especially in this regard, as it is an important part of the youth.
Guwahati, Jymmang 04: The President of India, Ram Nath Kovind, today attended the 61st Annual Conference of the Bodo Sahitya Sabha in Tamulpur, Assam.
The woman was identified as Ebormi Wann, 42, and her two-year-old son.
Recalling that on 12th June this year, he had given time to the Government to do something on its own, he said that due to the issue of appointment led by the VPP leader. , Bah Ardent M.Basaïawmoit, had to stop because this is more important for the youth of the State.
Sangma said it is necessary to review the curfew and to look into the condition of the areas in the respective areas and this is very important for the condition of the state.
As we used to say that the farmers are the budlum of the country and the nation, I want the Government to take action to help and lend a hand to the farmers so that you can see those. True farmers and I believe that these words spoken by our Symbud Myntri Rangbah will not come true in the State.
“I think you understand this but you see that we have sat the first round of peace talks.
When they publish any news, they don't give the news from both sides and if they give, from one side (which is the side of the Khasi), they write in such a way that “I don't know if I'm wrong or not,” said KSU General Secretary Donald V. Thabah.
Conclusion of the statement of the Madonna Diversity Cultural and Modern Society.
They are businessmen like Mukesh Ambani and Gautam Adani to name a few.
According to the PTI, about 10,000 leaders and members of the party have been arrested and detained since January this year, especially after the clashes and attacks on the shlem works that you can guard.
He was a football star in Allahabad and Mumbai.
The PMGKAY Supply Department has already released this rice to all the wholesalers for delivery to the FPS centers from 20th April, 2020 to 30th April,
The puh shilum vehicles have been working all night to clear the ground and stones so that the vehicles can pass through the highway.
The Mizoram Government in the past few days has admitted that it is still waiting for a reply from the Assam Government on the issues related to the land issue of the Assam Government in relation to the border between the 2 states.
When asked about the robbers in Khanduli, Hazarika said how can we identify the robbers when they live here but the robbers remain robbers.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The FKJGP Lachumier unit has urged the various Dorbar Shnongs (DS) in the Hynniewtrep Hills to take action to investigate the foreigners who come to work or stay in their villages.
Replying to a question raised by the Mawlai MLA on MUDA, Bah Hamlet said, “I will convene a meeting of the Autonomous District Council, the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep ( SNSBH) on this matter.
On the other hand, it will produce or remind contractors which is especially true for contractors who are slow to work.
This evening, the Meghalaya delegation met with Bangladeshi traders in Sylhet.
Thousands of residents of these two countries have become homeless and without food and drink in these days.
Poonam sustained serious injuries and was rushed to Civil Hospital Shillong.
He said that about 40 people have been abducted in this incident but only 10-15 of them have been charged with involvement in the stone throwing, injuring the police.
Na U Ma Enrico D Pasi, Chairman Election Committee.
In Meghalaya, we really need a national party.
In 2012, the then Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma created 100 districts in the state, which has stirred up critics against him.
The Minister of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah Lawrence Basaiawmoit and Bah Bill Richmond Marbaniang, Former Chief Superintendent of Police of Meghalaya, have expressed their gratitude to the doctors and nurses who have been willing to take time off from their busy schedules. Doctors from NEIGRIHMS, 2 Doctors from Civil Hospital Mairang, 4 Sisters Holy Cross Mairang, 1 Doctor from Nongstoin CS Office and 1 Retired Female Doctor. More than 400 people came for check-up and medicine.
“When they go to the office they should write in Khasi and non-Khasi officers should understand our language when they come to work here while we have to do it when we go abroad,” he said.
The BJP has expressed its determination to fulfill the promises of the Central Government and in all the states and now it is time for Meghalaya to experience what they deserve to grow and develop under the rule of the BJP government. He urged the people not to be bought for the future of the state by the empty promises of the Congress.
She said that the eldest son has times when he feels sad and depressed when his brother leaves home.
In addition, the State Government has now implemented the rules and regulations to monitor and review the mining of minor minerals in the State. The Meghalaya Mineral Concession Rules 2016 stipulates that those who engage in quarrying, mining must have a Quarry Permit, Mining Lease and Environmental Clearance under the provisions of the Environment Protection Act. 1986.
It also has many benefits that you should never ignore.
After submitting the names of the beneficiaries, the government will wait for the approval of the central government to implement it immediately,” the government said.
Instead of foreigners, allow locals and state residents to work.
The winners of the senior men's and women's category will also take part in the senior IFMA World Muaythai Championship to be announced by the IFMA. Dauni Nongrum in the 54kg category and Skhemborlang Marwein in the 57kg category.
Capsule Courses for SMEs The lack of technical knowledge of quality control staff is one of the challenges faced by factories when striving to obtain/implement BIS licences.
Taiwan has joined the United States and other countries in strongly opposing Russia's invasion of Ukraine, in which all countries have imposed sanctions and ended relations. work with Russia since the beginning of the war last year.
However, the surprising thing is that the Prime Minister, who used to shake hands with the CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, admitted that he has already talked to the CEM of KHADC on this issue.
“We have already lodged a complaint with the DGP but he has not yet called us to take a statement,” she said.
Police, ambulances and fire trucks rushed to the school on receiving information about the incident. time is right.
Because our state is rich in mineral resources such as coal, Mawshun, Mawlein and others especially uranium.
Ribhoi has 10 cases, 6 cases in South West Khasi Hills and 16 cases in West Jaintia Hills.
“It is difficult to explain and difficult to understand how the roster will work but in a day or two a notification will come out and you will understand how it will work,” he replied when asked whether it will work backwards or forwards.
“So, where are you going to school?” she asked.
Sachdeva said the Feedback Unit regularly provides information to Prime Minister Arvind Kejriwal and is ordered to collect information on opposition groups of the AAP, media groups. , commercial properties, among many others.
The award was presented by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, MLA/MDC Mawsynram Constituency.
“27.
"But when we look at the problems of teachers in the state today, the question is what is the government giving to our teachers?"
Police have seized 92 tins containing 99.22 grams of heroin, 51 empty tins and 13 soap boxes used to smuggle heroin. , a mobile phone and heroin.
Opportunities for women, persons with disabilities and backward sections of societyThere are many job openings in the field of electric vehicles.
The meeting was attended by the Minister of Social Welfare, Kyrmen Shylla, Sutnga Saipung MLA, Shitlang Pale, Ryntihlang Rapthap, IAS Secretary, Principal of Jaintia Eastern College. .
The Congress has strongly warned its Rajasthan leader Sachin Pilot over yesterday's strike and said his actions are against the party's policies.
The 50th Anniversary celebration was also attended by Sports Minister Shakliar Warjri, Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla, WJDSA office bearers, school children and other invitees.
Leverkusen have beaten Benfica's record of 49 wins between 1963 and
Out of five matches this season, Kick Start Academy has won only twice including today.
the new “Ri” should not be used.
“Most of the vehicles and two wheelers are parked on the side of the road, sometimes when driving on the road they also struggle to stand forward, this increases the traffic jam and causes traffic jam,” he said. to Deputy Commissioner.
The RDA doesn't care even if there are many candidates in the election because its goal is to win the victory of its candidate,” said Kyrmen.
Khliehriat Police have arrested two more drug traffickers from Manipur in Shillong. in the raid on the 18th of this month.
At present, the authorities and police are conducting a search operation for the doctor and the suspect.
He said that he treats all kinds of diseases and among the thousands of patients who came to him, most of the patients were suffering from Typhoid, Gastric, TB and others. types of diseases, which he can treat.
The arrival of Calum Scott has brought the city's reputation as the city of Rock Music.
When we turn to the youth of Meghalaya, we cannot sit idly by without thinking for them.
The JAC took this decision at a meeting held today at the Auditorium Hall of the Ri Bhoi West Presbyterian Umsning Nongthymmai.
Furthermore, the feeding system for the patients is inadequate and the number of patients is still very low compared to the needs of the CHC to provide services to the public, along with other needs.
“The plan to mine uranium in Meghalaya has been canceled since the Congress rule under the leadership of Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2016,” he said.
Police sources said that the wife of Bah Mawlong, who is also the mother of the child, has lodged a complaint with the police and alleged that in the morning her husband raped her daughter at home. their right.
The love of Mother Nature is not only on the occasion of World Environment Day, but it should enter and be in our hearts and lives every day : KSU Mawlai Circle.
The Bishop of Jowai Diocese, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, congratulated the Sisters who have worked hard to make these masks voluntarily and also congratulated the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills. Garod LSN Dykes who helped to donate the clothes through the Department of District Industries Centre.
The North East Institute of Ayurveda and Homeopathy (NEIAH) has announced on its website and also in the Employment News, Delhi, the vacancies at its office in Mawdiangdiang.
He said that without the ILP, Hindus who came from Bangladesh would have become Indian citizens only after five years.
The reports of the various committees and the secretary of the elaka were received at the meeting.
Perhaps man cannot reach worlds that are hundreds of years away, to other worlds that are beyond the light of the Mother – us, but the brave soul of man he has revealed that he will not stop what he can do.
Speaking as the chief guest, the President said that the empowerment of women in social, economic and political affairs is essential for the achievement of the country's objective of long advanced before 2047.
R North (Dahisar) has one house, C (Marine Lines) has two, B (Dongri) and A (Colaba, Fort and Churchgate) had three houses.
“Hundreds of uniforms have been seized and daju have been sent to collect them from the District Council but they have opposed this proposal of the Council, and it has ended.
An earthquake measuring 5.2 on the Richter Scale struck North Garo Hills, Meghalaya on Tuesday evening, affecting neighboring areas including Assam.
Visitors should wear masks and observe social distance.
All the residents of Barapathar Village, in his speech through Bah Soni Nongtri, Rangbah Shnong, said that the residents of Barapathar Village, want to complete the Top Um, so that the people can They also expressed their voice that the Meghalaya government should talk to the Assam government not to disrupt the development works and that this is the intention. The construction of the Top Um should also go smoothly, so that it will provide convenience to the people in the village.
India has now reached the 100th position in the world rankings released by FIFA on Friday.
“Your murder,.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Rambrai area have demanded that the government should improve the roads in the area, especially the road from Rambrai to Mawlangsu which passes through Phudumbah, Domkohmen and other villages.
What has shocked and worried the village authorities, is the rude behavior of the tourists in the area, where they have thrown away the bottles of alcohol, plastic, food bags and other garbage, which has been thrown away. It has affected the cleanliness of the morning and the cleanliness of the village as if no one is looking after this area which is still within the boundary of Pyllun Village in Umiam.
He said that the Khasi Authors' Society since its inception, has taken one goal to preserve the Khasi language especially to develop it in the field of literature.
Three grams of heroin and T.360 cash were recovered from the prisoner, said Bah Buam. He added that the prisoner was brought from Nongpoh to Shillong.
Ian said that all these four children have only 20 days to prepare themselves for the National Games, but it seems that the challenge has appeared to them because they don't have After the examination, Bah Ian said that the MSA will be ready to provide training or coaching to them.
The Union Minister met with the Archbishop and Pastors of the Presbyterian Church as part of his visit to the state after being appointed as the BJP Meghalaya Superintendent. the election is coming.
Health services may need to be strengthened in areas where there is a need.
According to the report, the Governor will visit the market on 2nd March, which is the birthday of Mahatma Gandhi.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, is expected to convene a meeting soon after his return from New Delhi to take a decision on the amendment of the Meghalaya Catchment Areas Act, so that the government can take over the management of all the areas that should be used as water supply systems.
On the other hand, these market dwellers have complained about their suffering, because they have not been able to sit properly and have to close down. except for bread, they cannot sell it at a loss and only to buy and feed their relatives.
At the same time, the party strongly opposes the government for arresting Sengbhalang leaders like Kong Agnes Kharshiing, Anthony Kharbuli, who were involved in the demand for ILP, and also investigating other Sengbhalang leaders.
Shillong: The Congress MLA from East Shillong, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has decided to contest the MDC elections next year if there is no legal restriction.
Speaking at the meeting, Prestone Tynsong, National Vice President of the party, said he joined the NPP from the Congress in 2018 because of Purno Sangma.
On 26th June, the book 'Christ Parichay' written by Ganesh Savarkar, brother of Hindu leader VD Savarkar, was released.
The meeting has been postponed to the 13th of this month and the JAC has urged the truck owners and transporters to stay until the 13th.
The opposition has spoken out against the meeting after the government did not specify what provision is proposed to amend the 6th Scheduled and sought clarification from the government.
The meeting was held a day after the Supreme Court ordered the CM to look into the parts of the land in Punjab that should be allocated for the construction of the SYL. Channel.
The court which is without the temple of God leave out, and measure it not; for it is given unto the Gentiles.
He called their chief, Wiroj Poolsawatmongkol, 51, to help investigate what happened.
The venue of the match will be at the Basketball Ground of Mawlai Nongpdeng Village.
He said that the government intends to introduce Science and Commerce subjects in all Higher Secondary Schools and to increase and upgrade the secondary schools to Higher Secondary Schools especially in the rural areas so that the students can learn. They don't have to leave their village to come to Shillong to continue their studies.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Laskein Circle President Samla Balawan Suchiang said that the KSU Laskein Circle expresses its strong opposition to the Assam Government's plan to build a Police Outpost in the area which is still the land of the Assam Government. of Meghalaya.
“The Cherry Blossom Festival, Winter Festival and Meghalaya Festival will be held in Garo Hills this month and the purpose of these festivals is to promote tourism across the state. “We will see in the coming days according to the need and we will take a decision to conduct more such programmes,” he said.
Meanwhile, former NPP MLA James Pangsang K Sangma has filed a complaint against TMC Dadenggre MLA Rupa M Marak in the High Court. Notice to the defendants, and the hearing will be held on January 11,
They just write an FIR against their parents and after that it takes many years for the perpetrator to be punished.
On Thursday, Lumtong SC will play against WLOI & RCL at 10:30 pm.
However, it is said that these Syiems came from the East while the Mawrie came from the West at the time when there was only the Hima Shillong.
The residents also alleged that the BM does not understand the problems faced by the residents and does not come to the workplace and the residents also find it difficult to contact her for urgent matters because its approach is also different from other BMs visited.
In the past five months, the Taliban have captured many of the country's most prominent cities, including Mazar-e-Sharif, Logar province, Kandahar, Herat and 304 others. At least 10 people have lost their lives after a strong earthquake struck northern Haiti on Wednesday.
Jowai, Nailur 06: Star Cement Ltd, today donated sports equipment including jerseys, balls and boots to the athletes. of Mukhla Village Council.
At the same time, he confirmed Mikstar Marngar and Peter Marweing as Working Presidents.
Assam Police on Tuesday said that a Personal Security Officer (PSO) of the SP of Golaghat has committed suicide.
The Annexed Agreement mentions only three issues, which the Hima will be involved with the Government to address, Excise, Forest and Land and Water Rights. on the ground and in the water.
In the KHADC dorbar on 24th June 2015, the PDF, which is the Congress-led party, u Bah Sawkmie, is the leader and if he wins the election, He was supposed to be the Chief Executive Member of the party.
Psiar and Khanduli and
Regarding the withdrawal of complaints against HNLC leaders and members to the police, including the pardon, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, this can happen and that too depends on the HNLC. type of complaint.
After this, there was a short meeting where the chief speaker was the General Secretary of RSS Khasi Hills, Bah Pawnamshisha Khongsni.
Shillong: A tragic incident has happened last night, to the youths of the state, who were returning from Delhi, when they entered Bihar, they had to sit on the same train with the Dkhars from Bihar. .
Including Meghalaya, these eight states represent more than 29% of India's population and contribute about 30% to the country's GDP.
He advised him not to put too much pressure on himself when trying anything, but to accept it as the path to success.
He explained that the widespread use of pesticides in agriculture has led to another stage where many of the crops we cultivate are affected by various diseases caused by pesticides. -riang which is the main cause of disease and from insects that live in water or soil.
However, the Meghalaya government cannot immediately resolve the issue because the matter has reached the hands of the Government of India, and once it has reached the Central Government, the matter will be more difficult if it reaches the government. you are a politician.
There are also many local operators who can work better even for foreigners.
Assam is one of the 12 states of India.
Besides, when we send inquiries we don't allow them to investigate but we follow up with them to complete them quickly and this shows that the government wants to show that it is not a government that wants to hide but a clear and transparent government. people," said Conrad.
“The vehicle carrying the troops had just returned from Sibi after they had failed to patrol the area where various outdoor festivals were held and the police team was also intending to leave. “I went to Quetta, but this tragic incident against them happened,” said Agha Samiullah.
“The United Nations has awarded the government for introducing the Meghalaya Government's Digital Initiative.
Shillong Cricket Association-A scored 63 runs in 15.2 overs and Mansi Anand scored 25 runs.
However, the BJP will find it difficult to win MP seats. In Gujarat, the BJP will earn more than the Congress.
Let us look at these:-1) He ends the war:- Before this disease came to North East India, there were many bloodshed and wars, especially in this is your state.
LP school without informing the residents.
Jowai, Nailar 27: U Syrpailut Khonglam, 50, of Iooksi, West Jaintia Hills District, has been shot dead by his enemies. I couldn't recognize him.
Shillong, Nailur 5: Although he did not call for a meeting with the teachers who staged a protest, the Deputy Minister of Education, Dr RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that his door is open to those who want to meet.
In order for us the people to think twice before entering the area, we also request the Rangbah Shnongs to take responsibility for the village because many of the villages are very light and there are no people entering the area. KHUBLEI SHIBUN.They say that once you have read the words you speak or write, even if you take care of yourself, you will not be able to survive. , is valid forever; but sometimes it is not so.
The HYC members have handed over the foreigner to the Sadar Police Station and the women have lodged an FIR demanding that the police should punish him according to the rules of law.
Ardent said there is a violation of the Act but the Government does not want to accept that people who have not been covered by the Land Transfer Act have bought land in parts of Ri-Bhoi District.
The ships Gromkiy and Sovershenniy arrived at the Chinese port in Shanghai on Tuesday and are preparing to start the voyage with the authorities. the Chinese navy over the next few hours.
Shillong, July 4: The meeting of the Seng Kur Lyngkhoi on the 4th July 2023 at the Bishop Hall Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills District, was held in a smooth and peaceful manner.
On the NDPS Act, he said that the Act does not have strict provisions to curb drug users and traffickers.
All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) leader Mamata Banerjee has declined to say whom the TMC will elect as prime minister if the party wins a majority in the 2023 elections.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (CID), Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday issued a notice to the public that there are no cases of stealing money using the Aadhaar Enabled Payment System (AePS). The thieves use the Aadhar number to withdraw money without the knowledge of the owner of the account number.
“The KSU and JSU on 7th June, demanded that the state government should hold the NEET examination again for the students from Jaintia Hills after allegations of wrong questions in the NEET examination. The examination will be held on the 5th of this month.
However, the road from Umroi to Shilliang Um to Shillong-Mairang road is not closed.
Shillong, Nailur 12: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of education in the state, Dr. RC Laloo, on Tuesday said that the door of his office is open at any time when teachers want to talk.
Amanda Pakynteiñ was the chief guest and distributed the trophy to the winner.
Regarding this incident, the union strongly suspects that due to the increasing smuggling from India and Bangladesh, the criminals have been able to commit this act of violence who have intended to take the souls of our fellow citizens.
The KSU is pleased that the House should discuss this issue and should block the railway line until the ILP Act is passed in the state, at which time it will be resolved. On the problem of the people living on the border, the KSU said, “The Khasi people from time to time are being attacked and killed in the areas. border with the Assam government and other groups.
We are the National Party, we have to include all the regional parties because we are not like other parties, we will not accept them, we will accept them all when we run the country,” he said.
I don't have to criticize other issues, but I found that Bah GS Massar is a leader who is loved by the people and that is that he doesn't spend money at all during the elections, but his supporters (toi), they have organized themselves to provide for the needs of their respective villages or areas and there is no demand for money from the people, during these times to vote, except Please vote for us.
At present, the livelihood of the state and the nation is being destroyed.
Once the Dkhars are no longer afraid, their threats will disappear.
At this meeting, the Union of Chief Executive Members recognized the SCSA which has authorized it to be the only recognized Association of Contractors in Sohra from the Sohra Civil Sub-Division. it does not give stone, stone, shyiap, dewbilat and others.
“We are very grateful to God that we are citizens of India.
The government has decided to demolish the old ones and build new ones.
Therefore, the police should stand up and take a strong decision,” said Kong Ampareen, whose house was also damaged recently and an elderly man also entered her house with the intention of I don't take your life.
He said that it is very difficult to recruit these 10 Gram Sevikas in East Khasi Hills alone. “According to my information, most of the Gram Sevikas working in East Khasi Hills are very difficult. “They will retire after 10 or 15 years, now the question is how many years to extend the names of these candidates, when there is no job,” said Prestone Tynsong, Minister in charge of C&RD. He said the government cannot extend their names because it is illegal. “I feel that these young women who fought on the battlefield have already lost,” he said. state.
On the other hand, Bah BW Phira SE Pwd Roads Jowai Circle Jowai said that the construction of these two road projects including Amlarem-Pdengshakap-Muktapur with a length of 14.60 km worth Rs 22 crore has been funded by the Central Road. Infrastructure Fund and this money is collected from the people from the filling of petrol and diesel in India.
Nongpoh: Two passengers of a Scooty, were seriously injured when their Scooty collided with a truck parked on the NH-6 in Pahamrioh village.
Bah Gigur Myrthong MLA of Maweit area, urged the residents of Maweit area, to attend the foundation stone laying ceremony, as a sign of respect to the Prime Minister and Symbud Prime Minister, who have passed away. to complete the road which has been neglected for more than 50 years.
“I don't have that idea to join the NPP, I've always said.
Shillong, July 05: The HSPDP MDC from Nongstoin, Bah LG Nongsiej, has yet to comment on the party's allegations that he went to support the People Democratic Forum (PDF) in KHADC. The party will convene a meeting to discuss the issue.
The union expresses its deep sorrow over the incidents that happened in Sabuda village which falls under Block-II.
Otherwise, they shall be punished according to the law.
We need to approve this for the sake of the people of the state”.
Especially in democracy and in independent India where democracy is well established, the State or Central Governments cannot interfere or abandon the citizens.
When God chose Solomon to be king over Israel, Solomon asked for only one thing from God and that was to ask for an understanding heart to judge the people of Israel. judge thy people? 1 Kings 3:9
Under this campaign, a specially trained IEC van arrived at Ladthlaboh, one of the most famous markets in the area.
The search was also attended by residents of Mapao Khullen and Khongnangpokpi Kom.
On the other hand, the Syiem of Raid Marwet, said that the purpose of holding this public meeting, is to explain to the public about the plan to take over the land of the army and at the same time to find out the truth. The land was sold by several people.
But it was not good.
At the same time, the Minister said that these four vehicles have been handed over to the self help groups after the MTC has failed to operate them.
After a thorough discussion between the Syiem, the owner of the land and the leaders of the HNYF, they also decided to think carefully and if possible to move these Mawbynna and Signboard to another place. It is more beautiful and more spacious, because in the place where it is now, it has become crowded because there are no shops.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Riwar Mihngi Circle led by the President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Donaldson Pyngrope and General Secretary Samla Teibor Marbaniang today conducted an inspection to inspect the foreign workers. state in one of the mines in Pongtung village whether the documents are sufficient.
Wash your hands before and after eating or touching meat, fish to avoid infection and also avoid eating small foods, clean foods, milk and fresh foods as these can cause illness. also.
The event was inaugurated by the Head of Government Department, Mr. Frederick Roy Kharkongor.
With this implementation, the Assam Cabinet believes that the distribution of pylleng during the lunch period will increase the number of children attending school.
On this occasion, the opening match of the league for the 35 years old players was witnessed.
The Dorbar Shnong has strongly opposed the government's Immigration Act and demanded that the ILP should be implemented as demanded by the 14 Sengbhalang, in order to curb the influx of myndser into the state. .
Then Kiang Nangbah stood up and said, "All of you who are present here, please surround this thwei Syntu Ksiar, so that I can fall under it and take the tree with three branches. Kiang Nangbah fell to the bottom of it and for a while he got up again and carried in his hand the tree with three branches. Kiang and explained the meaning of that tree by saying:-1) The root is the Ri Khad-Ar Dolloi.2) The first branch is the spirit of patriotism.3) The second branch is 4) The fourth branch should be united.
Perhaps, this will be the biggest surprise Festival this year.
What is more shocking is that the mobile phone is also a human body part.
“It is a great achievement for the department because this service has been implemented again in 2019 with only one employee and you can imagine the achievement in the way of providing services,” said the Minister.
