There were 31 members or candidates who nominated for the five posts.
He said that on this complaint, police have registered a case under Nongpoh PS case No.124(11)2023 U/S 384/506/34 IPC at Nongpoh Police Station. At the notice.
I base this on the Gospel of John 15:5 where Jesus says, “I am the vine, ye are the branches...” There are two meanings here.
Nongpoh: A Dhup manufacturing company from Assam, Nandeeka Agarbati, through Rajdip Innovation Pvt.
After the seizure, the village handed over the drugs and the woman to the Rilbong Beat House police.
The arrested man was identified as Ishaq Ahmad Bhat.
The General Secretary of KHNAM, Bah F. Marpna said that the General Council will be held at Diman Hall, Jaiaw Pdeng (near Student Square) from 1 pm.
We hope to be able to provide this in a suitable topic later.
Roy Kupar Synrem, Vice Chairman CoMSO, said that the top demands and suggestions among others are that in Paragraph 12 A (b) of the Scheduled the word 'President' should be deleted and replaced by 'President' the word 'Governor' so that if there are any Acts of the Central Government which are not in accordance with the customs or traditions of our people, the power to repeal or amend such Acts or The rules will be in the hands of the Governor of the State and not in the President and this will facilitate the working methods and will also make it easier for us to make our voice heard as citizens.
Chyne said that at the meeting held today, many of the Hima have come to submit their documents, including the Hima Mylliem, Hima Rambrai, Hima Nongmynsaw. , Nongkhlaw Hima, Nongspung Hima, Sohiong Hima, Jirang Hima and due to unavoidable reasons, the Khyrim Hima from Nongtung Village in Mawhati Constituency have not been able to provide their documents within the stipulated time. on the first day they shall submit their documents.
To urge the Chief Minister to step down is unwise, because as it is now, the people of the Congress party and the people of the state have wanted him to step down like that. leader of the Opposition, concluded the statement.
The teaching you receive from this book is not the end, but the beginning of your journey.
Police have not yet confirmed in which fighting the GNLA seized the weapon but it has been confirmed that it was used by the police.
Therefore, the party expects that these MLAs of Ri Bhoi District will also speak to the government as the government has already appointed an Expert Committee on the implementation of the Reservation Policy and Roster System. For Ri Bhoi, 80% of the government posts should be allocated for the District Selection Committee, he added.
I'll tell you the truth, on the way I didn't know how to sit in the car and I just stood lynter lynter because I was so eager to see Shillong.
The exploitation and abuse of money, alcohol and other unfair practices just to win elections.
We are not all the same, no matter how much it affects the feelings of others.
It may be recalled that the East Khasi Hills Wine Dealers Association, Ri Bhoi Wine Dealers' Association and Hamsia Pariat have appealed against the government's order and have appealed to the High Court to intervene.
The actor gave her a pair of shoes made of piat.
The Central Government has informed the State Governments that the release of funds under the SNP will be only for those people who have Aadhaar.
After investigation, the union expelled all these foreign workers and sent them back to their place of origin without even allowing them to go to Balat.
On November 18, Ronaldo became famous again after trying to head the ball into the net at a height of 8.39 feet (2.56m) and beat the post in a 2-1 victory over Juventus. He scored his first hat-trick in Serie A on 6 July 2020, in a 4-0 victory over Cagliari.
He said that the state has the same goals and aspirations of the country, and Meghalaya has the hilly areas in difficult conditions and the scattered population which needs to provide health facilities from for TB in nearby areas.
Pynsuklang Khongwir, 38, has lost his life in an unknown blast inside his house at Lumkynsai village near Don Bosco. School in Smit, East Khasi Hills district.
Taking part in the meeting, Bah Adelbert Nongrum said that the KHADC should refrain from wasting the Council's funds.
Jowai, Lber 28: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held at the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) today. Kiang Nangbha Stadium.
Who doesn't respect the law?
He said the Government has already allocated nearly T.100 crore for the implementation of various development projects in the Chokpot area.
Like a car accident, there may be a death, there may be insufficient traffic lights or the person may be driving on the wrong side or for other reasons.
Amit Kumar said that the plaintiff should come to the public hearing and file his complaint against him at the same public hearing. More than 100 people will be allowed to take part after the first meeting, on the same day and at the same place, which means that the hearing will be held on the same day and at the same place. the people shall be a hundred at one time.
On the part of the chief guest, Mr. Arwotki Sumer, General Secretary Seiñraij and Mr. Sniawbhalang Rangad, Symbud Rangad, Chilliangraij Youth Committee, in their speeches, praised the youth committee. to bring about the welfare of the children of the wicked.
“However, unfortunately, the central government has not yet approved,” he said, adding that after trying to get information from the Ministry, he was informed that the reason is that the amount is too high. for Meghalaya, a small state.
Rising Star, who tied first, set a target of 168 runs for the loss of seven wickets.
About 1,241 people with similar customs of Mizoram groups from the Chittagong Hill Tracts in Bangladesh have already settled in Lawngtlai district.
Another committee headed by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has already submitted its recommendation to the government on this issue and the state government has put it first.
He encouraged the staff of the hospital to have a spirit of perseverance to bring about changes in the coming days.
These EMs have been appointed to look after their respective departments and according to the appointment, Bah Teinwell CEM will hold the General Administration, Forest Establishment, Legal Affairs and Appointment. and transfer activities and other agencies that are not occupied.
To ensure that these residents and to free the people from the hands of criminals to enter the state, in order to maintain peace and order, the District Task Force, is the mind this law.
He said that during the inspection it was found that there is a construction of the road and when inquiring from the road workers it was found that the contractor is from Meghalaya.
Also present on the occasion were MLA Winnerson D Sangma, Co-Chairman of the State Planning Board Ian Botham K Sangma and others.
He denied that there was any agreement with the NPP to form the EC and said that the UDP has no hope of forming the EC. 7 am to 4 pm.
The incumbent MDC of Mawthadraishan is Blanding Warjri who won from the HSPDP in the mid-term elections but defected to the PDF later and is now applying for the Congress ticket.
Awards were also distributed to the children of the Shadap Manar clan for those who passed well in various examinations.
and the Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, for their continued support and inclusion in the literature on the crematoria of Meghalaya which have brought great results, said a statement sent by Bah Brian D. .Kharpran Daly, General Secretary.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 26: U MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam constituency, RG Momin on Saturday handed over another ambulance for the Rambrai area at a public meeting held at Rambrai Market.
He gave a speech which was truly an instruction and advice to the youth of the village.
Sarboklang Jana top scored with 31 runs while Kingfisher United CC's Kyrshankupar Pdahsiej and Wanpydap Lyngdoh took two wickets each.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) together with other political parties have held a meeting to oppose the implementation of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act,
Besides, she said that the Khasi cannot afford to pay the shop fee of up to 5 lakh tyngka because if they pay that, they don't have to buy any more goods.
“From Mawphlang, we have a candidate who will contest in place of Bah Eugene MLA because of his inability to contest, but because this candidate is still in government office. we have not yet announced in this current list.
The blast also occurred near the vehicle of the security forces who were patrolling in the Kahan area of ​​Kohlu district.
It is not known in what form the VAB will be implemented and it is clear that the Governor has not been obedient to what the state government has sent and has shown his authority and now the Congress ruling state government has got into trouble with the governor.
However, Lajong did not lose hope but continued to fight hard.
He said that there may be a serious reason why this case should be suspended suddenly before the trial.
When we listen it means that we bury, we associate, we associate with them and we sell our soul, our life.
New villages: Old Gorbanga, New Gorbanga, Belpahamjala and Ulubari.
At the same time, it was announced that the border gates of the country will be closed until further notice.
The question arises for those who work outside, what will they do? How will they live in the coming days?Life is dark full of worries and doubts.
Finally, he thanked the state government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma for taking great action on this incident and to send back the students of the state who are studying in Manipur. to reach the state and their homes safely.
In connection with this incident, the security forces have also arrested two Myanmar nationals involved in the crime.
At this meeting, besides discussing the strengthening of the party before the election, the UDP leaders from Umsning Constituency, also discussed many issues related to the development works in Umsning Constituency which will soon be announced to the party. the state government.
This action of Assam will inevitably affect the border settlement between the two states in the second phase.
It is worth mentioning that the inspection came after a complaint from two youths of the area, including Baiateilang Lapang from Umroi Nongrah and Tynshai Makri from Bhoirymbong Lumdaitkhla. They have lodged a complaint with the DC to oppose the dumping of clinker in the area, citing the reasons that it will affect the cleanliness of the river and also the health of the residents.
When we all say we don't know, shouldn't we stop implementing it? In addition to what has been mentioned above, this behavior and actions of ours, shows these characteristics which They affect our own lives, and they are as follows:-We bring our own condemnation, which is before the world and especially to the glory of God.
The last lesson was to shoot at night in the dark, by digging a hole in the ground, placing a Lenten target inside the hole and then placing a target on top of the Lenten light.
In October 2020, the NGT decided to release 2 lakh metric tonnes out of 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal mined for auction through Coals India Limited.
In the past, the villagers to come to Shillong had to think a lot about travelling, money, food and drink, buying pets, because there was a shortage of vehicles and motorcycles. take time because you have to go physically, by car and so on.
“Through the support of the people in the state as a whole, the NPP will be able to rule alone in 2023,” he said.
Regarding the award of sub-contracts, whether there are any rules in the tender and the soskular, the Lamphang said that he does not know anything about this, because This work has been supervised by the PWD Building Department of the Government.
She added that many of them cannot spend their time to read for her, she has to read the books she prepares and sometimes she cannot use the laptop because she doesn't have the time. don't have electricity.
Besides, the DC EKH office has urged the public to stay at least 1 foot away from others while buying food items from the shops.
“You don't have to go to Sohra.
Shillong: The UDP MLA from Mawsynram, Ollan Sing Suin, on Tuesday expressed his hope that the people will give their confidence to the RDA candidate Robertjune Kharjahrin in the Lok Sabha MP election.
The Minister said that the annual expenditure will reach Rs 6.5 crore depending on the needs which may vary from year to year.
Unfortunately, some have tested positive, of course even if they don’t have symptoms.
Perhaps, it would be better if the SRT takes this matter to any court whether it is the High Court or the Supreme Court so that it can be decided according to the law.
Jerry scored 10 runs and Steve scored 9 runs.
Recently, the Chairman of NESO, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, reminded the residents of North East that on 11th November 2019, even after the protests by the indigenous people of the region against the Citizenship ( Amendment Bill 2019, but the Government of India did not listen and finally through the Rajya Sabha passed the Citizenship (Amendment) Act
The theme is “Plow your land”, Hosea 10:1
He said that regarding the holding of khwai competitions, the elders of the villages near the Pamphyrnai Pond do not feel they have the right to say anything, as the pond falls within the boundary. the district of the village of Ksehkohlong.
“We would also like to remind our fellow citizens who have harvested the holy fruit at this time, that this is only the first milestone in their lives and they will have to work hard. to develop in other areas of education," the Seng said.
The peace talks between the Government of India and the armed groups in the North East, such as the NSCN (IM), ULFA and especially the Hynniewtrep Liberation Council (HNLC), require a comprehensive public consultation.
She said that the government officials have said that the T.50 tyngka has been allocated to them under the RBSY scheme, but it is surprising that even this scheme has not been received because the name of the they.
This will help the Press Registrar General to speed up the work and thus, publishers, especially those with small media outlets will have fewer problems.
My mother said that she used to walk to Shillong when I went with her and after ten years she never came to Shillong again.
" Then the king's soul was troubled.
members of various Self-Help Groups (SHGs) from four C&RD Blocks of Ri Bhoi District have been selected and received T .10 lakh each from the Government to raise chickens.
It is worth mentioning that 10 Sengbhalang under the leadership of KSU and FKJGP have urged the State Government to immediately implement the ILP in the State to curb the illegal influx of mynder and foreigners into the State. this state.
It cannot be bought, cannot be sold, and everyone has to enjoy it 24 hours a day.
Police have registered a case against them under the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing.
Social Welfare Minister Paul Lyngdoh said the government has suspended Phidalia Toi as the Chairperson of the MSCW for violating the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) Act,
This shows that initially China, due to its fraudulent activities, has tried to hide from the world the fact that the disease has already been present in the country since the 17th of this month. March,2019.
“The We Ring The Bell Campaign was launched by the Liliane Foundation which has been fighting and promoting education for low income and disabled families since 2012, " said Wanbait.
On the first day of the Budget Session, the members of the House shall elect the Symbud Lamphang.
The celebration will be part of the proclamation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's theme Sabka saath sabka vikas.
For more information please call
From this export, the farmers will earn more than 20 lakh tyngka and when exported abroad, the income will be 50 lakh tyngka,” she said.
She said that the importance of eating healthy and nutritious foods – protein, carbohydrates, calcium and others for young children, pregnant women pun and children.
This is according to a statement by Bah SL Kongwang, Rangbah Shnong Umsyiem Village.
In fact, politics is not a bad thing but the person who implements it is bad.
The NSS of Sohra Government College, Sohra and the NCC of Rama Krishna Mission Higher Secondary School, Sohra, led by ANO, Capt.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The Congress party in Shella constituency has not yet received a candidate for the 2018 elections.
Misilia Majaw scored nine goals in the 5th, 7th, 12th, 15th, 21st, 32rd, 37th, 42nd and 49th minutes while Marbari Nongrum scored 2 goals in the 11th and 14th minutes.
On the other hand, DSO, WJHD, Ma K Passah, in a statement, said that the registration for all the participants will be held on the 15th at 5:30 pm.
The prizes were awarded by the District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills, Ma Khroobok Passah in the presence of the leaders and office bearers of the West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association.
The incident occurred at Mendima village when the residents of Mendima village arrested two ANLCA members and tied them until they stopped, said the Superintendent of Police (SP). JFK Marak.
“I am happy to join this group and I will use what I have experienced in this field to guide the youth who will put their youth in this shlem in these years to said Mr. Kharsyntiew.
“Huh.
Finally, they took a big decision to dissolve the Seng which they had planned for many years.
Prestone said that there are food shops in every village, where they can get food easily and they don't have to go to Shillong to buy food items. non-grocery stores will reduce occupancy.
When I was working in a cement company in East Jaintia Hills, there were also Bangladeshis who came to work.
News from across the State on November 6, 2022.
Meghalaya has reported 743 deaths from COVID-19 with 10 deaths on Monday.
Earlier this month, on 9th November, police rescued a child who was kidnapped from the DM College of Science in Imphal and arrested eight others. They were arrested on suspicion of robbery with firearms and explosives during an operation at Yumnam Huidrom village, Wangoi police in Imphal West district said.
What is shocking to see is that some of these party leaders (although not all) are just shouting for the country and the nation, but when the pla is full they listen again, and when it starts empty (empty pockets) began to stir again.
After conducting a search a freshly dug hole and one covered with fresh soil were traced near the vehicle.
When asked whether there is an attempt to form a party in the Opposition, Ronnie said the VPP has already expressed that it does not want to be in one party but will sit alone in the party. opposite side.
On the full-time employment of temporary staff at ICAR, he said that this has been achieved thanks to the initiative of Narendra Modi, who also has a desire to improve the ICAR. to promote agriculture in the state and the country as a whole.
These supporters from the Congress, UDP and NPP parties joined the BJP in Nongpoh constituency at a meeting held at the BJP office at Gladden Tower, Nongpoh.
The District Council has sent a search warrant to the Enforcement Police against foreign drivers in nine zones following the demand of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association. Three foreigners have been arrested by the Shillong Sadar Police Station.
On this day, the match was played between the teams which have not been able to win in this tournament so far.
The MPYC leader has strongly condemned the BJP's actions and said that the people of the country should strongly oppose the BJP. Shillong, Lber, 14: A youth who has Kyrshandame Talang, 29, resident of Mupliang village, West Jaintia Hills District, was shot dead by unidentified robbers at Mosdai village, near Mukhla and Myrjai villages. The body was found on October 12, 2024 near a lyngkha in Mosdai village.
Shillong, June 06: Two foreigners of Khasi ethnicity have been arrested by the Registration Authority of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
This was announced by the Minister of State for Development of North Eastern Region, BL Verma in reply to a question in the Rajya Sabha on Friday.
“I am pleased to inform you that there are also people from Europe and Russia who have already sent food made from sohphan.
Basaiawmoit said that at this meeting, it was also decided that no vehicles will be allowed to park at the jhur market and all jhur or agricultural products weighing less than 50 kilos will no longer be allowed to be sold. tribute to the King of Mylliem.
He has also been involved in the work of the Church in the Archdiocese of North India, the CBCI and the Universal Church. From 2012-2019 he was also the Chairman of the North East. India Reginal Bishop Council (NEIRBC).
“It has given me enough time to explain the problems,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
She said that the district authorities of East Khasi Hill and the police department have been informed of this.
The club have signed the player from German side Borussia Dortmund.
“The Commissioner of Food Safety has directed the meat shops to paint, to cover the meat they sell, to wear clean clothes, in the past few days.
They are a woman from Mawkria and a man from Mawlat.
The ship, the Orsk, caught fire and collapsed off the coast of Berdyansk.
On the 12th day she performed the ritual according to her promise.
He urged the people of the area to support the candidate nominated by the party – Mr. Firstborn Manner.
Two players of 7 Wasa United scored two goals, Sucrip Manner in the 3rd and 49th minutes, Dashngain Sukhalin in the 35th and 64th minutes and Samehi Ryngki. he scored a goal in the 48th minute.
The court concluded the petition by ordering the government to complete within 3 months and if it does not, it will have to pay the salaries of the Deficit/Adhoc teachers in the colleges and also to the employees of the colleges according to the Pension Rules. prescribed for teachers and staff in government Colleges.
“The Government should also appoint one of the relatives of the four refugees so that they can support their families,” said the UHM. The Border Out Post should be set up in Mukroh and not in Barato to protect and provide security to the people.
The President of the PDF, Bah Gavin Miguel Mylliem, in an interview with the media after the meeting, said that the meeting will also include the rules set by the PDF to the NPP. The Peoples Democratic Front (PDF) was formed in 2017 and four MLAs won the 2018 Assembly elections.
The closing ceremony was held at Loomsooiung Dorbar Hall, Newhill under the chairmanship of Rtn SK Lato who is also the Chairman of the Silver Jubilee Celebration and former Minister of State, Rtn Manas Chaudhuri was the chief guest.
Wansame Pakyntein, a student of Sri Chaitanya Junior, Kala Sale Pragathi Nagar, Hyderabad, scored 90.21% with distinctions in four subjects including English, French, Zoology and Botany.
Shillong College beat Rusa SS 2-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
The fire broke out on the morning of 11th July at 10:00 pm while people were sleeping.
Police believe that the incident occurred when Sushant turned himself in.
The Ministers include Prestone Tynsong and Sniawbhalang Dhar as the Chief Secretary.
For the Open to all, the prize money is 10,000 tyngka for the first place, 5000 tyngka for the second and 3000 tyngka for the third.
“The government has directed all the DCs to take action regarding food items and we hand over to the DCs to punish those involved in increasing the price of food items,” he said.
He said the government has taken action on this issue and has already discussed the issues not only in Kiang Nangbah but also in government schools including Government Boys' and Government Girls' Higher Secondary Schools. School in Jowai.
Laitjem CC won the toss and elected to bat first.
The name of Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, former President of the HYC, was announced today. Among the three politicians who have been successful in this tournament are Dr Jemino and Bah PT Sawkmie. for these things have been in the world for a long time.
On 12th June 2020, 25 vehicles with even numbers from Laitlyngkot were fined by the Pynursla Police. Station because they are vehicles ending in an even number (0.2.4.6.8) and on this day vehicles with odd numbers should run.
Conrad said that the fair is also a marketplace to bring together sellers and buyers and especially to market the agricultural products.
In Assam, there are 1,18,333 cases of COVID-19, with 3,054 confirmed cases yesterday and 27,303 confirmed cases so far.
Furthermore, another addendum to the SRP-OM No.PER.222/72/163, dated 28th May, 1974 allows for the reservation of 40% of the Garo even by the applicants who are outside the state of Meghalaya.
From 2013 onwards, only cow dung or other chemical-free fertilizers called organic fertilizers should be used.
“In sports, there is no politics, no religion, no ethnicity but we are one,” said Banteidor.
“The NPP to form the EC in GHADC has invited the candidates who won by bribing money, but this is against the decision of the people who elected them,” she said. many MDCs of the Congress.
However, if it is in this way, it confirms that the leaders of the party are not trusted.
Regarding these ration cards, it was informed that the PMGKAY ration is free of charge and will be distributed at the rate of 5 kilos per person according to the number of people on the AAY and PHH Ration Card. AAY will be distributed 35 kilograms per household with an AAY Card at a price of Rs.3/- per kilogram.
“These police should also be given the opportunity to inform about this incident so that there can be a fair trial in this matter,” he said.
Thus, at present the beast or 666 has not yet ruled, but has been ruled by its own governments with a glorious supreme court.
Two officers from the West Midlands Police, two from the West Mercia Force and one from Derbyshire were injured in the incident. face.
Also, there will be heavy snowfall, on July 21 and 22, 2023.
Khliehriat, Nailar 13 : East Jaintia Hills District, which is surrounded by the borders of Assam and Bangladesh, is one of the richest districts in terms of mineral resources and mineral resources. The district has been a full district since 31st November 2012 and sadly it is a district which has been neglected by the government in all aspects.
The Shillong Sports Association ( Shillong Sports Association ) will award the trophy to Mawkhar on Saturday after the end of the final of the Second Division Football League.
Delhi news reported that the young woman was killed at her residence in Delhi.
He said that according to the Minister's statement in the House recently, there are more than 10 lakh part-time graduates in the state and this shows how the quality of education in the state has been severely affected. to the young men for their future.
On the part of the Council, if we have to issue, we will issue on the grounds and if we reject the Trading License we will reject on the grounds and we cannot just do anything just because there is an order because in the end “It is we who make the law and we have to implement it and not to violate it,” said Bah Pynïaid.
There are those who are afraid that these people will destroy the work, but there are also those who are against it.
He said the Meghalaya government has written to the Assam government and the Chief Secretary to hold a meeting to discuss the border issue and a meeting will be held soon.
“On the other hand, the Minister also reminded that the state has been short of its own IAS and IPS officers in the last few years.
In fact, the MBoSE should answer correctly that if there are any mistakes here and there, it should think about helping in any way it feels it should, and should not just respond to the questions. torti and should not play with the future and life and death of the students.
Jowai, Naitung 20: Ka Seiñraij Jowai through this statement would like to extend its special thanks to all those who took part in the successful and successful celebration of Behdie?khlam wings.
The second, in the struggle for power, was the second, a rich man from Mairang.
Elnathan Wahlang of Marbisu SC scored all three goals in the 7th, 64th and 75th minutes.
Referring to the National People's Party (NPP)'s failure to send its expenditure figures for the last elections, Rajiv Kumar said they have already sent a letter regarding the expenditure figures. The NPP is not the only party, but there are billions of parties that cannot send such requests to the relevant department.
On Tuesday, residents including Ram Bhagat Singh, Pratham Singh and Sanjeev Rawat were on their way to the forest with 1200 goats when the incident happened.
“Regarding the market, I will do whatever is necessary to assist and run the market,” said Allfond.
This year too, it will be supported by the AIFF and financial support from the Tata Trusts and the Government of Meghalaya.
Charles said that it will be investigated whether the division of departments will benefit the department or not but as it is now there are many shortcomings in the management of MeECL. Congress MLA from Umroi George B Lyngdoh said that MeECL does not have enough revenue, does not have enough accounting and does not have enough staff to do the work.
Regarding this issue, the union has met with Bah I.Kharmon District Transport Officer.
The Serbian star, who lost in the Wimbledon final to Alcaraz, beat Frenchman Alexandre Muller 6-0 6-2 6-3 on Tuesday night. God is in New York.
In an interview with Shylla in front of the Conference Hall, he mentioned the hall where they hold meetings. “Look at this hall, it has been spent up to T. 45 lakh, T.10 lakh, this is the robbery tomorrow morning, we will discuss tomorrow at the meeting of the Sub Committee on KHADC Affairs headed by Bah Bindo M Lanong, Working President “We will have to take the decision of the party,” said Shylla.
In the match held at Madan Nongthymmai Lawjynriew, Pohktieh beat Umpling 4-3 goals by tie breaker after the match on the pitch. end without anyone scoring a goal.
Slamming the VPP, Rakkam said such politics and drama will put the state in great trouble.
Even in the middle of the city, the road is still bad, think of the rural areas, you don't know how it will be.
Police sources said the incident happened from October to June this year.
“Therefore, if we include about Rs 70 crore from the state government, we will be able to release about Rs 450 crore to the various blocks which is only material cost,” he said.
My friends, the Khasi, were cooking cow meat at home. This Hindu Khar asked for cow meat to eat. One of my friends asked the Dkhar how do you Hindus eat meat? cow and his answer is that there are no Hindu holy books that prohibit eating cow meat. It is only a personal decision to eat or not to eat cow meat.
The pum pum of the road even in the plates of food and pela sha also enters the pum pum and when the rainy season comes again the road is filled with hands.
It has also appointed an Advisory Committee to manage the Clinical Requirement and Affiliation to the University.
In the High Court hearing, the government has announced that it will repeal the law ban ban and prohibit people from selling on the streets and sidewalks, but will implement the central government, He said that it is the duty of the government to provide adequate space for the vendors.
He stressed that through the computer system, it will be possible to know any tax evasion and it will make them aware of the collection of taxes.
Regarding the inspection, RM Kurbah said that the reason why she and the SP came to the weigh bridge was through the order of the Supreme Court. , which has directed them to inspect, whether there are trucks carrying coal illegally, without permission or without proper documents.
He said that the school has started to improve in all aspects from education to sports, to become one of the prominent schools in the Umden area. They should use their talents and knowledge properly, so that the efforts of their parents will not be wasted, but to become children who have a goal in their lives so that they can reach the top of the mountain of fame. .
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes IAS, was also present as the Chief Guest and after giving the blessings, he also took part in the distribution of the prizes to the winners. GB Gunnaka IFS, KCA President KM Warjri, MCA Secretary Bonney Kharbani, WKHDCA President Richard Sun, members of WKHDCA and office bearers of various districts were present.
The area most affected by the cold weather has affected the farmers of Mawryngkneng area.
She was awarded the Sushma Swaraj Award for Women Achievers in Sports by the BJP Mahila Morcha at a program organized by the BJP on 13th October at State Central. Library, Shillong for her achievements in winning the title of 'ultra runner' after winning all the races held across India which has also brought pride to the state. whole.
I believe that this will be a guide for those who read it, to go deeper in knowledge, not only in agriculture, but perhaps in other sciences which I have mentioned here and there in this book, which are also relations with agriculture.
He was fondly remembered and known by the name "Mahatma" or "Bapu"
Training will also be provided on skills and job creation to more than 3.5 lakh people by setting up two SEZs, factories, ITI parks and banking in the next five years, he said.
During the inspection, it was found that almost all the shops do not have valid licenses but they have expired for many years. One of the owners of the shop said that there is an employee of the Sale Tax department who collects money every month known as Marak, who is said to come from the office to collect money. 2,000 per month, but without renewing the licenses of the shopkeepers.
Chalet Phawa scored 53' and S.Pale 57' for Mulang Ialong.
Meanwhile, the earth is filled with the judgment of the wicked.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 09 : Leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri-Bhoi District today held an emergency meeting to discuss the issue. The resignation of several party leaders including the Vice President of the party, Bah Donkupar Sumer, who alleged that their resignation from the party was due to insult and disregard for them, after the party The UDP has withdrawn the ticket of Bah Donkupar Sumer from Umsning Constituency.
The work went smoothly under the leadership of the Rangbah Balang, Bah Victor Sumer and the parishioners despite the lockdown due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Minister also urged all companies and factories to join hands to maintain the cleanliness of the surrounding areas and rivers in the State.
Speaking on the occasion, MDC Mawthadraishan said that the UDP has become stronger with the passing of the days. to the goal until the government is formed.
“That attempt to talk between the non-NPP-BJP political parties to form a government is just a drama to mislead because these parties who claim to be national parties have already planned to work together for three years. They have been working together for 10 years,” said Bah Ardent in a statement to the media.
Joshi died at his residence in Laitumkhrah and is survived by two children and his wife, Mebolin Marbaniang, who live on Laitumkhrah Main Road behind Yalana Hotel.
According to the visa rules, they were not allowed to give any speech at the service, but they allegedly gave speeches and preached to invite people to convert to Christianity.
On Saturday (19/1/19), the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu convened a public meeting and unanimously decided to support Brightstar to win the MDC election.
Chief Secretary MS Rao on Thursday said reopening of religious places and places of worship will help the vaccination effort of the government.
No one has shown the girls that there is another world if they complete their education successfully and if they continue their studies to higher levels.
Former Assam Chief Minister Prafulla Kumar Mahanta, a senior leader of the Asom Gana Parishad, has been admitted to the Down Town Hospital this morning.
All five years when they become MLAs, what do you expect from such people,” he said.
Shillong: Two BJP MLAs, Sanbor Shullai and AL Hek, took part in the BJP rally at Ram Lila Square, New Delhi. The two, together with Ma Shibun Lyngdoh, President of the party, have submitted a petition to the Prime Minister Narendra Modi, expressing their strong opposition to the implementation of the Buhai Act. The Citizenship Amendment Bill,
“These border villages affected by the heavy rainfall include Huroi, Hingaria, Kwator, Natbor, Borghat, Kharkhana, Pasadwar, Lumpyngngad, Kamsing and other border villages.
Guwahati: A clash broke out on the border between Assam and Mizoram in Hailakandi district this morning.
Shillong, November 24: A youth named Sainborlang Passah son of Bah Thomad Reenborn from Umkor village, has been arrested. Pynursla died after being shot dead by nine other youths from Umkor.
Shillong/ Khliehriat, Naitung 11: Following the demolition of the illegal coke factories in Shallang, the government is now ready to demolish the illegal coke factories in East Jaintia Hills District.
It will also advocate to the Government of India to strengthen the empowerment of district councils in the state.
However, it was announced that they will be announced in these days at least in November.
When it comes to the widespread burning of mountains and forests, it cannot be said that it has destroyed all the valuable medicinal plants in the forests and wetlands.
The partition of Assam and the creation of Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh in the 1970s has delayed the redressal of the border.
Along with the primary objective of providing health facilities, the ONGC Siu-Ka-Pha Multi Specialty Hospital will play a major role in creating jobs and income generation opportunities in the area.
The manner of killing of the man was very brutal, in which the robbers, stabbed him from Ryndang, and also cut off his hand, in which the robbers went to break into the house. the river Umiam.
HD said that during his visit, he was ready to sleep on the street, although some alleged that during his visit, the villages had to provide him with 5star hotels.
If we do so, then we will take the lead in eradicating corruption in Meghalaya and in India as a whole.
The problem is that once it has announced the date of the election, the District Council Affairs will find it difficult to prepare the electoral roll for the voters.
Right to Education: In this regard, how sad it is for us the people of Jaintia Hills when the Minister in charge of this department who is also a Jaintia but he doesn't Instead of improving the quality of education in our state, he is only involved in violence, corruption, corruption and the loss of salary to all the teachers. We should respect and honor them because we believe that they are our second parents and they are also the founders of a better society.
Shillong, Nailar 04: The State Government today said that according to the testing of bread, it has been found that it does not have any harmful effect on health and can be eaten.
Other speakers on the occasion were Nestar Kharmawphlang from Lait Sohpliah EKH, Commissioner Rynjoh from Rableng, Sita Merry Nongrum from Umsawar, Daphi Merry Lyngdoh from Pahamshken, Ri Bhoi District and He is from Madanrtiang Village, Ri Bhoi District.
In a statement, the President said that the violence of the Assam police in the area shows that they are disrupting the peace and order in the area and has created a sense of fear among the Khasi residents. places especially in the coming and going to earn a living.
When the place is divided, there may be differences in religion, way of life and dress, but if there is a need for unity, the song shall be divided into the following parts:-(1)Ka Nam Khasi lane ki nong Meghalaya :When you leave the state, you should say that you are a Khasi from Meghalaya or Shillong and your language is Hindi.
The awards were presented by Vice Chancellor of North Eastern Hills University (NEHU) Prof.Sri Krishna Srivastava, Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU Prof Dr Henry Lamin, Additional Director General (Programme & Administration) (NEZ) All India Radio Shri D.N.Basumatari and AGM of State Bank of India Shri Rajeev Arora.
Daniel said, “My God sent his angel, and shut the mouth of the lions, and they have not hurt me” (Daniel 6:22).
With effect from November 1, 2019, the release of subsidies has been done through linkage with the Aadhaar of the beneficiaries uploaded by the State/UT Governments on the PM-KISAN portal, except in case of States of Assam and Meghalaya and the UTs of J&K and Ladakh, which were exempt from this requirement till October 31, 2020, as the number of Aadhaar registrations in these areas was very low.
After receiving the information, Kharkrang and SP City Vivek Syiem rushed to the scene.
Ten minutes later, Alisha Lyngdoh scored the second goal and Ba Inangsan Langbnang scored the sixth goal in the 67th minute.
“This is the time for us to build or destroy the nation and it is the time for us to create a pakit or become a pakit, therefore it is our duty to take responsibility for this.
Long tried to shoot Kiang, but Kiang shot him with a pistol, but he didn't.
If you don't pay, don't pay or don't give to those in authority, you can't employ or carry out your jobs or trade.
He said the government has now worked hard to meet the needs of all the blocks.
It is to be recalled that the incident happened on Tuesday at Umthlong Village, where they were accused of attempting to rape a young woman. They were beaten and bombed until one of them died on the spot and the other died at the Civil Hospital Shillong.
More than 7000 athletes, more than 15000 participants, more than 35000 colleges, universities and schools with the participation of more than 50 lakh people are trained and the National Games is unique and unprecedented , he said.
That day he went to bed early and thought that if Deisy worked the next day, Sunday, he would go back to Riia's house.
“Regarding the promise to distribute rice and other food items through the PDS, she said what card will they issue, when only those who are entitled to receive the ration card have not yet received it.
Furthermore, the District Magistrate has temporarily suspended the order issued on 6.7.2020 to resolve this issue which may affect the peace and order of the people.
A bullet proof vehicle was immediately parked in the area every day, which looked like there was nothing terrible going on.
Before inaugurating the office, the MLA praised the services of the hospital through the dedication of the Governing Board.
“If you look closely at what happened in the teachers' strike, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui said that the government doesn't have the money to pay the salaries of the teachers and to improve the salaries of the teachers. “The budget in the present government is not planned. Most of the money allocated from one department has been transferred to another. “This has never happened in the Mukul government and for that reason in terms of financial management, the Congress government led by Dr Mukul Sangma is better,” he said.
He also announced that there will be a football match and a marathon in the name of these birds and if the district authorities allow, they will hold the Amur Falcon Festival again. u year.
He said that the people of Block II have not taken part in the elections to the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council because they want to return to the state.
Thus, this government law was in conflict with religion.
Shillong: A vehicle accompanying Assam Agriculture Minister Atul Bora overturned near Nongpoh today while he was on his way from Guwahati to Silchar.
Shillong:The Shillong Cathedral Parish, Laitumkhrah has urged the faithful to be careful of their vehicles parked in the parking lots due to the presence of thieves who try to steal their vehicles. to the tiar that tar.
The PCB's struggle to host some of the Asia Cup matches in a hybrid model has come to an end.
Besides the chief guest, the Rangbah Shnong of Tyllang, the elders of the area, the teachers of the school, parents, students and others were also present.
The chief guest of this final was Kong P.Warjri, one of the women who work in the community.
They protested against the state government for its failure to maintain peace and order in the border areas of Meghalaya and Assam, which has led to the shooting death of five people. The elders of Mukroh village on the 22nd of this month, these Sengbhalang held a protest program known as the Non-Cooperation Movement.
“Due to the intervention of the state government, the program has been postponed until October, 2015,” he said.
Coriander or cilantro, also known as Chinese parsley, is also known as 'dhania' in India.
“We want to do something about this and we want to ensure that these people who live there are not silent,” said the Dy.CM. Whether they are from India or not, we cannot say at this time as the investigation is ongoing.
Although the VPP did not go to Nongstoiñ specifically for the MP candidate, but for the recruitment of members to the party as it usually goes around the place and also to explain the principles of the party, but MP candidate, Dr. Ricky Syngkon was also present and delivered a speech at the rally, which was attended by thousands of people at Nongstoiñ Market.
The incident happened on July 14, 2019, when Sanjay Sangma died shortly afterwards and his body was found lying on top of the transformer.
Purning Star Shabong President of the HYC, said that the CEM has promised to take action and if they find that it is illegal, they will remove these tribes.
We still need to produce a lot of rice, soybeans, and vegetables because at present, we have to rely on imports for most of our food.
The time will come when if we can no longer control the youth and even ourselves, it will be a danger.
The aim of this program is to commemorate the dances left behind by our ancestors along with the traditional costumes during the dances as well as the traditional songs.
The robbers are border guards who do not dare to show their faces or reveal their names and steal the photographs taken by the passers-by.
He said that for the construction of the bridge from Bishnupur Taxi Stand to Bethesda Hospital, Shillong, more than T.2 crore has been allocated. For the improvement of roads as well as for the cleaning of the road from KT ROAD to the government quarter near Sanker Dev College Women's Hostel, Shillong, about T.
Although they lost, this was the best game of the tournament for Meghalaya especially against the strongest teams in the country.
Samla Rymphang Nongsiej, former President of KSU Bengaluru Unit, has reminded the State Government of its failure to clarify whether it will build or not build the Meghalaya House in Bengaluru. He added that Karnataka is the state with the largest number of Khasi workers and also the largest number of Khasi workers. Compared to other states of India, the lack of Meghalaya House has caused problems especially to the students who come to the city.
“She said that she has a goal to fight hard until she is appointed as a senior officer in the state government,” Finora said. and hard work they started to compete for the Top Ten in many examinations.
He is also that man who once created will never change until the end.
Shillong: The Khasi Author Society (KHNAM) has strongly supported the demand of the Khasi Author Society to include the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
“Do you see any measures to stop trucks coming from Nongstoin, trucks coming from Jaintia Hills and other places?” he asked. He said that it is a selfish act, which has been in the interest of the State and the people and at the expense of the State.
There have been cases where the robbers do not even enter the houses of those who claim to be their loved ones, but they stop the car along the road and hold a meeting and robbery inside the car.
When asked whether the party will elect Pynthorumkhrah MLA and Minister of State, Bah AL Hek to contest from Shillong seat, Ao said he has seen only in the media. Hek has not yet been able to speak to him face to face.
The plane reportedly flew without a pilot after the pilot flew away from the plane due to bad weather conditions, which could have led to the crash. to the mountains, in this journey.
The excessive number of political parties has confused and confused the people.
Rahman recently lodged a complaint with the Central Vigilance Commission (CVC) demanding the appointment of an independent inquiry into the allegations of corruption in the implementation of the JJM scheme in West Garo Hills.
One of the biggest things that the MDA government has been able to do is to take responsibility to start moving forward with the talks and settlement of the border with Assam. Perhaps since 50 years after the independence of the state, governments have come and gone, but even the work of resolving the border has not reached anywhere. , while the people living near Assam, are living a miserable life and have been deprived of their land.
Shillong: On the morning of the 12th June 2021, which is also the day of the MDC elections for the polling of candidates for the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), unidentified robbers They set fire to the Soksan Bridge at Mendipathar Police Station in North Garo Hills.
The Dorbar Shnong calls for the cooperation of the VDPs, the Khynroo Khynlood Committee, the Sports & Game Committee, the Women Welfare and all the residents of the village for the betterment of these activities.
On the violence in Garo Hills, Conrad said it is wrong to allege that the NPP has caused violence, as the party believes in a free and fair election. and perhaps the events were caused by other factors that did not exist in those places.
“I don't think they'll respect us when we wear their clothes,” said Rikynti. “Once I thought I'd like that, but when I asked carefully, they all ended up in the wind.
Former AASU leader Chittaranjan Basumatary will be in charge of Jonbai and Dhemaji Raju Phukan will be in charge of Golaghat, Jorhat and Bokhath.
Below, I would like to mention some of the issues that the two District Councils should take care of to implement in the next five years:- Independence of District Councils: To fight for the achievement of the Working Power Autonomy of District Councils without any interference from government departments such as the District Council Affairs (DCA) of the State Government and the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) of the Central Government will be the utmost goal of the MDCs. new you.
Balsan Marak died at Tura Civil Hospital while in custody on Tuesday.
DoNER schemes help support the needs of five North Eastern states according to their needs, by initiating projects- for example, infrastructure development to facilitate connectivity and reduction and development of economic opportunities and employment opportunities in the region.
“It is hoped that the HLIC will be announced on Monday evening,” said Marak.
Thus the scholars called this group the group of Moses.
In this regard, the HYC has written to the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong, asking for clarification on whether the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act, 1997 has been passed by the KHADC. The ST.U said that based on the complaint of the Registration Authority, KHADC, Shillong through a letter No.DCII/RA/24/2023/2 dated 8th June, 2023, it was written to the Under Secretary. The Government of Meghalaya has urged the Social Welfare Department to provide clarifications on this issue and urged the authorities not to issue any ST certificate in violation of the KHAD (Khasi Social Custom of Lineage) Act. , 1997 and the Rule has been amended.
China has now admitted that it detected the coronavirus in Wuhan in late November
Then you must first delete the writing.
The court said the defendant would have to submit an affidavit and documents to show invoices, challans and e-way bills on the land.
In the Tuber Raij, the Longdoh is the head of the ritual and performs the ritual in the presence of the Wasan, Sangot, Maji, Chutia, Dhulia, Kitkhoh and Tymmen Raijs.
Vincent denied that Dr Mukul Sangma has been able to lead 12 MLAs from the Congress party to join one party. Dr Mukul Sangma, one of his relatives and others are his followers, maybe because he has been the prime minister for many years they can take his help. They will follow you because they are your friends except Charles Pyngrope.
“If the State Commission officer is still willing to threaten like this, how much more to the people,” she said.
Shira in June 2018, while Nikrak M Sangma continues to live in Bangladesh.
This does not mean that all these MLAs who have joined the party will win the 2023 elections.
The District Level Safety Committee will also hold public hearings at Wahiajer/Ummulong on the 4th, Amlarem on the 5th, Iawmusiang and Jowai on the 6th.
Although initially it was not rich, it was gradually planted by the farmers of the area and this helped to improve the cultivation of rice in the area.
Sainkupar Nongtraw also alleged that the Meghalaya government has acted biased by calling for peace talks only with the ANVC, and this silence of the Meghalaya government has caused discontent in the party.
In fact, the leaders of the MeECL Progressive Workers Union (MPWU) have met with the Minister to express their concerns since MeECL signed the agreement. they without any prior understanding communication.
MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has only decided to upgrade Jowai to a Smart Town and introduce a Mini Secretariat, while there are still many problems facing Jowai,” said Ricky Shylla. Urban Affairs Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar on the lack of responsibility of the department to resolve the problems of the people.
Finally, the party urges the government to move forward without fear for the sake of the country and the nation to implement the ILP where the indigenous people want to implement it. statement to the organization.
Nongpoh: Mawtnum FC has won the Inter Shnong Football Tournament 2019 by beating Umsamlem Sport Club 3-1 in Umdihar. in the final, which was held on Saturday at the Umdihar Stadium.
In the Bible, the Word of God contains all the ANSWER to all the QUESTIONS we have in this LIFE. BUT THE QUESTION THAT WE ALL SHOULD PUTT IN OUR LIFE IS THAT GOD HIMSELF HAS TO ASK YOU. Guwahati: There have been 73 new cases of COVID19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases to 1,4
At the same time, drug addicts need us to support them and we must guide them, and the assistance of many Rehabilitation Centers in the state and some in our district, can help. to recover from this problem, but they must be determined to fight against the problem, so we need to support them.
“There will be a debate on the Governor's speech, there will be a debate on the budget, there will be a special motion, there will be a short debate—there are many ways.
The Director, South and Southwest Asia Sub-Regional Office, Mikiko Tanaka, said that Meghalaya's position in the BBIN and that the present Meghalaya, under the leadership of Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma, The workshop is suitable for the development of relations between the countries of the BBIN. The workshop was part of the ESCAP program to support the need for stakeholders to cross the border within the Asia and Pacific region.
He said that there was a private school in Garobadha, where the management of the school had issued a notice, “If you expel one child, you will have to expel all the children. your".
We cannot understand India’s growth without comparing it with other countries.
I'm writing this poem, I want to wake you up; Do you want to be happy now, Will you suffer for another life? Look now in Ri Khasi, The authorities have gained power; ,Everything is yours.
Shillong, July 27 : The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) on Monday decided to resume the strike from today. , July 28th.
The Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep (SNSBH) has written to the Chairman of the Law Commission of India to express its demand that the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) should not be implemented in Meghalaya.
They said that the existence of such a shop to sell live Dohkha has helped a lot for the Dohkha farmers in the state, as it will help them to market the Dohkha. they saw.
Nongpoh: The office bearers of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri-bhoi District, have expressed their deep sorrow over the inability of the state government to complete the buildings and fully implement the Residential Schools, which have been built in some places. who is in Ri Bhoi.
The Assembly will be held from the 6th to the 9th of this month at Sohryngkham.
It is also necessary that the traders who buy agricultural products from the farmers respect the decision of the Syiem for the benefit of all.
“I have tried to talk to the contractors, but they have said it is up to the government to take care of this.
Hep now felt confident and owned it.
Pressure groups emerge only in and around the city.
“Even the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma has already informed this in the Budget Session.
Superintendent of Police Davis NR Marak said the summons was based on evidence seen through photographs and videos.
The incident was found on Saturday morning, when the body of the man was found hanging on a pole inside the house where he lived with his children.
Shillong, June 11: The Syiem of Mylliem Hima has announced that the Dorbar of San Kur Khad and Kur will be held on the 16th of this month. The 'Maw Tehblang' will be open at 9 pm.
In another match of the U-16 Vijay, Meghalaya took the lead by 92 runs against Nagaland in the U-16 Vijay North East Zone at Golaghat, Assam.
The All Meghalaya Poultry Suppliers and Retailers Association (APOA) on July 22, 2013, came to explain to the public about the news of the disease. it is the absence of truth.
SCA-A players: Aashish K Lohar, Dipayan Nandi, Arman Chettri, Rithick K Kshir, Samelawan S Nongkseh, Rudra S Rathor, Mewankitbok M Kharpuri, Rohan Moor, Vedanth Vadera, Rohit Sharma, Gaurav J Thakuria, Abagtha JK Marak , Advay Ratan Surana, Krishiv Chaudhary.
Noting that despite many comments, the party has not been suspended, Dr. Buam said, “If we are suspended, in the first month when we announced, we have suspended all because pressure, but here we are united together as members of the union.
However, their political career also has to be carefully considered.
That night Hep told his mother that he had a young love for Lydia.
PMAY-G is a scheme allocated by the Central Government to build houses for the poor and homeless across India. The allocation is T.1,20,0 For those living in the north, 60 per household will be paid by the Central Government and 40 per household by the State Government. percent of the funds will be provided by the Government and 10 percent by the State Government.
Hundreds of years before the Mikirs (Karbi) came to live in this area, we Khasi Pnars did not exist.
My request to the HNLC leaders is to think and reverse the decision you have taken and inform the government,” said Bah Tynsong.
In the Quiz category, Sandra Kupar Lyngdoh Kynshi and Kyrshanbor L Nongbri from Team-C became the winners.
Many explanations have been given on this subject.
Many explain that this disease has a long history and that it is not yet over.
Meanwhile, in the match between Hala-Shlem Football Club and Younger's United Football Club at 3 pm, the match was very interesting and exciting from the start to the end. At the end of the minutes, no one could score a single goal.
The blood donation was led by Dr.P Shylla, Head of Blood Bank, Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong together with her team.
Commercial vehicles with odd numbers ending in 1-3-5-7-9, should travel only on Tuesdays, Tuesdays and Thursdays while commercial vehicles with odd numbers ending in The even numbers including 0,2,4,6,8 will be valid only on Tuesdays, Fridays and Saturdays.
Trucks used to travel from the Pasyih-Kyndong-Mynso road to Nangbah and Nartiang.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) on Tuesday said it is too early to celebrate the social agreement between Meghalaya and Assam to resolve the border issue.
Speaking on the occasion, after about 10 months of voting, Ampareen said that the counting is the custom of political parties but the MP elections are not easy to count in advance. There is no counting on the part of the party but there is no reason to say anything.
In Group-B, Mawlai SC will beat Synroplang 77 at 2:30 pm, while Lumparing will beat Maw U-tieng at 2:30 pm. at 4:15 p.m.
The selection and recognition of this young man has brought pride not only to the state but also to the entire region.
The court said this while hearing the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) of Bah Philip Khrawbok Shati on the congestion of Shillong roads on Friday. Therefore, the state government has not sent a complaint.
Shillong, March 3 : The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has accused the ruling National People's Party (NPP) of failing to account for its expenditure during the elections to the Election Commission of India. India (ECI) and besides that it has lied and cheated on the ownership of its land as shown in the Audit Annual Financial Report sent to the ECI. “It is clear that the NPP wants to hide its assets not only from the people but also from the ECI,” said AITC spokesperson Saket Gokhale.
This rangbah has been a true lover of the Khasi people from the bottom of his heart. He is the one who encourages our people to have many children because the people are still low paid. compare with other ethnic groups in India.
The raid came a day after the Meghalaya High Court ordered the Director General of Police (DGP) to search and arrest all the owners of illegal coke factories in the state.
The Nation yearns for full freedom so that citizens men, women and others can participate fully in politics and various activities.
The Mountain Leaders felt the need to call on the country, as Nelson said, “the British expect each of you to do your duty” and thus began the LEHNOH ( Direct Action).
“So, we have discussed this with many colleges and we have also discussed to help and support them.
They have misled the Hynniew-Trep people. We have not yet got those leaders who truly love their own people as the Garo leaders love and treat their own Garo people.
He warned the Narendra Modi government that if it does not implement the Swaminathan report, the farmers will turn against him in the 2019 elections.
The vehicle belongs to Kong Ranisha Kyrsian, who gave it to the man for sale since 28-03-2022, but until now he has not returned the vehicle. and man knoweth not whither he goeth.
Regarding the Land Transfer Act, it is not allowed to sell land to foreigners, but he was surprised how the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has given land to foreigners. that bar state.
Shillong, March 31: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Tuesday handed over a letter to the Commissioner & Secretary of GAD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar. Ripnar Lyngdoh regarding the delay of the State Government to change the name of the Zig-Zag Road at the Dorbar Shnong KOR to Hoping Stone Lyngdoh Road.
Diness sustained serious injuries to his neck and right ear.
Speaking to reporters, Kong Magret Rymbai, President of the Seng Longkmie Mawroh, said that the reason why the Longkmie have decided to clean up the Nala themselves is because there are no cleaners. take action to clean up the garbage in the Nala.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of the Meghalaya Joint Action Committee on Commercial Vehicles, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa, said that their meeting with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare was to request the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to Remove the odd even number of vehicles.
The court also directed that besides the provision of electricity in the government health centres, there should also be a plan B regarding the provision of electricity.
All the villages have received food aid during the COVID 19 pandemic.
The Man of the Match was awarded to Regardful Lapasam of the Cultural Youth Club Mowkaiaw.
The journalist, Lakshmi Subramaniam, posted a picture on her Twitter account, in which she showed the Governor still touching her neck and she was surprised how the Governor, and in this distance.
“We have put forward this demand to the government that they want to divide this work so that the contractors from this area can also benefit from this scheme,” he added.
The SSA has no information regarding the fixtures of the 2nd Division I League.
Dame Syih scored the only goal for Nangkiew Irat in the 26th minute.
Referring to the meeting, the BJP said it will introduce the CAB if it comes back to power to protect religions and also to protect the development and The population of the Eastern States is the same.
The UDP has already decided to nominate Dr Jemino as the MDA candidate for the upcoming MP elections from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
If they lose their jobs, they are paid their wages and female workers do not get maternity leave.
The Joint Chief Organizer of the UDP-YW, Bah Auguster Jyrwa said that if the NPP pays for Conrad's helicopter trip, it means that the NPP is a rich party and only in one term of my reign.
Guwahati, Nailur 9: The Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) in collaboration with the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Trade and Development, Canada has launched a similar program with the European Union on CleanTech. Last month, the North East CleanTech Summit, the first in the North East, was held by the ICC, which was sponsored by Oil India Limited.
“This statement came after the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also the In-charge Parliamentary Affairs Prestone Tynsong requested for the removal of these allegations against Mukul Sangma. The CM of the state, urged the member from Songak to refrain from spreading the message through the photographs.
The Sohjer Committee has decided to start from the 17th to the 20th of this month at 9 mer Baridua in Ri-Bhoi.
Shillong, Nailar : Two persons were arrested by the Border Security Force (BSF) of 43 Bn Meghalaya on the 22nd of this month in collaboration with the State Police. kilograms of Shini were smuggled into Bangladesh through the border areas of South Garo Hills.
Four of the deaths were from East Khasi Hills District: 03 and West Khasi Hills District:
In West Garo Hills, there are 19 cases including 17 high risk contacts, one screening case and one returnee.
It is also prohibited to do these in any private buildings or wells without the permission of the owners, and the final approval will be through the office of the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills.
“As the goal of the BJP is the country first, the party second and ourselves second, we obey and respect the decision of the CEC and the orders from the higher authorities,” he said.
In the past 24 hours, no new cases have been reported but 6 people have recovered from the disease.
Police in West Jaintia Hills District have arrested another suspect in connection with the murder of Pynkhreh Surong on Tuesday.
Words can also be compared that can count the relationship between the adjective and the adverb to enhance the meaning of the word according to the weight of the word.
Bah Sanbor Shullai assured that if the people elect him, his main task is to solve the problems related to the coal mining industry in a short period of time.
He also thinks about the needs of his sister so that she too can stand firm on her own feet.
Furthermore, the stinginess and stinginess of those in power and those who took this decision, who did not dare to call for a discussion on the issues that the sports organizations and sportsmen have expressed through writings.
However, it is sad to say here that all the explanations, programmes, mock drills have turned out to be unpleasant.
When it became known that the Umphniang vehicle had overturned at this place, the residents and especially the drivers, went to stand near the vehicle which overturned and that was to tong ei. the oil that fell from the oil carrier.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep People's Federation (HPF) Tyrso Circle, under the leadership of Bah Jesril Mangu, President, Shillong, together with the leaders of the Tyrso Circle, Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday launched a campaign to raid foreigners across the border area. Block II, Block II, Mawlasnai, Umjatalong, Umsaw, Umshingkat and Birsiej.
Shillong, March 12: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HANM) has decided to hold a protest at Jantar Mantar, Delhi on the 3rd November, 2023 to convey to the Central Government the demands of the Central Government. still pending today.
“The construction method is very simple, but it will significantly reduce the temperature in Telangana, which is a hot place during the summer and the cool-roof technology will significantly reduce the electricity consumption. and also carbon dioxide,” he said.
Also present at the meeting were MDC Bah Bindo Lanong, Syiem of Mylliem Hima Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, Rangbah Shnong, women, market dwellers and residents.
After a thorough discussion with the Executive Engineer of PWD (Roads) Mawkyrwat Division, Bah DM Pyngrope, they found that the empty seat has been installed recently and is still in the field. preparation and maintenance of the room of the Head Assistant.
This was perhaps the longest reply that the Prime Minister would give in the House for more than 3 hours on the budget debate, in which he tried to answer all the issues raised by the MLAs. Conrad stood up to answer at 5.05 pm and finished at 8:17 pm, which lasted more than three hours.
On the other hand, the Seng has urged the authorities to issue a strong warning to the MVI who did not want to be named.
The meeting was witnessed by BDO Khliehriat T Shylla and conducted by Shaniahskhem Dkhar President MSCSO. Saturday.
The visit was part of the commemoration of the contribution of the late PA Sangma, who was buried during his lifetime.
Two of them have received a complaint from the Kur Kharshiing for forging an affidavit to the Kharshiing clan but after investigation it was found that they were not and they were removed from the voter list.
So perhaps our nation will not understand.
Shillong, November 10: The Enforcement Department of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday raided Porkut village in Nongjri and Sahitrai areas of Kulang, South West Khasi Hills. Limited (MMPL) has set up a camp to seize the seized materials in 2014 after the Council no longer issued a license to mine uranium.
In the second half, M.Khongwir (11min) and H.Lynrah (49min) scored two goals for Mawlai SC.
Shillong: Shillong College will be closed from the 9th to the 13th of this month.
These organizations include the All Assam Students' Union (AASU), the All Bodo Students Union (ABSU), the All Moraan Students Union (AMSU) and others.
The people have fulfilled their duty, but that fulfillment has been so slow that it has forced the MLAs to leave the bus which has started to overcrowd.
Meghalaya have reached the semifinals of the 1st North East Inter State Friendship Tournament held in Nagaland after Manipur beat Arunachal Pradesh in the first leg of the tournament.
Pala's reply to a question from reporters on Pynshngain's statement that the government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma is not working properly.
Police are investigating the case.
There is a special relationship between the Priests and the Holy Eucharist and without the Priests there would be no Eucharist, without the Eucharist we could not live.
Narleng (3/11) and Makdoh (3/30) took three wickets each while Suraj Kapri (1/6) took three wickets each.
He said that the BJP is the first party to field candidates from all 60 constituencies in Meghalaya and as a party we have no doubt that it will be able to form a government later. of the 2023 election in Meghalaya.
This time, the players from Garo Hills have appeared in the squad for the tournament in Odisha.
The bill is for the purpose of bringing about development works in the villages in urban and rural areas through the central government.
He said that he joined the BJP without pride and joined the UDP without pride.
Let the Rngiew-ka Bishi, the ksaw-ka book, sit rwiang and stir up the minds of all; and I will grow up.
Ronan Bazeley finished first in the Open in 3:13:53, followed by Stephen Sympli in second (3:07:00). and Sheldon Synnah came third (3:09:38).
They are unemployed youth, unpaid and underpaid teachers.
“Think about it now people are expressing their desire for change, if I win and if the schemes are not clear and I respect only those who have positions, you the people will face I don't want to do that.
The Quarter Final will be played again today, where Shangpung Khliehmuchut will face Khliehmynkrem.
Its purpose is to take advantage of the rights, customs and traditions of the Garo people.
On the other hand, Myntri Kharlukhih, who is in charge of the Finance of the Hima Mylliem, has urged all the Ministers of the Hima to attend the public meeting on the 12th so that the meeting will be a successful one. .
Up to 2 tonnes of new fish have been caught on 4th October 2023. All species of fish except silver carp will be weighed.
Speaking to reporters, the HSPDP leaders said that this is not the first time, but the third time, “First it was decided at the EC meeting, The second was decided at the ARPA Meeting,” said Morningstar Mawsor.
The FTCCM after receiving a letter of request to the DC and expressed all the concerns regarding the lack of SDO office to allow vehicles to enter Bangladesh per day.
Shillong, Nailur 14: The Government through the Department of District Council Affairs (DCA) is examining the report on the expenditure of funds of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) submitted by the Chairman of the Judicial Inquiry (GHADC). PG Agarwal's retirement.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: Police of Sohra Police Station today at 4 pm received a complaint from Bah Aron Singh Lyndem of Khliehshnong, Sohra that on the 3rd of this month, the son of Phindakerlang Tariang, 6 years old, has been raped by a 13-year-old boy. Lyndem has lodged a complaint against Shan Singh Hynniewta, a child from Sohra. 10 am in the morning.
Shillong: The Community Quarantine Center of Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong has been closed on July 30. A short meeting was held in the presence of Rangbah Dong, Asha, Aganwadi, Sordar, Mawryngkneng Dorbar Shnong. The meeting was conducted by the Convener of the VLC, Bah Kesmanful Nongpluh.
However, it is a fact that Christianity came to India only about 2000 years ago and spread to the people known as Syrian Christians.
The disciples of Jesus still thought that Jesus was looking at the great Temple in Jerusalem, but Jesus was looking at the hearts of the Jewish people, the scribes, the Pharisees and the people.
Khimmusniang tied 128 runs in 19.2 overs for the loss of all wickets.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has held a public meeting in Pynursla to condemn and demand that the Government should punish the BSF. who are involved.
“He said that this reservation policy is not the wish of the VPP, not the wish of the state, not the wish of the youth, but it is a need.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The annual climb of the Khasi Khara to the top of Lum Sohpetbneng organized by the Lum Sohpetbneng Committee of the Seng Khasi (Kmie), will be held on the 7th June,
Shillong, March 06: The Meghalaya High Court (MHH) has said that the party has no leader in the KHADC but they will soon elect a leader in the KHADC. It has sought the opinion of the Attorney General (AG) of India on the PIL filed by the leader of the Maitshaph Rang Movement, Bah Michael N Syiem.
Alphons said that when the BJP came to power, it was running according to the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to provide clean and fair governance for economic development and to eliminate corruption.
When asked whether the NPP has any attempt to invite the UDP MLAs to join the NPP, Paul replied, “If they can come and talk, why don't we? We can talk to them to join the UDP. Why should we join alone?”.
Highlander said that his joining the PDF was in agreement with his leaders and supporters who used to be in the UDP and who opposed the decision of Dr Donkupar Roy. The UDP and HSPDP have reached an agreement to allow the HSPDP from this constituency for the 2018 MLA election.
In the second leg, Nangbah Iawmusiang beat Chilliangraij 3-0
He slammed the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) for trying to violate the Housing Act by claiming that it has handed over to the district councils but it is the old government which did so on the 14th. November 10, 2017.
Shillong, March 13: The UDP Women's Wing Mawlai Circle has resigned from the party in a shocking incident.
Antarctica, the coldest place in the world, has reached 18.3 degrees centigrade on the 6th of this month.
The matches tomorrow 31st will be between Royal Pole Mihmyntdu vs Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club at 11 am, Mukhla Umlangshor vs Mookyrdup at 1 pm and Mookynphad Mihmyntdu vs Pasyih Cultural and Sports Club at 1 pm. Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer's haka after 3 pm.
Buckingham Palace, or the residence of the King of England, is in dire straits these days, due to the increasing number of large and small insects as well.
The fish swim happily in the July streams which cover the sky. The fish stir up the water on the rocks, on the rocks until it covers the whole sky.
However, it takes years for you to regain a clean and free life from these drinks that destroy you and your family and the nation.
Israel has prepared and mobilized thousands of troops to prepare for the next round of attacks.
The family members have accused the hospital staff of not listening to the patient even though the 23-year-old complained that he could not breathe properly.
Bah Sumar passed away at his home in Umroi, Ri-Bhoi District at about 10 pm.
The number 30 in the Bible refers to manhood – Joseph was 30 years old when he began to enter the Egyptian Empire (Gen.41:46); David was 30 years old when he began to reign over Israel (2Sam.5:4); Jesus was 30 years old when he began his public ministry (Lk.3:23).
And Moses besought the LORD, and said, LORD, why doth thy wrath wax hot against thy people, which thou hast brought forth out of the land of Egypt with great power, and with a mighty hand? of me.
Jesus was not only a teacher of morality and good living, but also a fighter and fighter to bring about the Kingdom of God.
Amou Haji has a reputation as the darkest person in the world and never tries to sum himself, because he is afraid that if he sums himself, he will get sick and die.
Police also seized drug manufacturing machines.
Once again at this time “Ma Khian Laisuk laisaiñ Bam kwai in the door of God, peace in the house of God”, as you have become a Sangia, pray for us. and they came from far and near.
The coronavirus outbreak in China has killed 56 people so far, with 15 deaths in the past 24 hours, the report said.
“In my opinion, I don't know whether to vote or not, because I'm confused because I don't hear who they (candidates) are campaigning for us if they go to campaign, or what they will do. and how they think for our future,” said Bah Dkhar.
He also reminded that the knowledge of reading should start from the homestead to set an example for the children to enjoy and enjoy reading.
He also explained how various programs of the State Government in the fields of sports, music, employment have worked with the youth so that they can use their talents in constructive activities. and not getting addicted to drugs.
Jowai: Dakani Shullai, daughter of former Jowai MLA Singh Mulieh and Amita Shullai, has won the Post Graduate Examination. ha ka Criminal Law and Criminal Justice of Pondichery Central University.
It is learned that the baby boy is in good health and his growth is normal.
On the other hand, the Minister also addressed the issues related to the problems and violence and urged the authorities and the community to work together to eradicate the violence. to commit crimes against children.
Recently, the Minister of State has delivered black pepper seeds to the farmers of the area so that they can generate income by cultivating this crop.
The judge fined Kharpuri T.20,000 and ordered that the money should be paid to the Director, Social Welfare Department, to help those children who are in need of treatment.
This is not only a sign of the delegates' determination to preserve the environment but also shows their support for the mission of IIM Shillong to build a sustainable and life-supporting world.
Shillong: There have been 293 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on 13th November 2013 attended the closing ceremony of the Silver Jubilee of Kymprup Higher Secondary School, Sahsniang-A. JHADC MDCs including Sohmynting MDC Lakhon Dkhar, Mowkaiaw MDC, Habahun Dkhar Saphai MDC, Nidamon Chullet and others.
I cannot say who is skilled or who passes at this higher level.
It is for this reason that the government has sent dozens of well-armed police personnel to patrol or curb ethnic violence.
According to the exit poll, the BJP will form another government in Tripura, the NDPP will form another government in Nagaland and a coalition government will form in Meghalaya.
It is better for those who have cars not to set them for a while while the Corona virus is still spreading.
“Therefore, we cannot summarize or summarize our discussion and explanation and send it to the Government, until these political parties come forward with legal documents on the proposal for amendment. , to remove or include requirements in the policy," she said.
“In such hot areas, the residents are also very susceptible to various diseases, so if it is not enough to provide treatment in public places in nearby areas, it will “It is difficult for the people to go to better health facilities in case of emergency,” said Bah Jayson Nongrum.
Out of the 12 Ministers, only six Government Ministers attended the meeting including the Prime Minister.
“After the meeting, it was decided to allow the use of fertilizers and the people should understand that the department in charge of giving approval is the Ministry of Agriculture and not other departments in charge of the parties. “I don't have many MLAs,” said Bah Egenstar, adding that once the work is done, others will start working.
The KSU has just inspected the PHC and has demanded through the media to upgrade the PHC to the status of CHC. KSU Nehu Unit under the leadership of Assistant Finance Secretary Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Pynshai Kupar Dkhar and other members of the KSU Nehu Unit today led a meeting with the KSU Nehu Unit. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth, has demanded a ban on travel from one state to another and the cancellation of the Inter State Transit Pass to curb the spread of COVID-1
In the women's 10K category of 40-44 years, Bandana Baruah came first, Benita Nongrum from the state came second and Basanti Sonar came third.
Lanong said that the Congress party itself does not have unity and even in their meetings there is a group that goes and there is a group that does not go and the people will judge that.
The ANTF also seized four mobile phones and T.63,4
Meanwhile, LSYA in their turn to tied scored 54 runs for the loss of three wickets.
In a democratic country, each of us has the right to speak out against corruption because this means that the money should come to the people in the form of good roads and paths. It is not like the roads we see today, which are covered with snow.
Mukul said the National Highway 127B which will connect North Bengal and part of Meghalaya through the Brahmaputra River will provide trade services between Bhutan, Nepal, the North East and Bangladesh.
Police have also seized the weapons suspected to have been used in the incident and the investigation into the incident is ongoing. The suspect in the crime is still undergoing treatment.
Chile led 2-0 by the end of the first half.
Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today erected banners in several parts of Shillong including the Secretariat, Mot Kiang Nangbah, Khyndailad, Motphran, Laitumkhrah and Golf Links to commemorate the four. Khasi in the village of Mukroh.
The statement said that the Bill does not specify who will be called a Mynder or who is a Mynder and there is no restriction on Mynder to enter the state border.
Agnes Kharshiing was arrested by the police after the driver of MUDA and her Executive Engineer lodged a complaint against her at Rynjah Police Station.
Tynshain Krem, Education Secretary, KSU West Jaintia Hills District Unit, said that the success of the youth in any field they do is a blessing and benefit to the country and the nation as a whole.
“I have taken this to the Legislative Assembly and sent a letter to the Prime Minister on the need to improve the road from Umtyngngar to Sohra,” he said. this is the road.
There are 28 schools in the Under-17 Boys category, 26 schools in the Under-14 Boys category and 9 schools in the Under-17 Girls category.
The NPP and Congress have also formed the Khasi Hills Democratic Front to lead the new EC.
The network in Pynursla area has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the area, due to the excessive failure of the network and the residents have complained about the failure of the network because they are suffering because their jobs need to be sent. to the employees through mobile phone to explain it because they feel difficult to leave by themselves because it will take more time, and will affect their other activities.
The President of the Sengkmie said that the Minister of Agriculture has informed him that he wants to attend the meeting of the farmers and the Sengkmie welcomes them. He said that he hoped that something could be done about the problem faced by the farmers regarding the illegal kilo cutting of agricultural products.
She is a passionate sportswoman and has won many awards and brought fame and glory to her state.
At the same time, the court requested for a report to be submitted by the Government within four months.
“If you are my lover, you must have my approval.
“We have thought and wondered what we will do for this anniversary, but finally we feel that it is up to us to take action by cleaning up the Umshing River. “ said Sngewbhalang Bamon, President of the Domestic Workers Union.
“They are trying to run the vote bank politics without thinking what will happen, the Congress does not run the vote bank politics, we run the love of the people,” he said.
The first match of the SSA U-20 4th Division Football League 2023 will start at 3:30 pm today. The first match will be between Risa Colony SC and Laitkroh SC. Diengpasoh SC will play against Pommura SC at 5:30 pm.
The directives of the department state that gambling is illegal in many parts of India, so advertisements on these gambling platforms are also illegal.
Therefore, what is needed is that as fellow human beings, we need to understand each other, and we also need to learn from each other how not to get too angry or hostile.
The party also demanded the removal of three MPs from Meghalaya, Shillong MP Vincent H. Pala, Tura MP Agatha Sangma and Rajya Sabha MP Dr. Wanwei. Roy Kharlukhi to take action as elected leaders to speak in Parliament regarding the demand of the people of Meghalaya to include the Khasi language in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution. India, the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit in the state and to address the problems of the people living on the border.
Now let us come to the story I want to tell you and it is about the discussion on the complaint against the newspaper Ka Pyrta U Riewlum.
Meghalaya scored 64 runs for the loss of five wickets in 22 overs.
Jowai, Naitung 14: A bus (ML05 W 3993) from Umrangso Assam to Shillong collided with a 16 wheeler truck at 6:00 pm on Thursday morning. The incident happened at Khonshong village, West Jaintia Hills, a few kilometers from Iooksi village, according to the residents of the area.
Suddenly, the woman was guarded by an elderly man who used to give birth and who is a relative of the family and she could not give birth because she could not wait until the nurses arrived. , said the Old Man.
After the two signed for Marvel films, they didn't get much opportunity to act in other parts of the films and this really hurt them.
The entrance fee for each group is Rs.3,000/- (Three thousand tyngka), and for more information please call 9366989475, 7421934059, 9863828205 or contact Naphi Sport GS-Road Motphran.
We call on everyone, especially the elderly, to take these precautions," Paul said.
Two persons were arrested and 97 cows worth T.55 lakh were seized from three trucks.
The tournament will continue with another quarter final match on the 9th of this month between Sengkhihlang FC and YFC Trangblang at 2 pm.
“I have directed the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills to set up a peace committee because why do they (Pnar-Karbi) continue to fight from time to time,” said Bah Dhar. news on Sunday.
JSU War Jaintia Circle President Eddy Kery Pohtam said that the people of Ri War Jaintia Circle have the same right to access health services as in other areas and that the JSU believes in the symbol. GVK-EMRI has decided to send 108 Ambulances as soon as possible to provide assistance to the injured or sick.
Shillong, Iaiong 17: The arrival of tourists in Sohra has not benefited the people of Sohra but has only polluted the surrounding area. They don't spend even a penny to buy the goods sold by the people but even the food they bring from abroad.
KHADC CEM Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit said that the KSU leaders are pleased with the work of the current EC.
However, if we look closely at our nation, we can find other shortcomings, especially in relation to women.
The Regional Committee was headed by the Chief Executive Member of JHADC, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar as Chairman, Bah Comingone Ymbon as Vice Chairman. MDC Aiborlang Shadap and District Administration including Deputy Commissioner BS Sohliya and ADC MA Challam.
The State Bank of India (SBI) has filed a complaint against 28 banks and other financial institutions that have been defrauded of Rs 22,842 crore. The amount of Rs 7,089 crore was received from ICICI Bank, Rs 3,639 crore from IDBI Bank, Rs 2,925 crore from State Bank, Rs 1,614 crore from Bank of Baroda and Rs 1,244 crore from Punjab National Bank. and from others.
Regarding the cleaning of these Mawbynna and Signboards, Bah Sadon K.Blah, said that the party through its office bearers in Ri Bhoi, has cleaned up these places every year, before the it's Christmas.
“Our village has 65 households and all the time, this area is water-scarce and during the rainy season, they leave from the village to the farm to the lyngkha, or to the forest where there is water,” he said. said the chief of the village.
He said the Act East Policy of the BJP Government will make the state a growing economy through an allocation of T.90,000 crore in the next two to three years.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister said, “The police raid on the farmhouse of the BJP vice president is in accordance with the rules, according to sufficient evidence and “According to the law and the police have followed this according to the law, I have not received any opinion or explanation from my side on this matter”.
The match will be played at the Third Ground and Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium.
"We have not received the amount agreed upon from Manas Joshi of T.50 lakh including accommodation fees, payment of costume designers, costume designers and other expenses," said Bah Arif Mukhim. one of the dressmakers of Shill said.
December 30, 2022 There are many reasons why you shouldn't buy these products.
Shillong: There are 95 new cases of covid-19 in the state.
Many Christians today have promised to follow Jesus, as did the scribe who promised to follow Jesus wherever he went.
On the same day, the Secretary of the Hima also handed over a petition to Dr. Don and in the petition, the Hima, has put forward several issues including to improve and clean up the Langpih road, to upgrade the school to a Higher Secondary and also to bring a Sub Center in the village.
For example, the introduction of the MGNREGS scheme has made it easier for the people to take advantage of the opportunity to get jobs at home without having to go to other villages in search of jobs.
In his speech, he also urged the 182 youths who received the awards today to follow the example and ask themselves if the elders who have gone to before them, who have shown them their ability to reach the goal of success in many fields or reach the top of the mountain of glory, why can't they do it.
In 2009 he was appointed as the Procurator of Jowai District until
He said the implementation will be up to the DCs to inform the Census Department so that it can proceed.
I will work, who will stop?  Isaiah 43:10–13.
There are 54 Clusters in 18 blocks in 75 rural villages and will expand to 1350 households to benefit 1.47 lakh households.
Furthermore, the party will also submit a petition to the MLA of Nongpoh and also to meet with the Chief Minister in the coming months to implement the demand for the appointment of the Chief Minister. 132/33KV Sub Station in Nongpoh, for the supply of electricity in Nongpoh area as in other districts of the state.
Shaniah Dkhar scored the second goal (22, 46).
At the same time, he raised questions on the investment in non-scheduled areas by the hill tribes.
They said that the MBoSE has not only changed and surprised the question papers but has also complicated/twisted the question papers for each subject, whether it is History, Civic, Geography and Cheap.
Bindo said that due to the large number of applicants, the party has not yet released the list of candidates which is scheduled to be released on the 16th of this month.
Standing on this bridge, you can enjoy the beautiful views up and down the river.
For the Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) rice, one AAY FI Card will be distributed in the amount of 35 kg at the rate of Rs.3/- per kg for urban and rural areas.
Without our own Government, our own state and our own leaders from our own state, is there peace? At this time, the Government of India wants to introduce a railway line through Shillong to Jaintia. and ter-ter until the end of Mizoram, what else shall we talk about the entry of mynder ri? The danger of the SVAMITVA Act, to dig up the land, is that thousands of mynder have entered the villages and townships around the country, living for 15-16 years? Doesn't it mean to send 'si kpa to exterminate these shikham-arkham paid riewlum shim jait kpa, who are also land owners, not like the owners of the Government everywhere? but with these requests.
“Our nation is only a step ahead of India and the existence of the 6th Scheduled will protect us minorities, our land, our culture, I want to strengthen them,” she said.
We should think carefully about the impact on our health and not just rejoice.
Prestone said that the state government will send the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and they should follow them strictly.
Drinking alcohol or any other alcoholic beverages during pregnancy can lead to miscarriage.
He said that as a BJP member, after all the requirements have been met, he will personally talk to the BJP leaders in Delhi.
He said that recently, the DC has invited applications for the vacancies only online, but this has created problems for the people of West Khasi Hills as many villages do not have internet and this has caused problems. It prompted him to write to demand that young people should be allowed to apply offline.
Under-19 Mixed Doubles – Given Warder Lyngdoh and Judita Wanniang, Men Open Single – Given Warder Lyngdoh, Men Open Double – Superson Wahlang and Kynsaibor Thongni, Women's Open Single – Balancy Lyngkhoi and Open Women's Double Balance Lyngkhoi and Joyful Nongrem.
Replying to a question by the Umroi MLA on the installation of boundary stones on the border with Assam, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma said the government is still fighting to resolve the border with Assam.
Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech said it was a pleasure to inaugurate this building which has provided services to the children in education and promised to assist for the improvement of the school.
It was also appropriate to blame the voters if the leaders cannot work properly or cannot advocate properly in the Iing Dorbar.
The leaders confirmed by the HNYF as the leaders of the HNYF Umsawkhwan Unit include: President, Johny B. Nongkseh, Vice President, Nicky Nongkseh, General Secretary, Banshan Jala, Finance Secretary, Kitdor Nongkseh, Sports Secretary and other leaders and members of the Unit.
Such an unprecedented transformation of agriculture, the Lakadong Mission has the potential to significantly improve the income of farmers according to the vision of the Government of Meghalaya.
“It is through the existence of this Act that all the vacant land can be controlled,” he said. Replying to whether the government will amend the Act, the Prime Minister said that the government as it is now will not. However, if anyone wants to give their opinion, the government is ready to accept it.
Shembhalang Pyngrope scored 67 runs from 54 balls and Md. Muksodul Choudhury took two wickets. He scored 13 runs in 4 overs.
In a statement, Meghalaya Youth Congress President Richard Mrong Marak said that the Saubhagya scheme of the central government which aims to provide electricity to all households in the villages is only running for about 30-40 households. percent of the population is employed in Garo Hills.
Many of the residents of Meghalaya have already experienced difficulties in their lives due to the lack of ability in many areas which prevents them from running their activities smoothly. .
The EBFA Act has the purpose of controlling the influx of foreigners, because at that time, there were no schools and no students from abroad, no employees from abroad, because There are no offices at all and there is no agriculture or trade and the need for staff is very low.
Sarah Shibani was surprised to find that her child was not there and someone had taken her away. At that time, Shibani was surprised to find that her child was not there. It was suspected that it was Sarah, for Sarah had left the house that same day.
The Minister said that the land for the construction of the exits and entrances has already been taken in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and what remains is to get the NOC from the District Councils. has already taken place.
Speaking to reporters, John F Kharshiing said that the Chief Executive Members have informed that the Hima and Elaka laws should not be made salonsar by one law, but their laws should be recognized. Hima and Elaka because one Hima has different laws from another Hima and so does the Elaka.
There are those who have this Bamkhana on Sngikhraw 25th November.
After receiving information about the condition of the school, the KSU Mawshynrut Circle under the leadership of its General Secretary Ulysis Ryntong visited the school and found that there are many shortcomings inside the school. from the school building and others.
Nongstoin, Lber 26: A man from Riangmaw village, West Khasi Hills District, on Saturday lodged a complaint at the Nongstoin Police Station against those involved in the theft of a house. Your Challan is yours.
This is a violation of human rights. This is sad and unacceptable.
Mawtajuh, 8 Lber:After 14 months of not receiving ration, the residents of Nongbah Mawshuit, Khad-ar Shnong, have received ration but have not received it all. They have received only 10 months while the remaining four months, the ration distributor, Bah Hem Khongrymmai, has promised to distribute later.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : Tickets are almost sold out for the concert of world famous singer Calum Scott on 20th October 2024 at Lariti Hall. New Shillong.
Albinus Lamurong from the PDF from Sumer Constituency received only 97 votes while UDP candidate Krison Langstang won with 1885 votes.
Modi bowed down and thanked her feet, while she held her beloved son by the head with a strong sword.
Ask why you don't use plastic.
The UDP MLA said it is time for the city department to take appropriate policies to clean up Shillong.
The MSSASA leader appealed to the parents of the students and the public to support the SSA teachers who are protesting for their rights.
Shillong, June 25 : After the Viswa Hindu Parishad (VHP) started violence against Christians by chanting 'Jai Sreeram' in front of Laban Presbyterian Church on the 2nd of this month, another The Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) has begun to stand firm in the Khasi-Pnar community.
The event was enriched by the performance and singing by the youth of this village.
These Hindu groups demanded the removal of all statues of Jesus Christ and Mary as well as crosses from Mission Schools.
“However, the party will soon sit down and take a decision on this issue.
Synnah said that out of the 272 districts in India which have been identified as drug addicts, West Jaintia Hills is one of them.
The tournament is scheduled to start on Friday in Bhubaneswar.
The third scheme, Ms Toi explained about the scheme which can only be used for Misteri workers by registering at the Labor Office. The time spent on duty is up to 5 lakh tyngka and if disabled due to injury they will receive 1 thousand tyngka per month, so she urges all the Mysteries to take advantage of this opportunity.
SHILLONG: The National People's Party (NPP) has appointed Dr. DD Lapang as the National Vice President of the party.
The officers of the district have been directed to remain at their places of work during these days in case the people need them at any time.
Rosie Kalita lodged a complaint on 12th July 2020 and the investigation revealed that the checks were from Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking at a party meeting in Mawshynrut, Dr Mukul said one of the promises of the NPP-led MDA government was to lift the ban on coal mining only six months after the formation of the government but without success. This is even though their five years have come to an end.
All the finals of 13 bouts were held on this day, in which Shiva Thapa from Assam, Amit Panghal from Services and Sanjeet from Services won.
One of the reasons why this campaign has succeeded is because people have gradually gained confidence in the vaccine and the vaccination process despite many attempts to create suspicion and confusion. .
“Don't want to look back on the year 2013 because if you look back it will be a shame to the State Government because the money they release is because the government has paid the ASHAs by not paying the Meghalaya ASHAs. MBS and Meghalaya Maternity Benefit Scheme (MMBS), she said.
Future sustainability: A vision of future water sustainability and sustainability through visual art exercises, with a special focus on the challenges faced by related mountainous areas and water shortage and thirst.
This is the second time that the Prime Minister has attended the opening ceremony of the meeting with the Union Ministers.
Batskhem Myrboh, General Secretary, said in a statement.
Until now, the Adhoc teachers have continued their protest by sitting in front of the MBoSE office every day to demand that the State Government should implement this demand.
In this way we can fight and protect the community from the HIV/AIDS epidemic which is still spreading across the State.
" Which means, 'Reject religious or religious violence of any kind.
Although Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh has played with many of the best sports clubs in the country and has also played for the national team, this time he will play with the state team. The 76th National Football Championship for the Santosh Trophy has been a memorable journey for Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh.
The power outage has affected all the activities especially of those in the private sector and who cannot rely on the government to support them.
Jowai: To enforce Section 101 of the Meghalaya Police Act 2010, the SP of West Jaintia Hills, Sahep Lakador Syiem, today issued an order to impose a fine of up to 5000 tyngka on anyone who commits Jakhlia or Taroi as the Pnars say in all public places, whether on the highway, village road or park.
“After the Flying Squad arrived at the scene as complained by the KAM Meghalaya candidate with the allegation of money laundering, the Flying Squad did not find anything but the Election Commission has Please take action on this complaint,” said Bah Kharkongor.
These cigarettes and other types of Duma have been sold widely in almost all the shops and this has affected the sale of ITC cigarettes and not only that it has also caused a huge loss to the government.
He said that in the traditional custom of the Garo people, when they go to the funeral, food is prepared in the village where the incident took place for all those who came to participate.
It is to be recalled that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP, in 2022 before the MLA election 2023, has opened these two new blocks including the Rambrai C&RD block which is located in Rambrai C&RD Block in Nonglang Village.
However, it was found that most of the efforts of the district administration and villages have failed when the people including shopkeepers and vendors do not follow the COVID-19 rules, which has undermined the hard work of various villages. especially the village officials who do not receive anything or who work only as volunteers.
From 4 pm, while the residents were sleeping, they played the whole village with the boom-box.
While the discussion was going on, Angela Ryngad started to raise the issue of distinguishing between Khasi and Jaintia and said that the bill says that if a Khasi woman marries a non-Khasi, They will no longer be considered Khasi and if they marry a Jaintia, they will be considered Khasi.
Guwahati: Government employees of Assam on Saturday announced that they will strike on November 18 and protest against the Amendment Citizenship Act.
Most of the time, the families of such patients take them to a mental hospital like MIMHANS in Shillong.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Electricity Corporation Limited (MeECL) has refused to cut off electricity supply to those households who owe more than T.2,000 to MeECL. we're afraid.
Especially since there was no interruption in this ceremony so that it could go smoothly from the beginning to the end.
“Therefore, we are surprised that the Shillong Cantonment Board has no information regarding the presence of these illegal residents on its land.
The name of Bah Lapang has been sent to the Ri-Bhoi District Congress Committee for a decision to send it to the MPCC for further action.
And those who receive such things are the children of Satan if they do not understand and repent.
Immediately after the incident, Nongthymmai MLA Dr. Jemino Mawthoh visited the house, while Mylliem Block distributed emergency items such as rice, sugar and other items. pat food that will support for the week.
137.51 sq km, Khanapara, Pilangkata Mylliem.
In the men's category, Zephaniah R Dkhar of Chess Stars Higher Secondary School came first, Braxton Ryan Lamare came second and Damiki Nartiang came third from QC. Springside Higher Secondary School.
I am confident that the people of the state will elect the Congress candidate,” he said.
It is estimated that the gang has received all the money that came by cheating people by T.7 crore.
Nongpoh, March 25: Three children under the age of 12 years old were injured when an unidentified vehicle hit them while they were walking on the National Highway-6 near the village. Provincial, Ri-Bhoi District.
In another development, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) has celebrated the death anniversary of Tirot Singh.
“I have violated the Modified Constitution of the KSU Central Body, not the original Constitution of the KSU,” said Donbok. The current KSU Sengkmie under the leadership of Daniel and Auguster Jyrwa is not like the KSU Sengkmie led by Paul Lyngdoh, Samuel Jyrwa and others earlier. Mawda Mawdatbaaki unit said that the Central body has informed the units in Mawlai to continue their operations, although the Circle has been cancelled. Body shall appoint the President of the Circle.
He said the JAC needs to understand each other, because there are traders, there are shopkeepers and farmers.
Gardner also received the award for her performance and encouragement to the team which has once again defended its title in the Women's Championship. T20 World Cup in South Africa.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) candidate Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said it was the Congress party that started banning the consumption of beef and the symbol of the Congress used to be the cow and it was the Congress government that started advocating for the amendment of the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
We are not astrologers to predict what will happen.
“It is very unfair for those involved to steal the fuel purchased by the owners of petrol pumps in accordance with the government's guidelines because the fuel is very dangerous because it cannot “The investigation has started after the raid by the police in the past few days,” said the leaders, adding that the law will look into this matter.
Speaking to media, Idashisha said that 10 candidates from Manipur have passed the Civil Services examination conducted by the UPSC and three of them are students from Manipur. Shillong.
Therefore, the referees held a tie breakaket to decide the team that will reach the final in which Golden Lion FC won by 1 goal.
He said that the lack of delivery of rice to the rural areas is due to the one-sided trade, and this will cause suffering to the people if the rice does not reach these rural areas. It has to fight to ensure that there is no shortage of rice in all the villages in the state.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that 2480 samples have been sent for testing of which 2342 samples have been negative and 125 samples are pending. There are 13 positive cases out of which 10 have recovered, one has died and 2 are still positive.
He recalled the times when this work was carried out since the time of Bah SP Swer and Dr. FA Khonglam (eating kwai ha dwar u blei) but unfortunately he said that the current leader is Dr. Swer. Donkupar Roy has disappointed them.
“I have told them to be tolerant because I cannot say anything without getting the blueprint in my hand and I understand the feelings of the villagers and we from the government will not write the blueprint. “We will try to do what everyone will be happy with the decision we have taken,” said Prestone.
With this victory, Niaw Wasa, who won the MSL 2017, are still in the race to reach the semi final.
He also urged the youth and especially the women to increase the number of members of the group in order to curb illegal activities in the village.
Bah MH Dkhar spoke briefly in front of the statue of Kiang Nangbah by recalling the great deeds and selflessness of Kiangbah Nangbah, for the sake of the country and the nation, until he died. he gave his life for the sake of liberating the country and the nation from the slavery of a foreign government.
There was a news sent on WhatsApp that a priest from Khetri Divine Retreat Center said that Mary had appeared to him and ordered him to cleanse himself with blessed water and blessed water. Drink for a while to get rid of Coronavirus.
Therefore, the union urges the residents and the people of these villages to strongly oppose these coal burning factories, because if the factory comes, it will affect this area in all aspects especially in the health sector. It will also pollute the air we breathe every day, the farmland and especially the school children of this area and will affect the neighboring villages.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya has wished all the people a happy Holy Day and urged them to strengthen their prayers for the eradication of the corona virus.
Besides the Sub Centres, PHCs, there are also ASHAs who visit the homes of pregnant women to encourage them to go to the health centres.
(3) Receiving the Advice drives away all sorrows. In the midst of the turmoil without wine, Mary went to the place where the servants were, and without hesitation the servants ran away to the house of sorrow.
The NABH accreditation program sets standards for health facilities in India, including emergency care, to ensure that they provide quality and safe care.
During the inspection, it was found that the hostel has many areas that have been damaged and have started to collapse in many parts.
The poverty of the poor makes it easier for the rich during elections because many of them, not all, cannot afford to spend the money before deciding whom to support.
It is about these things that the Word of God says.
Shah was addressing a BJP rally in the North as part of the election campaign for the upcoming Assembly elections.
The bridge was inaugurated by Kong P Mawblei, who used to work closely with Bah Estansing in the presence of Bah DD L Nongbri, Sordar of Mawkyrdang. Mawkyrdang Sports Club President Bah B Lyngdoh and farmers from these three villages.
The Director of Agriculture shall confirm and provide information to the farmers or group of farmers.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul Sangma said that during his tenure as Prime Minister, I took care of the border issues, Assam has not yet responded to the letters I have sent.
South West Khasi Hills came fourth with 8 medals, including 2 gold, 3 silver and 3 bronze medals.
“We give our full support to the people of Mukroh who have demanded justice especially for those people who have suffered serious injuries and torture. Human Rights in the hands of the Assam Police.
The NSCN (I-M) is in the midst of peace talks with the Government of India.
The union urges the police to arrest immediately because the threat of murder, the threat of breaking into houses and the threat of destruction of property and property is a crime. The police should not count the number of cases.
“Today we didn't invite many but we invited only the former Congress leaders because we respect them and we don't want to forget them,” he said. They, who were able to hold the meeting on that day successfully.
Assam Health Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said at 11.35 pm that the new cases are from five districts and Dhubri has 23 cases. cases from Darrang, 12 cases from Kamrup Metro and 7 cases from Dibrugarh.
Therefore, the Hima Nongspung will not accept the signing of the MOU by the Prime Minister on the issue of boundary settlement as the Hima has lost the villages under the Hima in Meghalaya. The right of ownership as empowered by the Government of the Hima shall go to the Hon'ble Court for a fair trial in accordance with the rules or laws which have been empowered by the Hima; Raid and also the District Council should not have its own boundary, he added.
The group also congratulated NPYF General Secretary Ma Poipynhun Rynghang, Headmistress Infant School for Little Angles, Lumdaitkhla Sports Club Mr. Marshal Dhar, Mr. Michael Dhar, MLA Mr. Damanbait Lamare, Mr. NPYF President Mr. , Lumlang Lamare, Francis Dhar, Michael Susngi, NTCG Members and Calvin Nongkhlaw.
“The foreign officials who paid salaries to Kyrshan Dkhar to carry out the activities of the AJCCTA while he was in charge of the AJCCTA, but after they got secretary we expelled him and If he continues to try to claim himself as president, AJCCTA will take strong action,” said Balen.
The duty of counselors is often to listen carefully to what the patients say in order to understand how much the disease affects them and what treatment they need.
They beat St. Anthony's College 3-1 in the final which was played at the SAI Training Center on Friday.
Shillong: The Adviser to the State Education Department, Bah HM Shangpliang, today said that the Government will soon announce the members of the Text Book Review Committee to consult on the Syllabus and Curriculum. school.
Fourteenson Lyngkhoi, Chief Adviser of the District Youth Congress, sent his condolences to the family members of the mother and the injured.
Nongpoh: A young man who worked as a security guard of MeECL on the construction of the bridge at Pung Umiam, has died this morning after being electrocuted. .
Shillong, November 30: U Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh, Supreme Court Advocate and one of the writers of the State, on the 26th of this month, launched another book entitled, “Ki The Khasi Hills have disappeared.
This is the first time that the Hima Mylliem has done this to patrol the police,” said Minister J Nongkhlaw.
Your doctor can help you prescribe medication for these conditions.
He said that in these days as members of the Seng, we should be vigilant and cautious against the speeches and incitements of some people who are trying to divide the Jaidbynriew on the basis of the Seng. regional differences, religious differences and ethnic discrimination on the basis of the language we speak in different villages and townships of Ri-Hynñiewtrep.
According to the residents of these villages, if the Assam government does not take action to provide roads to these villages, it will be a big problem for the people in coming and going. There is not a single road built by the Meghalaya government to these Khasi villages which are still in the middle of the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Lahkmen has requested T.78,07,09,000 in the form of a cut motion in the House today.
East Jaintia Hills is one of the newest districts of the state and at present it does not have its own office in Khliehriat, the capital of East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: After the excitement in the past few months, the Greater Shillong Baby League of Meghalaya will start today at the JN Stadium, Polo. Saturday.
Rida's mother understood that she could not explain to her daughter about her opinion.
The reason is that we are human beings and not animals, that the time will come when each of us will have to give an account before God for good or evil.
“We understand the problem, but the EC should show action and call the dewbilat factories to explain why they don't pay the taxes,” said Andrew Shullai. to pay.
“Before we implement this project, we will consult with the schools, parents, traffic authorities, district authorities so that when we implement this project it will be a success for the benefit of the people. students and of the general population.
“The Rangbah Shnong immediately phoned the Rangbah Shnong to inform him of the incident.
Along with the progress of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), Governments and policy makers have faced another challenge.
Health care,Medical College,roads,farmers issue,engineering colleges,release after zero time.
Congress office bearers from Ri Mulliang Zone including Bah Marbor Nonglang, General Secretary and his followers, have also visited the area. Marbor Nonglang said that after leaving the Congress, they have joined the VPP and have been confirmed by President Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Shillong: The remains of Larisa Ïawrot were laid to rest today, 15th November 2023 at Kenbah Malai Cemetery.
Police are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the cause of the fire.
Police have finally taken only the two injured to Phulbari Hospital and found that there are still two injured, who came to the hospital for treatment after the shooting. in this same group.
He was also overtaken by Mitchell Marsh and Travis Head during the second ODI in Visakhapatnam.
Mukul said nothing has been thought of yet, but the government is looking into what should be done to fight against terrorism.
The competition was organized with the aim of empowering the students and the people of the area to disseminate the use of money. About 6 government schools participated in the competition. The winner will be able to compete at the State level and if he wins he will be able to reach the Regional and even the National Level.
But when Kim and Trump entered the room, Kim's sister, Kim Yo-jong, immediately came forward and gave him another khulom. that she should take from her own plan and let him sign the agreement.
They forget that the past can only show the way but cannot lead.
On the other hand, Bah DP Wahlang, said that the players in today's era are fortunate, because they have the opportunity to keep pace with the era of technology.
On the part of Ms. Lily and her husband, they express their happiness and gratitude to all those who have been involved in providing them with this beautiful and stable house.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills, Ma Garod LSN Dykes, urged the market vendors and market dwellers to fight against plastic waste which defaces and pollutes the environment.
“We are clear that if necessary, we will hold various protests without hesitation to ensure that there will be fairness in the implementation of the Reservation Roster System,” they said.
After the second half, both the teams struggled to score another goal but it was Lawsohtun SC who managed to score the first goal through Phyrnai Langstieh in the 74th minute. minute.
He said that the rape of women has increased every day in the last 10 years of BJP rule. He said that the party has corrected its mistakes and expressed his confidence in the people to support the Congress to end the injustice.
The Uniform Civil Code (UCC) is based on the idea of ​​having one nation, one law, one nation, one culture and one religion. One religion).
The MLA urged the people to obey the government's directives so that the state government's plan to curb the spread of COVID-19 in the state will be successful. long is successful.
On the same day, the NPP also elected the office bearers of the Executive Committee of the Ranikor Block Committee. Nelbi T. Sangma was elected President and Mandilos Nongbri was elected Working President along with 34 other members. The Executive Members also welcomed Bah Mandilos Nongbri and other groups who have joined the NPP party. The candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary Seat from the NPP has explained the work that the NPP has done in the past years from the MDA-I to the MDA-2 Government. Speeches were delivered by Bah Hamletson Dohling, Bah MacMillan Byrsat, former MLA of Nongstoin Constituency and other dignitaries. Ranikor Block Committee and hundreds of people who attended the ceremony.
“We continue to advise women who have diabetes or diabetes to report their disease to doctors if they want to become pregnant or are in poverty.
The NPP is in alliance with the BJP in Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland and Meghalaya as well.
The festival was also attended by the famous singer of the state, Samla Wanjop Sohkhlet, dance by Dapalei Warjri, performances by Neil Mawthoh and others.
The surprising thing is why the Khasi/Pnar voters are so stupid to elect leaders.
On the other hand, Samla Forwardman Nongrem President KSU South West Khasi Hills District said that the KSU demands that it is time for the leaders to say something to the government to appoint a full time DMHO and also to arrange for the The CHC has 100 beds.
The makers of Sadak 2 have also released the song 'Tum Se Hi' which is a love song between Alia Bhatt and Aditya Roy Kapoor.
Boko, November 6: Clashes broke out in Boko on Friday over the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya in Bhalukmari village under Boko revenue circle.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 21: The Minister of Electricity and C&RD Block, on Tuesday met with the Minister of Electricity and C&RD Block, who visited Mawshynrut Circle. Mawshynrut Civil Sub Division and to bring about the benefits of the community.
The head of the Director of Photography (D.O.P) is Elvest Thabah.
According to Sunn, the cost of the game is not less than Rs 3 lakh.
This is the only way we look forward to starting anew once again.
If we look closely, we see that the Naga sub-tribes are divided into Clans.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Organizing Secretary Mawlai Circle, Samla Shanbor Marwein, said that the government has imposed the curfew in the state, while foreigners are welcomed with special permits. inside it.
It is also suspected that the young woman has been abducted and her chastity has been destroyed by some robbers.
On this day, the Union of Farmers of Mawlai Pyllun was established.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Momin said that after BI Nongsiej informed him that he would convene the meeting on that day, he took the time and had a He said that since he won as MLA, he has not had the opportunity to meet with the people in Rambrai.
So after these floods are over, a second demarcation will probably begin.
The village has taken possession of these cows and secured them.
Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Tuesday said that the state government should have suspended the implementation of the National Food Security Scheme (NFSS) in the state. There is no problem in this state.
Furthermore, the report said that the inability of the player to join the team for the tournament will be a great loss as he is a player who is skilled in the field of football. tbit tam eh in the field of football; in addition to the team's leading batsman.
Is it because they don't have the ability or is it because they don't have the opportunity or is it because they are too quick to marry and become old.
Thank you very much.
Those who take advantage should be punished.
He admitted that there are still many colleges and schools across Meghalaya which lack qualified teachers in the subjects and there are also colleges in urban and suburban areas which do not have all the departments.
The third injection will be given to those over 50 years of age to prevent the spread of a new strain of the disease and to protect England from the spread of the disease. curfew again.
Rida didn't come to the resod.
The NPP will win 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats and others 17-29 seats.
Nongstoiñ: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Maweit Circle together with the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Myriaw Circle have met with the head of the NGOs known as the Kuruna Trust which is in charge of 11 PHCs in West Khasi Hills. They should immediately release the salaries of the employees which have been pending for eight months.
The raid shabong has 15 villages and 4024 voters only males aged 18 years and above.
“The dismissal of the teachers has not only affected them personally but has also affected their families and also has affected their minds because they are worried about where they will get the money to fill their jobs. I'm going to my house," he said.
Modern weapons and equipment.
Although Alia took part in the Met Gala for the first time, she didn't show off her shyness and seemed to be preparing to stand in front of many.
Also present on the occasion were party leaders, MLAs including Bah Balajied Synrem, Bah Pius Marweiñ and others.
" The words of Niakha came.
All the winners in the men's and women's categories received cash prizes of Rs 7,000 each, Rs 5,000 for the second runner-up and Rs 3,000 for the third runner-up.
Didn’t they work 12 hours? They argued against the owner of the vineyard that they should get more and better than those who came later.
Shillong, July 24 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today attended the All Party Meeting convened by Defense Minister Amit Shah. regarding the incident of ethnic conflict in Manipur.
Andrea is a talented singer, singer and guitarist. She is a member of the Lavender Groove band.
Announcing the launch of the smart metering project, Mondal said that many people are still reluctant to install smart meters.
The AIM said that if such an incident happens in the schools in the state which are still used from time to time, it may cause a lot of fear to many students or even until they lose their jobs. You must immediately leave your Pule Puthi without any need for it.
Guwahati: The Assam Minister in charge of Border Protection and Development, Atul Bora, on Tuesday admitted that the government will not allocate land to Meghalaya. who are from Assam.
Meanwhile, Pynshngain's visit to Delhi was after meetings with several government ministers and Congress leaders.
This shows a lack of consideration for the people of the area.
The Sourav Ganguly-led team beat Kenya to qualify for the final.
Joshi's remarks came after the Congress government in Arunachal Pradesh was defeated by the BJP by dissolving the Congress forms in the state.
The meeting was conducted by the President of SWKH, Bah Reston Myrthong and at the meeting, the BJP explained to the public the schemes that the central government has launched so that the people of the area will not miss out on the opportunities. their gold.
These are the three events in three days: the death, the burial, the resurrection of Jesus from the dead.
Bible scholars explain that the Ten Commandments were written about 1300 BCE and hundreds of years after the Hammurabi Code.
The union also strongly condemns this incident and requests the government authorities of the North East to take strong measures to prevent such incidents in the future.
Reports from the students of the state said that this incident happened after the female students were insulted by Bengali men on Monday.
On this occasion, Bah DD Lapang spoke about Thomas Jones how he came to Khasi and Jaintia despite the hardships and difficulties he faced and it was because of him that we got our country. of the language of writing language of reading.
Sir Thomas Jones received only a lot of insults and discouragement from the Dohlieh Government officials at that time.
When the discussion on the expenditure on the construction of the Wahkaji-Mawthabah road has come up again, he said that he has taken this opportunity to send this explanation so that it will not be a distraction. to those who are righteous in mind.
These circumstances occurred when supporters and members of Bandi Sanjay's party tried to throw force against the police.
Bah Laloo, Waheh Shnong and others appeared on the occasion when the Officer in Charge of the Police Station inquired into the incident and sent them to the Dorbar Shnong. and they shall not be at peace.
In North Garo Hills, there are 6 cases and in Ri Bhoi, 45 cases.
Two other polling stations in Williamnagar constituency were Dorengkigre with 429 votes and Nengsrang Adugre with 88 votes.
However, in the midst of this ability of man to do great and wonderful things in this bright age brought about by the rapid advancement of knowledge.
On the other hand, the Jyrwa Kur, has met with the Secretary Incharge of KHADC and the Secretary Incharge of KHADC, has promised to the Jyrwa Kur that he will summon the Acting Syiem of Nongspung Hima to appear before them. judgment on this part.
He said that the most expensive and best tyrpad leaves are imported from Mawsynram, Balat and Pynursla at lower prices and these tyrpad leaves are exported to Guwahati and then exported abroad.
Shillong, Lber 28: Ka SOMALA has requested the state government to amend the Land Acquisition Act 2013 in accordance with the provisions of the Sixth Schedule which protects land and to temporarily suspend the implementation of the Land Acquisition Act and amend this law for the sake of the people.
It can be said that half of the struggle is over and the rest is important and therefore it needs to be discussed and cooperated by all the residents.
Ronnie said the party has already sent an email to the Chief Minister of Chattisgarh demanding punishment and arrest of those involved. event.
West Bengal Police on Tuesday filed a chargesheet against the Commandant and Inspector of the Border Security Force (BSF) under several sections of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Code. of Criminal Procedure (CrPC) on charges that during the patrolling, they did not respect the police in the area where the BDO's office is located in Cooch Behar district.
Sagar, Naiwieng 18: The war between the BJP and the Congress has not ended in recent days, as Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi in his public speech during the election campaign has praised Congress Vice President Rahul Gandhi has been arrested on Wednesday.
Besides, the Minister acknowledged that the law and order situation in the State is stable.
In the Under-13 boys double category, Venial Mardon Kharjana and Mewanbhalang Pathaw won the title while in the women's category, Dolcy Doreen Basaiawmoit and Dafeen Lyngdoh Mawlong won the title.
The cyclone is moving towards northeastern India at 30 kilometers per hour and will weaken within the next six hours, the IMD said. but I don't.
Nongstoin, Lber 13: In order to improve the traffic and facilitate the traffic, the residents of the Rimen area, including the villages of Pungphreit, Mawlongbah, Mawdet, Mawkhiat, Rynniaw, Umshem, Umyiap and others, urged the government to turn its attention to the construction of a road to the area, so that they can avoid the problem of traffic.
According to reports, Riki Phawa has been missing since April 2015 and police found his body hanging from a tree in Lumshnong on September
Rust : The root of the coin is the rot of the leaf that produces dark spots.
Furthermore, the group has also distributed necessities to the refugees who have been staying in these temporary shelters.
Through the internet, tens of thousands of people in the state live and work through the internet, therefore if you lose your internet connection even for 10 hours, the loss of income will affect the people.
Meat vendors who have not paid the FINE after receiving a NOTICE that they have been fined, will have to pay immediately even if they have improved their shop.
Micah 7:10-17/ Isaiah 66:18 says: for I know their works and their thoughts.
Two of them are Dauniwan Sajem (EM, S&T, SSc, HPE, Kh) who scored 556 marks from Shangpung Presbyterian Higher Secondary School; Party.
It seems that everything is fine, but how sad it is to know that there are many families who cannot continue this marriage for many reasons and many of these families The destruction of many such families has indeed been a source of frustration for many youths and families, who feel that it is not worthwhile to spend their time and energy.
He said that he doesn't have much to say, but he has only one thing to say that the speech will be based on action, not just words.
The Lieh Tree symbolizes their desire to do something in society, through this Lieh tree they can do various jobs and also the need and to participate in society.
Shillong: Today, 28th June 2024, the people of Seng Khasi Kmie, who are still holding on to their traditional religion, have come out to clean up the hill of the Seng Khasi Kmie, located in Shout.
The ceremony started on the 28th of this month under the leadership of the Langdoh, Wansan, Sangot and others. others are the leaders of religion.
The MPYC has made it clear that the people now want to turn to the Congress because they are disappointed with the work of the present government and also do not want parties like the AITC, which is a living party. and win elections by the way of confusion and the way of bloodshed.
The 2023 election will be held.
He said that it has introduced a law ban ban two candidates from becoming MLAs/MDCs until the MDCs who are MLAs have resigned.
Shillong, July 1: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has wanted to clarify on the statement of Nalin Kohli, Spokesperson of the BJP, on the issues facing the state and the nation as a whole. to the time of the illegal entry of foreign authorities and foreigners into the area.
It is hoped that the government will follow the recommendation of the High Court.
Also present on the occasion were the Rangbah Shnong Shemphang Wahlang, Secretary Shnong KW Lynrah, P Jyrwa, Deacon of the church, Rangbah Dong Pdengshnong, Village Authority, Teachers. , students and more.
He said that the village needs to increase the water tank from 15,000 liters to 30,000 liters as the village has become larger and to increase the number of government vessels which are currently only 12 in the village.
In another incident, a 53-year-old doctor from Andheri has contracted the disease while his 43-year-old wife and 20-year-old daughter have also contracted the disease. lang of this disease.
The failure of the police to search properly, along with the fines imposed, has prevented those drivers from driving at night at the time of shooting, as many of the incidents in In the evening, if you investigate carefully, it is because the brain is no longer working, while the car has driven too fast until it cannot be controlled. .
On the other hand, Kyrmen Shylla, MLA of the constituency and Minister of Social Welfare, expressed his appreciation to the Chief Justice and the government for the promptness of the Chief Justice and the government to bring the court to Khliehriat. part of the public interest in relation to justice.
Salancy Passah, wife of (L) Gilborn Rymbai, resident of Panaliar, Jowai, passed away on 12/08/2
According to CBI officials, after receiving the complaint, the CBI officials went to file a case against them.
Jowai, Naiwieng 14: As with children across the country; Children from Jowai city also took part in the Children's Day which was held at the office of the Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) at the Unitarian Church, Jowai.
On the other hand, the union would like to suggest to the State Government to forget about the railway line and improve the roads, highways which do not exist and which have been damaged too much. Dozens of times through various articles, the government has not listened and the district authorities have not taken action.
Dr Nongkynrih has also written many books in Khasi and English.
He said that the residents of Mawhati area have been in trouble in coming and going due to the poor condition of the road and even the vehicles have had difficulty in coming and going, which has caused many residents to complain. to name and inform the members of the organization.
These include EJH: 1, EKH: 75, RBD: 86, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 9, WGH: 4, WJH: 21 and WKH:
Various competitions such as debate, speech, song, dance competition were also held at the 2023 student meeting. They have the ability to reveal to the world the talents that they have as God has given them.
The journey took about 2 hours.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Mawiongrim Unit has strongly warned the management of Adsan Mahindra not to misuse the name of Mawiongrim Village by changing it to Barapani.
The researchers also found that children under the age of 3, those living in urban and suburban areas, have 17 respiratory diseases, such as asthma and others. others.
Russian troops removed the Russian flag from the houses they had hoisted and the soldiers fled to the Dnipro River, which was a great shame for the Russian troops. to turn away.
Shillong, Naitung, 21: Two leading leaders of the Thma u Rangli Juki (TUR), Kong Angela Rngad and Bah Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh, on Friday announced their entry into the political arena. for the purpose of contesting the elections to the State Legislative Assembly in
He said that in fact the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong had come to Nongstoin to lay the foundation stone for the construction of roads in Nongstoin, but this foundation stone laying ceremony was held today. as a sign to commemorate this Home.
It was also recalled that this day is celebrated every year as a sign of remembrance of the policemen who have the spirit of selflessness for the work assigned to them. until they were willing to sacrifice their lives for the sake of the country to fight against the enemy.
This is also the time when we as a nation pray to the Creator to bless this nation beloved by God so that it will grow and prosper. that it may receive the name and glory, that it may hold fast to its original teaching, to know the righteousness of the word, as it was handed down from our fathers.
“According to the Corporation, we do not agree with the current price of electricity.
After the departure of the French, the Dkhars from India flocked to these areas until they spread all over the country, especially in Ri Khasi.
MPCC President Vincent H Pala has alleged that the BJP and the National People's Party (NPP) are parties that have no hesitation in making promises to the people.
In Shillong, the traffic through odd and even numbers will continue to operate smoothly and this will apply to all vehicles entering Shillong, even if they are coming from other parts of the city. State spirit.
Irani will speak to reporters at 12 noon to inform about the great work of the BJP government in the past four years, according to a government source from the PIB, Shillong.
But what you need to do is replace your fear with the power of prayer, don't worry about your illness, your worry will not heal your illness unless you believe and trust in God who can create and remove all sickness.
Furthermore, in this regard, later the media reported that there are some places where the youths of the villages do not get the forms to apply for the job, because it is alleged that the people of the village. The department does not apply because they no longer belong to that village.
When the ministers themselves are young, they don't worry even if the government schools fall to the bottom.
It is true that there should be criticism or criticism for the sake of building human dignity, not that criticism or criticism should become those that destroy even the dignity of human beings.
These issues are the need to bring in two Civil Sub Divisions and two C&RD Block in Ri Bhoi which the people of Ri Bhoi need for the development of the country. development projects and other benefits that the people will benefit from if these departments of the state government come.
If the people are ready to talk or preach about political issues now, the 2023 elections will also change the face of public administration.
On the other hand, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, immediately after assuming office as CEM of KHADC, said that the Bills will be discussed in the EC tomorrow morning before being taken to the House for approval. approval of the House and to be sent to the Governor for approval to become law.
He also distributed Drug Detection Kits to the staff of the Anti-Narcotics Task Force, honored volunteers, private individuals and employees of the ANTF. Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, DGP Meghalaya, Dr LR Bishnoi, Additional Chief Secretary, Home, Dr Shakeel P Ahmmad, Police Chiefs, Government Chiefs, Social Welfare Department and School Students different.
Therefore, it is not an easy task and we have thoroughly considered this task by appointing a High Level Committee which has worked hard and deserves to be commended.
Rohit Sharma took two wickets in three overs.
In the first match, Iawmulong Nartiang beat Chilliangraij 4-0
Those who wish to take advantage of this scheme must have reserved rooms and requirements that can be obtained from this department.
On the last day of the festival, an awareness program was held on various issues ranging from 'the value of education' 'part time schooling' 'family' 'health' ''governance' 'superstition' and other areas through resource persons or trainers and explainers on these various issues.
According to him, the state has grown rapidly in the last three and four years and it is also a sign that it can grow further.
The teachers' protest in the streets has once again shown that the path of teachers in the state is a difficult path.
For that reason, this article does not change the original law of the Sacrament of Confirmation in the Catholic Church and the prayer of a priest does not mean that he approves or encourages their practice.
She said that even when she was in the village, she didn't feel like stopping because every day she urged her to send her to school again.
The report said that Modi will fly by helicopter and distribute money to the people. It said that this is false news and said that there were many people waiting outside the house. Nagendra Sway, Additional Director General of the Press Information Bureau, said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
According to the ECC's understanding, factories should not be allowed to be built near residential villages. The ECC also urges the government not to allow these 14 coke factories to operate. The residents of Sutnga area are still waiting for the decision of the court regarding these 14 coke factories which have received CTOs because these 14 units are factories operating in the area. they shall not dwell in the earth.
U Bah Pius Marweiñ in his speech said that although he is still walking the path of less than 4 years but when he turns back in the development works he has done a lot and he promised that he will continue to do so. do more and more chess not for your own benefit but for the benefit of the people.
Marak said the state government should take seriously this issue if it wants the people of Khasi Jaintia and Garo to live in peace and harmony and there will be no ethnic discrimination, especially eh in employment, language and society.
The meeting was led by Roming Lamare of the HYC and Edmund Lamare of the HYC.
He said that if you want to serve the nation you must be in the national party and his visit is like returning home.
We have added blanks in this Act to protect Women and Children.
However, at the same time, he said that the march will not be to disrupt the peace and order but will be orderly and dignified.
Police said that from the appearance of the youth, he may be a Bodo youth.
Jowai, June 22: The HiTO Khliehtyrshi Area District under the leadership of Samla Wanbiang Pulang in the presence of HITO Khliehtyrshi Area leaders visited the Khliehtyrshi Area District to inquire about the postponement of the Check. Point from Mookyndur to Khliehtyrshi without any public notice.
Theology is the science of God or the philosophy related to the knowledge of God.
There are 82 villages in this Block.
When you are studying in primary or secondary school, you must dig well and sow well and eventually you will reap the fruits of knowledge.
The Seng Kynthei Catholic Parish Jowai has also donated money to the family.
Nongpoh, Lber 15: The Director of Urban Affairs, Meghalaya, Bah E.Kharmalki today laid the foundation stone for the construction of a public parking lot at the Nongpoh Town Shopping Complex. in Ri Bhoi District.
“The government should make the Khasi language a compulsory subject from next year,” he said.
“Those who used to have ration cards are not registered, the rules of how to call BPL are still known today, so when there are complaints it makes it difficult for us how to explain to the residents. " said the Rangbah Shnong of Sohra.
The HYC has lodged a complaint at Mawlai Police Station against these people yesterday morning and today they came to request the SP City to take action against this incident at NEHU. On the other hand, Bah Steve Rynjah promised to take action against the incident to arrest the robbers who were involved in the shooting and injury of the students of NEHU. , who climbs on the shoulders of a policeman and who needs to sleep.
There is something behind these problems that we need to discuss and resolve.
The reporter does not know whether Bah Kharsyntiew is a Nepali or a Khasi, because he belongs to the Kharsyntiew clan.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat Dempo Sports Club 2-1 in the final round of the U-13 Youth League at the Howrah Stadium in Kolkata today.
There were 769 students in classes XI and XII, who registered from 1st July 2018 to 31st November 2018, and 13526 students remained unemployed till 31st November
In North Shillong Constituency, there are two candidates from the BJP, namely, Bah M.Kharkrang, a retired IPS officer and Bah Michael Kharsyntiew, a member of the BJP. There are 4 cases and 6 cases in Mahendraganj.
He will contest against the incumbent MLA of Mowkaiaw, Nujorki Sungoh.
Hamlet said that in a decision taken today, the order issued on 16th November 2020 to collect tax from the farmers who sell their products has been sent to revoke the order. Anjalee parking lot and from tomorrow morning there will be no more collection of rice from the farmers in this area.
These masks were made by the sisters of various convents in Jaintia Hills.
The Rangbah Shnong of Pdeng Shnong, Sohra, Bah K.Diengdoh, has expressed his deep sorrow over such an incident and has warned those who come to visit the area and also to the Sohra area to be careful. It is important not to cause any disturbance or to stir up trouble because it is without rain especially in a place where tourists from all over the country flock.
Speaker of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh will be the chief guest and Bah HB Nongsiej will be the chief guest.
Snenglem A Kurbah has rejected the statement of Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla that those who give jait kpa should be punished according to the Khasi Social Customs of Lineage Act, I don't have anything to do with it.
Banteidor Lyngdoh of the PDF won the Mawkynrew constituency and Gigur Myrthong of the NPP won the Mawshynrut constituency.
Often, we find that those who have the ability to serve when they win, do not study, do not seek knowledge and do not train themselves in the language.
“This means that Danggo has already taken a decision and what happened yesterday is to show that the people want him to join the BJP,” he said.
Thus faith without truth is nothing but false faith.
It is worth mentioning that the contractual teachers who have been dismissed by the government, have held a rally to convey to the government their grievances.
The competitions are 4 by 4 Modified, 4by4 Stock, Motocross, Non Gear (scooter), Down Hill for Bicycles.
“We will take a decision but we strongly warn the government that if it continues to arrest and detain our members, we will take strong measures.
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang has called upon other Seng Bhalang, Village Youth Seng, Seng Longkmie and all political parties in Upper Shillong to unite by temporarily forgetting about the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle General Secretary Bah Donald Nongsteng said that the FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle has been working hard to improve the future of the Upper Shillong Circle.
Danggo was welcomed by the Minister of Arts and Culture, Bah Sanbor Shullai in the presence of other senior BJP leaders including Bah Shibun Lyngdoh and others.
As young people and as believers, many of us in following Jesus as our Leader, we just see the beauties of this world, we forget Him. wealth.
Donkupar said the Minister of DCA, Bah HDR Lyngdoh is well aware of this and is qualified to respond to the delay in receiving his name sent by the CEM. KHADC Bah Pynshp N Syiem.
In the past few months, the expectations of the people of Khasi-Jaintia Hills for the re-election of the MDCs to the District Council have failed after the MDA government. II under the leadership of the BJP (UDP+BJP, etc), has decided to extend the District Council elections for another six months.
Through this inspection, the MLA of Mawhati, has met with the village leaders and the residents of these villages, where he has talked to them and asked them about the problems they are facing. development and especially in relation to the harassment by the Assam Police.
He said it was too early to reveal the names of those political parties involved but it was confirmed that it was a conspiracy of the Opposition.
But the surprising thing is that when I read from the Word of God about a man whose name was called Dakaid, because of his works he had already fallen into terrible punishment from here on. from the world he has already suffered the lowest death which falls in the rain of victory and he is the Dakaid who was crucified with Jesus Christ on the same day at the same hour and minute.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hat said that sports are essential for children to have a healthy body and an intelligent mind depends on a healthy body.
He said that although the state has 80% farmers, the trade is dominated by foreigners and they are the ones who hold the key to the trade. %
The world's Sustainable Development Goal (SDG) 2030 is to create cities, towns and cities that can include all without leaving anyone behind, especially in economic development.
All the villages/dongles have selected shops in their respective villages/dongs, and the village authorities/CCMTs will ensure that the residents should not leave their respective villages/dongs from the shops. purchase of necessary items to avoid further spread of the disease.
The President of the Meghalaya Film Makers Association (MeFliMA), Commander Shangpliang, today informed the filmmakers who attended the Cannes Film Festival in France that Sohra is one of the best cities in the country. one of the most beautiful places in Meghalaya to shoot films.
After school I have to run to Saturday and I think when I will be able to play like other children,” said one of the four children from the Child Rights Movement who is currently in protest. to prevent the government from implementing the Home Based Employment Act for children under the age of
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, today informed the public that the house of K. Marak in Patharkhmah village and the building of Dubi Diya in Barigoan village in Ri Bhoi district, have collapsed. Micro Containment Zones and those that have already been operational from the 11th to the 21st of this month.
U Bah Lyngdoh added that if we don't turn to this factory, we will not get jobs in the Sohra area.
The National President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) JP Nadda on 15th June launched the mission statement of the party titled “Empower Meghalaya” in the presence of the President of the BJP Meghalaya, Bah Ernest Mawrie, Sanbor Shullai, AL Hek and HM Shangpliang.
Jowai, JMPS: The Jowai Musical Promotional Society (JMPS) on Tuesday held a music concert to commemorate the birthday of Robert Nesta. Bob Marley, who is also known as Bob Marley.
Earlier, Nongthymmai MLA Jemino Mawthoh said that the people of his constituency are facing problems due to lack of water supply.
However, since the discovery of modern farming methods, it has become easier for many churches and has become one of the sources of income that can generate lakhs of rupees per year. , without needing to work hard.
But even so, he made his friend happy.
It is learned that the Chinese troops fired about 10 to 15 bullets into the air and this is the first shooting in 45 years.
Nongstoiñ: The misunderstanding and the presence of two groups of authorities in Langpih area has sometimes confused many of the people who are trying and intending to do good deeds for the peace and order of the country. The residents of Langpih area which is also the area of ​​fierce border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
“Yes Mother.
Meanwhile, Ukraine said 43 people, including 12 children, were seriously injured in Russian shelling in the town of Pervomaisky in the eastern part of the country. the city of Kharkiv.
When asked whether the resignation of Roshan from the post of Minister is not a loss to the constituency, Ban said the answer to this question should be asked from the people, but When asked whether he as an elected leader has anything else to say on the resignation of Roshan, he said he does not want to say anything.
The refusal of the vendors was because they found that the provisions of the Act are against the principles of the Constitution.
“The shortage of doctors has created problems for the people who come from poor families and cannot afford to go to private hospitals for treatment and many of them rely on government hospitals,” he said. Dr A Dkhar, DHS (MI) acknowledged that it is true that the Bhoirymbong CHC needs more doctors for the treatment of Bhoirymbong CHC. to serve the people and at the same time.
The deadline for registration is tomorrow 01/09/2
The government's efforts to help tourists are just a joke to make a name for themselves or as the saying goes, a pig makes a name for itself.
Sources said that MeECL has installed an old transformer at the meat slaughterhouse in Mawlai while according to the agreement with the Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, it is the department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary. You must install a new transformer.
“We will also hold many tournaments after this but as I have already announced that this is the first tournament to be held soon,” he said.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Ri Bhoi District, in an emergency meeting held today at Umsning, has strongly condemned the brutality of the Assam Police who opened fire on the people in the incident this morning. Mukroh village is located in West Jaintia Hills.
The KSU has recalled many acts of violence by Assam in the villages in the area, including the demolition of the dorbar hall and a poor house built under the PMAY scheme in Umru village.
He served as Rector of St. Anthony's College from 22nd June 1989 to 29th July
The ancients are not the gods that we should not worship anymore.
The FKJGP through Samla Shanlang Diengdoh said that the FKJGP has nothing to give to this young woman, but only to encourage her to continue her studies and sports. The medal of this youngster is a great pride for the state and hopefully she will continue to do well in other competitions.
This is after the Income Tax Department has raided around his workplaces and places of worship.
The Barato Dorbar Shnong has said that if the Doloi Khamly Sariang issues NOCs to other persons after the confirmation of the documents of his predecessor, Doloi Samuel Bareh, without the knowledge of the Barato Dorbar Shnong, it will be your sole responsibility.
Nongpoh: A Sumo Gold (ML 08 F 8521) belonging to Bah Ramkhilawan Sah, who works at the Post Office, Nongpoh, was stolen at 12:00 pm this morning. They were robbed by unidentified robbers while they were standing in front of the Post Office in Nongpoh.
The stars, on the other hand, are celestial bodies that have their own light, many of which are the Suns that reflect light on other planets.
In a statement, the president of WYWO Mawthadraishan Circle, Bah J Jarain, said that West Khasi Hills District has eight MDCs and the people of Mawthadraishan want the election to be held like the MLA constituency. .
“I confirm that it has exploded,” said one of the operators, who declined to comment on the whereabouts of the plane and the cause of the incident.
The Khonraij (Chilliangraij) brought the Khnong Blai to Loomsooiung and when the Khnong Blai was placed together, the Kmairaij left Iawmusiang at the same time to their villages with joy and happiness.
To prevent such a problem is only if the parents of all the families in each village have the cooperation of the Rangbah Shnong, Pastors, ASHAs, together with the authorities. government may be able to reduce premature marriage.
It is learned that both the cases have been summoned to the Syiem and the complainants and the decision will be announced at Sohra.
Speaking at one of the meetings, u Bah Dame also strongly criticized the action of the electricity department, where some households receive electricity through BPL, electricity for the poor which they have to pay for. but the department delivers the bill or electricity bill to the households after 7-8 years, so some households face difficulties in paying the electricity bill and when they cannot pay the department you have cut off the power of the fire.
The Aam Admi Party (AAP), which lost in Gujarat, has taken over from the BJP in the Delhi Municipal Corporation, which has been in power for 15 years.
Trees help to produce clean air for breathing, remove polluted air, provide shelter for wildlife and purify drinking water.
The connection I find between us and India is only if we travel by plane from one place to another, and we only go to big places like the Central Secretariat, the Lok Sabha, the Rashtrapati Bhavan. or in a V.I.P.Enclosure.
At this meeting, it was decided that all drivers should wear the uniforms distributed to the public today as the beginning of identifying themselves as drivers of commercial vehicles by wearing them on their body. I'm wearing this uniform.
The Prime Minister was also briefed on the financial shortage of the State in these days and the urgent need for the Government of India to assist the State.
Sangma said such an incident, which happened in Mon district of Nagaland, is the main reason why such incidents have no place in society.
This will lead to the fact that many children will have to drop out of school in the first or second year.
The opposition MLAs in this regard stood up and shouted, called for demands and wanted to know whether any measures have been taken to punish the Nongthawaiñ, in which the Governor of Assam Gulab Chand. Kataria had to stop speaking for more than 15 minutes.
It is also special for Mawlai SC who have returned to the tournament after many years of absence from the First Division but have won the title.
Meghalaya will now prepare for their next match against Mizoram on the 10th of this month.
We have worked together in many areas especially in sports and I have found him to be a humble, intelligent and farsighted person.
“The explanation of the Symbud Myntri Rangbah is that he himself has misled the youth because while they have not been able to approve the order through the Personnel Department, it is not enough,” said Bah Adelbert.
The decision will come into force until 2020 and an allocation of T.5300.00 crore has been allocated for the completion of the remaining projects. The Cabinet, today, will serve until October
On the 21st, the 6th Battalion distributed blankets to the Rangbah Shnongs of 6 villages under the Umsning Town Durbar who will distribute them to the poor.
Meanwhile, the NHAI staff are working hard to clean the road and the work is 24 hours a day.
Ryntih SC will play against Rangdajied United at 4 pm on Saturday.
On 19.03.23, these people were involved in the attack on the High Commission of India, London.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Rani said that he has fought for the NOC and has already paid the challan since June last year.
JOWAI: The Annual General Meeting of the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jaintia Hills will be held on the 22nd at the Community Hall of Ladthadlaboh Dorbar Shnong at 11.00 am.
They were identified as Davis Marak, who raped a minor girl at Jengjal Outpost and another, OC of Rongram, Bah A.Bamon. The driver of the MTC vehicle has been suspended for shooting dead at Goeragre.
Nimi is the brother of Ma Wanmi Passah, a teacher at KJP Synod Mihngi Higher Secondary School, Jowai. The funeral service will be held tomorrow 29th June 2020 at 2 pm at the Jowai Presbyterian Church. , Jowai.
Police have questioned Jayaprakash, but when asked, he said that he has refused to wait for the decision of the court in the case. I have released my husband from his wife.
Many stories are very interesting to read, but not only are they interesting to read but they also have a great value and a profound meaning. the sneng ka kraw around the lyngwiar dpei where the ancestors used to use them, as well as in the generations to come as well.
Meanwhile, Jowai MLA Dr RC Laloo said that although he has decided to retire from the election, he will continue to come to witness his fellow MLAs in the House from the gallery.
With this victory, Rangdajied have qualified for the final.
In Group A, Manipur, Arunachal Pradesh and Tripura are the other teams.
The National Green Tribunal's decision to intervene has brought back hope that it will bring about changes in the environment especially in those areas where factories are built near rivers and wells including smuggling. Umshyrpi and Wahumkhrah areas.
They do anything by following the example and following each other.
He said that so far, the members of the Committee have not found any violation of the Model Code of Conduct and no complaint has been lodged against anyone. There have been no complaints against any of the candidates regarding the distribution of kyiad and money.
“I'm sorry, but I'm happy that I've been able to reach the final.
In such a case, I pray that God will grant rest to this leader, who has been in power since 1988 and I would like to conclude by saying “Leit suk babu sha dwar U Blei”.
Vehicles coming from Khyndai Lad can pass through the old Cherra area through the Metor area.
The Coronavirus has destroyed the lives of the poor, the income, the education of the residents to the income of the State and the country.
All Sports Clubs, Schools, Colleges and others from West Jaintia Hills District are invited to participate in this Volleyball Tournament. the deadline for entries is November 16,
Heavy rains are expected in eastern parts of Gujarat between 15th and 17th July.
So far, 47 foreign shops have been closed down by the KHADC, these shops are located in Laitumkhrah, Iewduh and Laban.
He said that until now, the Council has not been able to introduce the bill but only about half and half are still pending.
The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) and the Supreme Court of India (NHRC) have directed to investigate human rights violations in Meghalaya and to provide impartial justice to those who have been violated. He said that Meghalaya is perhaps one of the states in India which does not respect the law and order and violates human rights from the government officials. The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) has been given the reason for the inability to implement the Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC) where no person can hold the post of Chairman. the commission, said Mr. Malai.
The UDA has admitted that it has 15 MDCs in the house of 29 while the United Democratic Forum (UDF) has reduced its number to 14 including the chairman.
He said that as in 3 Mer, several members of the group left early in the morning when no one was awake to clean up and some left in the evening because they had not cleaned up the area. “We don't need to end or set a time or ask anyone to leave, we leave voluntarily, some leave alone, 2 people in their villages to clean, they They understand their job because they have a responsibility,” he said.
He said that after the explanation of the Deputy Commissioner, the Union of Waheh Shnongs and prominent elders of the area, expressed their regret over the insulting words against the DC. It has shown a lack of respect for the elders, especially the head of the district.
To the Prophet Hosea it was said – “My people are destroyed for lack of knowledge”.
The death toll has risen to 23 in the country.
“If many issues can be resolved through this peace, I see that peace will come to the state,” said Bah Sadon.
It helps me a lot and many others, especially it saves time, money to buy newspapers.
The main objectives of SAFF are to promote peace and order in the community, interfaith dialogue, mutual visits especially in times of special needs, programs to promote a spirit of co-operation, and a spirit of sympathy in love and mutual support.
Wajri said the issue of unemployment is a major issue in the state.
Banteidor said that he had been arrested and imprisoned for two years in Silchar and said that he joined the HNLC because of his love for the Jaidbynriew but this work was considered illegal by the Government. carry weapons of war.
When there is a program or experience, it is usually my habit to anticipate and observe, from the beginning to the end of the program, to get something that will inspire me.
He said that the HNLC members should have shot dead Bansal, because they were close by and did not have an AK 47 rifle, but they were ordered not to shoot as a warning.
The younger generation preferred to eat again at Thangkharang Park which is only 7 minutes away.
Only 25 players per category will be allowed for screening.
"The sons of the Ksiar girls in Skhor are dressed, while the sons are dressed in clothes to shoot with the sword.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, MDCs Balajied Ranee, Charles Marngar, senior government officials from the department. Fishery and other elders of the area.
However, he said that the MDA government is like a dumper, Conrad said that one Garo leader said that Mukul Sangma's government is a JCB government but this government is now a dumper government. which means that it is the government that will pour it out to the people.
Before the match, a short meeting was held in which speeches were delivered by Bah W.Sangriang as the chief guest, Bah Bokstone Thongni as the chief guest, Bah AB Shylla, Secretary Mawlangwir Sport Club as the chief guest. This is a sign to encourage the athletes and the “Sei-La-i-Sap Organisation” to continue to organize such sports to develop the youth who have the talent to be able to improve in sports.
Rymbai said that according to the plan developed by the state government through the education department, it is clear that the Meghalaya government will pay the arrear of the SSA teachers in that four installments.
In Palghar constituency in Maharashtra, 13 candidates contested and Rajendra Dhedya Gavit of Shiv Sena won with 578,772 votes. candidate, you must vote for none of the above.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma today took over the Ministry of Agriculture and Labor from Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya and handed over these posts to Sanbor Shullai. ministers who have not yet been sworn in.
“South Tura has fought to win me like Bah Kyrmen Shylla has fought to win thousands of votes.
Even the four small rivers in the middle of Hamren, the capital of West Karbi Anglong, are named in Pnar. They are Umryntih, Umteli, Umbinong and Umnam. They are named in the Pnar language, such as Myn-i Lakaroi, Tahpat, Umbaso, Umshara, Umkhyrmi, Moothade, Tibin, Umpawiang, Samatan and others.
Lamjingkyrmem Muksor scored the goals for Mynsngad in the 14th minute and Pynskhem Mukhim in the 20th minute.
On the 19th of this month, a man named Bah Bokstar Khongstid, 35, was seriously injured when a stone fell from his head. Shillong-Dawki road is under construction.
Emlang Dkhar from Umladkhur, Ram Pohtam from Kudeng Rim and Tiporman Tariang from Tangbuli were also awarded prizes for their skills in raising cattle.
In this regard, the All Jaintia Tourist & Commercial Vehicle Association (ATO) would like to inform the public through this news that the public should not misunderstand and the All Jaintia Tourist & Commercial Vehicle Association (ATO) confirms that all commercial vehicles , those in Ri Jaintia will earn as usual, from tomorrow.
Daniel Goncalves scored the first goal of the match to make it 1-1 before the end of the first half.
“The expectation of winning without hard work cannot be achieved,” he said. Although as farmers, they don't have enough space to train, they still have Phot Umnew. The association has been able to produce many young men and women who have represented the district in the competitions. It has won many awards in the past years and even at the Meghalaya Games
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Achik Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) has vowed to go to court if the government does not listen to the demand for the cancellation of the border demarcation with Assam. There are four villages in West Khasi Hills.
Nokari, who was driving a stone truck, was supposed to leave for Bangladesh and some said that Nokari's death was due to an electric shock in the truck. , you have burned your body.
SHILLONG: Shillong: The city of Shillong celebrated the National Voter's Day with the Run for Democracy 2019 on Thursday.
According to sources, the leaders of the Bhalang may not choose Motphran or Madan Student as the venue of the public meeting, but there are signs that they may , to hold public meetings in residential areas, such as Jaiaw or Mawlai and this shall be to prevent the police from forcibly standing by to disrupt the meeting; However, it is understood that they will take a decision to select the site once they have received the approval of the Dorbar Shnong.
Thus, an era that has become bright and prosperous in all aspects of culture, employment, education and all the aspects of humanity that has risen to a higher level carries the idea of ​​civilization and is considered to be the world that has developed. bright.
"She told me that she wanted to break up with me and gave me the reason that I worked hard and was never at home," Howard said.
Shillong: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have seized 650 kilograms of dynamite from Jalaphet village and arrested four persons. Chyrmang, 21, Mij Chyrmang, 22, and Shanbor Chyrmang,
When asked whether in the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, the HSPDP won in most of the constituencies in West Khasi Hills except Ranikor, Mairang and Mawthadraishan; Witting said that in Mawthadraishan the contest is only with the UDP, while in Mairang and Ranikor the Pastor has increased. “It's not in the constituencies but in West Khasi Hills, we have decided to win,” said Bah Mawsor.
“Why are you late today?” asked the mother. “There is a reason, mother,” he replied.
Commenters on social media said that the UDP and NPP were just pretending before the elections while after the elections, they came together again to form a government.
I don't have a farm in Mukroh.
In a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah E Kharmalki, he said that the authority belongs to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board and he will not send a letter to inform about this. public opposition.
Even between the Government of India and the States, there is Art.254 which is like 12 A, that if the State Governments and the Government of India enact the same Act on any matter, especially those mentioned in the Concurrent List , the law of the Government of India stands, dead of the State Government.
The Lamphang said that it is after many years that the Ïing Dorbar will be able to hold up to five days of Dorbar.
Pontius Pilate was a man who had the power and authority to release anyone or to punish and execute criminals.
These species have no eyes and have a black colour.
Shillong, July 30: The relatives of Patharkhmah Outpost Police Officer Pearlystone Joshua Marbaniang and his wife Chaleth Pyngrope have lodged a complaint with the Nongpoh Police Station on Thursday.
The disabled and their families; They congratulated the Ephphatha Society for organizing this program which is a way to promote their unique human dignity in society and the knowledge of their unique human rights as human beings. unique.
“It is surprising that the government has not thought of setting up model schools in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The meeting was held at ICP Dawki.
He also expressed his gratitude to the Mawlangwir Sports Club for organizing this tournament which is part of the efforts to bring closer and unity among the players, because without unity it will not happen. the goal of success.
Others who attended the meeting were Bah EK Syiemlieh, the youth leader of Shaid Shaid Umoid, the day laborers and the residents of Shaid Shaid Umoid.
The king approved and sent Nehemiah to Judah (Israel)" Nehemiah 2:1-9
On this action of those people of the law, I don't see that the law will apply to them, or that it will punish those people of the law who have done something wrong.
