This is true as said by my pastor who works in Mawieit District.
Other issues include the appointment of Bah EG West as chairman of NEEPCO as his name is still pending without the approval of the central government.
He said that it is only when the residents understand that they are part of the society that peace and stability will be restored in Assam.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 81161 out of which 78068 have recovered and 1400 have died.
The Maharashtra government has announced a curfew from 8 pm on 14th June and will continue till 1st June
The continuous heavy rainfall in these days has caused the subway on one of the sections of the Nongstoiñ-Kynroh-Wahkaji road to collapse due to flooding.
The PWD (Roads) Sohra Division has responded to the letter sent by the union and in this reply the PWD (Roads) Sohra Division has said that The Seng urges the PWD (Roads) Department of the State Government to take immediate action to improve and maintain this road so that it will be easier for the people. The passengers who use this road every day.
Why don't you come to the NPP which has all the players but they are wrong.
The MPUF on Tuesday distributed 10 bags of rice to 15 households in Mookhep village, East Jaintia Hills District. District.
Police from Khliehriat together with the ANTF East Jaintia Hills have conducted a search operation for the suspect.
I just waited for the news to come.
The driver of the truck and the follower fled the scene leaving behind the truck and the muid.
She recently received a certificate of appreciation and congratulations from the management of Dalmia Cement Lanka Plant for this achievement.
The man, had arrived at the writing center last Saturday, but the woman, had doubts, about her educational qualifications and before, he put a knife on her neck, She wanted to test his mathematical skills, as he didn't know himself and so she asked him to spell once and she sent him to spell 2 times or 2 tables.
About 19,000 patients in the state have received assistance from the Meghalaya Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) this year.
This song was produced by Small Nongbah.
One of the worst affected areas is the water in the rivers which turns bih due to the flow of acid from the coal mines.
The VPP MLA from North-Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, has expressed his concern over the condition of the drinking water supply used by 44 villages in Shillong. it is for the health of the people.
“I hope the people will accept me as the candidate of the party,” said Ampareen, adding that this will be the first time that a woman from Shillong Parliamentary seat will win the MP Shillong election. :The Meghalaya Speed ​​Skating Association will hold the 2nd Meghalaya Open to All Speed ​​Skating Championship on 16th November 2023 at the St. Anthony's Higher Secondary School Basketball Ground in collaboration with the Meghalaya Roll Ball Association and St.Anthony's Higher Secondary School.
The Wapung Circle has requested the students to submit their marksheets, certificates and residential certificates by the 20th of November to Ma Francis Dkhar.
The rainfall in Mawsynram is the highest in the past 83 years since
He said that the youth are the future of the country, if the youth improve in education the country will improve rapidly in all aspects because education itself in this age is important and a weapon. by encouraging the students to be an example and light for the state and the country as a whole.
In this regard, the leaders of the KJP Assembly expressed their regret over the cancellation of the meeting as some members from far away have come today.
The Ri Bhoi News, in a statement, said that the cause of the damage to the market, which is located in Nongpoh, is still unknown.
At the same time, Shillong received 21.7mm of rainfall and Umiam received 0.4mm.
These MLAs include those from the Congress party, independent MLAs and other parties.
“We have sent an investigation since yesterday evening and they are still sending the sample of the rice allegedly containing urea to the testing centre,” she said. Amparen.
On the other hand, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, EM in charge of Trade and Industry, said that today, letters were distributed to all the Rangbah Shnongs on the preparation of the KHADC on how to conduct the Dorbar Shnongs. The NOC for the trading license is issued and if anyone violates it, they are not subject to the penalties of the law.
Tympang Club will play against Kseh Sylle Ialong at 10 pm while Mookaswan Dongwah will play against Mawkyndeng Stadium at 12 noon.
Within the state of Assam: When we were living in Assam, we were and lived among other high paid ethnic groups.
“The victory will be a strengthening of the MDA II under the leadership of the National People's Party (NPP) in which the UDP is also involved,” he said.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his happiness that he has been able to fulfill his long-standing dream of providing an Ambulance to the PHC Mawsiatkhnam for the use of this area. cities, which were in urgent need of it.
In a statement, Bah Sainkupar said that as of now, there is no way out and the union requests the employees of this factory to join the union. The union will pay a salary of 25,000 tyngka per month and those who can join must be 45 years old and have completed military training and if they show that they have a real desire to serve according to the principles The union will continue to consider their salaries.
Admonishing the faithful, he said that this year is the year to celebrate the family and urged all the families and children of the Church to live a good life that will build the family in the country. love in the unity between mother, father and children, within the Church and in the nation as a whole.
Granting land title rights through recognized documents will enable villagers to get financing from banks using their assets as collateral, he added.
On these grounds, the Dorbar Shnong cannot accept the claim of Monkiru Chyrmang that he is from Pamrapaithlu.
Seeing the fire, the shopkeepers, took out fire extinguishers and extinguished the fire and this saved the area from the damage. The use of that type of water is like a thinner used in dyeing.
The KSU will continue to look for ways and means to provide assistance to the people in the village, said a statement sent by the President Samla Kindly Khyriem, KSU Shnongpdeng Unit.
What shlem works now that cannot run without electricity? Yes, the government encourages citizens to use solar electricity, but how much will they do to do so because of the high cost? It has been 10 months since MeECL has been able to cut off electricity supply for dozens of hours across the state.
It is to be recalled that the leaders of these three organizations, including Bah Bipul Thangkhiew President of the RBYF, Bah Marcus Marten President of the HNYF Northern Region and Bah Lui Lyngdoh, Organizing Secretary of the FKJGP, on 19th June , have sent a letter to the DC, Ri Bhoi, on the issues related to the expedited payment of compensation to the land owners, the recruitment of jobs by the youth at the Toll Gate, the provision of footpath for the residents of the area, along with other necessities related to the community.
“Hope for the people living in these areas came back on 11th June 2000, when the Chief Ministers of these two states led by Prafulla Kumar Mahanta and Bah EK Mawlong visited the area. In 2003, he was arrested in Khanduli Village.
Nongstoiñ, November 4: The construction of the 6.2 km PMGSY road from Athiabari to Umshiak village on the Meghalaya-Assam border has been suspended since the inspection by the Assam police in
The amount of T.50,000 was handed over to the Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes during his tenure.
The more oxygen in the blood, the more minerals and waste products are released from the body.
Therefore, the participation of women in mission projects is very low, the dropout rate of children is higher than usual.
In Kashmir, 200 tonnes per acre, in Punjab 134 tonnes per acre, in Bengal 89 tonnes per acre and in Assam 67 tonnes per acre.
The village was founded in 1956 by Narendra Borchugrey and his wife, Dohne Puwein and 11 other families.
Police said that the driver of the scooty could not control the vehicle and hit the bumper of the Hyundai and overturned and entered the right side of the vehicle. The truck (ML 11 8622) was driven by Iohbor Lapasam of Shangpung, West Jaintia Hills District.
The AIFF has also announced a special award for the best pitch, best match organization and best media activities.
The Cabinet meeting today also approved the financial assistance to 1.2 lakh people who will receive T.700 per month during the curfew. and they will receive T.2,100 each during the curfew, which will start from 23rd October to 14th June
With the loss of these two teams in the final on the 29th of November, it will be a continuation of the match that these two teams played last year, in which the Mawlai won the title 2-1 in the extra time.
The High Court today ordered the Rangbah Shnong of Ummulong to convene the Dorbar Shnong within 10 days or on the 12th of this month.
With the concern of the poor and needy who can no longer afford to go to work, some youths and elderly people have created a Whatsapp Group called “Kner Ban Iarap” in which the members of The group has donated as much as they can and has bought rice and distributed it to 40 poor families in the village today.
Therefore, for these reasons and illegal activities mentioned above, it is urgent for the Government to prosecute the brokers in the DTO office and to punish/dismiss those employees involved in these activities. crime.
In Mawkyrwat, Mawten SC beat Pyndengrei SC 2-1 to take three points in the first leg of the match at MDSA Stadium. In Tura, Mawten SC beat Pyndengrei SC 2-1 Chipakkore FC drew 1-1 with Warima Youth Club at Chandmari Ground.
She said that up to 120 people have died across the country alone due to the money laundering, who is responsible for such a tragic incident, the Congress has demanded that the Modi government and The RBI should also apologize to the relatives of those who lost their lives and pay compensation to them.
The organizers of the peace assembly expressed their gratitude to all those who came to participate and prayed for the people of Manipur.
In this regard, the Seng Khasi Kmie, makes it clear that there is nothing to express the personal speech of any person, but the Seng regrets the misuse of the youtuber to use of the images of the Seng Khasi, especially the misuse of the Lama of the Seng and the images of the rituals on the sacred Lum Sohpetbneng.
Pynursla, March 13: U Bah Stering Khongtiang, Rangbah Shnong of Lyngkhat, 20 kilometers away, has been injured when he was tied with a bottle of kyiad, at Nintu Kori.
“In my constituency, we don't have a single seat and that's why I fully support the MoU and I request that Bah Charles will read the MoU first,” said Bah Bajop. He requested that this issue should not be stingy so that there will be no loss of land to Assam.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on July 7, 2013, today said that as part of the efforts to avoid the loss of job opportunities in the state, the government has decided to continue The Office Memorandum (OM) 2022 on the Reservation Roster has been amended, while the review of the Reservation Policy is ongoing.
He said that through the PM Street Vendor's AtmaNirbharNidhi scheme, it has helped to bring them into stable income generation and open up opportunities for them to move forward.
“If the Government cannot pass a law on coal mining, you who earn your living from this coal industry should come forward to demand your rights,” he said.
The route of the Cyclothon & Independence Day Run, 2021 will start at Kiang Nangbah Stadium – Ladthadlaboh Main Road – Moosalyngkat – Mission Hospital – Dulong (Pohali) Bridge – Dulong – Pamhadem – Le Kyrnah. Nangbah Memorial (Gold Synth).
Morjina Bibi, who has been missing since 5th June, was found near her residence in Old Bhaitbari (WGH).
When the children of foreigners are born to the Khasi mother, they are born to the Khasi mother.
He said it is because of the poverty faced by the people that the rich politicians take advantage and use them and others.
The report said that the contest will be fierce between the BJP and the Congress.
Indian Arrows coach Venkatesh Shanmugam, who is the assistant coach of the national team, said, "He was pleased with his invitation to train with the team.
“I want the government to cover up this incident, now the cost is huge, the mother has been taken from Ganesh Das to NEIGRIHMS, the child has been taken to Nazareth.
She said that these political parties which are part of the BJP should withdraw because the people will not support them at all.
Only those who have reached the age of 18 years and above can apply for this volunteer position and those who are not yet in need will be preferred.
They also learned why farmers are known and honored as the source of income.
On the part of those who supported the issue, they gave their own reasons, while on the part of those who opposed, they gave their own reasons to justify.
Before the outbreak of Covid-19, Gregorwilson Makdoh and Ferdinand S Ranihad won gold and bronze medals at the Kanninjuku National Shoto Cup Karate Championship held in Maharashtra.
He said he has nothing to say on this, but he will leave it to the wisdom of the people to decide because we cannot fight because politics itself should decide to bring about change inside. the state and to have security for indigenous peoples.
Therefore, “Let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven” Matthew 5:14-16.
The moments when we see the purity and beauty of creation and nature, and when we cry.
At that time when I was about 7 years old, I remember that Bah Sumar Sing Sawian used to come to our house in Riatsamthiah to meet our father.
It is here that there is still a great need to teach this nation.
Dayoophioo Lyngdoh scored in the 3rd minute, Nangkhroo Lyngdoh in the 56th minute and Lakhon Phawa in the 60th minute.
Other speakers on the occasion included Paiem Wanphrang Syiem, Syiem of Khad-ar Lyngdoh Hima, Paiem Laborius Syiem and Jirang MDC, Bah Victor Rani. The joy of having such festivals and the spirit of preserving the customs and traditions of any nation that does not have its own customs and traditions is a lost nation. and it is for this reason that we have to preserve our customs and traditions which are the identity of any nation in this country.
destroy them.
As part of the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections, the East Jaintia Hills District Police on 26th June conducted a search operation at Umkiang.
The NIA has arrested Sadiq Ali, District Secretary of the SDPI in Theni, and Mohammad Qaiser, President of the PFI in Madurai. Pazhani is located in Dindigul district of Tamil Nadu.
From time to time, there is a demand from the farmers that they should not be able to increase the price of their crops by the traders by the kilogram.
Bah Pynïaid said this after a meeting with the EMs of the Hynniewtrep Nongïew Association who came to meet to congratulate the Executive Committee regarding the inspection of the market especially at the head of the market. promise to take measures to bring about a clean environment in the market.
This bill is known as the “KHAD Bill.
According to Bah Syiem, even the Congress party may face difficulties in the upcoming elections in the state if it does not understand the aspirations of the people.
Mary and Joseph went to Bethlehem once a year to pay homage to that foreign Government and it made their souls more and more sad because in Bethlehem they did not have a house, they did not have their own land to live on. to remain and are only strangers in their own Country.
Furthermore, it is useless to talk about the farmers if we don't talk about the party.
The statement said that the HNLC has nothing against the husbands who went to the funeral, they did not flee from the party, but they have asked to resign cleanly.
While Ryntih started the game slowly from the beginning, it wasn't until 20 minutes later that they started to attack the opposing team.
“Assam should stop harassing the people living in the area which happens from time to time,” said Bah Fivestarbon.
“The state government should set up a special department for the disabled to implement the schemes and assistance to be provided to them,” he said.
However, earlier, several journalists had spoken to Bah DD Lapang on the issue of leadership within the Congress party. “This is not a new story, the issue of leadership is “It's been a long time but it's still appearing in the last few days,” said Bah Lapang.
“On my part as MLA, I will release T.40 lakh to the farmers, that is T.5,000 per family of the affected farmers,” said Wailadmiki Shylla after the meeting to assess the damage caused. The meeting was attended by all the officers of various departments including the MLA and Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills. District of Garod LSN Dykes.
He said that the employees and MDCs of JHADC have not received their salaries for many months due to the non-release of mineral revenue by the State Government to the JHADC.
In North Garo Hills, there are 5 cases, 3 cases are high risk contacts and 2 cases are from outside the country.
He expressed his satisfaction that the initiative of Alexander B. Lish of the Serampore Mission to introduce Bengali characters as written characters in the Khasi language has been successful. duh you're damn.
Lakyntiew Syiemlieh has 4 children and 2 grandchildren who have to provide for the needs of the family by teaching at Persara UP School. looking after the children, going to school, and preparing for school especially as a mother who also has to look after the whole household.
It can be seen that the preparation has been perfect from the set, the cinematography, the dialogue, but of course, there will be no profit because it is not a film or a play. walk the market.
"Lano turned and laughed again. "It's true... Then I'm afraid you'll be close to Kongthei, lest she be raped.
In his opinion, the Government of India will have to consult with various groups, ethnic groups, political parties and even the State Government before taking a decision on this issue.
“We collect contributions from our members as much as we can.
The workshop was organized by IQAC, English and History Department of the College in collaboration with Samagra State Education Department.
But Riia said, “Let's take a break and work a little longer...” So Deisy had to obey, although she didn't go to the living room anymore; she talked to Riia in the sister's bedroom.
At this meeting, the elders and Rangbah Shnongs of the Khasi villages in Bangladesh requested the Chiefs of Dawki area on the border with Bangladesh to investigate the incident. Bangladesh to the Indian border who used to steal tympew and other agricultural products, should not shoot or kill them as in the past, but should arrest to arrest and hand over to the law.
This was the first step that Mawkhrum was shaken by the synjor custom.
The purpose of this inspection was to find out whether the treatment of water in these PHE water treatment plants is adequate or not, before being distributed to the residents of Jowai. .
The Government has claimed that the dismissal of these officers is in accordance with the provisions of the Lokayukta Act as the Act does not allow retired officers to become members of the Lokayukta Act. The appointment of officers who are still working has reduced the expenditure of the government as it does not need to spend on salaries.
According to RTI, there are 17 applicants for the post of government employee in Ri-Bhoi district.
So he wrote a letter and gave it to Bah Shanbor to take to the Police Station.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimon Lyngdoh, said that Tellme left his house on the 29th at about 5 pm to visit the farm.
The demand at the meeting was that the MoU should be canceled first, as it was signed without the knowledge of the people, because in the MoU, it is clear that many of the areas of Meghalaya which are under the Maikhuli village has been incorporated into Assam.
The same prophet says, 23:9, "The Lord of hosts hath purposed to darken the pride of all glory, to bring to nought the honorable of all the earth.
However, due to the lack of network, they have to take private vehicles to take them to the hospitals.
With the departure of Bah Diverland and his supporters, the Congress party has now collapsed and has raised doubts whether the incumbent MLA will remain in the Congress.
Tied Jem and you will find the Gang Group.
"As of now, we have found evidence between their cooperation," said the Tamil Nadu police chief.
On the day of his funeral, people from all over the country gathered to bury him on the 15th July 2021, which is the Independence Day of India.
This includes the Chief Minister.
A mother in the United States has been arrested after her baby died.
On the other hand, the KSU-Laban Circle, after receiving information about the incident, has conducted an investigation and found that what has been heard and spread is not true.
Samla Donbor Rumnong, who won the bronze medal in the Mr. Physique at the WFF Proam Championship in Vietnam, received Rs 1 lakh and Raymon Nongkhlaw, who won the silver medal at the Pro AM Universe Championship in Bangkok, Thailand, received Rs 2 lakh. , who are the best players.
The financial report was received from the Treasurer (Rangbah KL Basaiawmoit) which has passed through the Auditors and was accepted.
On the other hand, the SDO promised to take action.
How many millions of people can die in a minute.
Not only that, the use of social media by children has also affected their education which is the future for them.
Bah EMR.Syiem wrote these words in the magazine "The Voice of the North Eastern Tribes"
Shillong, November 20: The Joint Committee of the Union of Dorbar Shnongs of Pynthorbah, Pynthor Umkhrah-Golf Link, Nongmensong, Mawpat, Lum Shyiap and Langkyrding Mihngi together with the The Dorbar Shnong of Mawlai Town Dorbar on Saturday held a meeting to discuss the Law Adong Lum Mawpat after the controversy started in these days.
Political parties or candidates should first check any rules or regulations imposed at the venue where they intend to hold the meeting whether they are still in force or not.
According to the decision taken with JACATAM, the chief secretary explained that some of the demands are easy and some are difficult and need to be studied carefully before the government, and denied that the three month deadline is not appropriate. relationship.
This allocation is too small compared to the size of eastern India,” Muivah said.
JOWAI: The AJYWO Central Body has demanded that the JHADC should stop issuing new Trading License to foreigners in Jaintia Hills and should consider thoroughly the rules and regulations before issuing Trading License. that the Trading License shall not apply to the owners of the country.
Shillong, Naitung 6 : U MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, has urged the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, who is in charge of the electricity generation department in the state, to order the MeECL department to reduce the electricity supply. Shillong: The electricity supply has been cut off at night in Shillong due to the increasing number of crimes and causing fear among the residents.
They also decided to hold an indefinite strike from the 24th if the government remains silent.
“At this meeting, the KSU has explained that the reason why they are against foreign trade is because the government has not provided security measures and on our part we foreign traders are not against the demand of the KSU, but we have not. “It's not like we're going to be able to approve or take any decision to ban or suspend foreign trade,” said Lop Pohtam.
Regarding the presence of some youths who want only profit in the name of love, Wanbha said that on his part, he has not found any. He said, "If you don't have true love, you don't have wealth, you don't have money.
The union will soon meet with the authorities in charge of the office of the Commandant Home Guard West Jaintia Hills District Jowai to put up a petition demanding that they should pay all the salaries of these people. to Home guard Volunteers COVID-19 West Jaintia Hills.
Bais' appointment came after Bhagat Singh Koshyari resigned from the post.
Collin WanñiangWe have heard “Wisdom is Power”! It is true – man, although small or short in stature, builds houses to reach heaven; he is the master of all creation. – it's just because of Buit.
He said that since 1972, the population in Meghalaya has increased by 15% to 17% but the surprising thing is that this Reservation Policy has deprived the majority of Khasi.
From the beginning they are religions of pain and forever it will be the religion of pain want rhah want wealth just like wrong tiak can be cut church even if not cut church is your own group does not get buried people why don't you open them eyes and open your mind why you want to join such a church.
It has been two months since she reversed her decision.
“We don't get any assistance because we live in the Border Area and Assam. We are very grateful to the MLA for his assistance. Rangbah Shnong Mowluber Bah Gilbert LapasamWe would like to express our gratitude to the MLA for his hard work in addressing the needs of us who live in the Border Area with Assam called Block-1
“Your Panah is the best... I treat you like my own child...” said the friend while walking along the road.
Shillong, Nailur 20: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the Opposition has strongly criticized the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (NPP) government for its failure to punish in connection with the case of Allegations of 'illegal involvement' among contractors involved in the construction of the new Legislative Assembly after the collapse of the roundabout in January this year.
“Before Kong Wanpli started her work, she was ordered to bring her family members to explain the duties of the Orderly Peon.
Shillong, March 30: U Arphul Kharbani, President of the Hynniewtrep Achick National Movement (HANM) West Khasi Hills District, who was arrested on the 26th of last month, has been charged under the Meghalaya Prevention and Detention Act. Act (MPDA), which provides for imprisonment for up to three years without bail.
Speaking to Rupang, Medical Superintendent of Ganesh Das Hospital, Dr TR Tariang, said that the child was taken out yesterday and has recovered.
On the other hand, the filmmakers congratulated and praised the Kiri Dolloi Native Cultural Institute for organizing this successful Film Fest which has attracted spectators.
Prestone Tynsong said that the meeting of the two Chief Ministers of the two states held in Guwahati, once again discussed the border issue and unanimously agreed to A Regional Committee will be set up and Meghalaya will have three committees, Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia and West Khasi.
This decision was taken at a meeting held in Jowai with the participation of the Jaintia Hills Sengbhalang, the Jowai Union of Waheh Shnongs, the Union of Jaintia Waheh Shnongs and others.
There are many kinds of animals, wild animals, birds, and many kinds of animals in Israel today.
We need good omega-3 fatty acids and are essential for good health and to help us fight high blood pressure and diabetes.
Leaders of the HYC who attended the function included Bah Hercules Suting, President HYC Ri Bhoi, Fr Zachaeus Syngkli, Parish Mawlasnai, Tbn TK Sunar, Tymmen Basan Presbyterian Church, Rangbah Church. of God Hamarbamut Rani, Pastor Seventh Day Adventist Church, Rev. P. Wahlang, Bah Joplin Sten, Rangbah Shnong Mawlasnai and many others.
He said that the committee has decided to temporarily provide an ambulance for the hospital, while the government has not yet provided an ambulance, as the presence of the hospital will help the authorities and also the government. Patients in need of illness and any health facility without an ambulance causes problems to the public.
Police have recovered the motorcycle, but the driver has managed to escape.
The next morning, a sohmoh goat walked near the pond and asked the myrsiang how he got to the high pond.
According to the RTI, there are three Gram Sevak posts except for two in Laitkroh Block Development Office and one in Pynursla Block Development Office.
He said the government has launched the 'Meghalaya Signbank App', one of the apps which helps these people with special talents to get financial assistance to develop their talents and to bring them closer to other people.
Tangri village is only 2 KM from Shyrwang village on the Nongstoin-Shillong road and to reach this village you have to work. through the Kynshi River and unfortunately, the village still has to use the footpath bridge to work through the river, because until now there is no bridge that can allow vehicles to pass through the river. .
He added that the continued signing of the MoU will further strengthen the relationship between these important groups and strengthen the commitment to promote the economic development of the North East.
However, one of the most difficult things for the UDP is that its structure has been affected by the decision to form a government with the NPP this time after it has been together for five years and contested the elections.
This increase in income in Meghalaya may be due to the heavy investment of the state government.
He said that in the same month, the Umiam Bridge connecting Umjajew and Nongpathaw will be opened and in the same month, the foundation stone will be laid for the construction of the Sohiong Complex at Sohiong market.
The NPP candidate from Rangsakona Subir Marak has asked for the support of the people to elect him as MLA. Her frame.
The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) War Jaintia Circle and the Syndai Unit together with the village authorities have raided Lakroh village.
He said that the officer has also said that the government will provide another Sun Health Center in Mawkhiat and it will be implemented soon.
The police chief was killed on November 21,
It was in the 51st minute of the second half that Haaland scored the first goal after De Bruyne's assist.
Ml-05J-6097 was registered at Phlur Mandar Nongsiej, Mawranglang, SWK Hills.
For some political parties, women's empowerment has been seen as a political issue, while for others it may be for the sake of victory. in the election campaign.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Hek said that the award was given only to film companies.
Inter District 2001 which was held at Ummulong.
Nongpoh, March 17: The office of the Meghalaya AIDS Control Society, Shillong in collaboration with the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District today launched an Integrated Health Camp to provide free treatment to HIV/AIDS patients. The meeting was held at the Ïewmawlong Assembly Hall.
Meghalaya tied first and scored 89/9 in 20 overs.
“Hamas militants tied up, burned and killed the children.
So far, Iranian-backed Hezbollah militants are reportedly preparing to attack Israel from the north.
Life-saving medicines such as anti-rabies and vaccines have been delivered by the drone, which has enabled the country to witness the most special day of the year. The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has issued a statement saying that he has not been able to return to the hospital in Jengjal in the evening.
In connection with the incident, it is said that the girl managed to escape and phoned her family, which prompted the family members of the girl, to search for her and search for her. Auto Rickshaw, where they found the driver of the Auto Rickshaw and after that they informed the police that the Ri Bhoi Police came to arrest him.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Central Executive Council (KSU) through its Education Cell has announced the results of the UPSC-CSE Scholarship Examination 2022 held on 14.05.2022 at North Eastern Hill University Arts Cluster Classroom. tomorrow 19.05.2022 from 6 pm through the website of the organization.
Eighteen political parties including the BJP, four MPs from the North East and two Chief Ministers from the region attended the meeting.
At the same time, she requests all the Rangbah Shnongs of the area not to give permission to foreigners, as the job of carrying letters can be done by the youth of the State.
And they came unto the top of mount Hermon, where the LORD commanded Moses to go up to the top of Pisgah.
Regarding this incident, the four persons urged the police department to conduct a thorough investigation, so that all those involved in this crime will be exposed and should be punished. punished according to the provisions of the Act.
Besides, he said that until now there has been no discussion after the construction of the four-storey house whether they will come back or not.
In the women's singles final, China's Chen Yu Fei defeated Spain's Carolina Marin in a fierce 64-minute match. that Chen would have been able to bring her country the victory trophy from the tournament.
Sonmoni Borah, Joint Secretary, urged the Autonomous District Councils to submit their proposals for the digitization and updating of the land records under the Digital India Land Records Modernization Programme. (DILRMP).
However, the best thing to do is to cut off the dead branches and burn them.
They have been allowed to mine coal using scientific methods, but they have banned the mining of coal using slingshots like snakes to enter and leave because it affects everything.
But let us be like the flowers that grow in their own colors and blossom in their own fragrance and beautify with that color and with their variety in the garden where they grow.
In the Bhoi area, there is a custom of marriage known as shim-bhoi.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the National People's Party (NPP) in Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday praised Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, for understanding that the rise of the NPP in the district and state, is due to the joining of the NPP. u Children's Day Dhar.
“The government should think again, and there is no problem to eradicate any evil if the government has the will.
God sees that the old covenant can no longer take away sins.
The village leaders and the MDC have decided to convene this meeting to arrange among the village leaders to maintain peace and order. .
Khliehriat, Nailar 02: The Executive Engineer of PWD Khliehriat, Bah M.Kharnaior in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Sutnga, Bah Eban Sutnga and the Assistant Waheh Shnong of Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, Bah Moin Dkhar, on Tuesday. Churches have inspected the road which has been damaged and has caused danger to the people in coming and going.
The victim was identified as Asad Ali, from Dhubri, Assam and he has been missing since 11th June
After receiving information about the incident, some journalists went to Risiang village and found that the wooden bridge had collapsed.
Since the time of MSEB, Rs 200 crore has not been paid to Neepco, until the transformation of MeECL into a corporation, the debt has been increasing, the reason is that there are those who have not paid their bills, from the side of the people. ,There are those who have been cut but apply again with new names, many government offices do not pay.
The tournament will be organized by the MBA and the Boxing Federation of India (BFI) and will be funded by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government.
He also accused the government of not being able to implement the Meghalaya Residents, Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) 2016, saying, “We don't know why they have hidden even this Act”.
The goal came within 7 minutes through Special Nongrum and lasted until the end of the first half.
“In fact, he is pleased with the state government's plan to build a Meghalaya House in the state.
Among those who spoke, there were those who didn't want to criticize anything, but who just followed the rules and regulations of the church. "I have received a reply from some people who said that they feel that they should follow the rules of the church because the rules of the church have been created by themselves, fellow pastors and maybe Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, may be right. the co-creator of those laws, but now perhaps he might be the one breaking them.
“The Government of Meghalaya should include Baikam Village in Meghalaya because according to the four criteria, the population of this village is all Khasi-Pnar, secondly, According to the MoU, Ratacherra, Malidor and Border Umpyrdit have come to Meghalaya but Baikam village near Ratacherra has not been included,” he said. said Bah Synrem.
He said that the government's decision to cancel the soskular is that if the project continues like this, they will never get their own Medical College.
Because of Sister Anne's desire to serve in mission countries, her superiors sent her to Shillong in
At the same time, the Forest Department also honored the Rangbah Shnongs of 6 (hynriew) villages.
Other teams in Group-A are Jharkhand, Tamil Nadu, Goa and Manipur.
He congratulated all the journalists who have given their services in their respective fields especially in relation to village affairs and announcements that the public should receive information to build the society.
The United States has warned that it will not ignore foreign interference in the conflict in Yemen.
“We have prepared well including the smooth counting of EVMs and Postal Ballots for the 7 districts to be counted here.
This type of treatment with herbal medicines is used by those indigenous peoples, the peoples who are still living here and there.
Regarding the problems faced by the college, the Vice Principal of the college said that the college can send the schemes to him and they will be sent. to the State Government to do whatever is necessary, which he can do as the Governor of the State.
Major Aman Kirti, Assam Regimental Centre, while speaking at the meeting, expressed his gratitude to the parents of the two deceased soldiers and those who attended.
Langsning, who won the toss and elected to bat first, allowed Sputnik to tied first for 179 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 38 overs. .
This approval was not respected and Tura was declared a city during the rainy season and left as such by various Governments, which is an injustice to the people of Tura. and Garo Hills,” said the petition.
They have filed a complaint in the Delhi High Court against Republic TV and Times Now as well as their editors on allegations of defaming the filmmakers.
As the Word of God says, it is God's commandment to help one another and to love one another, especially one's neighbor.
In his speech, he also set a target that by 2019, the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, 125 crore people in India will proudly say that India is a free country. the waste.
Looking back at the education system of today, it should also be noted that the students have become busy in the pursuit of color, and education has gone further.
“We are fighting against these illegal acts of his to protect the rights of the members of the Academic Council whom he has tried to attack.
“On the other hand, the government has said that the households in the rural areas have benefited from the Subhagya Scheme. In fact, the officers of the department should have investigated,” he said.
Vincent said there is a threat in Meghalaya from the rule of the MDA government which is allied with the BJP. On the other hand, Congress MLA and MDC from Mawhati constituency, Charles Marngar, said that Samlin Malngiang and Synshar Lyngdoh defeated (L) HDR Lyngdoh in 2018 when he contested from the Congress party.
He said that the government's failure to act on the complaint lodged at Mawlai Police Station has prompted him and his family to appeal to the Meghalaya High Court for a hearing. right.
Bah Wahlang confirmed to provide assistance of up to 50% of the examination fee for Microsoft Certification.
All those involved in these activities are also directed to comply with the guidelines issued by the Municipal Corporation of Delhi (MCD) on 03.04.2024 to all its licensees and contractors regarding advertisements in the areas. the people of the MCD.These guidelines, while allowing advertisements relating to political activities in favor of political parties/candidates, prohibits advertisements criticizing any political party or candidate.
At the same time, they said that they give their full support to the KSU which has organized this program not only today but to continue from time to time. that it may be a teaching unto the generation to come.
In addition, there has been a warning that unusual incidents may occur due to the disturbance of natural forces in the country.
Neither the State Government nor the Central Government can escape from its duty and responsibility to ensure that the citizens are safe, happy and full of hope.
He said the HSPDP also stands firmly against corruption, crime and strongly opposes the government's introduction of the law, the railway, uranium mining and other activities. who affect the life and death of the nation.
Those who attended the awareness program in Umtyra included the Umtyra Infiltration Check Post Police, the Waheh Shong, the Secretary of Umtrya Village and religious leaders.
According to a statement from the FKJGP Mawlai Circle, this initiative of Nongpdeng Village should be commended.
In addition to those languages ​​that already exist from all over the villages, there are also languages ​​that can be created by combining two or three words to create one language that is meaningful, clean and short. katlah katiai in order to improve the quality of writing.
Shillong: The Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP) Meghalaya has expressed its deep sorrow over the incident of incident at St Mary Mazzarello Girl's venue for the NEET-UG 2024 examination. Higher Secondary School, where the examiners at this center said that they received two types of question papers, one known as the QRST and the other as the MNOP. The questions have been asked differently and this has caused confusion and doubt among the examiners at the centre.
" said Raymond Kharjana.
According to the CEM, if the ARPA fails, it will be the defeat of the people who voted against the Congress.
The 6 Wah Lukha Village Association (JHADC) has strongly opposed the auction of the Lukha River by the JHADC for the fishing season for the year 2020-2
He said that the registration of the vendors will start from tomorrow from the 14th to the 19th with the necessary documents such as voter ID card, ration card, BPL card and two photographs. .
Ruben Dkhar scored in the 14th minute, Isak Surong in the 35th minute and William Suting in the 79th minute.
Sources said that a meeting of truck drivers will be held tomorrow at Umdiengpun Square near Elephant Falls to discuss the issue.
Shillong: The family members of the deceased, Bah Marshall Marweiñ, have laid to rest the body of Bah Marshall Marweiñ, this afternoon, 7th June 2024, at the Catholic Cemetery. Japanese wings.
Therefore, the presence of this newly mined coal ensures that illegal mining continues.
He said that the reason why another leader made the wrong announcement is because SBUK does not receive large donations from the government and that is why another leader of SBUK , you're like wrong.
The collapse of the dam has affected five villages including Umtangling, Mensain, Pynthor, Umshaw and Umsyntung who used to rely on the water from the dam for farming. their fields.
On Tuesday, the Rangbah Shnong of Ummat-2, was summoned by the village leaders of Mawsholding, to discuss the case of allegedly killing and slaughtered the cow of a Nepali in Mawsholding, but on that day, the man said that he escaped from the summons, after the summoners said that they should kill and kill the man as he had killed the cow.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Minister of State, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, who is the Leader of the District, expressed his gratitude to the team of doctors and nurses from the Downtown Hospital and also to the KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit. He said that after the National Green Tribunal banned the mining of coal, it has been a serious burden on the people of the district. He expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the KSU and the Downtown Hospital for taking this step. He urged the party to continue to work hard in all aspects for the welfare of the people. He said that on his part as a leader, he will continue to work hard. together with the party as well as with the people in any issues.
Sonia Pala, Superintendent of the orphanage, gave a short speech on the history of the orphanage since the beginning of the orphanage in 2018 and during the difficult journey. .
The Seng also said that it does not challenge the ownership of the forests but should follow the rules of law, as the Seng has inspected and found many forests which have been destroyed by the illegal logging. trees that siej.
“The NDRF will provide support to these two groups,” Singh said.
Education is limited to half the time without any involvement of parents.
Shillong: Two Congress MDCs in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) have demanded that a special session should be convened to discuss the allocation of MDC constituencies.
Wasa Utd SCC beat Newhill SC 3-1 on the opening day of the 18th Above Knockout Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Monday.
It can be said that the political parties also want to consider this recruitment policy carefully so that it will not affect anyone.
However, it appears that the NOC has not yet appointed a person for the post of CEO/Secretary General in accordance with the constitution of the NOC. At the same time, it has requested the NOC of India to confirm and strengthen the implementation of its procedures without delay so that all these activities can go smoothly.
Furthermore, the VDP members also found another reason for the delay in writing the census in which many of the names of the villagers of Risiang village have entered Mawlangriang village.
People will say whatever, but what good is it to listen to people? I have to listen to my strength and look after my house.
Through these events, she has tried her best to showcase the cultural richness of Meghalaya.
The meeting was attended by MP VH Pala, Congress candidate.
He said the government would look into the inquiry set up by the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District and also the inquiry by the Commissioner of Garo Hills Division Peter J Ingty into the incident.
While she was thinking about this, she decided to go back to Mawkhar to meet Linda.
He said that before leaving on Tuesday, he will also meet with the Governor, Tathagata Roy.
At the same time, the District Magistrate has also banned the passage of coal trucks through Nongpoh-Umden Road, Umling-Lailad Road, Lailad-20th Mer Road, Umsning-Jagi Road and from Nongpoh-Nartiang Road, Ri Bhoi. District.
The relatives of the girl, in collaboration with the Ri Bhoi Police, today left Nongpoh to collect the body of the girl, which is at Safdarjung Mortuary in Delhi.
We hope that the by-election for this constituency will come soon so that the people of Shella will remain strong in their conscience.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Meghalaya on Saturday announced that the containment order has been lifted.
On the contrary, the youngster in the two-day game tried to play hard for his team.
According to reports, the visit of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare to the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ, was for the purpose of inaugurating the Oxygen Plant at the hospital, but for other purposes. However, no information has been received as the WKH Health Department has not informed the media.
The Director, Sports & Youth Affairs, Meghalaya, said that the incident happened on the morning of the 19th, when a man entered the end of the stadium and started to clean the track.
The entire state of Meghalaya is currently in the midst of a power outage known as 'Load Shedding'
These training sessions were conducted in collaboration with AVENUES and Curiosity Gym in Mumbai.
Meghalaya will play against Punjab on Tuesday.
The commemoration is also part of the celebration of the 77th anniversary of the UN under the theme, “Non Violence and Food Security”.
He said that the transformer was not yet damaged but it was due to the collapse of the post light that the engine of the transformer caught fire.
Shillong: UDP candidate Balajied Kupar Synrem has defeated Grace Mary Kharpuri by 669 votes in the first round of elections.
From the speech of Bah Pynshngain, it is understood that in the next budget session of the KHADC, Teilinia Thangkhiew will continue to chair the session.
The HLC, which was set up by the State Government to find ways and means to relocate the Them Metor from Them Iew Mawlong, has recommended to the State Government to accept the ownership of the land in Them. Mawlong Market from the Hima Mylliem, to relocate Government Employees and to relocate illegal residents.
However, this government has seen the traffic density from Mawlai NEHU to Happy Valley and has left and NHAI will take over the construction of NH6
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 9: The All India Trinamool Congress Nongstoin Block Committee (NAC) Nongstoin Block Committee (NAC) has gained more and more strength in every village, with the participation of members of the villagers. The party will not be able to participate in the 2023 elections.
However, there are also the Nongtrai, the Dikir, the Maram, the Muliang, the Garo, the Bhoi, the War, the Mawiang, the Pnar,...Now, the slow entry of foreigners into the coal mining factories, in the par coal and to set up shops in Shallang and surrounding villages, has been a threat to the land owners.
The Kur Khymdeit, would like to express its special thanks to the DFO Social Forestry, Nongpoh, for donating 400 tree seedlings. .
Prestone said the government has accepted the decision that the land for the installation of these poles will have to pay land fee while the land for the electricity lines will not have to pay.
The doctors of the Go Northeast group, met with Bah Rothel Khongsit, Chairman of the Kongthong Village Committee and during the meeting, they learned about the decline in the donation. health care, education and other areas of overall development of the area.
However, surprisingly, there was no invitation to the minorities living in the State such as Koch, Hajong, Rabha, Bodo and Mann.
“This price has been set by the Regulatory Commission despite many requests from the factories not to pay more.
The 22nd North East Regional Power Committee (NEEPCO) was organized through the Ministry of Power and with the financial support of NEEPCO. Government or the Ministers in charge of Electricity from the North Eastern States to discuss ways and means to strengthen the electricity generation.
Speaking on the occasion, FC Shullai said that it is the goal of AMPSTA to hold the General Council in Meghalaya, although there are many challenges faced by the Seng in the process. my way.
According to the signs shown at the public meetings in Mawthengkut on the 12th, it is clear that the AITC in this constituency is very strong, as those who registered on that day were from the youth, women and women. The number of participants reached more than 2,000 at the beginning of the meeting, but even before the end of the meeting, the number of participants was still high.
One of the decisions taken by the EC is to introduce the Hima Nongmynsaw Act, which will be introduced in the Budget Session to be passed soon.
He said that if MPs from different states join hands and visit states across the country by ringing videos, it will be a step to show unity in the country despite the differences. both national and cultural.
So far, the candidates who have been confirmed to contest from Pynursla include the incumbent MLA Prestone Tynsong, UDP candidate Anthony Kongwang, BJP candidate Banpynkhrawbor Khongthaw and TMC candidate Edmund. Nehru Suting from the Congress.
Teibormi Kyndiah, Child Protection Officer, South West Khasi Hills District in his speech explained about the Juvenile Justice Care and Protection Act which explains the protection for children under the age of 18 years.
The issues to be included in the amendment to the 6th Schedule are to create more MDC constituencies, the Central Government to allocate funds directly to the District Council (Direct Funding) and other issues such as the Village Council and the Municipal Council.
Shillong, July 20 : An unidentified man has died on top of an electricity post at Mawphlang Sub Station in Mawphlang Sub Station, East Khasi Hills District.
Both the goals came in the second half through Wadshwa Rymbai (60) and Rimi Pyrtuh (73).
“If this road is paved, the distance will be only 2 kilometres, but now we have to walk 7-8 kilometers every day,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
At the meeting, he said that the Kuki people are afraid that if the government grants Schedule Tribe status to the Meitei people, it will affect their employment opportunities.
The funeral service of Blenty will be held tomorrow 29/10/2020 at 10 am at Lum Thangbru, Khliehtyrshi.
More detailed figures show that the death toll has risen to 5,400 worldwide and those infected have severe fever, chills and others.
The program is part of the Baichung Bhutia Football School Residential Academy's 100 trials at 100 venues across India.
The report said that Pynkhreh Surong was abducted along with his vehicle and it is suspected that he was killed from one place and his body was dumped in the forest.
Latin America has been hit hardest by the coronavirus, with 160,726 deaths.
Shillong, Naitung 26: The Supreme Court of India today heard the case of the late Bimolangshu Roy, who was fighting against the state government. , which was transferred from the High Court of Assam to the Supreme Court and is on the enactment of the Parliamentary Secretary Act, in which the appointment and granting of various benefits, salary and other benefits , through a 2004 law.
Young people today are thinking about their future.
“We will examine the law and if it is not sufficient, we will have to demand the removal of the rules that are not suitable for the indigenous people,” he said.
The eight candidates are World Champion Paliar, Lawyer, Synran Nongshlong, Secretary of the Youth Wing of the HSPDP, Arphul Kharbani, President of HANM WKH, Pynskhem Nongshlong, Former Secretary of KSU Rambrai. , Overlin Nongsiej, Philipston Lyngdoh, Mawtyllup Banniohbor and Francis Wanniang.
They were traveling in a Bolero Pik-Up (ML-08C 5824), which was carrying about 35 people and one of the dead was U Crit Ch Sangma.
The three-day festival will start on the 12th, 13th and 14th of this month at Weiking Jaiaw.
The union also requests that if possible, steps should be taken to explain through short videos through smart classes, or through short videos in public awareness programs so that the children will know how much it affects and damage if people are addicted to drugs.
The Chairman of JHADC said that the Governor of the State, V. Shanmuganathan, will give his approval to the Bill after resolving some of the issues in the Bill.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Dehradun Unit has held its fourth annual meeting to welcome new students to Uttarakhand on 23rd November. , 2018 at Giggles Hall, Ballupur, Dehradun.
Hadrian won the MDC election in 2014 from the UDP from Mawkyrwat but joined the Congress and later left the Congress along with other MDCs to support Pynshngain N. King after he was suspended from the party.
We will trust the UDP, if it says support we will support and if it says support we will support,” said Bah DKhar.
As agreed, both of them told the truth about their relationship as friends in front of their parents.
Shillong: The Dorbar Chnong Wapungskur, in a statement issued by the Waheh Chnong, Bah Satly Ryngkhlem, has banned all foreigners from entering and leaving the village since the issuance of this statement. The boundary of the village, except for unavoidable reasons, shall be accepted only by those who have received permission from the relevant government authorities.
“If there were no villagers, we would have been sitting there and no one would have bought coffee,” said the bookseller.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (CSO) on Tuesday said that they will wait until tomorrow to meet with the Home Minister, Amit Shah. If you want to meet, they will look into other ways and this will be announced tomorrow.
Other speakers included Michael Chyrmang President MPUF-EJH, Raplang Dhar Ex-Waheh Shnong Nongsning, and Ibadamo Shylla. Jaintia.
The Party also discussed the problem faced by those poor families who do not have Ration Cards as there are many poor families who do not have Ration Cards, where such families, they lose the benefits they should have received from which the government has already allocated them.
Shillong, Lber 22 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has taken this opportunity to congratulate all the students of Bri Hynniewtrep who will sit for their SSLC and HSSLC examinations in the coming months. a few days to come.
In the Khasi thought, which has suddenly lost its customs and traditions, the custom of kheiñkur kheiñkha from the mother has become so widespread that it has become a traditional custom that cannot be destroyed.
She said that although she is still studying science, she has come to Shillong to model in her spare time because she wants to continue acting in films if some filmmakers invite her.
The incident has greatly embarrassed the Russian army, but officials believe it will not have much impact on the Russian army in terms of the offensive.
In the Under-14 Boys, Le Shnong Upper Primary School beat Byndihati Secondary School 3-1 in the tie breaker.
“The government has not forgotten and has not hesitated to complete this task and wants to resolve this issue as soon as possible,” he said.
The youth and a friend of his were attacked by a crowd after they accidentally hit a woman with their car.
However, the anger of the people was quelled by the village authorities which freed the riewnar from the bombing.
He said this is the first time that the Central Bureau of Communication, which is a spending body, has entered the fundraising industry.
Bipul Thangkhiew, said that the party was able to purchase the ambulance through the funds raised from the donations among the party members, from the leaders in the zones, Circle together with various Units around Ri Bhoi, through this donation, has been able to purchase this Ambulance, in order to help those poor and needy families. ka churkieh when you don't have to work hard.
“If there is a traffic jam on the road, the market pollution and the water from the garbage trucks will affect the health of the people, because it pollutes the environment as well as the air. "said Mr. Sambormi Lyngdoh.
TVs, mobile phones and other belongings were reportedly destroyed.
He said that the party sells these tickets to the market dwellers and also to the visitors and the winners get a scooty, TV, mobile phone and other items. household appliances.
Nongstoiñ, June 01: Dozens of houses and many villages in Ri-Muliang area, West Khasi Hills, have been severely affected by a sudden cyclone on Friday evening. October 2024.
On the other hand, the police will investigate according to the rules of law.
Charlin Nongtdu scored a hat-trick to lead Wapung Combine SC to a 7-0 win over Iongkaluh at the artificial turf ground in Diengshynrum on November
The Lamphang also convened a working meeting on the progress of the project in the presence of Symbud Lamphang Timothy D Shira, Commissioner & Secretary of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Andrew Simons and officers from various branches.
Shillong: On 30th July 2021, U Satya Pal Malik, Governor of Meghalaya, has distributed awards to the leading leaders of the state as a sign of appreciation for their efforts. They have worked hard day and night to create the necessary measures to protect the state and the people of the state from the spread of Covid-19 which has hit hard for the second time.
Only two Meghalaya players scored 11 runs each – Mrityunjay Bharali and Bipin.
To what extent can the Mawlai people show and prove that they are the true Mawlai people?
Shillong, November 1: Four youths have been arrested by the police for helping their relatives and friends to join the police.
The Reservation Policy states that 80% of Government jobs have been reserved for Khasi-Jaintia and Garo.
This was stated by Santa Mary Shylla while speaking as the chief guest at the meeting of the Extended Outreach Camps program held at the Community Hall, Lad Rymbai Dongwah, East Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday.
The second match had to be canceled due to bad weather.
The smart electricity meter was installed at the residence of James K Sangma, Power Minister and another at the residence of Arun Kumar Kembhavi, Chairman-cum-Managing Director (CMD).
In this inspection, the union under the leadership of Bah Wet Syngkli, found that this road has been one of the main reasons for the slowdown in the development and income of the people. the area.
When women respect their dignity as the leaders of the family, the nation will have dignity.
He said that even after the protests, the closure of the Toll Gate Plaza Lumshnong and the entry into government offices have been many times. The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, to the NHAI PIU, Shillong and also to the meeting at the DC office in Kliehriat, but the work has not reached anywhere, so the KSU has now decided to wait until the end of the meeting. The DC of East Jaintia Hills District, East Jaintia Hills District, has announced that the cleaning of the road will start by the end of November 2023 and if the authorities do not do so, the The party will take a firm decision in another way, the statement said.
Khamtam you have a jabiñ and a jali;Whoever goes to school, doesn't finish reading;I'm a Sahep and I'm a friend of you;
The Mawhati MDC said that the arrival of these parties to support the PDF is only to bring chaos in the stronghold of the party. “There is a lot of confusion and division within the PDF,” said James Sylliang.
He said that these four are the closest disciples of Bah Pynshngain who have decided to stay with him and leave the Congress party.
The HYC has handed over the suspect to the Lad Rangthong Police Station for further investigation.
The curfew was called by the CSWO (I) under the leadership of Irene Hujon for 12 hours from 5 pm to 5 pm on the 28th.
The lack of electricity in the village has been going on for about 4 months.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said that through the NFNS, the party will raise its demands in the Dorbar Tlang of the Central Government through Parliament. states that want their own state.
The Chief Guest was welcomed with a bomb blast and on his part he expressed his satisfaction to see such preparations which are indeed a way to preserve the customs and traditions.
Swinburne also said that the incident with the Jews is a sign and light in the history of mankind that he should not do this again, but we see such incidents happening again and again in his history. man from the foundation of the world.
In the second leg, Tyllilang beat Wahiajer Narpuh 3-0
The Prime Minister is scheduled to campaign for the upcoming Lok Sabha elections in Karnataka later this month, for a public rally in Mysuru and a march in Mangaluru on Sunday. You are God.
We have also seen through the media that the investigation is still under the jurisdiction of the Political Department.
A book written by Muktiar Bah Daniel Stone Lyngdoh on the life of Phan Nonglait has recently been released. against the French army.
Bah Seibor Nongphlang – E/C member UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
IV. A LIFE FULL OF PRAYER: We remember that our Lord Jesus Christ in life as the Son of God never ceased to bow down in prayer at any time to His Father. who is the Almighty God.
“This is because of these works in this area which we have to resolve,” he said, adding that the implementation of hundreds of projects in other parts of the border is already underway.
St. Anthony's H.S.S. also beat St.Gabriel's H.S. 5-4
In particular, the Association is trying to find ways and means to get a proper badminton ground and training ground, so that it can hold trainings and tournaments.
Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of the State Government, has promised to release half of the funds to pay the advertisement bills of the Government to the media in the State.
It is learned that the rudeness of the truck drivers on this road, has been excessive, in which they dare to stand up to three lanes on the narrow road and this has been the cause of this accident. traffic jam.
So far in Ri Bhoi District, 31 cases of Covid-19 have been confirmed out of which 5 cases are from Baridua and 2 cases are from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Health and Wellness Check Gate.
He said that the allegations against Bernard have no basis and evidence and said that this is just a political ploy.
Shillong, July 21 : The Shillong Archdiocese has received nine new Priests from different parishes at the beginning of the New Year.
Alcydalyne Lyngkhei, Clinical Psychologist and Wanteidamon Lyngkhei, Adolescence Counselor were also present to explain the purpose of the programme. Syiemiong, Case Registry Assistant, Kong D.Marweiñ, Ward Assistant.
Thus in other countries of the world, even in some parts of the Khasi Hills, the farmer has used the lyngkor.
When I was teaching Kumar Sanu, I had a problem because I couldn't teach him to speak our language.
The total amount of T.10,78,76,000 (One hundred and seventy-five lakh seventy-seven thousand tyngka).
At that time, the people of this state will witness and see with their own eyes whether it is time for the National President and Vice President of the NPP, Conrad K. Sangma and Prestone Tynsong to speak. by the language of the Kharmetor in both these two states because for many years they have been close and we believe that both of them have improved their language.
However, the goals scored by the officers came only in the first few minutes of the first half, one in the 13th minute and the other goal in the 17th minute. , in which these goals remained until the end of the friendly match.
Earlier, a speech was delivered by Dr.D.Wanswett, Principal of the school, who told about the history of the school which was established in 1997 and the journey has not been easy.
Satan gave this beast power to blaspheme God and to defeat those who believe in God.
All these things come from the law.
There were 31 office bearers including 14 members and 17 executive members under the leadership of Bah I. Kurbah, President and Bah Rickyson Nongsiej, Secretary of MLUCB. Prof HW Syiemlieh (Geography dept Nehu) said, “I hope this Union will be an organization that can provide employees and will indeed be an organization that can guide others. to work and that this organization will not wear a shirt”.
The symphiab in his right hand is a sign that the Khasi man has two positions to lead in society, the Mother and the Father.
Jemino Mawthoh, general secretary of the UDP, said that the discussions to conclude the meeting will be completed next month.
The second word, 'Truly I tell you today, you will be with me in paradise,' which shows that He forgives sinners,” recalled Rev. Thongni.
Regarding the 30th Anniversary of the village, Bah Kronding Nongbsap, Rangbah Shnong, explained briefly about the origin of the village. Bah Y.Shadap (Bam Kwah ha dwar u Blei) together with some of the elders and since then, the village has grown slowly until it has become as it is now.
Khliehmawlieh will face Shillong Premier League champions Mawlai SC while Rangdajied will face Shillong Lajong.
He hoisted the flag of the Sports Department as a sign to open the meet.
Referring to the North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert said the contest is not with the fellow candidates but with the causes that have remained the same for the nation and the state.
On the time of completion of the investigation, Pangniang said it could not be confirmed.
Police are investigating and tracking down the owner of the vehicle.
This decision of the State Government came after the request of many churches and especially those patients who come from poor families, who have faced difficulties in getting treatment at hospitals, because you have lost your shaba palat.
He added that the state has nothing to be proud of in any area, education and health are at the bottom because the people choose the wrong candidates.
“According to our information, there are about 300,000 people who remain in the traditional faith across India and they are also economically and socially backward and in need. assistance and protection from the Government of India and the State Governments,” said the Seng in the petition.
I hate politicians because I don't care about politics.
It would be dangerous for hundreds and thousands of foreigners to move in and live around the villages for 5 or 6 years.
The Parish will start with a Holy Mass and will leave for Lumshyrmit.
Both the teams drew 2-2 in the first leg.
Reming was speaking at a welcoming ceremony for leaders of various parties including the HSPDP, NPP and PDF at a meeting held at Jatah.
Friends or relatives may come to offer them two wheels.
However, please note that this Notification dated 13.4.1951 has been replaced by the Notification dated 13.3.1
Police have arrested the driver Mohammad Hussain and others involved in the smuggling and on receiving the information, rushed to the Imphal airport and arrested Ayub. Khan (41), Md Abdul Razak (35) and Abdul Rahim (33).
Shillong: Many Christians around the world, especially the Catholic Church, today commemorated the day of Jesus' crucifixion on Good Friday.
However, even in the evening, they hunt by waiting in places where the skei come to eat soh such as soh mylleng, soh jri, soh lait and other types of soh.
After the discussion, the KSU members opened the door and allowed to collect taxes from vehicles. 51 new cases of COVID-19, 2 deaths 1448 cases have been reported in the state on Tuesday.
Dr. GT Passah spoke on Tuberculosis (TB) and said that it is now a terrible disease where thousands of people in India die every year. Please also understand that we should not be afraid to send for testing at the government-designated places and we should not be stingy because it can reach the Medical Resistant (MDR) stage which is difficult to cure.
He said that we should refrain from throwing bombs, spraying pesticides on the fish but we should take care and protect the fish and the environment as God has entrusted to the people of this state.
Lamshaphrang also had a good chance, when he shot the ball from midfield against the net, but Dipanjan who was waiting for the goal managed to score. to the ball sharud.
To fight anything you need to work together.
Shillong, July 27: Former Chief Executive Member (CEM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Hispreachingson Shylla on Tuesday said that the Bills passed by the ADCs should be in line with the powers of the Legislative Assembly. so that they don't have to go through the state government, which used to hold many bills until they were completely destroyed.
However, Bah Banteidor expressed his regret that he has sent many suggestions to the Hima Mylliem on how to make the Iewduh a beautiful market but the suggestions have ended only in the Hima Mylliem. In response to the Hima Mylliem, he said that 'there is no place' (whether to build a public place or a place to sleep for the daju). “It's not good for a person to have adequate health care, but the answer of the Hima Mylliem is that there is no place,” said Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh (Bah Paidang). ) when speaking to reporters.
However, the police soon managed to enter the hotel through the main door.
The Addl Superintendent of Police (ASP) Traffic, East Khasi Hills, Bah Ian Onel Swer, in a statement sent on Tuesday, said that a Maruti local taxi has been hit by a Maruti local taxi. , who was shot by the passers-by, entered through the road behind the City Dhaba leading to Polo despite the sign board No Entry.
Lal Thanhawla has resigned after he was defeated himself and the Congress party was defeated by the Mizo National Front (MNF).
We congratulate the MDC for allowing us to use his Make-Shift Camp,” he said, adding that so far, the treatment has been in the second phase which includes consultation.
Regarding the robbery, the four men promised to lodge a complaint at the Pillangkata Police Outpost.
“If anyone has sufficient evidence on the illegal activities of the employees of the department at this gate, they can come and inform the office.
This big stage turned into the central stage, which attracted a large crowd, with the participation of singers from India and abroad which thrilled the audience.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has sent a letter to the Minister of Social Welfare Department, Ma Kyrmen Shylla to express its strong opposition to the dismissal of a woman from Nongbareh Rim, West. Jaintia Hills District as a donor of Aganwadi only because she does not have an Aadhar Card.
Therefore, it is impossible to seek God by human wisdom and science.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has recognized Bravestar Phawa as the Acting Waheh Shnong of Sohmynting, West Jaintia Hills District. day until the JHADC issues another announcement.
As it is now, Israel has already prepared all the necessary materials to build the Third Temple in Jerusalem, but they are still waiting for the time, the command from which to come. will it come!?But we know that when the time happens the law will be issued and that is nearly now.
Shillong, July 17: Seven traders from Assam have been abducted on Saturday by suspected militants in Lum Garo.
Guwahati: There have been 83 deaths from covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 2,7 There have been 3,69183 cases in the state.
Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, India Under-20 Captain Halen Nongtdu was the chief guest. special to encourage the children to play.
The draft of Article 1 was adopted on 18th November, 1949, by the Chairman of the Drafting Committee, Dr Ambedkar.
The child was taken to the Civil Hospital, Nongstoin for treatment, as she could not even cry because she had been crying all night without eating or drinking.
Therefore, this word comes from the request of the Longkmie Longkynthei, who is married, to be able to take care of her sons and daughters from her own family, from her own family, which is the longbriew mentality of you don't have to create-with-thaw-ar.
If we focus only for seniors we will not reach our desired goal.
Furthermore, there will be 16 staff to provide training in crafts and counseling as well as doctors to visit the patients.
In Punjab, 2,288 people have died, including 76 today.
He said that a case has been launched by the Enforcement Directorate against these corrupt officers and these officials will be punished by the authorities in the future.
Shillong, March 7: A Rangbah identified as Bhalang Laso has lost his life after a group of Bangladeshis who came from Bangladesh to the border of Nongjri village below Pynursla, and he smote him until he died.
During the meeting, it was complained that the farmers in these farms have been attacked and robbed by the people of Assam, where they have been harassed during the harvesting season. They also bombed the Khasi Pnars who went to farm in the border area and also raped the women and children.
Thomas Jones also gave the first school textbook, the First Khasi Reader and others.
The winners of the competition will receive T.2 lakh, the second T.80,000 and the third T.30,0
“This was something I didn't think about but it's just that there are rules that delay getting the loan, but now the state government has fixed it and now this order. “It has allowed the government to pay this amount to these generation companies,” he said.
Jowai, July 28: It is a victory of convergence of government departments to open a fish farm at Umladkhur village near Amlarem Sub Division.
He said that Bah Teinwell himself does not want to contest even though the party wants him to continue to contest in the upcoming elections.
At present, the total number of members of the RDA is 15 – 6 from the UDP, 5 from the HSPDP and 4 from the existing members.
The Rangbah Shnong of Madan Umwang, Bah Blikshon Mukhim, said that the SDO of Hamren has summoned him on 11th November for the construction of Eri Farming as Assam claims it as the land. year.
The purpose of this program is to encourage the students to think specifically about science and innovation by participating in competitions not to explain textbooks but what they students discover and discover through their doing projects or activities in various areas.
In a statement sent by the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Ricky AJ Syngkon, said that the government's cleanliness drive on Sunday is a violation of the faith and rights of Christians.
T. Mark, Agnes Kharshiing, Francis Kharshiing and others.
It was therefore decided that the department in charge of this matter will conduct an inspection or Spot Assessment and study the issues on the membership of the villages.
When asked how he first came to think that his mother could take part in the world's biggest tournaments, Vikas said, “When the first time I saw and knew there you have no knowledge.
Shillong: To commemorate the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) by the United Nations General Assembly in 1948, the International Human Rights Day 2021 was celebrated at the State Convention Center, Shillong on Tuesday.
In the Group-D match, Khliehmawlieh Youth Club beat Wasa FC 4-1 at Chandmari Ground in Tura.
The registration of voters in all the villages in Pynursla Block has been going smoothly in these days.
He said that as village leaders, the villagers should think that they are greater than all evils, not evils, so that they can destroy these evils that have swept the society.
It is difficult to see any woman or woman who cannot stand on her own without the support of strong arms.
The Minister encouraged all these youths who have completed their studies.
Regarding the mining of coal under the MMDR Act, 1957 and the Mineral Concessions Rule, 1960 through the order of the Supreme Court, the JHADC said that perhaps the State Government will no longer be able to collect revenue on coal. permission shall rest with the landowners with the permission of the Local Government.
“Dhar also criticized the VPP for alleging corruption against the MDA government.
They also decided that the U-16 Tirot Sing Syiem Memorial Football Tournament 2014 which has been organized by the KSU Umjaiur Unit for 7 years, has been changed to Mawlai. Umjaiur Tirot Singh Memorial Football Committee which is led by the KSU.
Replying to a question by VPP MLA from Nongkrem Ardent Basaiawmoit, the Minister said that the long-term recruitment of Home Guard Volunteers has not been able to retain or recruit anyone. rights for temporary or permanent provision of services and the bodies or agencies that employ them.
Therefore there is an increase in the consumption of getting electricity.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 30 : The Dorbar Shnong Umkiang, East Jaintia Hills District has given only 10 days to the National Highway Authority of India to repair the National Highway in Umkiang due to the deterioration of the road. and put the people in fear.
The Recurve schedule will conclude on Tuesday, the final day of NEOG
“The NIA has conducted an investigation in this regard and has arrested the persons involved in the distribution of counterfeit currency from Bengal in the state,” the NIA said. At least four people have been killed and four others seriously injured in an explosion at an illegal pataka bomb factory in Khurda district of Odisha on Wednesday, police said. .
He explained that cow's milk should be drunk in the morning when the stomach has no food and he explained that cow's milk should be drunk two to three tablespoons of cow's milk and mixed with one glass of water.
She won the title for the second time at 2-1
The Word of God reveals, “Behold, the wages of the laborers who mowed your fields, which you kept back by fraud, cry out: and he went and heard the voice of the Lord.
By 2017-18, only 5,800 SHGs have been set up with a budget of Rs 6.31 crore which has benefited about 60,000 households.
The film will be released by Eid
Bone Health : This leafy vegetable is rich in calcium and vitamin K. The mineral calcium and this vitamin are among the nutrients that are essential for bone health.
These include 28 Under-17 Boys, 26 Under-14 Boys and 9 Under-17 Girls.
The news of the rape between Tangmar and Tangkasiar in Yiaprarev spread quickly to Nongstoiñ.
Other programs included the exhibition of Tableaus from various government departments and others.
The JHADC has declared that Thadmynri village falls under Nartiang District.
The sports meet was held on 1st and 2nd June 2019 at Jawaharlal Nehru Sports Complex, Polo, Shillong. .
"Even though the editor has apologized for the "mistake," the newspaper he published that day is still full of mistakes that have nothing to do with the UN report. The Catholic Association of Khasi Hills (CHASI) has decided not only to condemn Pope Francis, but also to condemn him. The Press Council of India has decided to file a complaint against the Press Council of India for these unfounded allegations and to issue a Legal Notice to the newspaper. to tell from what source she got this news.
Shillong, Naitung 2: Many day laborers are unaware that there are many schemes that the government has prepared for their welfare.
Former Ranikor MLA Martin M Danggo on Tuesday joined the BJP after his supporters demanded that he leave the National People's Party (NPP). .
During the inspection, the union spoke to the Dr incharge of the PHC, Dr K War, who said that the PHC is well prepared to fight against COVID-1
“Who, then, has tried to rapjot something that has been revealed? The Prime Minister has tried to correct his mistake.
In the government's report released today, it showed the major shlems that have been released from the power outage, but did not specify how much demand and supply of electricity is currently.
Kong A Nongrum, President Seng Longkmie Nongmensong, said that when the residents saw that these Dkhars were walking up and down, they had a strong suspicion. They arrested the two Dkhars and immediately handed them over to the Nongmensong Police Station.
The winner of the tournament also received a cash prize of 40,000 tyngka along with a trophy.
Continue to produce more subjects.
According to reports, a Japanese jewelry store reported that a gold bowl worth about 10 million yen ($65,000) was stolen from the store on Friday.
The programs to be held in Shillong are divided into three parts – two on the 14th and one on the 15th. There will be a traditional dance program on the evening of the 14th from 5:30 pm.
Nongpoh: U Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs and Education, today visited Umroi Village, to inaugurate the School Building of Umroi. Umroi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School, located in Umroi Village, Ri Bhoi District.
It can also be said that this group has started to grow through the hard work of all its members.
Earlier, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that at the meeting, there was a proposal from the District Councils to implement the building byelaws even in the rural areas for the safety and security of the houses. they are ashamed.
Furthermore, to establish the issues of the Jaidbynriew before the vote, such as the implementation of the Inner Line Permit or the MRSSA (Amendment Bill), to recognize the Khasi Language in the Constitution of the country. India, to repeal the Casino Act, which the government has just introduced an Ordinance, which will be revived after six months, will be a threat.
Nailar 17: After a three-month suspension of newspapers, the Meghalaya Editors and Publishers Association (MEPA) has suspended the publication of newspapers. The meeting today decided to cancel the decision to start publishing news about the Chief Minister, as usual.
There are many different things in this color of the Mawbynna because all that has been shown and done is original, which is closer to see and find in these days.
However, it said that although Russian troops withdrew from Kherson last year, Russia continues to launch regular attacks and shelling on the city.
This syiem is also the 'lei longkur longjait of the Kur Shadap, and she has a reputation that wherever her sword falls on a tree or stone, it will break into pieces and she will live there.
Inside, they are so terrible that they can destroy a tree without thinking or seeing any sign of rot on the tree.
This is exactly like the beginning of the Fascist, Nazi, Communist groups which first appeared to be the right working group, but gradually destroyed all those who stood in its path.
“We don't have anything against the chairperson,” said Bah Syiem.
If we investigate about the Hynniewtrep people, we will see that the Hynniewtrep people are unique and have received enlightenment since the beginning of the world. proclaim with enthusiasm the Golden Age or the Holy Age in which the days of the Holy Age stand firm in righteousness and truth.
She said that the allegation in the newspapers that her husband is a businessman, a rich man, a saipan of Riwar area is just an insult to his identity.
can we please talk tomorrow.
There have been injuries, other tragic incidents, deaths and damage to property.
While countries around the world are celebrating the International Day Against Child Labor on Tuesday, two girls, Ibahunlang and Mary, told the story of how they had to go to work to earn a living. help yourself and your family.
Shillong: The fig tree festival at Umsawmat village near Tyrsad, East Khasi Hills yesterday was very lively and it was seen that people ate and enjoyed the fig tree because it is sweet and clean.
In this parable, Jesus encouraged his disciples to take the responsibility of feeding thousands of people who were about to die.
In expressing its support and condolences to the protests for the demand and enforcement of the indigenous rights of the indigenous people of this state, the MPHRC expresses its deep sorrow over the silence and negligence of the Government. Instead of looking for other ways to provide special protection for the rights of the indigenous people to curb illegal immigration, they have fought against and turned away the voice of the people. “It cannot be said that in the past few days, the state has witnessed many acts of violence and violation of human rights,” said Bah Dino DG Dympep Chairman of the MPHRC. Responding to these violence, we as the people should strongly condemn the State Government for its inability to curb these violence and its inability to provide a fair trial.
In the United States, 61,761 new cases have been reported in a single day, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 3.85 million.
Most of them are women.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has also distributed trophies to these two teams including Individual prizes and medals were also awarded to all the athletes.
Bah Nongkseh and Kanton Dalu of the 6th MLP Battalion were killed when they were suddenly attacked by GNLA members on Tuesday at 3 pm while they were returning from the market. in Williamnagar, East Garo Hills.
“Form A and Form B are the forms in which the President of any party nominates a candidate as the party's candidate during the election.
Defense Minister Amit Shah on his two-day visit to Meghalaya on 24th and 25th November this year, said that the government led by Narendra Modi is committed to connecting all the cities of the states. in the North East by rail, airplane and road to promote economic growth.
It depends on your desire and understanding to choose which one you can put PNAR/JAINTIA/SYNTENG. I'm from your jylli.
Shillong, Lber 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Upper Shillong Circle in collaboration with the Enforcement Police of KHADC today raided the licenses of foreigners working across the Upper District. Shillong.
Shillong: The Association of Parents of Step by Step School, Shillong under the leadership of Samla Banshai Marbaniang and Bah A.Papang has arranged to gather all the parents of Step by Step School, Shillong. Private Schools in Shillong in relation to education for the children.
According to him, there are 45 people who have been in contact with the patient and all of them have been sent for testing according to the guidelines of the WHO and the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare of the State Government. the result is negative.
The program was attended by Rajai A, Village Organization Thangrai-Nongnah.
The Committee on Public Undertakings (CoPU) in its Tenth Report submitted to the Legislative Assembly on 5th November 2020 has recommended to immediately liquidate the non-operating PSEs within six months.
Sokon thought how to do it when the funeral day is the first day.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Ampareen said, “They are very exciting departments to take over and I am eager to serve well for the people on these tasks which have been assigned to me and I hope to give fair and impartial service".
At the same time, he expressed his gratitude to the office bearers of MDCA who have been a source of encouragement at all times.
With the passing of the days, the people of the state have increased their expectations of clean governance but this has not been achieved due to the increasing violence from time to time in the past few years. .
On this day alone, when counting the complaints of children before the members of the NCPCR, it was found that there were 182 complaints from children, so out of these complaints, there were 134 complaints. shortage of educational institutions, 60 in POCSO, 8 in Juvenile Justice, 4 in health, 4 in electricity shortage and 1 in ICPS. During the programme, the students have lodged complaints about the lack of textbooks, water supply in schools, toilets in schools, electricity, harassment, theft through the Internet, the employment of young children and others.
Khliehriat, November 5: The East Jaintia National Council (ENC) Khliehriat Unit, has expressed its concern over the lack of public toilets in Khliehriat and said that the availability of public toilets especially in urban areas in Khliehriat is very important. to make it more convenient for the people and at the same time to bring about a clean environment in Khliehriat.
He called on the youth to take care and preserve the environment not only for themselves but for others in the future generations.
The school and college authorities have expressed their gratitude to the NEC, as well as to the Chief Minister of the area who has led the implementation of this scheme. improve and improve the quality of education in the community.
After completing his computer degree, he joined the Trinamool Congress (TMC) and later joined the BJP and won the election as MP from Cooch Behar, Bora said. .
This has caused the paid consumers to doubt the management of the electricity department.
In a letter sent to the political parties, Mukul said that the peace and order in Garo Hills should not be disturbed and they should wait for the report of the government's inquiry. on this incident.
Because it is not written, I assume that the disease spread to the Khasi in the 1720s, 1820s and
Suryakumar also became the second batsman in the world to score 1000 runs in T20Is in a single year.
North Lakhimpur College is an autonomous college under the jurisdiction of Dibrugarh University, Assam.
In this regard, the union demands that the allocation of jobs should be done in a transparent manner for the benefit of all the contractors and not only to those who have connections with the officials.
Nepalis are not indigenous and have no power to express anything.
The same will apply to the 187 vacancies in the education department especially in Higher and Technical Education.
But it is not an easy task because I am not a politician.
“The HNLC strongly condemns this evil intention of the Government as it will leave the residents of Sohra unemployed and leave them in the hands of the profiteers.
The 24th Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi Tournament came to an end on 31/01/2021 at Rangad Village, East Jaintia Hills District.
“As for the development works, Assam is going smoothly until today.
Political leaders from various political parties have paid their last respects to the Archbishop today. Lighthouse.
Sports Secretary Oriswell Khyriem also sent a statement.
KHNAM has urged the Congress, TMC, HSPDP and UDP parties who have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's explanation of the Roster System to take responsibility for the government's implementation of the Roster System. from the beginning.
“You cannot present two images by saying yes on the outside and no on the inside.
Due to the outbreak of coronavirus, it has been decided to hold online voting from now on and this is so that in the upcoming elections, voting will continue. from home or wherever a person is, without having to stand in line at the polling stations.
“Regarding the monitoring of large schemes from the central government, Modi is very monitoring and those states which have not implemented these schemes properly will be investigated and will be punished".
The children of Hynniewtrep together with the entire state of Meghalaya have celebrated the 43rd death anniversary of the great poet, Soso Tham.
The Minister said that in any case with other groups, the name 'dorbar shnong' appears to have been removed from the law.
Sirsa also alleged that the High Level Committee (HLC) has gone beyond its duties, in which the HLC passed an order in 2021 and announced to remove these people.
Those who are supposed to conduct the elections have been directed to have been vaccinated twice to prevent the spread of covid.
Bah Hek gave a general example when he stressed that we should never hesitate to have a relationship with anyone by saying, 'If people show respect for me, I will show respect for them. I'm going to them.
“If the Karbi have used the sword and the ryntieh, isn't it up to the police to do what is necessary or are the police laws in the city and on the border different?” asked KHNAM. “If the Government doesn't If the people have to turn to Block-1 to protect their brothers and sisters, we hope that the Government will not stop.
Meban Marweiñ won the Boys Single category, Rajib Dev won the Men's Single category and S.Nonngbet won the Men's Single category. two of the women.
It is learned that while the driver was trying to fight against the robbers, one of the group pulled out a gun and shot him.
Zuma, one of South Africa's freedom fighters, along with Nelson Mandela, but after his nine-year rule, he has become notorious for corruption and corruption. ANC, they have lost confidence in him.
"Ka arsap pleng..." said another woman, "I'll leave the house..." The woman fell asleep and cried loudly.
Arnes Marweiñ (75) scored the third goal for Umsalait SC.
Good luck! The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has taken the initiative to implement the Resource Recovery Center through the Solid Waste Management Programme.
Dalmia Cement has also been allowed to transport 30 trucks of coal per day.
The Foreign Ministry said the MiG 21 soldier went missing when his plane crashed in a collision with a Pakistani plane.
The bus was seized in Krishnai, Assam and the bombs seized included 1162 galatine sticks and 998 detonators.
This is a mistake because the population of Garo and Khasi-Jaintia is not equal.
According to the MPBC, the Indian Boxing Council has decided to allow Shanborlang to compete in the World Boxing Council Championships, but this will only be a matter of time. if he gets resources or sponsors for himself because the cost of living is high.
Pannu was allegedly involved in terrorist activities and spreading terror by creating terrorist attacks in Punjab and other parts of the country.
" said Mr. Prestone.
Many of the people of the constituency in many public meetings held by the supporters around the constituency, have already suggested that Bah Kimfa Marbaniang should contest from the NPP party. On the other hand, the supporters and the people of Rambrai themselves immediately rejected.
This is also a good example for others who have contracted this disease to come forward and tell themselves. This will make it easier for the public to know how to take care of themselves, especially the Government. will do the needful.
This was announced at a meeting of 24 senior Politburo leaders on Tuesday.
Shri.Arun Kumar, Principal, Tuber HS School, Tuber Kmaishnong
Matharoo was arrested while coming from Bangalore to Shillong Civil after being summoned to appear before the CID. However, the CID could not question Matharoo as he was taken to Shillong Civil Hospital. Hospital after he was arrested, who was ill.
“Justice Katakey will also undoubtedly confirm that these illegal factories have ceased operation until the time of the hearing of the case,” the order said.
The Center will receive visitors from 10 am to 4 pm, where the elderly can come and sit for a while to discuss with each other. They can enjoy themselves in drawing, singing, sports, health care and many others.
One of them is Hipshon Roy Kharshiing who fought in Palestine, Greece and Italy from the Indian Army.
Remember that we live only once, for for many days you will punish the wicked.
According to a statement sent by the General Secretary of the group, Bah Andrew Lyngkhoi, the protest will be held day and night at the Main Secretariat Shillong and Mini Secretariat Tura from 2:00 pm onwards. 10am in the morning.
“We cannot blame anyone but what happened, one ethnic group is against another...yes it is their right to demand...the Government should listen, it should look for them. instead of giving way to trouble.
Furthermore, as it is well known, this road also connects Mawkyrwat as the center of South West Khasi Hills District and Ranikor Civil Sub-Division.
On the other hand, Sirdar Nongjri, spoke about the meaning of honour, in which he said that anyone who works hard has an expectation and this does not mean only money or income generation, but such things. you are honored.
Five political parties including the Ri-Bhoi People Movement (RBPM), the Federation of Ri-Bhoi People (FRBP), the Ri-Bhoi People United Organization (RBPUO), the Ri-Bhoi Students Union (RBSU) and HANM, They said that they will not allow the company to operate within the border of Ri-Bhoi as it will produce many kinds of waste especially the drinking water wells.
Rothel said all the BJP members from Sohra Mandal will not attend the meeting and all members have been informed not to attend.
When asked for clarification, Kong Nongbri said, “I cannot say anything (on this) at present.
After the ceremony, a speech was delivered by Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar President of the KSU, who said that as the leader of the KSU, he is pleased to know that the Lyngkhoi Kur, has been able to I have taken this step to remind the people of this heritage of this, because there are still many fighters who have brought about this state as it is now but the their suffering and their sorrow no one remembers.
In the past 51 years, 24 has ruled over 36 because of the ingkhongshyllangmat in the rympei.
If it was a special called session, I would have understood, but this is a normal session," he said.
Lebanon is also the highest ranked team in the tournament with 99th place while Pakistan is the lowest with 195th; while India is second in the highest ranking at
"“And the people are happy to see that all these schemes I have distributed in the heat and at the same time I distribute for the development of my beloved constituency and also to help those who deserve it. the right to receive assistance and especially to the poor and needy.
We have also requested the Ministry of Civil Aviation to declare Shillong Airport as an International Airport in order to improve and promote connectivity with the countries in the border areas of the North Eastern States. (Northeast) and to promote the Act East Policy,” said the CM.
In the Under-17 (Boys) category, Govt.
Surprisingly, when these delays are mentioned, the MLAs start talking and say that those who are not engineers have no right to mention the delays in government building construction.
The JHADC now needs up to T.6.58 crore per month to pay the salaries of its employees and Members of the District Council.
This incident happened at Lumpalang, Mukroh on 22nd November
Donlad Diengdoh scored hat-tricks in the 22nd, 24th and 57th minutes, while Robert Khongriah scored in the 34th minute, Fairming Suting in the 74th minute and Kevin Rym. minutes and 86 minutes.
At this very moment, turn away from all evil, and turn away from the sin that prevents you from reaching Heaven.
“The nation has only one MP to lead the nation, and it is not appropriate to elect party candidates but to elect a person,” said Pastor Basaiawmoit. of the people".
The deceased were identified as JB Lyngdoh (RS Pynthorumkhrah-Golflink), K Ryntathiang (RS Mawpat), RV Dkhar (RS Lumiablot Nongthymmai), Stephan Lyngdoh (RS Umlyngka), Everest Thangkhi. (RS Lummawbah) and others.
The UDP Sohiong Circle has sent the name of Bah Synsharlang Lyngdoh, who is the brother-in-law of former MLA and former Minister of State, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Narpuh Circle today under the leadership of Rangbah Albinus Lyngdoh, General Secretary, on Tuesday demanded that the Black Tiger Cement Company should immediately implement the minimum wage. wage act, according to the notifications sent by the labor department and also the employment policies for state residents, according to the social agreement between the state government and the company.
Besides, big institutions like NEIGRIHMS, NEHU and others, it is through the Congress government that we get,” he said.
Therefore, what we have told them is that we will cancel the old MoU and we will create a new MoU and we will sign it,” said Mondal.
If other states which are only 10 or 15 years old have improved in all areas, why this state of ours? Now let us look at Jaintia Hills which is the area that produces many benefits for the government in the country. state.
Rangdajied United are in third place with 18 points while Malki are in sixth place with nine points.
Is this decision because they have received accurate information that they will not contest from the party in 2023 or are there other reasons why the party has turned away from these leaders?
In the final, Tariang FC beat Umsalait SC 3-1 goals. The first goal for Tariang FC was scored by Allen Nongbri in the 12th minute. Knerktilang Buam scored two goals in the 73rd and 90th minutes.
Sengbhalang from Garo Hills, on Monday, came to Shillong to protest against the previous border demarcation.
The Commissioner of Transport, Bah IW Ingty also informed about the services provided by the DTO office including the registration of vehicles registered in the district, the issuance of vehicles registered in the district. and renewal of licenses, permits, certificates, collection of revenue, implementation of various laws and regulations and so on.
He said that as members of the party, they should understand better the value of education by encouraging the students not only with awards but also by holding discussions on how to understand the value of education. The challenges faced by the youth whether in education, employment and other areas that the youth face.
The driver reportedly fled the scene following the incident.
Nongpoh, Lber 29: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) has elected and proposed Bah Sadon K.Blah, President of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) to be the leader of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF). The HNYF Sengkmie today gave its full support to its President, Bah Sadon K.Blah to take this role as the leader of the HNLC. They have come to talk peace with the Government of Meghalaya.
“I send my condolences to the family members who lost their loved ones.
The SBM-G strengthens the Government's commitment to improve sanitation and improve the quality of life of the people of the country.
The shooting started at 12:26 pm today in the presence of several residents of Lapangap who were injured.
Malagrota, Rome, Italy.
Shanthi – 8589862109and Dr.Sr.
The CEM said that Khanduli has been appointed as a Waheh Shnong by the District Council and is also a village with a full boundary. at the border you shall continue.
Shillong, March 10: Khasi living abroad have participated in the Women of North East Support Network (WNESN) Cultural Festival organized by the Women of North East Support Network (WNESN) in the United Kingdom. The meeting was held on the 7th of this month in London.
Ram Ryngkhlem won the oldest participant award and Mihsalan Shylla won the youngest participant award.
Many reasons have been raised among the residents for the traffic jam, some blamed the Puja die bhang, some blamed the curfew on Tuesday, some blamed the traffic police and so on. etc.
KSU Jowai Circle President Morningstar Pasi, KSU Thadlaskein Unit Leaders Phrahihoni Thubru and Conard Sana, KSU Organizing Secretary Leningrad Tariang and others were present at the ceremony.
Governments have come and gone many times until now even the MDA Government has not been able to implement their demands.
Customize:Many children have taken the Khasi lineage with the consent of their husband.
Furthermore, the reporter came to Khlieh Iew to investigate whether the price of mluh is true as it is rumored that there are those who sell more, Durga Prasad who sells in a larger shop in Iewduh said that there is no milk left in his shop and he sold it within 1 hour this morning.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, in collaboration with banks, has informed all the residents of East Khasi Hills District, to update their mobile numbers to the Aadhar Centres. those who are in the office of the Deputy Commissioner, or in the offices of the Block, if they have changed, with a new number.
Shillong, Naitung 4 : The Government has decided to increase the salary of Lower Primary and Upper Primary teachers by Rs 6,000 and Higher Secondary and Science teachers at UP and Secondary levels by Rs 6,0 4th Teachers of SSA except for the 5% salary increase per annum which the government has not yet decided, but these Adhoc teachers under the banner of FASTOM are not satisfied because they don't care about others who don't receive salary like SSA teachers. Speaking to many of the elders and leaders, they said that the teachers should have stopped their strikes when the government has increased the The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, has alleged that there is something wrong with the government. myn on Thursday.
Tylli said that the government's ordinance is one that the Hima Mawsynram cannot accept at any time, and he said that until now the Chief Executive Members do not know what the ordinance is and what its provisions are.
This happened on Wednesday morning, when the earth collapsed and collapsed the house.
An appeal from a retired colonel of the Indian Army: Don’t visit Kashmir,don’t go to Amarnath for the next 2 years.
No longer as in the past, people still hold on to righteousness.
Therefore, when we see such an incident, perhaps other districts or sports associations of the state which have such a ground, should take action to prevent the use of such grounds. , or if used, should be in accordance with the guidelines so that the grounds in their places, will not be quick to find that they have turned mud like the MFA Turf 3rd Ground, Polo.
We have seen that the Hmar, Mizo and Nagas have been able to buy land in Raid Marwet,” said Bah Dohtdong.
The Hindu community is in danger.
In the fourth match, Shillong Soccer Scout beat Umphyrnai SC 3-0 7 minutes.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The BDO of Jirang Block, Shillong, has said that the office of the BDO of Jirang Block has failed to complete the construction of the road at Nongrim village, Ri Bhoi. Dsitrict.
“If the Bill contains provisions to protect us, we will be able to discuss more and see how we can proceed with this.
Thus, it differed greatly from the price of all shikatta.
It is the responsibility of the State to protect and develop the farmers and not to leave them to the traders.
Because if we are not holy and righteous we cannot share in that first resurrection, we will have to sleep in the grave for another 1000 years and after that we will rise again, and that resurrection will be dishonorable, to eternal shame and disgrace. .
The Director of Prosecution has been directed to send the case records to the Public Prosecutor of West Garo Hills for the initiation of the trial. in the Special Court of West Garo Hills.
South Africa has so far confirmed 100 cases of B.1.1.529 in a densely populated area of ​​Gauteng.
The parable of the rich man and Lazarus, that the rich man who walked on the wrong road when he died went to hell while Lazarus who walked on the narrow road went to hell. to heaven.2.
We at the party encourage the parents, and all the supporters of the students at any level of education and the party is ready to lend a right hand when in trouble" .
Two Chief Advisors of the group, Bah Kerlang Ksoo and Bah Kynjaimon Amse, accompanied by Assistant Secretary General Streamly Nongjop Suchen and Samla Phanuel Tongper. .
Ardent said that if Jammu & Kashmir has demanded more power, why not the nation.
Hubert, who lives in Nongkseh, has been selected to compete in the World Championships in Turkey, but he has found it difficult to attend due to lack of support from the government.
I am a young man who was born and raised in this constituency and I feel it is my duty to help carry the burden of each and every one of you physically and spiritually. and especially by raising your voice in the Legislative Assembly.
The Government of Meghalaya should ask the Central Government why the Instrument of Accession has not been implemented so that all the Khasi villages which used to fall under the Khasi Himas can join those Himas.
They were taken to hospital for treatment, the report said.
This achievement of the state is due to the hard work for the development of One District One Product (ODOP).
Nine of the deceased were from Goalpara district and one from Bilasipara in Dhubri district.
When asked whether the mining of uranium would fill the electricity shortage, the president of the KSU said the KSU stands firmly against the mining of uranium.
The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy of the Union Government and MNREDA have set a target to provide uninterrupted electricity supply and also to encourage its implementation in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah W.Nongsiej urged the filmmakers to come forward to produce films related to the customs and traditions of the people of Meghalaya.
On the other hand, the union has met with Bah E Kharmalki, IAS, Deputy Commissioner East Jaintia Hills, to clarify the decision taken on the letter issued by the union on 20th March
Other speakers on the occasion included Sniawbhalang Dhar, DP Wahlang, Saleng A Sangma, Deepika Rao, Executive Vice President Indian Hotels Company Ltd. Dr Vijay Kumar D (IAS) Vikas Agarwal MD&CEO, SM The football match between Lutituber Ialong and Moosyiem Shangpung ended in a 1-1 draw in the 1st Division Football Tournament. The tournament was held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Thursday.
This was a great trouble for the old man San, and for the father of the household.
The meeting was attended by MLAs including Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Pynthorumkhrah MLA AL Hek, West Shillong MLA Paul Lyngdoh, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh, Mylliem MLA Ronie V Lyngdoh. Roshan Warjri of North Shillong.
The era is like that, you see, science and technology have passed you by,” said Pastor Jones Skhemlon.
“When I look at the intention of getting a stable government, the BJP has sent a strong message to the State through the Prime Minister and they have to listen to the wishes of the State and what the leaders of we are demanding," Priest said.
He searched and found the answer and solved these problems that would plague mankind.
Police arrested the three last night; They were found by a woman while they were robbing a food shop in Ladthalaboh.
When we turn to the word “Politics” we see that there are many definitions of it and there are also changes or differences in the definition of this word from time to time, according to the understanding of different scholars.
Two goals were scored in the 10th minute, when Maldrin Marak took the lead for Selsella Sports Association in the 4th minute. Marthong responded in the 6.45th minute and Maldrin scored another goal for Selsella just before the end of the first half.
The MDC scheme is small and perhaps it cannot achieve the goal of improving the livelihood of the people, when asked whether the MDC scheme can help him to serve better. “I am with the MLA (and turned to Prestone) I hope we can do these things through cooperation,” said Anthony.
China will build the largest dam on the Nyang River, or Brahmaputra, this year, which is part of the country's 14th five-year budget. India and Bangladesh, because it does not affect the water supply to these countries.
After Liam's refusal to act, the role went to Daniel Craig.
The Chief Guest expressed his gratitude and appreciation to those who are still registering themselves for the right to vote.
The most important thing is the new government from the new political party because we have lost our hope and confidence after our experiences with the political parties in the past.
All construction works and roads should be stopped immediately and all offices or banks within the boundary of the Containment Zone should not be open while this order is in force.
Acts 17:30-3
“Where we are still backward people, according to that reservation”.
He said that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly has launched an orientation program on the language, in which MLAs from Garo Hills will receive basic training on the Khasi language and MLAs from Garo Hills will receive basic training on the Khasi language. Khasi – Garo Language Training in Jaintia Hills.
This law covers rallies, festivals and all public gatherings.
Ms. Deadidakami Mohrmen explained about the working methods of SURE and the purpose of this training.
“This training is on how to be quick in the preparation, organization, and assistance process where there will be no interruption.
Ms Kharsyntiew said that there are many cases of violence against domestic workers such as rape, torture and slavery.
The United Democratic Party (UDA) has elected Titosstar Well Chyne as the new leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP). The Jatiya Bangla Sammelan today protested at the Meghalaya House in Kolkata against the attack on Bengalis in Meghalaya.
im prayer.
According to sources, a man named Bah Hum Khongsit was shot dead by some people in the village while he was walking. to go home in the evening.
At the same time, Assam police have also seized nine coal trucks, which were driven by these fathers and sons.
In Mairang constituency, 90.4% of voters cast their ballots while in Mawthadraishan, 90.1% of voters cast their ballots.
The Minister said that what happened on 27th March is not the fault of MeECL but it will pay T.6 lakh.
The power outage has angered the residents because before the start of the match, from 9 pm, the power outage continues every day and continues until 7 pm.
“When we got there, we saw that it was an NPP program because the flags and writings of the NPP were put up. “It's not just because of the song,” he said, adding that the song mentions only the NPP. He said that even the MLA and Minister in the state government, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also spoke against the same view.
Uttarakhand Chief Minister Vijay Bahuguna said this is the count of the bodies that have been recovered from the water and are still missing.
If you steal a tie, you will not be arrested, but if you steal a small one, you will not be arrested.
At the same time, the implementation of the UCC will also bring about a change in the nature of the Constitution of India.
Father Hilarius Lamare, the chief guest on this day, took the theme “Let us be law-abiding people”. Father Hilarius said that God has given us the will. it is up to us to choose good or evil.
“I am encouraged by the youth who speak with enthusiasm and I tell them to feel the fire and enthusiasm inside them, I am encouraged when I hear from the enthusiastic speakers,” he said.
He said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare has said that the CT Scan machine has not been purchased at the hospital.
The Government has also appointed former Judge of the Allahabad High Court, Justice (Retd) Dr Satish Chandra as a Member of the Expert Committee on Constitutional Law.
As soon as she had finished drinking, Nia was preparing a two-story marketplace and Bhalang was still talking a few words.
We suggest that the public should be able to send their comments to the EC within the stipulated time and for review and verification and this will allow the EC to complete the work within three months,” said KHNAM in the petition.
However, at the same time, the High Court said that the dismissal of the case should not affect the pending trial in another trial court.
However, only Bah Pynshngain has been fighting against the bill and has decided to go to court to fight against it.
The curfew will continue from 5 pm on the 28th to 6 pm on the 31st March
The synrop party should not withdraw its support especially the UDP.
Other projects have been completed except for the Stadium named after PA Sangma which has been opened hastily without being completed.
He said that under this scheme, farmers have been included in producer groups and each member receives 5,000 tyngka to help the farmers to improve their production.
The launch of the Voice of the People Party ahead of the 2022 Assembly elections and the victory of four candidates in the MLA elections in June, Former FKJGP leader Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit has surprised many political parties who did not expect that the party led by former FKJGP leader Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit will win up to four candidates immediately.
Such a festival will be held next month at Myntsngat village and it will be the biggest festival in Jaintia Hills.
The Cabinet meeting today took this decision to look after and promote the issues related to the farmers.
That blessing through multi-disciplinary or multi-disciplinary study of many subjects at the same time within the NEP is only a land of dreams.
On the other hand, Bah Successful Lyngdoh as the chief guest and other speakers on the occasion expressed their gratitude to the KSU for taking this step to hold a football tournament in memory of a friend who worked for the KSU. It is a show of unity of the KSU to remember and love its fellow members who worked together under the same shatri and through this tournament it will be an honor to announce the contribution of this young man to the KSU. the nation is still alive.
Archbishop Menamparampil, Vicar General of the Archdiocese of Shillong, will take over the post of Apostolic Administrator from today.
'Wad Ïa ka Malade' is about the journey of each person in their personal life and encourages us not to lose hope at any time because God has a plan. for each one.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Town Committee (NTC) has condemned the assault on the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on the 27th of this month. 1st of this month in Nongpoh.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaïong, 26: Besides the existing Shakambari Ferro Alloys Limited, another steel factory has started preparing the site for the construction of the site. the kingdom of Nongstoin.
This year's Puja celebration started on Saturday at the pandal at Jail Road organized by the Central Puja Committee (CPC).
The total number of cases in the state has risen to 59,904 with 4,539 still infected and 1,009 deaths.
The Seng cannot remain silent on their disrespect for the special day of the jaitbynriew. The party has closed down and sent out all the employees and warned them not to open and work in Rapborlang Nongrum, Publicity Secretary, KSU CEC, said in a statement. The offices closed are HDFC in Motphran, Apex Bank, Meghalaya Rural. BOI, Axis, Bimola, Airtel, Canara Bank, Shillong Cooperative, Baroda, Punjabi Bank and others around Shillong and Post Office and BSNL at NEHU Shillong. .
Rgh DL Nongbri also directed that those who come from the Pnar Hills should come through the Shillong By Pass, while those who come from the Khasi Hills should come through the Shillong By Pass. Mairang, Nongstoiñ for the construction and maintenance of the Damsite bridge, if possible they would like to come from the area of ​​UCC Lad Umsaw.
Expressing his happiness to take part in this important programme, the Chief Minister said, “From different parts of the country, the women motorcyclists of the CRPF will start their journey. It is a great honor and pride for me to take part in this special program and once again I would like to thank the CRPF for this programme. was made.
Drivers who witnessed the incident said that the vehicle of the Prime Minister had overturned from Shillong to Upper Shillong.
However, in the fourth year of the Leap Year, the month of February will have 29 days.
Through this brave deed of this woman and her friends, about 700 residents of this village have been rescued from the hands of Hamas militants.
“The previous government did not release the salaries of ASHAs for four years and this government has been able to clean up this salary of ASHAs and we have been able to release T.20 crore,” he said. .
Shillong, November 15: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai Nongkwar will hold a cleanliness drive on the 17th of this month from 8 am until the end of the month. order to take part until the end.
“We don't believe that this attack was carried out by those people who are in this country,” said Senaratne.
Shillong, Iaiong 5: A video of a traffic policeman has been circulated on social media in which it has been seen that a traffic policeman has been shot and killed. From right to left, he went to a public place in front of the sign board of the Top Cem.
Huff said he has been in the industry for 40 years and said those who wish to send their comments to Sushant can do so.
Sixthly, each kur shall hold and continue the tang jait for the children of male relatives who marry outside the jait.
A 7.65 mm pistol and magazine, three RDS rounds of ammunition, two rifles, a camera, a GNLA book and a mobile phone and a bike were recovered from them.
U Singh, who is ready to ride in the MDA vehicle immediately, doesn't lose anything, he gets one of the two seats as he got in
Speaking at an election campaign rally at Laitkor Square, Bah Lamare said that all the seven candidates who are contesting against him don't talk about each other anymore, but they just criticize Dasakhiat. and he said unto him, Who art thou?
The company is owned by Dr Sharadee Shreemoyee and is in collaboration with Shillong entrepreneur Ragini Shadap.
“So far, T.15.85 crore has been paid to the contractor,” he said.
He added that politics should not be used on this issue, and recently, Sohiong MDC Sherborlang Mawlong admitted that the MLA has not done anything on this road.
The program will be held at the Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium at 12 noon.
He said that the contract teachers will also meet with the Prime Minister and the Prime Minister's Secretary before taking any decision to strike in the future.
These damaged buildings are the sanitation facilities which have been implemented under the scheme 100 since 2018-1
On the other hand, a group of MDCs led by Bah Teinwel, have informed the Prime Minister to treat the people living on the border special by allowing them to register their land without having to pay any fees. the ownership of the land by the state.
Since Bah Tynsong took over the Home (Police), there is no high level,” said Bah Pala.
There are also those who have set up supermarkets to sell the products of large international companies and young entrepreneurs, but these have not yet been able to establish or increase employment.
“Because of the poor condition of the road, it now takes several hours to reach Sohra and from Sohra to Shella, and it also depends on the type of vehicle used,” they said.
East Khasi Hills District alone has reported seven deaths and one from East Garo Hills.
Here we understand that money is one of the factors that encourage people to get involved in drug trafficking and to lure people into drug trafficking.
After several inspections on March 7, 2022, we received a letter of approval from the Central Government for the project and in 2023 the department will receive the first approval,” said Bah Shullai.
After about 15 minutes, during the traffic jam, the lamphang, had to walk across the road holding his hands from the nar of the road, while his feet were stuck in the hands.
However, officials of the Korean Sports & Olympic Committee (KS&OC) said they have not yet received any written notice on the proposal whether from Seoul or the eastern part of the country. Busan in connection with the preparations for the 2036 Olympic Games.
“Many of them claim to be the leaders of the Khun Hynniewtrep, but the sad thing is that many of them do not have the spirit of courage like Kiang Nangbah,” said the CEM. there is no Elder.
KSU President Alexius Narleng, North Border Area, Prince Sylliang and other KSU office bearers led the donation to the house. Donate tin sopiing, Khaw and other household items.
However, there has been a lack of hope for the state especially in Shillong where the number of drug traffickers and drug users has shown to be excessive.
In East Khasi Hills District, 70 cases including 3 cases from Armed Forces and 67 cases from civilians, 1 case in Ri Bhoi District, 2 cases in West Garo Hills, 14 cases in East Jaintia Hills. There is only one in South West Garo Hills and only one in South West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, Nailar, 22: The Minister of State for Law, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the names of the members appointed to the Expert Committee to review the Job Reservation Policy will be announced soon. it shall be sent to the Cabinet for approval.
The MDC, who is also the Executive Member of the Market Department in KHAD, said that the Council has visited the market department. They inspected Judah and witnessed the excessive uncleanness.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has sent a COVID-19 appeal to all the Waheh Shnongs of the villages in East Jaintia Hills District. he urged them to stop immediately.
The KSU SWK has already staged a night curfew to protest against the government's withdrawal of T.27 crore for the repair of this road.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HSPDP) will hold a memorial service for the Hill State fighters who were imprisoned in the struggle for the Rilum State.
For example, if the rent collected by the Kur is 2000/- tyngka per acre per annum, the Durbar Shnong which allocates land to the households shall collect more than 2000/- tyngka per acre per annum. a year that he may pay the higher ones and earn a profit.
The 35 candidates who went to register their nomination papers for the election on 8th June have received confirmation that they have been fully qualified as such candidates. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has already examined the documents of these candidates who intend to contest the 2023 Election in Ri Bhoi District.
Other speakers included Bah Emlangki Lamare MDC, Ohibait Dkhar, President KSU JHDU, SS Niangkhlem, President KSU Khliehriat Circle, S. Besides the awarding ceremony, the KSU Narpuh Circle also awarded the first leaders of the KSU Narpuh Circle which was established in 2010 including R. Molin Bamon President, R. Molin Bamon President, TL Gympad Vice President, George Paswet Organizing Secretary, Shaphrang Pynkhlong Finance Secretary, Risajop S Dhar Education Secretary, Jorly S Dhar Assistant General Secretary (KSU Narpuh Circle).
The order was issued by a Division Bench headed by Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W. Diengdoh while hearing the PIL filed by Kong Agnes Kharshiing.
Before the match, a meeting was held by Bah Wallambok Lyngdoh.
“I want to know the status of the power projects that have been awarded to private individuals or companies," he said.
He said that the allegation by the man that the BSF troops had threatened to shoot him and throw him away is groundless and misleading against the BSF troops. protect the people living near the border areas.
Now, when the secret intentions have been revealed, three main issues must be addressed:-a) Congestion, crowding, b) Viral diseases, such as Corona, and c) The preservation of the environment, we must fight, even if it is through the law.
I want to see Barcelona continue to improve even after I leave.
“Why didn't you bring it back?” Why didn't you sell it to the village?” said the husband of Kni.
Sarma, the Chief Minister of Assam, said that the border dispute has been going on for a long time and therefore, the aim is to resolve it as soon as possible.
It is important to note here that to resolve the border issues, it does not depend on who or which political party forms the Government in the States and India. but the issue of borders is part of the Constitution and the responsibility of the Parliament of India.
Superintendent of Police (SSP) Bikram D Marak said that in connection with the illegal coal burning factories in Shallang under the case vide Shallang PS Case No. four suspects were arrested in connection with the case.
His thinking is different and superior to that of the Government Officers of various departments because he does not have an Annual Plan, a Seasonal Plan or a Seasonal Plan. Estimate Harvesting Amount and Other Income and Expenditure Purpose (ESS) which government officials do not have and that is why many fail in their implementation. and although they exist, most of them are only those that are called paper works which are plans only on paper and not in implementation.
The MBOSE examination has been held from time to time.
They were brought before the court today and the investigation is ongoing,” said the SP. On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong , he told the Legislative Assembly on the second day of the Budget Session that the police are working hard on this and he assured the Members of the Legislative Assembly to take the necessary action after the investigation.
Jiedstarland Lyngkhoi, president of the union, said that the ambulance on the ground floor of the hospital has been out of order for more than 10 years.
Of these, five were women in colleges and schools.
This bus stop used to transport passengers to different places in West Garo Hills and many of these children used the buses from this place to return home to Damalgre and Garobadha. , which is halfway from Tura.
She said that there are many types of violence against women not only by foreign robbers, but also by their own husbands.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) will unveil a new statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Civil Hospital, Shillong at 12 noon on 30th November 2019 which is also the 157th death anniversary of Woh Kiang Nangbah. you're yours.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Mynriang Presbyterian LP&UP School, Mawryngkneng Block, has concluded the School Week 2023 which started from 23rd to 30th March 2023, at Babu WR Kharkongor, President of MSSASA, MSSASA East Khasi Hill District, inaugurated the School Week on the opening day of the School Week. Many sports were held during the month, including long jump, three leg race sponse, tug of war race, relay race football, sag race singing quiz exterm pore speech, arms wresting corrom board and others.
The most famous tourist attractions in Sikkim such as Lachen, Lachung, Gurudongmar Lake and Yumthang are at an altitude of more than 10,000 feet.
Jowai: Police through a Special Team of West Jaintia Hills District on Tuesday night arrested a NSCN (K) leader from a hotel in Khliehtyrshi village, West Jaintia Hills district.
Not only for sports, but the stadium has also been used for other programs such as the celebration of Republic Day and Independence Day.
The arrest of these robbers came hours after the Taxi Drivers Association of Khyndailad, gave 24 hours to the Police Department to arrest these robbers and thus stop the driving.
Locals say more than 100 people have been killed in the past two months and 300 people have gone missing from their homes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP leaders said that the meeting will discuss the elections and Bah Pynshngain N Syiem will attend the meeting.
We are not responsible for the Secretariat.
Speaking on the intention of Bah Carness Sohshang to join the NPP, Kitborlang said that there has been a discussion between him and the party to join the NPP. completely.
The union also urged to set up another branch in Wahkaji or Umdohlun Area as this area includes more than 40 villages and till now no bank has been set up. tnad in this area.
The union will meet with the Syiem of Jirang and lodge a complaint with the NGT to ban the quarrying and all the quarrying factories for the sake of environmental protection. which is synlen.
On the other hand, the Congress has questioned what the UDP has to say on this issue especially when the Ministry of Home Affairs is held by one of its MLAs.
“The victory of Bah Synshar in the Sohiong Constituency election is to strengthen the party.
The National Stock Exchange (NSE), headquartered in Mumbai, held a discussion on the Financial Market at the Vivanta Hotel in Shillong.
Shillong, Nailar 27: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that he does not agree with the government's intention to hand over power projects to foreign companies especially when they have not been able to complete the past. my soul.
Thou knewest not the time of my visitation" Luke 19:4
This image of him has strengthened and strengthened the relationship between Rida and Panah.
The Trinamool Congress (TMC) is likely to win 8-14 seats.
The JYF Bataw Unit has alleged that MeECL has been stingy to replace the post light which has caused the collapse of the post light in Bataw village.
The Office for National Statistics reported 5,979 deaths in England on 3 June, while on the same day, the Ministry of Health reported only 3,939 deaths, a difference of 2,0
Other Ministers and MLAs who received salute at the district headquarters included Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh – Tura, Rakham A Sangma – Willianagar, Marcuise N Marak – Baghmara, Timothy D Shira. - Ampati, Kyrmen Shylla - Head.
Shillong: The Achik Conscious Holistically Integrated Crime (ACHIK) in Garo Hills has submitted a complaint to the state government regarding the implementation of the Roster System and the implementation of the Roster System. the share of employment in the state.
Regarding the cinema halls, he invited all private individuals and groups who wish to support these cinemas to come forward as the government is ready to provide assistance to them. through various schemes.
For the fiscal year 2022-23, total UPI payments are nearly 50% of India's nominal GDP.
education; Results will not be posted at the MBOSE offices in Tura and Shillong and also at the examination centers due to the Covid-19 pandemic. -19.
Having received the reward of being a king, the income of the tax collector belongs to us.
God the Father, the Son, Jesus, and God the Holy Spirit.
Jhur is an essential source of many nutrients, including potassium, dietary fibre, folate (folic acid), vitamin A and vitamin C. APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi, New Delhi, New Delhi, 9-APJ Abdul Kalam Road, New Delhi, where Samla (Kong) Marbiang Khongwir, assumed the post of President and will appoint It is also the first time that a young woman has taken the lead in the party especially in Delhi.
Police in these days, have raided a small village in Garo Hills, where they have gone to encourage Garo youths who have learned, to join the police service by conducting training. about this.
Spot registration in Nongtalang will be held on 8th April 2022 Spot registration in Nongbareh will be held on 25th May 2022 Spot registration in Darrang will be held on 6th July.
Through the NEP 2020, NEHU will implement the Four-Year Undergraduate Program (FYUP) and will also accept new admissions by receiving the Certificate of Diploma and Degree at the end of the year. First, Second bad Third year.
Also present on the occasion were the Working President of FKJGP, Bah DK Lyngdoh Nonglait and other members of the FKJGP.
The Minister in charge of Urban Affairs said that the Meghalaya government will continue to improve the road from the Governor's House to Polo and also the parking lot, park and museum. in Barik to make Shillong more beautiful.
Through the strong foundation laid by the NEP, IIM Shillong continues to contribute to the development of education and the holistic development of its students, empowering them to bring about change in society and other things.
Speaking on the occasion, Ardent said the VPP will rule in the district councils and also in the state soon.
Before concluding, it would be worth mentioning the statement of the Minister of IT Law & Justice of the Union Government, according to the source, in which he called the SSAB a 'game changer' The Chief Minister of Meghalaya has called the Cabinet's decision on the SSAB a historic decision.
I praise Martin Luther who has been a pioneer for us to understand better that under his leadership more and more church groups have emerged over time.
Boys HSS won the silver medal with Kermiki Shadap HK.
“When I speak in Parliament, I don't see it in the media but when Modi speaks, it appears on television in the media while my speeches don't appear because the media has been banned. In this country, there are two or three rich people who are related to Modi,” he said.
The residents were surprised at the blackout by MeECL without any prior notice, but only to the newspapers which the department loves.
Government borrowing from Government of India and other departments and Government borrowing from departments other than Government of India alone has reached T.13,55,864 crore for the year 2023-2 , and this shows that the state's financial situation is not stable.
Under this programme, more than 65,000 youths aged 14 to 22 years from more than 200 schools and colleges from all 12 districts have participated in this program to improve their skills. .
“We are playing with fire now and it will burn everyone, including the VPP. It will destroy the future of our youth,” said Rakkam on Bah Ardent's protest.
Phone number
On the same day, the (L) EK Mawlong Academic Excellence Award was also distributed to 500 students. students, to do better in their studies.
According to the members of the union who went to the scene, before they arrived, these foreigners were quickly taken away by a vehicle where they did not know where they were left.
At the same time, 168 people went missing in 2021 including 73 men and 95 women.
“During the elections, the MDC/MLA candidates have come to tied up the house but if the people need it, they have refused to do so,” said Ardent.
According to police sources, a group of nine youths from Madanrting went to Syntung to eat khana on Sunday.
Sanvert Kurkalang took three wickets in seven overs and Kitboklang Lyngdoh took two wickets in six overs.
The HYC leader said that the statement of Conrad and the Government that the owners of the State will not be allowed to enter the vacant areas is also a mistake because in Rule 18( b)(x) it shall be written that it shall be the duty of the Managers of Vacant Places to post notices in those places that only foreigners shall be allowed to vacate.
Similarly, in 2021, those who are in class IX have not received any training but many have been promoted only with special consideration or passed with warning.
He added that they should work hard and be determined to reach their goal in their struggle in these various examinations.
He said that the school has not thought about what happened to these two persons because it is impossible to know the problems they face behind the scenes.
If they are recognized through the CAA, they will be able to enter our state through Article 19 of the Constitution.
Every year on July 1, World Milk Day has been celebrated since 2001 by the Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) of the United Nations to commemorate the importance of milk in food and drink for all. the whole world.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah E Kharmalki on Thursday issued an order to open food shops and other shops on the 31st of this month.
According to Prestone, the price of a single phase smart meter is about Rs 3,750 and the price of a three phase is Rs 5,1
I think in other states there is no such thing as a Minister who is also a contractor.
Iowmainki Lamare scored 31', Leonard Passah 38', Two Pillar Tang 52' and Dame Chan I Sayoo 54'
However, Mayralborn said he could not know exactly about the Bill as the BJP-led Central Government has not distributed the Bill to the people or Parliament.
“These recommendations and preparatory measures will assist the Government in introducing policies and help achieve the goal of making India a developed country by 2047,” he said.
Besides, Bah Metbah said that there are many MLAs from other parties who will join the party before the elections.
He also announced the CM Research Scholarship Program led by the Minister of Arts & Culture Bah Paul Lyngdoh in which the state government will support about 50 researchers up to 3 lakh tyngka per research/ Scholars to research the culture and history of the indigenous peoples of the state.
One of them is the President of JPYM-Jaintia People Youth Movement Tenstar Shylla from Mihmyntdu village. member according to his claim.
Babu Linus Shadap was an MDC from Mawlai from 1979 to 1989 and has also retired from teaching.
This was achieved after they reached the final of the tournament by winning the semi-final match which was held on Saturday at the SSA Stadium at the First Ground, Polo.
However, this feeling also applies even to a candidate who belongs to that religion, others do not want to vote for him because of religious feelings.
These units under the jurisdiction of Umsning Circle and the units of the KSU which were confirmed by the President of the KSU, include the Shilliang Umdoh Unit, the Mawrathud Unit and the Laiphewdiengngan Unit. The new members were inaugurated by the KSU Chief Executive Officer Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar in the presence of Samla Biangbor Paliar, Vice President, Eric Nongkynrih, President Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar. Lambok Rymbai General Secretary NKHD unit and other office bearers of the KSU. While welcoming these members, the President of the KSU, advised and encouraged the members of these units by saying that as youths, We must take responsibility to protect, fight against and prevent such invasions by foreign forces so that the unique snap of the Khasi people will survive on this earth.
In politics, those who are not religious also want to become rich.
Guyana authorities said at least 20 people were killed on Sunday after a fire broke out inside a dormitory school in Guyana.
The United Khasi & Jaintia Hills has written to the Assam government to take a decision on the border issue, but the Assam government has not issued an order to complete the issue. task.
However, it should not be said that as long as this prestigious university is located in Meghalaya, it will rely on a special allotment for admission.
He said that in the past, people with mental disabilities were discriminated against in society and sometimes they had difficulty in how to interact with society. along but now it is no longer so because they have adequate facilities to provide treatment to those people who are mentally ill.
On this occasion, trees were also planted in the grounds of the shlem workshop from the office of the Range Forest Officer, Sanmer.
Shillong, July 13 : The Coordinating Committee of MeECL Employees Associations (CCORMAU) has demanded that the state government should lift the ban on recruitment at MeECL. , said in a meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong, that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has promised that the state government is in the process of lifting the ban. recruitment.
The four members of the family were rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital and Bethany Hospital for treatment.
We don't see in the market that people buy anything for suda and we don't hear the merchant say, 'Take this Shimon's bread and give me the suda'
In the next morning, he took three more wickets before 10 pm.
Speakers at the meeting included Marking G Lyngdoh (VP LYWA), Marcony Thongni (Organization Secretary KSU SWKH), Shemphang Nonglang (President KSU Umdohlun Circle), Andrias Lyngdoh (GS LYWA), Lambok Marngar (Finance). Secretary KSU CEC, Auguster Jyrwa (GS KSU CEC), Samuel Jyrwa (Chairman NESO) and Samla F.Nongrem (GS KSU SWKH).
On the other hand, Purnesh Modi, MLA from Gujarat, on 16th June 2019, filed a petition in the court against Rahul's remarks. it's the Modi type, he said.
They have the religion of the king and the khan pylleng, they sit in the fields when they shat the khan, they knie the khriam.
Besides the monthly salary, he will also receive a bonus of Rs.11.71 lakh after the end of the four-year commission.
Thus the law is our tutor to lead us to Christ so that we may be justified by faith (in Jesus).
Interestingly, India under the leadership of Prime Minister, Narendra Modi has launched the Swatch Brarat Mission on 2nd April 2014, a mission to make India a clean country. they morning.
Earlier, an ambulance of the Seng Samla Malki was stoned at 3 mer Petrol Pump while it was carrying patients to hospital.
He said that they have received assistance from various departments including the Soil and Water Conservation Department, Tourism Department, PWD Department, MGNREGA, DBMU, NERCOMP, DRDA and also from the Rurban Mission.
Looking back at those encouragements to stand on their own feet by borrowing money from banks, it is just a dream come true.
This is also because Amit Shah himself has said that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state in India and how can they support the NPP now?, asked Bah Pala. .
Ma Apmon Pachiang, Waheh Shnong Moolamylliang said that Moolamylliang Village has been made one of the cleanest villages since 2014 and it was in this year that the planting of trees started and continues until now. .
in, to the office of the Sub-Divisional Officer (C), Ranikor on or before
The party has also appointed UDP General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh to discuss and send a letter to KHNAM on this issue.
The bodies of the three were found on Friday.
Besides, the DC also informed the public regarding the Entry Point, where she said that all the residents who come from the northern areas (Byrnihat), should register themselves under the Meghalaya Covid Act and For those who are not registered, they should take a slip from the Exit Point with the names of all the passengers in the same vehicle and show it at the Entry Point on their return.
The source said that the Meghalaya State Olympic Association will include other members in the committee.
“There are 10.5 lakh men and 10.81 lakh women who have turned out to vote. This time we have seen the number of women who have come forward to cast their votes. While 89,564 youths have received new votes, the department has also honored them after they have cast their votes.
Bah Dkhar said that during the visit, the party found that Hynniewtrep has proper documents and license.
“We are pleased that today we have been able to arrange for this work and before we start the work we will lay the foundation stone on the 9th of October,” said Bah Paul. When this work is completed, it will be able to attract tourists.
The club, which leads the state, has been promoted back to the I-League for the 2023/24 season after coming runners up in the Second Division I- League, and this is the first time in four years that they have been relegated from the I-League.
He said that their presence has been a blessing to the families where they have received a lot of information especially in the field of childbirth and care of mothers and children.
“We have seen teachings related to Christianity in schools, colleges, inside the country, such as the dress of priests and sisters, the placement of images of Jesus and Mary in schools, crosses and the presence of churches in schools is not an attempt to worship.
Shillong: The Association for Democratic Reforms (ADR) and the New Election Watch (NEW) on Tuesday said that the list of the richest Chief Ministers of the states in India, Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu with a net worth of Rs 163.38 crore, Pema has also been among the Chief Ministers (MRs) of the North Eastern states.
Mynsh’wa days, they are still together.
Ri Bhoi Police this evening took the suspect for a medical examination at the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and the investigation is ongoing.
The announcement of the SSLC Examination in 2021 has also been delayed.
Children have also been exempted from Aadhaar registration.
Criticizing the Home Minister, Sinha said the minister has failed in the administration of the Meghalaya Police.
The AGM (HR & Admin), PM Swain conducted the workshop.
If the state fails to implement court and tribunal orders; The court itself has to look into this matter to implement such orders, in which it will be a shame to see that the smuggling of coal and the establishment of coke factories without permission. severely.
Shillong: There have been 156 new cases of covid-19 in Meghalaya today, of which 30 are high risk or close contacts.
The SLFC also won the tournament after beating Ñiaw Wasa FC by three goals in the pre quarter final match played at New Stadium. Nonstop.
The MSOA said that tomorrow (23rd November) it will be held in Jowai and on the 25th in Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District.
“This is something that we have to investigate thoroughly and once we find out we will lodge a complaint with the police,” he said.
There is a saying, “When the stomach is hungry, people need food and when the soul is hungry, it needs prayer.
Bah Balajied in his speech, said that in his work as a public leader, although there are rules and regulations of the government, but for him he finds that the teachings of the Bible are true. greater than the laws of the government.
It is this book that encourages me to be like the tree of the mind of Soso Tham.
For people who have tested positive for this disease to get treatment.
The program was conducted by Dr. Rebecca Laloo, Dental Surgeon, NOHP, Ummulong CHC in the presence of Dr. Rica Bareh, CDPO, Thadlaskein Block; M Issue Sr. Teachers and students of various schools of Ummulong.
Nangkiew Irat, although they had several chances to score, couldn't beat Rangdajied goalkeeper Banshanlang Sten.
We request the District Administration not to allow such exploitation and that the goods should be sold at the right price.
This year, Rybakina has won 28 tour-level matches, finishing second alongside world champion Iga Swiatek.
Referring to the state's struggle to preserve the environment, the Minister said that in 2019 they have implemented the 'One citizen one tree'
Jowai, Jymmang 29: A man named Jeskin Sari of Bambthong village has been arrested for allegedly raping a woman in a forest area between Moorap and Kdiap villages in West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the government has tightened its patrolling in the area 24 hours a day and has also closed the road passing through Them Metor and this patrolling will continue for the sake of the area. sit quietly.
“The EC has decided today that we will soon release the arrear of the employees which has reached nearly Rs 5 crore,” he added.
The ceremony was concluded by Bah Gameliel LC Mylliem, MCS Assistant Electoral Registration Officer (AERO), who handed over a Momento containing a commemorative inscription on the fulfillment of Parad Kelvinistick's duties as Electoral Registration Officer. voters of India so far.
She said that he has not pushed anything for the Khasi and Jaintia Hills and has focused only on the Garo Hills.
As leaders in the country and the nation, in the community, in the society, especially in the religious leaders, pastors, preachers or priests, the highest calling is to be holy, by receiving and believing in Him who can cleanse us with the blood which He shed on the cross of Calvary, and this is the way for us human beings, who have been condemned by sin, that we can long clean.
ATK Mohun Bagan, after joining the Indian Super League, won the title this year by beating Bengaluru Football Club 4-3 tie-breaker, which was held in October this year.
At first, he said, David spoke more slowly, but after the conversation with Charles, the conversation went smoothly.
It is true that it is a party that does not exist in the whole country but it has passed laws to protect the high paid.
The temple of Arjait, the Temple that was not built by hand, the Temple that was not built by the hand of Briew.
TMC MLA Charles Pyngrope on 22nd June, urged the government to take immediate action to stop the harassment and persecution of Christians.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Shella Unit has strongly prohibited the punishment of any illegal traders by bringing their products to Hat Shella in East Khasi Hills district.
If the environment dies from extreme temperatures, humans and animals will die first.
They also say, 'Who can trust someone who turns his head?
When inquiring about this, one of the men who brought the Khasi woman to his village, said that he himself When asked whether there are any Khasi women who have brought Dkhars, he said that there are Khasi women who have brought Dkhars. Dkhar, but these foreigners are welcomed by the government and do not charge any fine.
Regarding the overloading of coal trucks, the union demands that the government should completely ban those trucks carrying coal.
There are only a few in the eastern parts of the country who still practice the Mawiong tribe.
The cause of the deaths of these people has not been confirmed, but it is suspected that they may have been caused by bih tit.
Andrew Shullai in his speech said that this is the beginning of the society to find ways and means to preserve the drama.
He said that about 17 electricity projects have been funded by the World Bank in the coming budget.
Shillong, Nailur 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr Mukul Sangma, on Tuesday said that the claim that the Central Government will erect a signboard from the border is wrong and there is no such order from the Central Government. regarding the erection of Shiah signs on the India-Bangladesh border.
It must have come somehow from there, and later it came to America where it was grown and eaten well, and now it has spread all over the world; and perhaps his present visit to India is a return home after he has used himself all over the world.
According to the Bible, Hosea married Gomer and had three children.
When asked about the cause of the incident, Krishan said the claim was an incident but the exact cause is not known as an inquiry has been launched by the department into the incident headed by AIG. MK Sangma and the investigation will be handed over on Thursday.
All these items are provided by the Society and Self-Help Group.
The deceased was from East Garo Hills District.
Fragrancy Riwan scored the first goal of the match to give Rahjingshai SC a 2-1 lead at the end of the first half.
At the same time, it is impossible not to consider the allocation of hundreds of acres of land to foreigners and wealthy groups in our area.
The Court said that according to the information received, through the confirmation of the Home Secretary of the State, there was an irregularity in the appeal.
Two foreigners were allegedly shot dead by unidentified robbers in Ichamati on Tuesday.
If you plant those that have grown, you should remove the field about six months before you plant them; but if thou sow seed that is young, thou shalt not cut it down.
“After receiving information about this scheme, he went to meet the Commissioner of GST, Meghalaya to explain the needs of the village and without taking time from the GST office he received the Work Order. T.2 lakh for the construction of the toilet.
The rainfall carries these garbage to lower areas such as rivers and fields.
In the women's tournament in Surat, the state team had to withdraw from the Women's U-19 One Day Trophy after losing to Maharashtra. 445/5 in 50 overs in the first innings.
The inspection started from Lyngkhat, where they visited Pillar 1267 and Sub Pillar 1267-1-S. Many of the bri kwai no longer fall under Lyngkhat and these will fall outside the shiah sign.
We have also arranged to write this book under the auspices of the Tribal Intellectual Collective of India (www.ticijournals.org). Professor Virginius Xaxa, and this group and this first article has been published in the journals of universities around the world.
Furthermore, these strong leaders of the HSPDP said that they will continue to reach out to the people in the state, because the highest authority is the power of the people and not as happened. In a state where those elected leaders are forcing the people as happened with the removal of Rangbah Shnong, which is the reason why those leaders know how to pass laws to recognize by the Constitution of the country on the duties and responsibilities of the elders empowered by the people since ancient times, they added.
The new cases are from Merrut, Rampur and Saharanpur districts.
The North Eastern Council has joined hands with the ICCR for this festival in Nepal.
This act of Thomas Jones has brought blessings to the history of the jaidbynriew in many ways, he also opened primary schools in Mawsmai, Mawmluh and Sohra.
Before the end of the second half, Meghalaya scored another goal for the third time when Daohipaia Rymbai scored the third goal for Meghalaya. Meghalaya scored the first goal of the match in the 90+4 minute of extra time.
Nongpoh: A woman from Mawsyntai village has died in a road accident on the NH-6 at Pahamrioh village last night. a truck, which cannot be identified as a truck.
For the past four or five years, the SRT has said that many of them have not received the Scheduled Tribe certificate because they have taken the jait from their father and that the Deputy Commissioner's schedule has imposed conditions. documents of applicants for Scheduled Tribe certificate once it is understood that the applicants are descended from the father.
The painting was prepared and developed by the Positive Energy Art Foundation, Shillong and the Faculty of Fine and Applied Arts, Bangkokthonburi University, Thailand.
Furthermore, although the meeting has not yet taken any final decision, it is understood that from now on they are ready to fight against the influx of foreigners to trade in the area. especially in the coal mining industry.
Chennai: The Chief President of the BJP, JP Nadda, on Tuesday said that the ethnic parties can no longer provide services to the needs of the ethnic groups, but have turned to politics. the inheritance of the same family.
It may be recalled that within 10 days, there have been two incidents of death in police custody, one in Garo Hills and two in Jaintia Hills.
Besides the public, even the journalists, spoke to the writer, to get more details, on the incident, how the man, who was counted dead and who had already laid a stone. , that he was going back to his village, to meet his mother, after 20 years.
According to the report, this young girl has rescued a child named Didimos Shylla from Phlangkynshi village when he almost drowned at the time. He was swimming in a river in Photumnew on October 26, 2022 at about 12 noon.
Speaking to reporters, Banteidor said the PDF will not withdraw its support from the MDA government as promised by Pynshngain.
He said that due to the heavy rainfall and it is also a flooded area, the village has already sent a letter to the EE, PWD of the National Highway.
All persons entering the state should download the Corontine App of the Government through url: or from the Google Play Store. They should also download the App of the Central Government Aarogya Setu App.
:The Khasi song “Ri La Akor”, which was released on October 21, 2023, is a song sung by Khasi singers, including Banseng Sohiong and Ebeneezer Lapang.
Prasad, a resident of Patna, was reportedly thrown a flag by supporters of Rajya Sabha MP RK Sinha, who wanted to win the ticket. Shatrughan Sinha has lost his ticket.
Ma Supporter Pohkyrnu, Chairman and General Secretary of Satpator Elaka, welcomed the Hon'ble MLA, Ma Lahkmen. Rymbui and former MDC Shri Lamdibok Sumer, Dolloi Satpator Elaka in the presence of Kolmen Pohshna Adviser Satpator Elaka and other dignitaries who took the time to participate in the event. Please attend the opening ceremony of the Nohkawang Water Fall.
John Bosco Momin was also appointed as the President of North Garo Hills District and Rev. Friswell Pnar was appointed as the President of Ri Bhoi District.
According to a letter sent to the BDO's office, these families through the Rangbah Shnong said that they had faced an incident in which a storm came and destroyed their house in July, and they have requested the government to provide assistance for their problems but unfortunately to this day, the application process seems to be a waste.
Shillong, March 01: Two Meghalaya policemen including a Khasi were killed in a sudden attack by the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) on Friday evening.
Those who were present included the Finance Secretary of KSU Wapung Unit, Bah Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Waheh Shnong of Wapung Shnong, Bah K.Ryngkhlem and members of the KSU Wapung Unit. KSU Wapung Unit Publicity Secretary S.Rymbai said in a statement.
Nongstoin: As part of the celebration of the 150th Birth Anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi, the Nongstoin Nature Club (NNC) in collaboration with the Nongstoin Officers' Club, today held a conduct a program known as “E-Sngobha” or donate to those households who are low income.
The lowest turnout was recorded in East Garo Hills, West Garo Hills, South Garo Hills and East Jaintia Hills.
However, what we hope is that he is the son of Dr. Don who has been an MLA for 7 times. he got it.
The Sengbah U Nongshat Nongkhein Hynniewskum, today, 3rd June 2021, held its 10th Annual Thanksgiving Ceremony, which was held at the headquarters of the Sengbah, Baniuñ, Hima Mylliem.
Tomorrow morning, the festival will be held at Sniriang at Tuberkmai.
Regarding the death of cows every year, he said that the Association does not come to complain to the Directorate, because it does not benefit them, because the department does not have anything to help them except the vaccine they sometimes get sometimes they don’t.
In our age, many of these items are used and thrown away and cannot be reused or recycled.
The Minister said that in fact, Meghalaya has increased every year in education, as in 2017-18, there were only 584 government schools, but in 2018-19, there were only 584 government schools. There are 610 government schools in 2019-20 and in 2019-20 they have increased to 649 schools in these three years.
“The reason why foreigners are involved in their trade in the border areas with Bangladesh is because they have easy access to Challans to smuggle land goods and their easy access to NOCs. from the Khasi who are the natives of this area,” he added.
The Working President of FKJGP, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, said that according to the information received by the FKJGP, the State Government has prepared an allocation of T.145 crore for the construction of the new Legislative Assembly. However, the company from Uttar Pradesh has agreed to complete the project within T.127 crore which is less than T.18 crore.
Kambesa A Sangma top scored with 16 runs.
The Regional Committee headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh as Minister of State will complete by March to submit a report to the Government on the boundary issue regarding the land in West Khasi Hills district especially the land in Langpih area. border dispute with Assam.
We will also consider other options,” said Bah Metbah, adding that he will set a date for the Board meeting tomorrow.
At the same time, he appealed for the cooperation of the people as the protesters are from the government which has ignored the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit.
The two deceased were from Jarain.
Shillong, Jymmang 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongkal Sangma on Tuesday said that the leaders of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) in Delhi have not sent any letter expressing the need to discuss with the BJP. and to investigate the CBI into allegations of corruption in the State.
Dr Mukul Sangma said that the MDA Government's attempt to shift responsibility from each other and try to free itself from that responsibility is condemnable and such actions will not be tolerated. and they should take responsibility in all respects for all the incidents that have just happened.
The three teams selected are SOUL, TeamIND and Indian Tigers.
From being at the bottom to 19th in the ranking of the country's fastest growing states in five years.
The most dangerous thing is for the young girls because they are the victims by which the drivers have the opportunity to do whatever they want.
If we have lost our ownership of the land, we are just residents of our own land, it is exactly like we are living in someone else's house under their supervision and control. they can also expel us at any time as they please.
She also thanked the United Nations for the recognition and revival of agriculture.
Therefore, I would like to send a strong warning to foreigners that they should not expect to conduct their business within the Council without a Trading Licence.
Prestone said that many of the violent acts of Dr. Mukul Sangma would be too long to talk about and he said that many times he has appealed to the Congress authorities to change the leader before it collapses but when they don't respond. means they don’t listen.
However, as it is these days, it has been seen that the Garo are very intelligent people and actions speak louder than words.
That's what you've seen, haven't you?
Commuters traveling from Shillong to Guwahati and vice versa are advised to take the Umroi Bypass and follow the Umroi Airport-Umrynjah-VIP Road.
He said that the Housing Selection and Monitoring Committee of the Block has been appointed to select the beneficiaries.
Speaking to media, MTTA General Secretary Diganta Nath said that passengers who wish to travel by tourist taxi far away, have to show their ID cards before travelling. take away that car.
These things are not only the end of Israel but also the end of the world of today when the New Millennium or the 1000 year reign of Jesus Christ will begin. in the world.
There are four candidates for Mawshynrut, including Gigur Marthong of the NPP, Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait of the HSPDP, Morning Mawsor MDC of the PDF and Srally Rashir of the PDF. Congress and out of these four candidates, three candidates are in the HSPDP, Congress and NPP. In Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, the total number of voters is 4699 males and 5282 females while the total turnout was 7228 or 72.418%.
Freddy Jyrwa scored the first goal for Pohkseh SC in the 7th minute.
The Khasi people are a nation that knows man and knows God and it is a nation that has received the reputation for the best morality in the world.
The new office bearers of the Kur Lyngkhoi are Spailar Lyngkhoi, Vice-President Branly Lyngkhoi, Secretary Staibor Lyngkhoi, Assistant Secretary Kiewbor Lyngkhoi, Finance Secretary Wilfrida Lyngkhoi, Publicity Secretary Jylliew J Lyngkhoi and Tyran Lyngkhoi. u Kharnglin Lyngkhoi.
In the women's category, Mawshynrut Block beat Shallang Block 1-0
“Every minute and every hour, the voice of Maieid sounds to me that I will contest the election, I will contest without money and I don't have money, and I don't have a car, I will follow their example. Daiostar Jyndiang said this in an interview with Rupang at the HSPDP office in Nongstoiñ a few days before the announcement of the ticket.
November 28, 2020 On the 21st November 2020, we witnessed a terrible protest and violence against the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) to hold a Public Hearing for the proposal of the Company. Star Cement to expand the mining and quarrying to 2.507 million tonnes from an area of ​​42.051 hectares at Brishyrnot.
We must oppose when necessary and support all good works.
Michael Kurbah of Rangdajied Utd FC scored a hat trick in the 41st, 52nd and 82nd minutes.
For persons with disabilities, there is no age limit, including widows, but for those with mental disabilities, women should be 58 years of age or older while men should be 58 years of age. don 60 years old.
Speaking to media, u Bah Syiem said, “I don't think that this departure of the MLAs will lead to a loss of hope of winning the 2023 election”.
It is a center for treatment of various diseases through trained doctors such as Gynecology, ENT, Ophthalmology, Physiology and others while X-Ray, Scanning, Ultrasound will soon be installed at this centre.
In the past few months, the former MDA government through the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has inaugurated the new building of the Sibsingh Memorial Government Higher Secondary School at Nongpyndeng. WKHD.The opening of the new building of Sibsingh School has brought great joy to the school principals, students and parents, as the old school building has been destroyed. the jot kept.
These issues, in turn, outline the basis of the Unified Code of Conduct.
“In relation to the work of the District Council now, we see the decline of our culture, so we need to protect and strengthen it.
She asks for the blessings and prayers of all so that she can continue to serve many.
She added that it is necessary to take measures to ensure the safety and security of the people and to maintain peace and order in the city.
He said the NPP-led Government has focused on development works in all aspects of the state by empowering all the MLAs in the districts and constituencies to decide on these needs. it is best that they act according to the requirements.
"The Minister arrived in Agartala on the 5th of his three-day visit to Tripura where he met with various groups and reviewed the steps to improve the skills of the people in the state. state and make presentations to the public regarding linkages to markets, skilling of people and employment opportunities.
The Word of God says that in the last days, people will love only money, they will not care about blood, and that is now.
Senior BJP leaders who won this time were Narendra Modi, who won from Vadodara in Gujarat and Varanasi in Uttar Pradesh.
He said that the government, after consulting with the Independent Investigation Committee, has decided that the construction of the roundabout will continue but it will use more stingy materials. Design by the same Design Associate who designed but will have to do this free of charge.
“This is not just a slow decline, but a serious decline in income or what will be called an intensive care unit,” Subramanian said in a statement. part of Harvard University’s Center for International Development.
