One of the journalists in Afghanistan is reportedly in danger of death as the Taliban are searching for her. and they shall take away their wives, and kill them.
“I have already read in the newspaper but I have not discussed this issue with the President,” said Hek. Hek has requested the BJP to announce the candidates for both the seats four months before the LS elections. “I agree with what you say.
There are six groups in the Jowai Zone; They will play against Niaw Wasa United, Rymbai Ïawpynsing SC, Mulait United FC, Seiñ Pynbhalang SC, Rangdajied United FC, Ladthadlaboh SC and Pdengkarong Youth Club.
On the expression of sympathy for the passing away of Bah HDR Lyngdoh, Bah Pala said that Maheh HDR Lyngdoh was an MLA of Sohiong for many decades from the Congress, and in the MLA election. In 2018, Bah HDR Lyngdoh should not have won, but there are those who are working hard to win him.
Congress President Sonia Gandhi, who won by 1.07 lakh votes from Rae Bareli, unlike her son, who won by 1.07 lakh votes against Congress candidate Smriti Irani, said, the decision of the people is against us".
Two vehicles, a private vehicle and a police bus were set on fire by unidentified persons on the morning of 30th June.
The order came after allegations that there is still illegal mining and trade of coal across the district.
The Secretary is Bah Sambormi Lyngdoh and Learningstar Rymbai.
As generations come so do systems of government.
The film was released on the first day of the Khasi Seiñ Raij Children's Conference at Krang, on the 14th July 2023, by Pa Dalloi, Jowai District, Puramon Kynjing and Rgh Gideon Kharmawphlang, Deputy Commissioner, South West Garo Hills.
Speaking to reporters, Manas said, “I have been assured that I will get a ticket since July last year and they have promised me a ticket three times, but in the end. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Manas.
They alleged that Jephrin Sumer is a member of the village, but Jephrin Sumer said clearly that he is a member of the village.
She also expressed her gratitude to Rangbah Firstly Syad and the entire 4-Mowkaiaw Block Congress Committee (BCC).
They will be recognized on the day of Jesus' second coming, those who have received and those who have not received the Holy Spirit.
“There is also a lack of job opportunities among the youth.
Up to 93762 people have been infected in the past few years but 92146 have recovered.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: Following the arrest of HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani and four others, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) has demanded the release of HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani. She has threatened to call a four-day office blockade on the 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th of this month if they are not released.
He said that only Bah Eldie has been arrested in connection with the incident and the investigation is ongoing.
And all flesh died that moved upon the earth, both of fowl, and of cattle, and of beast, and of every creeping thing that creepeth upon the earth, and all mankind" (Genesis 7:11-24).
The advance fee is 500 tyngka per group, and the deadline for submission of advance fees is 18th October
The player was selected after Jose Mourinho, the club's manager, accepted him and later promoted him to the club. training with the first team in the 2009/10 season.
UPI-PayNow link between India and Singapore, effective from June 2023, aligns with the G20’s all-important financial services opening initiatives and paves the way for cross-border payments in a much less expensive, efficient and transparent way.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Panaliar Dorbar Shnong, Careme Phawa, after the Chyrmang Neiñ Dorbar Shnong admitted that it is an area under its jurisdiction.
Therefore, besides the Sixth Schedule and the Land Transfer Act 1971, the Codification of Garo Customary Law is also needed to protect the traditional customs and traditions of the Garo people.
Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma was the chief guest and Sutnga Saipung MLA Santa Mary Shylla was the chief guest.
A 7.8 magnitude earthquake struck Turkey and Syria on Tuesday, killing more than 8,000 people and injuring thousands more. due to the damage and collapse of houses and various buildings during the earthquake at that time.
The Bhagat movement increased when the RSS branch led by Khasi youth and elders appeared.
Shillong, Nailur 6: The FKJGP Central Body today visited the cow market in Khanapara and found that there are thousands of cows in the market. “Why is the price of beef when those in Khana-para are enough for us?” said the Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Bah Marbud Dkhar. .
Nongpoh: A Review Meeting was held today between Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of State and five MLAs from Ri Bhoi, to discuss many development projects. in different parts of Ri Bhoi.
Scott retired in 1987 as Chairman of the Delhi Agriculture Marketing Board.
The raid on illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills came a day after the Meghalaya High Court ordered the Director General of Police (DGP) to search and arrest all the owners of illegal coke factories in West Khasi Hills. the State.
About 100 youths, District Youth Coordinator of Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan (NYKS) as Chief Guest, Alexander N.Lyndem, Executive Director, Silver Rose Cultural Institute ( SRCI), Prof. Gideon L. Kharkongor and Prof. Emi D. Sumer, from St. Edmund's College and Ms. Eltisha Kharkongor, from Greater Mawlai College, were the resource persons who spoke at the programme.
The HYC has also demanded an independent inquiry into the incident.
Similarly, the residents of the village have been complaining that since the closure of the Ryngud market in Wah Rew after the India-Pakistan war in 1972, the Khaii Khabar market has disappeared.
Although many people say that there is no bill, if you look for people to work, you find it very difficult to get bill.
This is no longer surprising because this snowfall is no longer surprising to the people who used to pass through this road because it happens all year round.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: The Meghalaya government has decided to supply electricity through the RGVVY scheme funded by the central government to three villages in Langpih area including Mawdiangsnam, Umyiap and Miangbyrkong have been suspended since the beginning of implementation.
Diatasbor Wanniang, President of HYC Rimuliang Circle, has admitted that the Assam Police from time to time seize and search vehicles passing through the road from Kamphoduli to Langpih without any reason. , they also fine vehicles carrying goods for private business.
The Government supports the construction of Solar PV Cells through PLI and Battery Energy Storage Systems through Viability Gap Funding.
The occupants of the vehicle were Akoijam Subhachandra Singh, Samphangso Shinglai, Nganba Wairokpham Chenglei and Nengneichong Lhanglal from Thoubal and Ukhrul districts of Manipur.
Shillong: Employees of the North East Indira Gandhi Regional Institute of Health (NEIGRIHMS) today protested against the incident. The hospital authorities have not taken any action to protect the staff from the corona virus.
So, it really came true this 2018 turning 28 years.
Political intimidation and statements that threaten the peace and order of the state should be removed and the party therefore requests the present state government not to entertain any statements to abolish the working methods. which has lasted until the 50th anniversary of independence.
The ECI is expected to hold a meeting with political parties in Meghalaya on the 13th of this month and on the 14th of this month. Nagaland to prepare for the smooth running of the elections.
Shillong, November 04 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Monday said that the introduction of freight railways in the state will benefit the farmers of Meghalaya.
However, instead of them, police from Motphran to the Secretariat were guarded by police dressed in adequate equipment including sticks and shields for the rally.
“We see that the question arises in what manner they will implement the Roster System whether from the beginning or from now on.
Don't think that the job of government employees is just to implement schemes but to provide assistance with the mind and soul to the society,” he said.
During the raid, the HANM requested for certificates from these foreigners, including Trading, Labor License. and other documents, but these foreigners could not produce the documents and this forced the leaders of HANM to flee the area.
Manipur Chief Minister Biren Singh, Assam Chief Minister Sarbananda Sonowal and Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu are also in the picture. Samla Jimmy Raul Kharmuti said that he has a great hope to release the film at Bijou, Shillong. looking forward to seeing this movie.
The purpose of our post is not to insult Phermeki but to encourage other players to come forward.
Thus, according to the Rules of the AD Rules 1951, the KHADC has its own CEM.
The Taxi Association said that it will wait for the government to take the necessary action against foreign vehicles and private vehicles but if the government cannot do anything, they will use force. by stopping all the vehicles coming from abroad and this will start from Sohra.
Shillong: The Beauty Parlor Management Training was held on 10th March 2023 at SBI RSETI Ribhoi, Umsning Ribhoi District.
“I hope that the peace and rights of the people will return to the past.
“Commenting on Dr. Ampareen's remarks on the meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday, Mira June said, “ASHA workers don't get up to T .5000 thousand as mentioned by the Minister but they receive only T.2000 thousand which they don't get at all but they receive only T.800 from the National Health Mission (NHM).
Police have handed him over to the Middlesex County Adult Correctional Center for further investigation into the charges against him for the murder.
On the allegations that all schemes from the central government have to be approved by the BJP in the state, he said, “I don't think the central government will act like that and that is just a feeling. Sanbor Shullai, because they too are working for the development of the country. If that happens, the states without the BJP will lose their development jobs, but the BJP central is working for the development of the country. of all the states in the country as a whole".
“Ka Seng urges you not to take the right steps to bring about change in the Police Department in the State due to the misuse of power by the Police Chiefs.
In the afternoon, MDC Nongthymmai Latiplang Kharkongor was present at the distribution of certificates to the Rangbah Shnongs of Nongthymmai Pyllun.
“The BSF has not allowed them to bring in goods except for certain types of goods,” said our Khasi as well as Bangladeshis who came to reporters. of Bangladesh has done the same.
The Joint Secretary of KHADC, Bah Reful Wanniang, was appointed as the Administrator of the Shella Confederacy on 23rd November 2014.
“It may surprise us that even in good countries, there are people who are malnourished because they eat bad foods that can cause hunger but still get weak because these foods cannot does not provide nutrients necessary for the growth and development of the human body.
The Good Shepherd Parish Ladrymbai, invites all to the consecration of the three Deacons, Dn.
They also searched his residence and found many empty bottles, expired Coca-Cola and Pepsi drinks and found that he was selling food items that had been infected with snakes.
Later, the Minister also visited the house which was damaged by the earthquake on Friday morning which caused the death of these brothers.
During his career, he was also a member of the Barak Valley Development Committee and the Central Young Chakma Association.
OR Shallam President of SRK, in which Hon'ble Chief Justice of Meghalaya High Court Sanjib Banerjee was the chief guest, in his speech, he congratulated the leaders of the Seiñ Raij who have been able to organize this programme. A flourishing Sukra which is part of the preservation of culture and traditions.
He said that the party has taken the initiative to fight against drugs because the party has seen the impact of many youths who have become addicted to drugs. that drugs destroy not only the youth but also affect the family and the society which destroys the youth and the nation.
The word 'Ud longtheng' is one of the names by which the Lyngngam call God.
He said the present government has taken the right decision to bring back the Meghalaya Games from 2020 after 16 years since the start of the tournament.
Shillong: The Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya today approved the resolution introduced by the Government to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under Article 8 of the Constitution.
“The Lyngdoh said that she died with the confirmation from the Sordar,” said Lemberkutstep.
Shillong: On the 9th March, 2021, the Youth Wing of the Presbyterian Church Nongsawlia joined hands with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan Shillong to curb the pollution of plastic.
Mothers living in Shillong, Sohra, Nongstoin, Nongpoh, Jowai and the suburbs suffer because their grown children walk at their own pace.
Banisha in her heart was determined to meet the young man she was holding in her hand, especially the religious one.
One of the biggest problems is to pay the salaries of the council employees which is one of the issues that the council is facing and if we misuse the council money where will it lead us,” said Thombor. He added that this allegation is only a misrepresentation of the EC he leads.
In another development, the Jaintia National Council (JNC) has alleged that the rule of law in the state is divided between the high and the low.
Jowai, July 20: The pre quarterfinal match of the U-17 Girls tournament was held on the 20th of this month at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
“Yesterday, we received a written confirmation from the Assam government that it has approved our request to provide 10 persons,” he said.
Star Cement in 2001 has seen a lot of coal near the Lumshnong mine. .
He said that the Government of India has a goal of eradicating Measles Rubella from India by November 2023 and to achieve this goal requires the cooperation of all.
The Waheh Shnong Ma SB Ryngkhlem praised the initiative of the VO in relation to the cleanliness drive on this day and urged all the Members SHGs to be willing to work for the improvement. within the city.
They also demanded that the government should send more police force to the area to protect the people.
In the second match, Khliehmyntdu Mihmyntdu beat Pateinki Sabah 2-1
The world has been brought closer and smaller through technology.
They became ill a few hours after Home Minister Amit Shah tested positive.
All students should follow these guidelines. The union will award prizes to the most disciplined schools, as well as to the best students, every year.
According to this statement, the people of Hynniewtrep want to get rid of the tyrsim high level and low paid enemies..."Think about us who elected you...we elected you because we support the BJP...work for the small party The UDP will elect VPP Chief Minister, TMC Education Minister, HSPDP PWD and PHE Independent. Congress, TMC to UDP, VPP, HSPDP, PDF and independent candidates to join hands and form a government to escape the tyrsim of NPP and BJP. There have been dozens of rumors and allegations in the political arena and the people, especially on social media.
“To take that decision is up to the party and not to Fenela alone,” said Mawsor.
Speaking to media, Bah PB Sylliang, Secretary of the SRSRBD, said that the reason why the synjuk has not rejected the demand of the Garo people in Rangsakona, is because according to the Myllien The Act of 2007, has made it clear that the Garo cannot be like those Rangbah Shnongs, or issue any NOC or Dulir jak, because they are required to be like those Rangbah Shnongs. but to issue NOCs or Dulir land, can only be issued by anyone who is a Khasi Rangbah Shnong.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar said that the NPP has a close relationship with the UDP especially with (L) Dr Donkupar Roy and it is on this basis that the NPP has not nominated a candidate. The NPP has joined hands with the UDP to ensure that Bah Balajiedkupar wins the election.
It is true that the test was carried out when the disease started.
Officials of the Election Commission of India (ECI) will not visit Meghalaya, which has only two Lok Sabha constituencies, to oversee the preparations for the elections.
From the scene, it was reported that the people who came to help search for him died on their own.
The welcome speech was delivered by the Vice President of the party, Bah Rangdajied Donshiew.
For schools and other educational institutions, they will remain closed until 31st July
Immediately after the meeting, Rupang spoke to one of the senior leaders of the Mawlai Catholic Church, Bah Lenus Shadap, to talk more about the cemetery of the Mawlai Catholic Church at Law Syiem.
Speaking to media, the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, said that on the allegation that IIT Guwahati has links with the two contractors who are building the Legislative Assembly.
The Cluster Coordinator, Bah CC Diengngan, has encouraged the women to come forward, to become office bearers and members of the SHGs. He said that after these SHGs have worked well, a building or office of the Village Organization (VO) will be built. which the SHGs can use at any time of need.
The truth came to light after Rihanna told the media that she had been hiding in London for a year and during her visit, she had met her family and friends. a close friend of hers, accompanied by a song.
After the second half, Lawei SC started to play strongly and had several good chances, but due to the lack of goalkeepers, the players of Lawei SC started to play strongly. make this group lose out on golden opportunities.
Uttarakhand won the toss and elected to bat and Meghalaya scored 242/6 in 50 overs with Sanjay Yadav scoring 81 off 49 balls. three balls.
[ ] Below are more benefits of eating grapes.
Police on the 6th received a complaint from the owner of OK Bounded Warehouse, Khroo Kyndiah, who complained that a group of people had stolen 60 cases of beer. on the 5th at 10:30 pm.
However, it was the team that won the first chess victory when Lee scored a goal from a field goal through a good shot by another player for to get the ball into the net.
There were also livestock lost in the landslide.
He asked the district officers to learn from the good practices of others in the districts who can do better and stressed that the practices suitable for their circumstances should be adopted. different places.
Decreased physical activity can also be a factor in the development of this disease.
“Your concern and struggle in this regard will ensure the peace of the people of Punjabi or also to send a message against those who are trying to create ethnic differences”.
Recalling the decoration of the place by the people in 2019 for the A'chik Baptist Dalgipa Krima meeting, Sangma said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma , was encouraged by the support of the people and is eager to start this beautification project for the Meghalaya Games
The opening ceremony was also attended by the wife of Dr. Sailo who will take over as the Manager of the hospital along with the staff of the hospital.
KAM outlines 15 issues and themes that are most important for the revival of democracy and building a prosperous Meghalaya: corruption and illegal activities in local governance, to preserve and protect the land, the environment and to support farmers, adequate and quality health, quality education for all, to strengthen local governance and community development through full empowerment of citizens, full funding and good governance transparent and accountable, fully support young people, eradicate corruption in recruitment, protect workers’ rights, bring about gender equality, justice women and other groups, to bring peace and harmony to every citizen, to stand against all forms of religious discrimination, to uphold and protect the rights of the State in relation to the Government of India and also to promote differences and the presence of different political parties, to encourage discussion and dialogue.
Turkish authorities say they are still investigating the incident and have suspended travel to the city while the situation in the area has not improved. -law.
Shillong, Lber 23: The SSLC (Matric) examination conducted by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) 2022 will start from the 24th of this month.
Shillong, Lber, 21: In accordance with the guidelines of the Election Commission of India (ECI) regarding the implementation of the Model Code of Conduct (MCC) after the announcement of the Lok Sabha elections Within 72 hours, it has sent and deleted all the letters praising the Central and State Governments.
She sent him to deposit the money in the newspaper and to tie it with a sailieh and also to put it in a shop outside Lad KNGC College. In the evening, he went to hand over the money to the shop, while his friends and the police were waiting to arrest those involved.
Regarding the inspection, Bah Fedrick Kharsyntiew, who led the inspection, said that as directed by the authorities, he accepted the directive and that is to issue a Show Cause Notice. If they fail to renew their Trading License within 15 days, the department will send them a Closure Notice within 30 days. days and if such shops fail to renew their Trading License, the department will not hesitate to close down such shops.
On the other hand, the NPYF Umroi Block, has taken this step to honor this student for her achievement in passing the SSLC examination. SSLC Examination 2022 Top Twenty Results
However, he said that for the Shillong Medical College, which is operating in a Public-Private-Partnership mode, until they have signed or arranged the rules of procedure, they will not be able to start the work.
As Congress leader Rahul Gandhi and several senior leaders were unable to attend the meeting on the scheduled date, it was decided to postpone the meeting. so that all may be free to participate in the meeting.
It is the source of each and every one to have a full life.
On the other hand, the union leaders congratulated these two officers for their promise to take care and work with the union for the development of the country, the welfare of the people. area of ​​the city.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) in collaboration with the KSU Northern Border Areas (KSU) after receiving a complaint about the non-functioning of the Mawlasnai Primary Health Centre, visited the Mawlasnai Primary Health Centre.
He said that it is because of the presence of such leaders that the party has grown rapidly now because besides having a strong foundation, they are also farsighted, intelligent and put forward the issue of the Nation is ahead.
The reason why the public should lodge a complaint against such Dalals and the DTO if they find that it is true that those Dalals are working as Government employees is that the public cannot work. Any Government job in Government offices without being selected by passing various examinations.
wanbynrap KharkrangThe children of the country have thought wellThey have given and taken is only a giftThe land is used by the CreatorLike life is so greatYou are wrong now The people of the country are in trouble.
When it comes to change, the most important thing is the increase in income, employment and income generation.
He said that the call center acts as an assistant to the people who face difficulties in completing their work.
He said that in recent years, wild animals such as skei, wild boars, diengkhied, wild boars and others have started to grow rapidly but there are also people from other neighboring villages who come. They beat thong regularly and sometimes they get up to two or three skei a day.
The wonderful blood of Jesus which has power over demons and Satan over diseases over viruses and over the corona virus, it is only in the blood of Jesus that has the power to heal and deliver the world from all problems.
Besides, the Seng Sasmla has also lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner to remove the tower and this has caused a lot of problems as many of the work inside the office has relied on the internet. you have a network.
Speeches were also delivered by the party leaders including the Vice President of the party, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, supporters of other political parties such as the UDP, Congress, NPP, HSPDP. India in the past few years has shown a significant increase in income, employment and exports. India's ability to export goods has led the world to focus on India's rapid development in various fields.
In this operation, the JSU has been able to expel at least 100 people.
He also encouraged them to use their talents properly and at the same time urged them not to forget about education.
On the other hand, Congress MLA from Mawsynram Constituency, Bah HM Shangpliang, said that the letter received from the Sur Ki Nongmawlai will not be a letter to reject anything, but will be submitted to the Legislative Assembly. to ensure the rights for the family of Bah Che and also for the rights of the people of Mawlai.
Shillong, Nailar 18 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya on Friday announced that the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance Government (MDA) has revoked the decision of the previous government in 2014 to ban the use of chemical fertilizers. used by the people in agriculture.
Before the cleanliness drive, a short meeting was held by the Waheh Shnong of Tympang Iawmusiang, Ma Edystone Shylla. thaw.
In another incident, a truck (AS 25 FZ8376), heading from Shillong to Guwahati, collided with the divider of Umling Forest at 8.30 pm. The driver of the vehicle was identified as Arjun Chettri of Pahamlapong village and collided with another vehicle (ML-10-C-5589). He was rushed to Nongpoh Civil Hospital and later shifted to Bethany Hospital for treatment.
According to the letter, it is clear that some government departments are trying to intimidate the Christian community, through their search for information, about things that he does not need.
Where is the money and where is the Cess Tax collected for these seven years? If the State Government cannot explain, we have the right to demand an explanation from the Government and we have the right to demand the salary increase that we should have received for the past seven years,” said the FASToM leader. “Regarding the statement of the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, one of the reasons we see is that the Government is still confused about how much money it has and how much money it will have to spend.
Furthermore, there are those who have lost their uniqueness, in which even the language of the thylliej to tell stories at home, is spoken in a foreign language, so that it is no longer pleasant to speak it. of the language, because in schools or colleges the subject of the Khasi language has been rejected or completely removed from the requirement and it is not allowed to continue studying it.
On the other hand, Prestone said that the government has decided to temporarily build a nar bridge in the area after directing the Chief. Engineer of NHAI and Secretary of PWD to follow up on this issue.
On Thursday, 232 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 4 people died, bringing the death toll to 1261 in the state.
The second speaker stood up.
The peace rally was organized by the All Jaintia Commercial Vehicle Association (AJCVA) in collaboration with the Jaintia Village Council, Jowai Village Council, Jowai-Shillong-Guwahati Tourist Cab Association, JLKTTA and other civil society organizations. public.
They also said that as people should not remember this day only on the 5th July which has been set aside as a special day to plant trees or clean up the surroundings but should celebrate it every day. the day by cleansing and respecting the environment.
When asked whether she would announce Rahul Gandhi as the prime ministerial candidate, Sonia Gandhi declined to comment.
The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday held its National Committee Meeting at the Constitution Club of India in Delhi and honored the newly elected MLAs from Meghalaya and Nagaland. and Manipur.
All four students who passed the matric examination want to study doctorate.
He said that the NPP will win the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and will also return from the Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
“When they are in the middle of the games, as school children they should also have a goal and that is to win and not to lose”, said Bah H.Staline Diengdoh.
Folk song (Solo): First Prize: Little Star UPS, Lad Rymbai, Second Prize: Sacred Heart UPS, Lamyrsiang and Third Prize: Khliehriat Presbyterian UPS, Khliehriat.
According to Bah C.Syrti, SP of Ri Bhoi, the incident happened on the night of the 15th of this month, when the KSU Leader in Ri Bhoi, along with about About 25-30 youths, who claimed to be members of the KSU, suddenly rushed to the police station, and shouted at the OC and Head Constable of Umiam PS. Speaking on the incident, Bah C.Syrti, said that the cause of the incident was the collision of a Bolero Pick-up, driven by a foreigner. , did not allow him to continue, and for that reason, one of the members of the KSU, went to shoot the driver at a food shop in Sumer.
Therefore, when he received the problems of the people, he could not just sit back but he decided to work body and soul, work hard in what was the will of God for him as the candidate. to the thong he will go to Parliament to convey the concerns of the people.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah.
“After the Dorbar found out that it belongs to Trilian, the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has authorized the OC of Thanad Iewduh to close down the shop,” said Myntri Langstieh. He said that Kong Shim had fought against the Syiem's ​​police.
Ref: The report of the Syiem of Rambrai dated 5th December
This is not illegal because the rainy season when the heater is burning and the dry season when it is not burning are completely different.
The meeting was attended by party leaders including Ivanlumlang Marbaniang, President, Aspicious Lyngdoh, General Secretary of the PDF, two MDCs including Victor Ranee. Jirang MDC Albinus Lyngdoh, Umroi MDC Emlang Lytan, Jayson Mawlong, who is also the candidate from Umsning Constituency, elders, Rangbah Shnong and others.
From the ILP Act to Shong Suk JaiMany times we have been reminded of the ILP Act created and appointed by Dr. Mukul Sangma in 2012, which his ILP Committee has passed. There is only one voice which has suggested to introduce the ILP Act in the state as elsewhere.
"Many of the places destroyed by Israel include the house of Yahya Sinwar, chairman of the Hamas Political Bureau in Gaza, and his brother Muhammad Sinwar," he said. news, released today by the Israeli military.
When asked what news you will bring to your village about this festival in Mawphlang, you will find that it is like this. I would like to tell my friends that if they want to come, please don't bring anything from home.
JACATAM at its meeting last month, decided to wait until 11th June 2017 for the promise of the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to increase the salary of all adhoc teachers by 100 percent in the state as he promised in the House recently.
“We have received the sanction since June and after inquiry from the Treasury office, we have learned that it has been stuck at UBI Bank in Jowai and we have learned from the bank that it has not been able to pay the loan. The teachers did not suspend the officer after receiving the order from the government.
The Government of Meghalaya through the Department of Culture and Heritage has declared a public holiday in the state to honor the 81st anniversary of the death of this poet. great nation.
Peace and joy be to those who are prepared to meet their Saviour. Amen.
The AICC chief also directed Lapang to encourage the employees who are in the background to work hard for the party.
In Meghalaya, the positivity rate is more than 10% compared to Assam which has only 1% positivity rate till yesterday.
Shillong: The Wah Umkhrah is a place where idols are worshiped every year during the Durga Puja.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Session of the State Legislative Assembly will be held from 15th to 22nd November.
The Congress is hoping to form governments in Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Chattisgarh, while Telengana may return to the Telengana Rashtra Samiti (TRS), led by incumbent UK Chandrasekhar Rao. the Chief Minister of the State shall continue as the Chief Minister of the State.
The HNLC also expressed its concern over the demand of the 13 political parties for the checkpoint, which has been pending for many years.
Because it is confirmed that the BJP under the leadership of Modi, it seems that the people of the country are still standing together with one mind to bring Modi back as Prime Minister.
Bah Shanbor felt different and went to the house of his friends to inform them.
Khliehriat, July 21: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) East Jaintia Hills District, on the 19th of this month, visited Huroi village. and Bangladesh where the new office bearers and members of the Khasi Students Union Huroi Unit were confirmed.
The meeting will be held on the 22nd of this month at 12:30 pm at the Community Hall Khliehriat West.
Prof Laloo said that the Government will accept the deficit schools which want to be accepted by the Government without any restrictions.
He also criticized Pynshngaiñ N Syiem MLA Mawsynram constituency who has recently resigned and is also the Chief Executive Member of KHADC. The road which has been relocated is 136 kilometers long.
These pig farms include one at Nongkasen, one at Medium Farm at Dalu and one at Mawtneng.
He said that the government has taken action for such people, in 2003, it has appointed the Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities.
Dibrugarh is in danger due to the irregular mining of soil and shyiap from Poolbagan to Panchali.
Then you understand that the heater is short in the machine and so on.
Hasina, 71, has been able to defeat the opposition led by Khaleda Zia.
After the 1000 years they will be resurrected in a dishonorable resurrection, “a resurrection of shame and everlasting contempt” Daniel 12:2
He said that the demand of Bah Jemino is not the demand of the UDP, although he sent the letter head of the party because as President he did not sign the letter sent by the UDP. Dr Jemino to the Prime Minister.
But a woman who does not know how to respect and humble herself in front of a man is a foolish woman.
The Minister also urged the IFS officers to encourage foreign investors to turn to the North East.
Earlier, Mawlai MLA Embhahlang Syiemlieh asked whether the Boards have been recognized by the government besides MBoSE in the state.
Referring to the government's contribution to the development of Nongdisong, the village has received a PMGSY road, a football field, 3 small school buildings, a footbridge, a pond. tongum, 100 days scheme, PMAY, Saturday farms, semi pigs, social welfare schemes, king Anganwadi scheme, tymmen scheme, death penalty scheme, Anganwadi scheme, Check Dam scheme, received In Nongdisong, there is an SSA UP school, an SSA LP school and an Anganwadi school.
The public is requested to attend the meeting, said a statement sent by Bah Starfing Pdahkasiej in charge of the media of the union.
The school was run by the Syntung Presbyterian Church but later it was taken over by the village.
On the day of the incident, the child was wearing a blue salwar dress and has not returned home since the incident.
Those attending the festival will have to park across the street and walk.
It was through this ability that he was promoted to the I-League title (RoundGlass Punjab FC).
A 76-year-old man, who died two days ago in Karnataka, has been confirmed dead of Coronavirus, the report said.
Therefore, in such a case, we had to use force by bombing lathi.
A Work Order has been issued for the construction of the office and the work is in progress.
God is the Father in heaven.
By Bah Philip MarweiñSchool teachers are sheep, not goats.
Through these schools, they will provide training to the students in many fields and will also provide training on how to become the future of the society and the country as envisaged in the NEP
On this occasion, the Youth Assembly of Jowai Church was honored for its donation of blood to the Hospital.
The U Tirot Sing Syiem Academic Award 2022 will be for all those who have come first in various examinations and for those who have come Top 20 in the class 10 students will receive a laptop.
Three women members of the group including Commodore Ratna Prabha Karle, Lieutenant Commodore Lehar Singhal and Trimann Saluja shared their experiences during the programme.
The party also awarded awards and honors to prominent leaders from Ri-Bhoi who have contributed to the society in Ri-Bhoi, former leaders, journalists and others.
The competition will be exclusively for those who live within the border of Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“For all the earth is mine” These are the words that God spoke to Moses when God called Moses on Mount Horeb to deliver the children of Israel from Egypt. aka their slavery.
Mulayam, 82, is the leader of the Samajwadi Party.
The NPP said the WE Card Scheme is only the new name of the Lakshmir Bhandar Scheme implemented in West Bengal.
He strongly criticized Bernard for watching and reading from time to time Bernard's unfounded allegations against the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma who is leading the MDA government which the BJP also supports. only.
In the incident that year, all the monuments, temples and ancient monuments were destroyed, resulting in thousands of houses being destroyed and the cost of damage reaching $6 billion.
This is because the marriage has turned into a dewthala, in which the husband and wife have committed a struggle between the bloodshed of the devil and many bad things later but once the water on the ground is difficult to hold again.
Nongpoh, March 02: The residents of Kyrdemkulai village, 6 km in Ri Bhoi District, have been able to open a new health center in Kyrdemkulai village, Ri Bhoi District. One E-learning Center and also a Turmeric Processing Unit on 29th November 2023 at Kyrdemkulai Village in Ri Bhoi District.
“You can ask why I joined the NPP, but I believe that under your wise leadership (Conrad K Sangma), the people of the area, If we want that, we must work with the NPP,” said Bah Syiem.
There are also the Garo people who claim to have their own land here in the Bri u Hynniew-Trep.
Due to the severity of her injuries, the child died while undergoing treatment at the GMC Hospital in Guwahati.
P Buam scored the first goal for Lajong in the 78th minute.
how to be brave.
He said that the poor houses in Kyrbom and the people should know that the poor houses in the area were not built by Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh during her tenure as Minister of Urban Affairs.
Rich in phytochemicals and containing about 91 per cent water, Palong has a low glycemic index, which means that the choice of eating this fruit helps to maintain glucose levels.
Do you sit right ? The increase in unemployment among the youth in the state has increased over the years. The struggle for employment under the reservation policy has deprived the youth of their rights. I don't have a longing.
On the other hand, the DMHO, Dr M.Bareh, said that the government is now struggling to improve all the existing health centres.
In another development, six cows including two pregnant cows were killed in a fire in the same village on Sunday (7th June).
On the other hand, the Seng expressed its concern that many of the transformers are located near the houses of the people and can cause tragic incidents to people and animals as well as in places where There are different reasons why the transformers are not installed.
He said the US did not expect to hear such news about the presence of Chinese weapons in Cuba and that it could affect Secretary of State Antony Blinken's visit. to China this month.
What will happen to the members of the lockdown within 6 days before showing signs of the first case? On the other hand, this lockdown is like saying that 0+0=100 because it has caused panic. Although it is not an airborne disease, it is afraid of us in the villages because instead of being a training, it increases the temperature.
“We remind that the RAI interim order issued in the Supreme Court since November, 2013 is still in force and we remind from time to time that aadhaar is voluntary. voluntary and not mandatory and the final decision on Aadhaar will be issued in November this year.
Regarding the use of EVMs, B.Blah, ADC, ERO said that the public can come to the office to get more detailed training on these EVMs (Electronic Voting Machines) and VVPAT. She also said that there will be a Demonstration Van to provide training on these machines.
They were right.
Where is the work of growing when the ground is covered with shyiap?
Therefore, all the shops in Chandmari are requested not to open their shops on the scheduled date.
And if this is the case, then there is no difference between the Jewish religious leaders of Israel.
Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal, CEO Shillong Municipal Board Bah E Kharmalki, Director Urban Affairs B.Sh. Dutta et al.
According to the DC, the District Selection Committee (DSC) has sent this to the Personnel Department that the deadline for recruitment of Gram Sevak candidates has expired on 21st July
“I am ready to work with the Assam government and foreign groups to develop an elephant corridor which will be a protection and to open the way for elephants to move safely,” he said.
Speeches were also delivered by BJP Vice President Seibor Myrthong, BJYM Mawkyrwat Mandal President Mihsalan K. Turnia, BJYM Ranikor President W. Manner and BJYM Shillong leaders.
By introducing special rules, the Cabinet has decided not to count the age of those who are over the age of appointment in the Department of Textiles.
“It is only in the HSPDP party that hundreds of people have been punished by imprisonment by the Assam government for party members who have fought for their own state in the past. Under the leadership of (L) Hopingstone Lyngdoh and other fighters,” said Pangniang.
Shillong: There have been many articles about the indigenous people of Meghalaya, many of whom have explained that there are three indigenous tribes in Meghalaya, the Garo, the Khasi and the Jaintia. Recently in the 11th Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, there was a statement that the Khasi and Jaintia are not the same people.
Whether it is a good or bad job, prayers, activities and so on.
He said European countries have been concerned about this and have taken measures to curb the influx of foreigners.
To see the unity among the ethnic groups in this state will be difficult and extremely difficult due to the power struggle and corruption.
In addition, Ms. L.Syiemlieh DSEO gave an explanation on the important areas in the society through education and others.
Stella also won a cash prize of T.1 lakh, Lamiker Dkhar who came second in Miss Meghalaya 2023 won T.50,000 and Sanijaijai Khyriem who came second came second. She received a prize of 25,000 tyngka.
Speaking on the occasion, u Bah Mayralborn said that although it cannot solve 100 percent of the problems, it will help the people as Meghalaya relies on other states to bring even the brut shut. bniat spirit.
“As the days go by, the burden of responsibility and the demands of the people has increased on me and the MP post itself if this candidate is not in the same party source or in the It is difficult for the government to achieve or solve the problems,” said Ampareen.
Dutta recalled that so far five SBI employees have been abducted and they are working in Garo Hills.
Zofingen police on Friday said a man injured several people on the streets of northern Switzerland in Zofingen on Tuesday.
Their lawyer, K Paul, said the court has postponed the hearing to 11th November.
We have decided to declare a strike across the state,” said the MAWU leader. MAWU spokesperson Sonny Kharjana said, “The Union demands the The State Government to increase the salary from T.2000 thousand to T.5000 per month because after the women take over the post of ASHA they cannot go to work elsewhere.
The GNLA abducted Jude while he was on his way from Deku Deganggre to Tura on Tuesday.
They said that this is the last chance to elect a leader who thinks for the people and not just for himself.
On the other hand, the union alleged that the demand for ST status by the Meitei community which is an ethnic group that has grown and developed in all aspects is one of the demands which has no basis and which has also caused a stir among the state’s other indigenous ethnic groups who enjoy protected measures from the country’s Constitution.
For many reasons, perhaps, the King also converted to Hinduism and a Durga Temple was built near the King's palace to pray and worship.
“Brethren, I do not count myself to have apprehended; but this one thing I do, forgetting the things behind and stretching forward to the things ahead, I press on toward the goal for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus. Christ Jesus” (Phil 3:13).
The JNC has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner, Bah E Kharmalki.
In the other innings, EJH scored 9 runs per over and scored 271 runs for the loss of 8 wickets in 30 overs.
We have tried to find ways to support them, we are still considering this.
God is angry with the rulers of Israel.
He congratulated the MDCs of KHADC for being united on this issue despite the temporary turmoil.
Furthermore, the union will not allow foreigners to steal and earn their living from our beloved country.
The group said it has been able to clarify according to an article published in the Scientific Journal of the International Journal of Environmental Research and Public Health (IJER&PH) which states that “The wearing of masks inside the body is not safe as it can cause respiratory problems, headaches, increase blood pressure (BP), high blood pressure, mental illness, physical illness, physical illness and other diseases that can still cause many problems inside the human body.
Did they blow up a bomb somewhere? These allegations are inhuman.
The Bajrang Dal leader from Silchar has vowed to harass Hindus who go to churches during the upcoming Christmas celebrations.
The Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) Social Wing of Jowai District has once again donated food items including rice, dai, rice, piat, shini and slasha to 170 poor households in Mihmyntdu village on Friday.
Steveford Marweiñ, MCS in his speech, stressed the need to set up a Wall of Democracy inside St. Xavier's College, Umoid, which will be a place dedicated to the distribution of books. and posters to provide information/training and explanation regarding elections and also to encourage the youth to come forward to vote and elect their leaders.
At the same time, she expressed her regret over the refusal of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills to provide the report of the post mortem which they requested on 11th November but they received a reply that he could not provide it. on the 13th of November.
The villages affected by the LSD include Sumer, Mawlyngkhung, Umpyrdong-Umden, Umkon-Umdem, Saiden-Nongpoh and Jyntu-Nongpoh which fall under Umsning. Rangthong village which falls under Mawkyrwat district.
In such times when society, morality and humanity have declined to a great extent, society turns and looks at the family, what they do to repair what has been damaged.
Research shows that colds are more common during the cold months or the rainy season.
Florence Lohu of the Maoist movement has painted the faces of her own people as if they were cut from the colorful traditional costumes of the Nagas.
It is not necessary to open Community Quarantine Centers without the support of the government as this will also put pressure on the villages or the managers of those centres.
The telephone conversation was intercepted by US intelligence and the US is now convinced that the incident was carried out by the Syrian government.
Deibor Miter Kyndiah, a checker at the District Transport Office, has been arrested by the police on Thursday after taking money from him. you applied for a permit.
Referring to this issue, it cannot be said that in the past years, Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit is one of the leaders, who started to explain to the public on this issue through “Clean politics” and u He went around the country to raise awareness, holding public meetings to raise awareness, but his efforts did not work.
Moreover, among the leaders of the political parties, not only do they criticize one another, but some even misuse God's name and the sanctity of that heavenly place.
“We have been waiting for a while but the OC Mawsynram has not arrived after we phoned Bah Vivek. The delay of the Mawsynram police shows that there is something behind it,” said Bah Bhanusib. They went from the forest to the village but the police did not arrive.
The NGT Special Circuit Bench of the Eastern Zone has recently directed the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) to demolish the illegal structures at Umkhrah and Umshyrpi in accordance with the rules of law.
However, the time has passed for less than three years but nothing has happened and it seems that all the works that the MDA has taken to Delhi have not happened at all as demanded by the people.
During his visit, the Minister will visit various project sites to inspect the fisheries resources, and the implementation of the Pradhan Mantri Matsya Sampada Yojana (PMMSY). ) as well as Animal Husbandry schemes in the State.
Maqdad said the militants used the lyer bih with the help of the United States, France and the United Kingdom.
On the other hand, Bah Mayraldborn and Bah George, acknowledged the difficulties faced by the ASHA workers from time to time, ranging from the way they receive their salaries and others, including at the times when they used to go to care especially for the poor women.
However, there are others from Shillong and the villagers who follow the same example.
Marngar also suggested to the Government to set up committees at the level of District Councils and Deputy Commissioners in this regard.
At present, Bah Ardent, is in good health, although he has been on leave for three days and this has been confirmed by the doctors who came to conduct the check up today. .
bankhia is a stronghold of something that cannot be supported.
“The FKJGP Mawryngkneng circle and Mawlong unit have decided to inform the shopkeepers and shopkeepers not to invite Dkhars to work,” said Bah Bristar.
This statement comes from a heart that seems good but will lead to evil, disobedience to the authorities, which will destroy the nation.
She expressed her condolences to the families of the policemen who died in the attack by the insurgents in Garo Hills and to the souls of the injured.
Superintendent of Tax, In-charge KHADC Mawkyrwat Branch, S.Tiewsoh, said that the date and time of the incident is not known. Saturday or Sunday or Sunday, because from Saturday to Sunday this office is closed on non-working days.
Everyone wants to work better to get promoted and salary, but Bah Pyndaplang Muksor from Iooksi village has left the Meghalaya Police 5th Battalion because he want to set up a training center to become a guard to employ young people.
All the people are invited to witness this free match.
The national team has played well this season and has shown its strength as a team as a whole.
Speaking earlier, Bah PT Sawkmie expressed his gratitude to the school for continuing to invite him and congratulated the principal of the school and the school as a whole for this.
Shillong, Naitung :The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) Shillong on Tuesday conducted a Financial Literacy Event. The program was inaugurated by Bah Olden Nongpluh, General Manager and Officer-in-Charge, Reserve Bank of India, Shillong. Also present were the GM(O-i-C), NABARD, officials from the BDO office of Nongstoiñ Block and other officials from banks operating in the area.
The Housing Board, which was set up to help the people build houses with a stable voice, the Meghalaya Watches Limited, the government's watch factory which has been shut down, the Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL) the government, MeECL, Meghalaya Bamboo Chips Limited and others.
Those who took part in the program included government officials and engineers from PWD, MeECL, Industries, Urban Affairs, MUDA, Shillong Municipal Board and other departments of the Meghalaya government.
Meanwhile, another Congress leader who met with Wasnik said that such a meeting has been held in the past but no result has been received and hopefully it will come out now. you result.
After the seizure of the illegal coal truck, the Seng has informed the Nongstoin Police Station and the officer of the Police Station has immediately sent a letter to the police station. Police have arrested the driver and seized the vehicle. They have found the illegal coal truck.
It is used in garment factories, or for dhobi, or for making cakes, ice cream and others.
He said that we should be more open-minded and that the youth of the Northeast should have the spirit to be able to compete with others.
They fill out the ILP application and don't hesitate to apply because they want to see how Meghalaya is.
Paul said that the attendance of the people at the meeting is not a criterion to decide the strength, as about 85 percent of the voters are absent and do not attend the meeting. 85 percent of voters did not indicate where or whom they would vote for.
In a statement released by Bah W. Anthony Convener, SOMALA has requested the KHADC to talk to the state government to implement the recommendations of the Prime Minister.
Such incidents do not happen in other states because the state authorities do not allow the poiei to use force.
Earlier, the VPP had expelled Avner Medon Pariat from East Shillong.
Besides the speech of Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh, there were other elders and leaders from other parties, who gave their support to the speech of the NPP candidate from Mawhati Constituency.
On the Trinamool Congress's request to cancel the MoU signed between the Assam and Meghalaya governments on the seven border areas, the Deputy Chief Minister strongly condemned them and accused them of being traitors because they are unhappy. Referring to the SSA teachers, Prestone recalled that the SSA teachers have not received their salaries for many months in He said that the MDA government has immediately paid the salaries of the SSA teachers within 20 days.
At the same time, the court also directed the Government to look into the allegations against Jai Maa Coal Private Limited and its management, which has been filed through a PIL. .The West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) beat Moosyiem Shangpung 2-0 in the First Division Football Tournament held at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Tuesday.
D) from NEHU in the subject Political Science on the thesis “Interstate Border Disputes between Assam and Meghalaya”, under the supervision of Prof.TT Haokip.
The reason is that the people have sinned too much.
The fourth issue is that there is an urgent need to get its own airport. The State Government will take all necessary measures to complete this project which has been implemented for a long time to facilitate traffic, to reduce the The cost of travel to and from Gopinath Bordoloi Airport, Guwahati.
Alleging that the MDA Government has made a huge mistake in the arrangement of the seven border areas with Assam, Bah Thomas said, “The present Government has not just overthrown the old Government.
The raid was carried out on a tip-off from the residents of these areas that there is illegal entry of foreigners.
Speaking on the occasion, the Member of the House, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, reminded the new House that in the Bible there was a disciple of Jesus named Thomas who was only 10 years old. The Speaker of the House, Thomas A. Sangma, has not hesitated to take over the honorary seat of the House as his party does not have enough members.
Shillong, November 18 : U Minister of State for C&RD, Bah Hamlet Dohling on Saturday said that it is no longer the time to use sword and spear to fight against foreign forces. it is to fight with the sword and with the strength of the mind.
He said that the transfer of officers affects the development of the economy and especially the BDOs who deal with the villages.
The phyrnai iong and they took it to the stairs to spend the rainy season.
You can include this vegetable among sandwiches, syrwa, live vegetable mixture or as one of the appetizers.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle and village leaders in Narpuh area have given seven days to repair the National Highway 6 from Mynkre to Malidor.
It affects the doctors and patient care.
In my Father's house there are many dwelling places where Yahshua turns our thoughts to heaven.
“The Cabinet welcomes the proposal to increase the tax rate on other forest products,” he said.
All sections contain messages aimed at encouraging people and especially the youth and those who vote for the first time to make informed decisions during the elections.
The current clubs and villages which do not accept the Municipal are Dulong, Loompyrdi, Iongpiah, Loomiongkjam, Khliehmynkrem, while Panaliar does not accept or oppose the JMB. She was charged with attempting to hold the election of Ward Commissioner in the Guwahati High Court and another misc case was filed in 2003 with the Jowai Civic Awareness Committee.
Her beloved, Alexander, said, “Look now, we are separated and we are far away from each other and we are happy that we have experienced such a life.” they have left a memorable story in Ukraine.
On the other hand, the union urges the government to look into the documents together with the village leaders and hima leaders, not to listen to the involvement of non-Khasi people living in the area. , so that there will be no future turmoil and confusion.
When inquired, the DC said that all the political parties who attended the meeting have confirmed to take all measures to maintain peace and order during the rallies.
Shillong, Nov 14: The KHADC should not issue NOC to UCIL for the mining of uranium in the area, said Bah Wanphailang Warjri, General Secretary HSWO. Shillong Parliamentary Constituency 20 MP Vincent Pala has been involved in a clash between the two groups in South West Khasi Hills. Speaking to reporters, JACSO Secretary Robertjune Kharjahrin said that the JAC strongly condemns the statements of the MP of Shillong in the past few days. .
Shillong, Jymmang 26: Government Spokesperson and Minister of State for Home Affairs, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Thursday met with Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit at the site of the protest. thngan to request him to stop the strike and to come to the negotiating table with the government to discuss this but he refused unless the government sends a letter to the party together with the party. Ampareen, who arrived at the venue of the protest, said that her visit to the venue was to speak to the VPP. The Government has invited the VPP to the negotiating table so that the Government can understand the demands of the VPP. We have also raised this issue in the Legislative Assembly, we have sent a letter to the State Government and even in the All Party Meeting we have raised this issue and said that the Government does not know the demand of the VPP. "I'm a child," said Bah Ardent.
Shillong: The 13th Prize Money Knock-Out Football Tournament 2019 will be held at Teilang Playground, Dkhiah West on the 17th of November 2019 at 01:00 pm.
Replying to the statement that the NPP Government is strong, he said the sign of change is within the JHADC where only six months after the emergence of the NPP and others, there has been a cooperation to form an EC between the JHADC. the UDP and the Congress.
“We also violate the rules of JHADC and we act according to the customs and traditions of the Jaintia Hills,” said the Dolloi in the letter.
In this parable, the man who prepared the supper is Jesus Christ Himself. “For I say unto you, That none of those men which were bidden shall taste of my supper. ".
Speaking to media after the second meeting of the Executive Committee today, 25th November 2023, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem said that the arrears of the DA have also been paid. 80 lakh tyngka and the money of former MDCs that the Council should pay as compensation of 24 lakh tyngka, was approved to be released.
Other sources said that the incident occurred when a girl went to give food to her brother, who works in the field, but the four men, when they saw the child, called When she didn't go, they drove away the child and she fled the scene and told the villagers about the incident.
Shillong, Naitung, 14: The Khasi Jaintia Church Leaders' Forum (KJCLF) on Thursday said that the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) will lead to the destruction of the custom of giving birth to the mothers of the people. Khasi.
Besides RBI officials, the program was also attended by B Blah, Block Development Officer, Thadlaskein C&RD Block, NABARD officials including District Deputy Manager, N Kharlukhi and LDM and Kharbuli, officials from various banks and about 180 others including farmers and members of SHGs along with small traders and women.
“We will support the UDP candidate from Ranikor, because we have an agreement before the election,” said Bah Samlin.
Right to confirmation that the equipment is safe.
However, a day before the swearing-in ceremony, it was learned that three independent MDCs have left the synrop group. ) at the residence of Rupert M Sangma in Tura who is also an independent MDC from Tura Constituency and said that at this meeting they decided not to support anyone but to sit in the middle because they don't want to support them. groups with non-tribal MDCs.
The WJDSA will hold a trial camp on 08-12-23 for the players of West Jaintia Hills District to compete for Meghalaya. The 2024 Games.
Mann's second wife was chosen by his mother and sister.
Other sources said that there must be some reason behind the absence of these four MLAs, as the BJP leaders, including Bah Shibun Lyngdoh and Bah JA Lyngdoh, confirmed that these four persons, will be present at the ceremony at Polo, along with the Prime Minister.
At the same time, the Minister said that the department is making arrangements to get GI pipes and HDPE plastic pipes to get good water pipes in the state.
Shillong: U Iohborlang Kharsohnoh, 27, of Jongksha and Banshai Syiem, 25, of Laitkor, were arrested on Tuesday night at 10.20 pm. He was shot dead at Police Bazar Point by the robbers. They were injured and taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment.
I have been raising these issues since 2019, but the government has always refused.
He said that the ancestors had done what was necessary by bringing the school to this place , but now it depends on the hard work of all from the parents and teachers , so that once again days shall be remembered in such a celebration.
Then there will be those who will insult you in front of others.
The UGC said that the university was established by the Meghalaya government as a state private university in 2013 on the campus of Shillong Polytechnic, but since that year it has not started classes.
This can be said to come from the deterioration of the body according to the time when those drinkers drink.
Police have seized a commercial Sumo (MZ4-A-2997) and arrested two women suspected to be involved in the transportation of drugs. u drug in the body.
“The purpose of this march is to demand the immediate establishment of the High Level Committee (HLC) appointed by the Government to remove the Khar Metor from Mawlong and relocate them elsewhere. It is a place of payment of land and it should not be a place of residence in order to bring peace and stability in the Khasi Hills”.
Shillong: U Bah Sukher Nongrum, has won the election of Sordar of Raid Nongshken, according to reports.
Shillong, November 7: The Legal Rights Observatory (LRO) through its Convenor Vinay Joshi on Tuesday wrote to the Additional District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills Meghalaya and in a three page letter, the LRO has demanded eight issues related to the incident which happened on the day of the burning of Bah Kulam Nongrum, President of the Nongshat Nongkheiñ Association. On the 11th of July, 2017, there was a protest by the students carrying placards to protest against the burning ceremony.
Donboklang said that the hospital of Bah Rup Passah is well known but the Meghalaya government has not recognized it even today.
All four of them today told reporters that they are happy if any of them gets the ticket and promised that if anyone gets the ticket they will support the candidate of the party.
Regarding the land in Abri Killing, it was said that Kaikha Saprina had already handed over the land to the village in 2019, where she had handed it over to the village. The poor people and those who cannot afford to buy land, to build houses on the land, which she donated to the village, but now it is said that the Kaikha Saprina, has sold the land. Christina Mukhim, a Longkmie, has caused the people of the village to oppose.
Shillong: A group of SSA teachers in the state has announced to strike on the 5th of July which is also the Teachers' Day and another group has announced to strike on the 5th of July which is also the Teachers' Day. which warned its members not to take part in the protest.
Nongpoh, July 10: With deep concern over the attempt to take over the land at Nongsder, Ri Bhoi District by the Rangmen Cantonment Army, on Saturday, the Dorbar Shnongs of three villages including Mawpun, Pyllun, Nongsder and Dam have expressed their strong opposition to this proposal of the state government.
The suspension of Bah Pynshngain was probably expected by many people after he stood up against government jobs like MUDA, Rangbah Shnong, ban on two jobs and others in conflict with the District Council. .
“All the promises we made during the elections we cannot fulfill because the people do not give their full support to the BJP, but we are the smallest members in the government. MDA-II, what we can do is to ask the government to complete this because the power lies with the winning parties and not with the BJP”.
Swearing and rude speech on the streets have become widespread, even among the elderly, the young and even the young.
The name of God is very glorious because there is no other Creator, there is no other God except the one who made the promise between Isaac and Jacob.
The seat of Speaker of the House has become vacant after the sudden death of Dr Donkupar Roy.
In the first leg, Mookaswan Dongneiñ beat New Hill 2-0
He also stressed the need to provide health centers so that the people do not have to go to Assam or abroad for treatment.
This card is not in the name of Soo Dami Rymbai.
The union also congratulated the owners of the vehicles, Bah Balajied Kharshieng, Bah B. Nongbri and Bah Commonsing Basaiawmoit, and all the participants.
The Kur Biam demands that the law enforcement agencies should arrest immediately the BSF involved including Rajendar Kumar and his colleague who are BSF personnel of Muktapur, West Jaintia Hills.
It is involved in many processes in the body including the formation and production of collagen, iron absorption, healing of wounds, maintaining the health of joints, bones and bones.
Shillong: The Mawthei Khlieh Umtrew Joint Farming Cooperative Society (MJRD Block), Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday held a meeting with members from many villages. in Khlieh Umtrew, where it decided to accept to work with the Hill Farmers Union (HFU), as part of strengthening the agricultural activities of the Union.
The day of the celebration will conclude with a traditional song and dance performance by the youth of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij.
Wanlambok Nongkhlaw and Lerry Sangma scored 29 runs before being dismissed and are the top players in Group A of Meghalaya.
Every day, dozens of new cars leave the dealerships almost like gardens.
It is learned that some petrol pumps have stopped accepting stem cards as soon as they see the newspapers.
We understand that only Conrad can give a clear answer because he is clearer in the mind of the world.
He said the Government should introduce stricter laws to punish those involved in drug trafficking.
These include EGH: 1, EKH: 45, RBD: 2, SGH: 1, WGH: 5, WJH: 4 and WKH:
He urged the contractors to speed up the construction as there are some areas where they have just started to dig the ground.
I don't know the reason, but I know that the family members can meet if the Superintendent of Police wants,” said Tejashwi.
The meeting was led by the General Secretary of the party, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, MLA Nongthymmai and Mawlai MLA Embhah Syiemlieh.
“I tell you that during our journey, it was very difficult because there are some people who have expressed their desire to be with Meghalaya and there are also those who want to leave for Assam.
The two Ministers also met at the Secretariat in Shillong on Tuesday to build mutual trust and maintain peace and order in the border areas.
In this incident, many of the employees of the company were shot and injured by the robbers and after shooting the employees, they burnt down their house. Four employees of the company were seriously injured and were taken to CHC Nongstoin for treatment. .
To know more about the reason for the adjournment of the Dorbar, Rupang inquired from the media in Guwahati, but the media said that they did not hear any meeting and did not know about the meeting. meeting of the Minister of State for Meghalaya.
“This was a somewhat difficult decision and I was never prepared for something like this.
The CEM said the meeting also opposed the term unrepresented tribes or the appointment of other ethnic groups in the Autonomous Territorial Council and decided to recommend its abolition.
He said that through Krishi UDAN, farmers in the area can export their produce to other parts of the country and abroad.
Shillong: Despite the High Court's ban on the eviction of residents of any village in the state, the Dorbar Shnong Nongdhar in West Jaintia Hills District has decided to evict the residents of any village in the state. The Dorbar Shnong Nongdhar has decided to support the NPP MDC for violating the decision of the Dorbar in the MDC elections. Thombor Shiwat in the last MDC election and directed all the residents to elect Bah Shiwat as MDC from Nartiang Umladang.
Another point he mentioned is that those who speak Khasi are equal to the number of those who do not consider themselves Khasi unlike in other languages.
Speaking to media after the filing of nomination papers, Bah Marwein said that he will do the work of the leader, including health, education, employment and you have made a law for yourself.
Others who attended the program included TMC State Woman Selma D Shira and TMC State General Secretary Mukul Das.
In October, another woman from War Nongshken, gave accommodation in her house to a Bangladeshi, whose name alone is difficult to hear, Mehmud Ser, and she acknowledged that he was her husband, when the men of the city went to look for him.
The opening ceremony also marks the 48th birth anniversary of the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani and the 15th anniversary of the party. serve the country and the nation.
Meanwhile, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh said that the rules of the Commission are too weak and should be handed over to the Select Committee.
After the release of the 2023 report by the Center for Research on Energy and Clean Air (CREA), Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District has ranked first in the country in terms of air pollution. The Government of Meghalaya has taken action to curb this air pollution, which can affect the health of the people.
The Government of India has recognized and honored the name of TIROT SING as one of the great freedom fighters from the hands of the British and has issued a Postage Stamp in his image and name on the year 1988.
“If we are talking about the quality of the Legislators, it is time for the people to look and see who are the people who should be sent to the State Legislative Assembly,” he said. “This is the most important thing in the election of legislators so that there will be no more conflict from time to time,” he said.
The CEO said that at the time of publication, there are still about 20 Polling Stations which have not yet submitted their results due to the failure of 6 VVPATs and have to be replaced by others. that machine.
Jaden will be joined by Isaac Barashi and Patrick Heuzenroeder in the tournament which will start on 22 and 23 June at Donington Park, Leicestershire.
“In this regard, all the leaders of the 18 opposition parties have agreed to attend the meeting.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Mayral Born Syiem congratulated the Samla Pahamlapong and Pahamsohthri Association for taking the initiative to hold such a program to honor the students with the aim of encouraging and giving He encouraged the youth of the village to continue to progress and to continue to do well in their higher education.
Tejashwi Yadav, son of Laloo Prasad Yadav, has slammed Nitish Kumar for insulting his mother. and the women in Bihar.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (STP) has vowed to block the road and not allow the public hearing scheduled to be held by the State Pollution Board to be held on the 30th of this month. July 2020 at Brichyrnot.
Wild elephants roam the forests of South Garo Hills in search of food and often enter human villages during the food shortage in the forest between November and June.
But those who don't give money, even if they are wise, will lose.
When asked by reporters on the speech on the appointment of a Khasi Prime Minister, Dr Mukul said he does not like to speak on the issue, but he did not refuse to speak when asked.
“It's enough if you understand but your father will blame me for not telling you anything,” said Santi. “This year I'll fix it. Santi said, "Yes, you are right." The two workers agreed while Gratia listened. "Gratia doesn't want you. "I don't know why but I have to ask your father for permission first," she replied. "I'll go straight to you when we leave the shop. We also went to the women.
Therefore, the residents of Nongstoiñ township urge the department to expedite all the requirements, as this bridge is very important for the entire township.
Through this poem many will learn more about what happened in those periods of the year before 1826 and onwards to 1835; inside the area of ​​Khadsawphra.
In the first half, Lumparing and Synroplang played well from the start, but after half an hour Lumparing scored through Chibaral Sangma (32').
“In order for the students not to miss their studies, we have arranged to train them in other classrooms and we are pleased that we have been able to train them from one classroom to another and the attendance of the students has been regular. except for two or three who cannot come to class for personal reasons,” said Babu Khongjirem.
I encourage you to find ways to interact with the students in any way.
However, from the first time they said they didn't want to talk, they started calling for talks and suddenly that talks started today.
But the latter is more difficult than Myrna.
“We found from here to the Kshih River of the Traw River, which comes through the Lwai Bridge.
According to DIG (North Central Range) Brijesh Kumar Rai, several shops were burnt down and damaged on Thursday night.
The winners of the consolation prize are Shullai Progressive Secondary School, Sacred Heart Boys LP School, Mawlai Christian Secondary School and Christ Church Higher Secondary School.
Shillong, July 27: “Any person who is not in government service and whose income has reached T.10,000/- per month will no longer receive the National Food Benefit. Security Act”, said the Director of Food Civil Supplies and Consumer Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, Bah W.Khyllep.
Coach Bobby Nongbet will lead the team while Aibok Kharpran will be the assistant coach, Milan Nongkhlaw will be the manager and Vicky N Syiem will be the physio.
At the end of the camp, the Assistant Director of Sports and Youth Affairs, Bah Paia B War Nongbri, encouraged the athletes to be equally focused and determined to be healthy.
“Due to the rapid increase in the number of COVID-19 cases and the number of high risk residents in Pyndengumiong, , which is one of the largest places in Mairang to trade or sell, and it was found that there was a census of the people and they did not follow the COVID-19 rules and regulations of the government. to declare a Containment Zone to curb the spread of the disease.
He said that there are 44 Polling Stations and 38 of them are strong for the UDP. He said that the love of the people for Bah HDR Lyngdoh is not there and therefore, the contest is now. long beit from the voice of the people.
Beware of evildoers.
Isn't it better for them to think about their children? Those who are hurting these two injured people should stop.
On this occasion, CMCL Christian Staff donated 41,000 tyngka, 10 bags of rice, clothes and other items to the NEIMA Home Orphanage.
Speaking on the demand of the HNLC to resign as MLA of Sohra, Bah Gavin said that he came to the public service with the spirit of service.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The body of a young woman who went missing from her home in Marbisu village was found at noon on Tuesday in a riat of Traw village.
It may be recalled that the indefinite strike by Bah Ardent M Basaïawmoit, President of the Voice of the People's Party (VPP) and MLA of Nongkrem, has been extended to Tuesday. the Reservation Policy.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, James PK Sangma, was the chief guest.
“If the government does not release the arrested members within 48 hours, the party will launch strong protests,” said Bah Damonmi.
We know that the longbriew manbriew has been destroyed.
However, why should this shortsightedness of our ancestors affect the life of the Hynniewtrep people in the 21st century? Let us try ourselves not to make the same mistake that our ancestors made by SRP and Roster System are not available.
Sources said that Indian army troops were in the vicinity at the time of the incident.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong have won the Shillong Premier League 2019 by beating Ryntih FC on Saturday.
The Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the state government has decided to expand 3000 Anganwadi Centers in the state for the implementation of Meghalaya. Childhood Early Development Mission.
He said that there are about 5000 Kurs in Ri-Khasi, but there are still others who have not been counted.
However, Bah Myrchiang said that what surprises the Dorbar Shnong is that only the coal produced from Nongtalang has been forced and suggested by the robbers to set up weighbridges at Amlarem, Sohkha before being shipped to Bangladesh. through Dawki Land Customs Station.
The slaughterers should not buy from the market but should go to the farmers to buy the cows to slaughter.
“It has upset them because they know that if the people support the VPP in this election and if the people elect Dr Ricky, one day the VPP will seize power. “When the VPP took over the rule of law, we said we will fight corruption, poverty and discrimination,” said Bah Ardent.
According to information received, the body of Bah Hoping will leave his residence at Kench Trace, Shillong tomorrow morning at 8:30 or 9:00 pm with a funeral service. His body will be escorted by the East Khasi Hills Police until it reaches the border of West Khasi Hills or has gone to Nongstoin.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma tomorrow will meet with the Governor of Meghalaya, Satya Pal Malik to discuss the issue of Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. The Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act (MRSSA) has been passed after groups of various civil society groups wanted to implement it.
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, has denied the allegation by Bernard N Marak, that the National People's Party (NPP) has raided his house on the night of Saturday.
The drawing and preparation of the equipment was done by Northrop Grumman, which is seeking an estimate that the US will create a road to live and work in the East. to the moon.
The construction of this road has started since 2018 but has not been completed until
Who will die? It is very sad that at the time of the plague in Nongkyrdan, Bah SJ Duncan said, “Jar jar! Wow! and the city was destroyed.
The state government under the leadership of the Congress party in 2007 signed a contract with two prominent companies in India including Athena to implement Stage I and JP Group for Stage. II, and in 2008 the State Government at that time decided to terminate the contract with these companies.
Residents expressed concern over the continued number of vehicles parking on the bridge which could endanger the bridge.
Satan's secret schemes in which he used Jezebel until King Ahab had to obey her and in this way Jezebel led the king of Israel to worship Baal with the king. Ahab built high places for Baal and Asherah.—1 Kings 18:17-1
However, the roundtable of farmers which was held at the Convention Centre, we believe that it has been of benefit in some areas for the farmers and we hope that they have produced discussion on the challenges faced by the farmers and how to overcome the challenges faced by the farmers.
He said that the HYC went to Malchapara because all those who supported the MOU led by the MDA of the previous government said that the HYC's movement was only a political movement. but all of them wanted to go to Assam.
The MSOA has provided food and transportation by bus from Soso Tham Hall at IGP from 5:30 pm to Mawkdok. The race will start at 7 pm. :00 pm and the chest numbers will be distributed on 19th and 20th November
He was rushed to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh for serious injuries to his leg. The truck was hit by another truck.
For the students who will sit for the HSSLC, the Exam Centers will be held at several schools for 92 students across the state before the 31st of November. The results of the examination will be announced and for the students who will sit for the SSLC, the department will do its utmost to announce the results.
If the truck had not overturned, the smuggling of coal from Jaintia Hills to Panch Gram would not have been reported.
“We appeal to the people who do not want to register for Aadhaar not to panic, but to wait for the decision of the court, we have firm confidence that the court will decide in our favor,” he said. Pastor Pyrtuh speaking to reporters.
Shillong: The Sur ni Nonglai Mawlai, today submitted a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to raise many issues regarding the affected areas. There has been a lot of peace and order in the past few days following the killing of Bah Cheristerfiled Thangkhiew by the police on the 13th of this month.
I am proud to be involved in the fight against the disease and to be able to make a difference,” said Father Ambukumar Anthony.
Worship in the Spirit, and in fact this is the will of God and Jesus Christ for all those who have received His Word. Worship should not be merely a routine or a programme.
We remember that in the MDA 1.0 government, there was a committee set up to draft the CMP, but until the end of the term of the government, the CMP did not come out. .
Psalm 91:1-16, The Lord is my rock, my fortress, my stronghold... Read Psalm 91 in its entirety.
She cleans the house for convenience when returning from the market.
On the other hand, the 4th BN MLP Sohpian, sent its greetings to all by saying “Merry Christmas and New Year to all.
On Thursday, the Commissioner of Transports, Bah E.Kharmalki, in an interview with reporters, warned the public to take their own responsibility if they travel or ride in the Bike Taxi of the Rapido is for private scooty drivers who have not obtained a permit from the Transport Department of the State Government.
“Some (among the crowd) told me that they couldn’t sleep anymore.
Who is responsible for these, while DSEOs and SEOs are not responsible.
The first two winners were Ronan Bazeley Rymbai in the open category and Elhnan Jason Syiem in the rookie category.
Khliehriat, June 7: Santa Mary Shylla, candidate of the National People's Party (NPP) from 5-Sutnga Saipung Constituency, together with party leaders, at a meeting held at Byndihati village today, explained that He said that the departure of office bearers and members of the party has no impact on the party.
Shillong: Replying to a question raised by Nujorki Sungoh (UDP) on the death of two brothers in Umsalait, West Jaintia Hill, the Minister in charge of Electricity and Electricity, Shillong, said that The full report from the police and the post-mortem report of these brothers who died after being electrocuted is awaited.
The Seng strongly warns and prohibits from now on especially foreigners not to publish rumors, false news or false news to defame Ichamati village which falls within the boundary of Mawlong Hima.
“On the other hand, we would like to suggest to the Chief Minister that he should think before he speaks and when he speaks, he should speak less but let the work go smoothly,” he said. Dr. Kara.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the dispute between the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) and the Jaintia Hills District Council (KHADC) is due to the unfounded investment of politicians while the output is low.
It is not yet clear whether the man is dead or alive but the injuries were so severe that he lost consciousness.
The death toll in Spain has risen to 1,326 from 1,002 on Tuesday.
This was revealed on the second day of the month when several officers from various government departments of West Khasi Hills District including officers of the DMR and Transport departments received the order. District Administration from Monday evening to perform duty on the Nongstoin-Shillong Highway and also on the Shallang-Nongchram-Dainadubi Highway for inspection. chairman of the coal trucks of the entire area.
Balarina Syiem, District Sports Officer, Nongstoiñ, is one of the officers who has to supervise up to two places. to Mairang, Eastern Khasi Hills.
There was only a small house, and they didn't sleep.
The three day District Level Inter School Athletic Meet 2022 organized by the District Sports Officer, East Jaintia Hills District started on Tuesday at Teilang Dkhiah West Stadium. long as a guest in Stephanie's meeting.
He said he had gathered all the residents to investigate, but at first they did not tell but they refused and said they did not want to go with Assam.
“In West Khasi Hills District, there are four Himas on the border with Assam, these include the Nonglang Hima, the Jyrngam Hima, the Riangsih Hima and the Nongmynsaw Hima.
The Deputy Commissioner also directed all coal traders to comply with the rules and regulations otherwise they will face penalties.
The residents of Pamrakmai have expressed their gratitude to the Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra for its donation to the poor families in Pamrakmai on the 5th of this month.
If you don't want to fall into the traps of others, they steal with silver plates, they don't care about the sin of blood just to deceive you until you fall into it.
Continuing to condemn the appointment of Rohit Prasad, Prof. Kma said that as it happens, the VC does not have the authority to appoint except those related to teachers.
“From time to time, the union has sent a letter to the JHADC authorities to conduct the issuance of trading license to foreigners in East Jaintia as it is the duty of the Council to do so. she didn't do anything.
The Chief Minister also raised the need to address the shortage of staff in the department, which has hampered the operation of such training centers in the State.
Jowai: The MPUF on Tuesday under the leadership of Samla Kyrshan Blah President Khliehriat Circle, on Tuesday distributed food items and other relief goods to a woman who had been affected by the disease. Ibadamon Shylla is from Nongsning village in East Jaintia Hills District.
College (2) Khimusniang (3) Lion Sports & Youth Affairs (4) Iakrehlang SC Nangbah.
Shillong: 'All schools especially urban schools should follow the example of Mawlynnong to maintain and respect the cleanliness of the environment', said the Rangbah Shnong of Mawlynnong, Bah Moral Kharrymba. Class IX of KJP Girls' Hr.Sec School, Shillong who took part in the competition held on 26th March 2019 at Dorbar Hall, Mawlynnong.
New Delhi: Home Minister Amit Shah today said in the Lok Sabha that Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (PoK) and Aksai Chin are part of Jammu and Kashmir. "We are ready to die for that," he said, slamming the Congress party for opposing the withdrawal of Article 370 from Jammu and Kashmir.
Speaking at the meeting, Dharmendra Pradhan expressed his satisfaction with the signing of the MoU between NSDC and AICTE together with Bajaj Finserv to prepare youth for employment in the financial and financial services sectors. launch of a Certificate Program in Banking, Finance, and Insurance.
Due to the lack of proper records, written records and accounts when implementing any work or project under the scheme by the VECs, it is clear that many of the Secretary VECs do not understand the scheme. related to this matter.
Why is it still dark behind the homes or villages of the farmers? Many times when farmers send their children to school or college, the main dream is that their children will become engineers or officers, doctors or I.A.S.Hooid, This is not a wrong idea because they want a happy and prosperous future for their children.
On the other hand, the union demands that the Office of the Assistant Executive Engineer should take immediate action to avoid any tragic incident.
On the other hand, Chamling also demanded that President's Rule should be introduced in Sikkim.
About 5 trillion plastic bags are used every year.
The cash prizes and trophies were awarded to the winners by the chief guest, Bah PT Sawkmie and to the runners-up by Donboklang Kharlyngdoh, President HYC Mawlai Circle.
At the time of publication, the extent of the damage, the origin of the fire and the number of injured have not been estimated.
I would like to thank DH Kharkongor for his writing.
Soldier Ernest Wood Swer of Sawmer Upper Shillong has taken part in the Middle Eastern War.
Before his death, Bah RG Lyngdoh, had ordered his relatives that when he died, they should shuthang and not just bury him. their brother wanted it, they too would satisfy his wish and so they just burned him in the fireplace at Moab.
I'm not sure if it's true or not, but I'm sure you'll like it. Vpp hspd long live.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Health Minister of Assam, said that there are 735 new cases, including 552 in Guwahati alone.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The jugali have decided to sit in front of the MeECL gate from Tuesday if they do not receive their appointment letter until Tuesday.
Does the Government not have the money or are there other reasons why the Government should neglect the rural areas?
Police have registered a case at Khliehriat Police Station under Section 22(c)/25/29 of the NDPS Act and the investigation is ongoing to track down those involved in the drug trafficking.
Regarding the government's proposal, the JAC has decided to send a letter to the Minister of Electricity and the Chief Engineer to immediately withdraw the government's proposal to hand over the MeECL department to others.
The issue may be that those who live in the border areas are more willing to move to Assam because the benefits and development jobs are more available from Assam, said the people.
In Ranikor, out of 29,685 voters, 15,183 are male and 14,487 are female.
Even after requesting and writing to these two governments, they have refused, blinded and ignored the border residents and one of such villages is Mallangkohna.
The 24-year-old is one of the youngest riders to win the National Champion trophy at the Prix St George Level in 2015, winning the Advance. Dressage in Zone 8 at the 2014 FEI World Dressage Challenge.
It is common in any society that women are weaker than men in general.
So far, there are four states in India, which have been affected by the chicken pox and the search is ongoing to find out the cause of the disease.
However, the negligence of the electricity department has led to the collapse of the post light.
Loomkirwiang.
In a letter to the President, Marak said that the issuance of ST certificate to Dr Mukul Sangma by the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills, Tura is a violation of the law without proper consideration. before.
Speaking on the occasion, the Chancellor of USTM, M Hoque, congratulated all the students of Meghalaya and Assam who have passed the Matric and Class XII examinations. It is also a platform to encourage the students to continue to work hard and diligently in their higher education.
Ramdev's remarks came after he criticized foreign medicine, saying it is the science of the stupid.
“Therefore, his position to contest this election is on the issues of protecting the country and the nation as a whole,” said Bah Robert June Kharjahrin.
The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) is ready to hold the election for the new Dolloi for the Nartiang and Shangpung districts.
She said that at the beginning of the school, there were only 45 students and the literacy rate in Mihmyntdu was only 40%. 95%.
The BSF together with the BSF Wives Welfare Association (BWWA) Meghalaya have organized various programs such as games, brainstorming competitions, bank music and others.
All the wickets of South Garo Hills were taken for 41 runs less than the target set by the EGH-DCA girls. East Garo Hills includes Kambesa (2/6) and Silkamchi Marak (2/13).
The meeting was conducted by Purity Phawa, Secretary of the Forum, Chandame Sungoh, Chairman of the Forum, Thomas Passah, Senior Spokesperson, Phrit War and Tuner Lyngdoh. .
Nongstoiñ: The FKJGP Langpih Area Unit has strongly opposed the planned Nepali market in Langpih village, Mawdiangsnam Road near the Assam Police Headquarters on the land owned by Bah Hesdingstar Sanglein. Langpih Village.
“At present, they have made the district council only as an office of the state government and not as an autonomous office and this is wrong,” he said.
According to him, the presence of the FTD will remove all doubts and suspicions on any decisions taken by the EC as the Chief Executive Members are also involved in the decision-making process.
U Bah John, said that all public meetings should be suspended immediately and that all the Dorbar Shnongs should think how to deal with the death toll in the villages at such times especially when the Dorbar Shnongs should immediately suspend. the virus has been reported in 5 states of India.
“He has been arrested in a new case registered by the CID under the Prevention of Corruption Act and provisions of the Indian Penal Code,” the statement said.
“Until now, if we talk about all the court judgments and policy in many areas, we have been in conflict and that is the reason why there is a Law department, under the Secretariat, If there is no reason why they should appoint them to ensure that the policy goes smoothly, but there are ministers who choose to speak only on the judgment against them, they speak but the judgment against them does not speak. talk".
“The loss of these villages is due to the desire of the residents to go to Assam during the inspection of the Regional Committee and later they say that they want to come to the state. “It is the duty of the MDC and the Hima to ensure that this desire to be in Meghalaya,” he said.
Pastor Kyrsoibor Pyrtuh said the group will write to the Supreme Court to inform the Supreme Court about the forced use of Aadhar as it violates the rights of individuals.
The protesters blocked many roads and burnt tires, road fencing, copper bars and pipes to prevent the security forces from entering their areas.
These children were also found to be in good health.
Three persons were injured in a blast that broke out at a mar-jot shop on Keating Road, Shillong at about 1 pm on Sunday.
The celebration was held at Mawïong Rim at the residence of Bah Readington, in the presence of MEPA leaders, newspaper vendors, employees of Mawphor and Highland Post, teachers of Mari Bon Marweiñ Memorial School with family members.
You are a precious life, don't just tar yourself like a book,” she said.
Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, said that the District authorities appeal to the public to cooperate with the government authorities in order to prevent the spread of this disease. The District authorities have also taken action as directed by the government to create safety measures for the benefit of the people not only in Ri Bhoi, but in the state as a whole.
Only in the three seeds of our longbriew we do not go beyond the Tip-briew-Tip-Blei as the Long Blei has been instilled in our longbriew on earth.
This raised many questions in Rida's heart.
At the same time, he urged the State Biodiversity Management to take action to develop mechanisms to involve the leaders, groups and the public in order to achieve the conservation and protection of biodiversity. who is in this mariang.
These new rules shall remain in force until further notice.
I live in Kyndong Tuber where there are houses that go to Lapangap to farm, and by car it takes more than two hours through Mynso.
The incident happened at 12:30 pm this afternoon, when a truck carrying clinker, which was on the road from Shillong to Guwahati, when the driver of the truck overturned. , but at such a time, because he could no longer hold the steering wheel, the vehicle, which he was driving, collided with the Diveder of the road and which went to tynrah. The truck was heading from Guwahati to Tripura.
To quote from the speech of Rgh DK Dkhar, the brief history of the college is that it was founded on the 28th of July 1973, in the hall of the present Seng Khasi Hall. Mawkhar is the only college in the evening.
Referring to the preparation of KHNAM for the 2018 elections, Adelbert said that KHNAM will accept only those who have a strong foundation for the nation and not for themselves. “If there are only 6 or 7 people, we will take only those who are strong,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
Because without enough water in the dams, how can electricity be produced?
These cows have been handed over to the Police for further investigation.
Samla Roy Kupar on many issues, has also criticized the Minister of State, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, who has admitted that he has received a PhD in Politics and alleged that the PhD He has a PhD degree to deceive the people and it is also a corrupt government under the leadership of the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma which does not take into account the issues of the people.
“The Government should not delay in revealing the truth and should not claim that the report is still highly confidential,” said Bah Dundee C Khongsit, Working President. the FKJGP in a statement.
Another is to administer the Khaddar administration in accordance with the customs and traditions of the Hima and the laws and regulations which the District Council has enacted or will continue to enact and to comply with all the laws and regulations of the Hima. The Executive Committee shall appoint from time to time or from any officer authorized for that purpose and shall seek their direction in all matters relating to the administration of the Hima. .
Shillong: The Garo Indigenous Development Federation (GIDF) and the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) Northern Zone on Tuesday alleged that the illegal coal trade is still going on and therefore requested the government to stop the illegal coal trade. will take care.
These families have faced their own disasters in their lives.
Now Sarma cannot deny that the BJP has nothing to do with the MDA government,” Gogoi said.
The UDP also accused the NPP of acting alone and not owning the farmer assistance schemes like FOCOS and FOCOS+ which has increased the NPP's efforts to attract the people by distributing pigs, cattle, and T.5000 for SHGs and Producer Groups.
The Cabinet has recently announced that the Mairang District will be opened on the 10th of November and will be renamed Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
“With the departure of the MLAs from the Congress party, at first I felt like this was a difficult task but I will not resign and I will fight as hard as I can until I win,” he said.
Besides, an inquiry should be launched to reveal the facts regarding the illegal activities in the office building.
Hek said that on the second day of this month, they had a meeting with the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma and during the meeting, they discussed the issue. On the 23rd, they will bring the matter before the Minister of Home Affairs, Amit Shah.
“We have not accepted that Bah Remington will not contest from the UDP and we will have to get an explanation from him because we have seen in the media and we leave it to the discretion of the Disciplinary Committee to appoint Bah Bindo. M Lanong, Paul Lyngdoh, Pretty Pyngrope and others,” he said.
Sister Betina Kurbah, Principal Evelyne Joy Kimpat, Father in charge of Savio Juniorate, teachers and others also gave the welcome speech.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle has decided to hold a public hearing on the 30th July 2020 to appeal to the National Green Tribunal (NGT). against the proposal of Star Cement Company to mine coal on 42.051 hectares in Brishynot village.
KSU Lapangap has lodged a complaint with the DC after the visit of Assam Minister Rupsing Teron, MLA Boithalangso LAC and others on the 22nd to the border areas and alleged that Meghalaya has crossed the border. the mawpud in this place.
In the match between Pasyih and Pateinki, both goals were scored in the second half.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution of the country is the responsibility of the state government.
The tournament will continue every day at the Mawkadiang Football Ground.
The Union said that this action of the Waheh Shnong of Thangskai, has also brought shame and loss of confidence to other Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District.
Leaders of KSU East Jaintia Hills District Unit who were present included General Secretary, Kwillness Suchiang, Organizing Secretary, Samla Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Finance Secretary, Samla Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Assistant Finance and others. The meeting was conducted by Kwillness Suchiang.
Kambesa A Sangma (1/3), Senggamchi N Sangma (1/21) and Tangsilchi G Momin (1/22) took the wickets.
Those who have a thyroid gland disorder need to avoid driving.
At the meeting, the members of the Executive Dorbar, Ministers, Lyngdohs and the people of the Hima Langrin Syiemship took decisions to amend and repeal some of the old laws and introduce new ones so that The works of the Kingdom shall go smoothly and orderly.
While Dr. Kharshiing was speaking, it was seen that someone was throwing stones from the crowd towards the police station, but some Rangbah Shnongs went to stop it and it stopped.
The training started yesterday and 30 people attended.
"“These things happen from time to time especially during the rainy season and especially the presence of 10% ethanol. we do it ourselves and it comes from the company and contains 10% ethanol,” said Mr. Kennedy.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of the Superintendent of Police, Bah MB Syiem, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh. Government employees, village leaders, teachers and school children were also present. .
At the meeting, the leaders of the party said that they have sworn to unite within the party and not to divide, they have sworn to be united and not to take decisions alone. and whosoever shall die, let him die.
Also present on the occasion were Justice TNK Singh, Executive Chairman of the Meghalaya State Legal Services Authority and Justice SR Sen.
Kishan Lyngdoh will continue to lead the team as captain, who has scored 572 runs in five innings, including one hundred and three fifty runs.
He said that the KSU has stood firm not to allow any activities to be carried out that will lead to the mining of uranium. it is how to mine uranium.
Her view is that urban areas do not have the facilities to provide education with learning and practice and many children having studied in urban areas do not return to their rural villages.
However, he was not given another job but later he learned that there was no such job in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly and it was only a threat to Steven Lyngdoh.
Wahingdoh was the third team from the state to play in the I.League last season but the second after Rangdajied to play in the league for the upcoming season. .
He said that during the discussion, the Government has also decided to encourage and provide benefits to the Officers to continue their training at various Universities, which offer more degree and diploma courses. These officers shall be recruited without suspension, which means that they shall not take any leave during their training.
Lens birth tied for EGH with 41 runs off 30 balls including two 4s and three 6s.
He congratulated the new EC members to continue to work for the welfare of the community and to fight against evil deeds in the society.
She said that (L) Maieit Hopingstone Lyngdoh has also attended anti-uranium conferences in Germany, Switzerland, Hungary and other international conferences. to urge them to support the HSPDP's opposition to uranium mining in Khasi Jaintia Hills.
He said that these people had taken an illegal path to create trouble in Shella village, where the villagers were shot dead by the police, on 29th June 2019, at They demanded that these people should be arrested and punished according to the law.
Dr. Manoj Mittal, who completed his MBBS MD degree, is trained in pediatrics in Karnal, Haryana.
It raises the spirit of hieng.
Clifford R. Marak, former Chokpot MLA, has been fighting for Garoland State since 1885-86. Hopingstone Lyngdoh also fought for the Khasi-Jaintia State in the same years.
“Recently, the State Government has set up the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board (MMRB).
Dr Kharlukhi said the party has not yet decided to nominate a candidate for the Shillong Parliamentary seat.
“We are in the opposition, it is difficult to say to complete the work but we will try to speak in the House what the people need,” said Bah Ardent.
Not only that, the school fees have not been released which has hampered the growth of education.
Charles Pyngrope said it is the duty of the state government to take a decision to reduce the VAT on petrol and diesel. consumer, but it should be shared with the government too.
Teilinia brought the Zero Hour to speak in the House on the allegation that the Council's funds collected through the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin Branch have been misused. T.2 crore has been transferred to the bank accounts of private individuals.
She said that the appointment of one or more Lokayukta is harmful as it also opens the door to the arbitrariness and violence of one or more individuals.
“The bridge at Dadenggre will soon be completed to connect Dadenggre and Agia through Assam,” said Purno A Sangma.
New Delhi, Jymmang 23: Two leading Congress leaders have made it clear that Priyanka Gandhi is the only one who has been elected. bit duh and who has the ability to be a leader who will be close to the people.
Christmas reminds us of the incarnation of the Son of God, the Lord Jesus, who was full of love, mercy and forgiveness.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: U Rocky Hek, the brother-in-law of Bah AL Hek, MLA, has decided to contest the 2023 MLA election from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency.
In the final match, in which both sides played hard and showed their skills, Meghalaya scored the first goal through Bantiplang Khongnoh in the In the 23rd minute and by the end of the first half, Meghalaya had scored 10 goals.
Rangdajied have won the top spot in Group-B and Khliehmawlieh in Group-D. These teams lost in the semi final of the first round, but came back strongly. in the second half in order to defeat the opposition teams.
Shillong, Nailar 05: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) on Thursday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Indian Institute of Technology Guwahati (IIT Guwahati) to cooperate in the field of promote research in the field of Nanotechnology.
The meeting decided to hold village announcements and to send information to all those who are going to work on that day so that they can understand the curfew especially for tourists and those who are driving for treatment or that you church.
In the second half, 7 Wasa scored the three goals in the second half.
When the leaf is ready to die, it becomes soft and dry and is good for harvesting.
The 27-year-old joined Kerala Blasters ahead of the start of the season after leaving FC Goa and made his debut in Kerala's win over Bengaluru. FC to 2-1 goal.
Mawlai are the team that has not lost this year, in all three matches.
The Deputy Chief Minister, Sniawbhalang Dhar, JHADC MDCs, government officials and other invitees will be the chief guests.
On the other hand, the President recalled that the NPP initially did not have any MDCs but now before the end of the term it has received four MDCs and has taken over the rule in the District Council. The MLA should be a brother and the MDC should be a brother in office and if there is a conflict against each other, it is usually found that both of them will fight together.
When asked whether the government will implement the Inner Line Permit or Three Tier Card, Dr Mukul declined to answer but said, “We want to pass appropriate laws to prevent the influx of foreigners. outsider people".
Conrad said that there are great opportunities in Garo Hills to bring about economic development in agriculture.
“There is nothing worse than any crime, especially when the Prime Minister has hands with the insurgents,” Purno said.
The land owners together with the union went to meet the DC at his office.
The turnout in both the ADCs was 89.22 per cent for JHADC and 76.67 per cent for KHADC.
In the order issued by the District Magistrate, he said that all the people should ensure that they wear masks in public places.
Police have launched a search operation and learned that he is in Guwahati, Darjeeling, Siliguri and Dhubri.
Jeremiah 23:8.
Hi? To speak English, the soul is very strong.
Nongstoin, March 5: Due to the deterioration of the road from Marang to Rambraibah which is only 2.5 kilometers long, the leaders of FKJGP Rambrai Circle have decided to hold a meeting to discuss the issue. Through the right of inquiry, they found out that the government has already called a tender for the repair of this road and the amount allocated is 2,24,95,200 for the repair of this road.
It is learned that a terrible incident happened last night in which there was a Ramhah elephant, the biggest of all the elephants that the people of the village used to see. It is said that at that time no one dared to come out to drive away the hati ramhah.
The HNLC has called a curfew from 6 pm to 6 pm to demand the release of the Sengbhalang leaders arrested for the protest against the implementation of the ILP in the state.
The Chief Minister said that there will be a traffic jam and this will vary from district to district, but in East Khasi Hills, Shillong, private vehicles will drive odd and even. number.
“The Jowai Smart Town Project has been completed by 90% and according to their report after 10 days they have been able to complete it, and other works implemented by the urban department are ongoing,” he said. , he said.
The Shillong MP said that the Umtyra-Semasi-Nohkhara road in East Jaintia Hills, Meghalaya to Lubang in Karbi Anglong in Assam will not only increase income but also jobs. Jaintia and Karbi Anglong Districts, as they are famous for the beauty of the valleys.
His hands were tied and they were dragging him.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Sawmer SC have won the title of the First Division Football League 2022 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA).
Meghalaya, since its inception, has experienced many types of governments.
In another development, it was reported that a person who tested positive for covid-19 had gone to Babla's Shoppe, GS Road, Police Bazaar and then to the office of the Chief Postmaster General, North East Circle, Shillong. The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, in an order dated 8th November 2020, has decided to temporarily close down these places.
The Flag Code of India 2002, as amended by order dated 20th November 2022 together with clause (xi) of paragraph 2.2 of Part II, states: “The flying of the Lama in a public place or the house of leaders may The flag of the country shall be rectangular in shape, in any size or shape but the height of the flag shall be 3:2
Is it the dorbar bah of the Hynniewtrep people or is it the dorbar bah of the Christians where the speakers speak about those Christians even in other parts of the state or the world? If it is the dorbar of our community, why does the CoHSO allow such slaves in mind and spirit and those who have strayed outside our community? Yes, I don't think that in the Hynniewtrep Dotbar they will talk about our own people, but they will talk about other people outside our people who are Christians. .
Therefore, the WJHDCA has invited all schools in the district to participate in this tournament as part of opening up opportunities for boys and girls to play.
He said that this is an unfounded statement.
The line from Byrni to Pyntharkhmah runs to Umpanai.
The volunteer had been on strike from 29th to 14th July, but had suspended the strike after the state government decided to look into the special allocation. the Maratha people have claimed.
The SP was surprised how it was possible that within five minutes the robbers burnt down the shop, closed the shutter, locked the door and fled.
“Because there is no problem with the rule of law in KHADC, the government has decided that the best thing is not to introduce the Administrator Rule,” he said.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: U Bah Lumkamai Nongrum, Congress leader from Umroi constituency, has left the Congress party to support Bah MD Syiem, an independent candidate from Umroi constituency.
The residents of Shillong have suddenly left their homes to prepare for the payment of food items, within a few hours, that the Prime Minister. Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma has taken the initiative to announce that Shillong will go under curfew for the next three days.
Regarding the merger with the new government, he said that it is necessary to consider which government can work together, which is in line with the party's manifesto, to implement the policies that it is with the ownership of the land as the indigenous people own.
He said that the reason why the people want to take advantage of this fish farming scheme is because they want to get the subsidy offered by the government but not because they want to farm fish and therefore, this scheme. Instead of improving and developing the livelihood in the rice fields, it has turned the farmers into apot.
We will never forget your help.
He said that during the next three years of its rule, the NDA government will allocate T.60,000 crore through the Special Accelerated Road Development Project (SARDP) in the North East and T.30,000 crore through Bharatmala for the construction of roads. National Highway in this area.
The Government is only talking about the 14 lakh metric tonnes of coal and No.3232 and therefore the remaining 18 lakh metric tonnes of coal should be mined thoroughly.
The hospital was constructed at a cost of more than T 660 crore by the Tata Memorial Centre, including a school under the Department of Atomic Energy of the Government of India.
“Then cometh the end, when he shall have delivered up the kingdom to God, even the Father; when he shall have put down all rule and all authority and power” 1 Corinthians 15 :24-28.
This feeling raises questions regarding the Fundamental Values ​​that strengthen the Constitution of the country and the protection of the rights of minorities.
The second reason for the party's decision is after he said that many of the party leaders from Ri Lum Garo are ready to support Bah AL. Hek, who is a former Minister of the MDA Government, to take over the post of President of the party in the state.
The LRO leaders have not only accused the party, but also religious groups, this is false news and therefore the police should take action. and to do something to control such unpleasant occurrences.
Youngest Boys FC scored the first goal of the match in the 22nd minute.
In the U-17 Women's Final, Ïewrynghep Secondary School of East Khasi Hills District beat Sati Raja Secondary School of Ri Bhoi District 2-1
The meeting also decided to talk to all the Prime Ministers, Sports Ministers, Members of Parliament from the North Eastern States to seek their support in the development of sports in the country. of the dong the area.
Two houses in Mawïong Umjapung village have been destroyed by the blaze.
“In the private sector we have to look at agriculture, food processing, tourism and in the service sector which are important parts of the economy.
“Even now, they come thohmut thohmat but when it comes to 1 pm, they are very tired,” he said.
Eleven persons have been arrested under the Excise Act.
After the arrest, the Sohra police took the two men to the Sadar police station.
These words of this great thinker can be said to be in line with the current Government Fruit Preservation Centre, Shillong.
Shillong: The Nongjri Association, Shillong, Shillong, has announced through a press release that it will hold its 59th General Meeting Cum Social Meet on the 29th March 2022 at the KJP Assembly Conference Hall, Shillong from 1 pm. At this meeting, the Seng will also award prizes to the students of Nongjri who have achieved high marks in the examinations like SSLC, HSSLC and Degree since 2020, 2021, 2022 who are from Schools, Colleges, Universities or Institutions.
“As the party has always informed the state government, we will stand on the ground that we have not accepted the railway line until the ILP is implemented in Meghalaya,” he said.
While you are in school, remember that the clothes are very attractive.
The filling station is known as the Highway Carrier Refilling Center and is owned by Paul Keising Nongrum and CL Sethia.
He said that 10 kilograms of plastic can produce 2 kilograms of fertilizer.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included RM Kurbah, DC Ri Bhoi, Victor Rani, MDC Jirang, Dr M Mawrie, DMHO Ri Bhoi, Raynonald. Kharkamni, Vice-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board, the superintendents of the school and the Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat area.
Commenting on his arrest, opposition leader and BJP MLA Suvendu Adhikari confirmed that police knew where Shahjahan was. he was there, and they arrested him just to make fun of him.
In the women's U-17 category, North Garo Hills beat West Khasi Hills 1-4, West Garo Hills beat South West Khasi Hills 0-4 South Garo Hills beat East Khasi Hills 0-6 goals and East Jaintia Hills beat East Garo Hills 7-1
The RJTA through its President Paila Kordor Lyngkot has expressed its concern over the theft in the market.
He said that perhaps one of their problems is that they have to dig and carry the soil from Sung and if they have to walk it will take at least four or five hours to come and go.
The Joint Action Committee of Namchiang Narpuh (Tongseng-Ratacherra), East Jaintia Hills, has expressed its deep sorrow over the failure of the government through the NHAI to repair the NH-6 as promised.
"“This act of theirs, makes us as the Shnong to take this step to warn so that others who intend to do evil will not dare anymore, at the same time such acts are a violation. “It is unacceptable,” said the Secretary of Umrit Village.
In the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, the number of seats will be increased from 30 to 34 seats, of which two out of four seats will be reserved for women.
That is why the Book of Revelation says: “And we have overcome him by the blood of the Lamb (the blood of Jesus)” Revelation 12:1
“He said the Government believes that the peace talks should be held directly with the top leaders of the HNLC. “I would like to appeal to the top leaders of the HNLC, the door is open for talks.
The Meghalaya High Court, through two judges, issued an order on June 5, 2022 ordering the suspension of the all recruitments on the grounds that at the time of calling for recruitment, Government departments and other agencies have to follow the Reservation Policy, because they do not display the Roster System or They did not specify how many posts were allocated for different ethnic groups under the Reservation Policy at the time of the call for applications.
Songthiang, along with another local fighter, has qualified and been selected for the World Combat Games in Pankration, to be held in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia in April this year.
T.1000 per month for up to 6 months and if they continue to violate, they will be punished under section 176 of the Indian Penal Code.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) through the Taxation Department has visited Umkiang village, Narpuh District, East Jaintia Hills to close down 13 shops without permits. in this village.
He demanded that the government should take strong action against the Assam police.
Let the mater appear a fourth night hence for the State to respond and make alternative arrangement.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Bobby Nongbet, District Sports Officer, Ri Bhoi, in the presence of Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of the RBYF, Bah Lambok Rymbai, President of the Nongpoh Sports Association. Marcus Martin and many others.
This year, we allocated funds based on increased demand," she said.
“In fact, the government through the Department of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary should go to the field to count how many cows have been affected and can no longer milk or drink their milk. disease and how healthy they are because not all the cows are sick but the production is really affecting the farmers," he added.
I'm very happy to hear the songs he's written for those who don't do the work he doesn't hide.
When asked by the BJP leaders in the state, they admitted that many MLAs from the party in the state have met with the BJP leaders in Delhi to discuss the political situation in the state. this state.
“Parliament passed this Act in 2013 and it has been implemented in all factories since 2014 that factories should allocate 2 percent of their revenue to CSR,” he said. after the meeting was over.
The Government has so far received more than 480 applications and has allocated T.7.1 crore to build about 75 homestays,” he said.
I also express my gratitude for the dedication and skills of Ian Campbell, the legendary Olympian and the team leading this programme.
Their Environmental Impact Assessment does not indicate whether they have received or not permits.
There was also a heated argument in the Dorbar on this issue which led to a personal statement from the CEM of KHADC against Bah PN Syiem , Leader of the Opposition He said that Bah PN Syiem, if he goes according to the custom, is not from the kur or the household to hold the post of Syiem.
This is our request to the government so that the fight against Covid-19 will not be stingy in the state.
Do they give only those whom the government wants or only those who are lucky?
Not only do these organizations harass our fellow citizens in the border areas, but they want to turn Meghalaya into Bihar.
However, if we have a government that allows people to do whatever they want, there will be individuals and groups who are willing to collect taxes (loot, in fact) without fear.
In fact, if the government or those organizations have the spirit to help us the farmers who are only Khasi, they can stop the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh. “We have become spectators on the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh,” he said.
He also urged the state government to direct the police to closely monitor the entry and exit of foreigners in Byrnihat and other places so that these Bangladeshi suspects who live in Kokrajhar, Assam will not come quietly. within the state.
“That's what I didn't tell you,” said the owner of the shop. “It's time to leave,” said Gratia. picnic but she didn't want to tell until it was too late.
The good news is that this village is in peace and harmony in almost all matters, from village works, development works, schools, church works, there is a mutual assistance in life and death, but in the election of leaders there is freedom to choose as the citizens wish.
Kongthei Daplin asked again as she walked away.
Nongpoh, Naitung 08: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the residents of Ri Bhoi District to reduce the use of plastic waste management. (Amendment) Rules, 2021 and as authorized by Section 29 of the Environment (Protection) Act 1986 (Act 29 of 1986) requires that there be rules prohibiting the use of plastic and also the production or manufacture of plastic. that plastic.
Children, children, the elderly, day laborers and residents of the village are now living in fear and can no longer go to work because you have imposed a curfew.
Marweiñ said that the party will continue to crack down on foreigners especially those who work illegally in Mawlai through the SLO. The plaintiff against the state government, Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited ( MeECL), on Tuesday questioned whether there is any consistent basis to show why some areas have to experience more hours of power outage than others in Meghalaya these days.
Jyotipriya Bhattacharjee of St. Margarets Higher Secondary School, Shillong came second with 570 marks.
Of these 75 cases, 58 cases are from East Khasi Hills including 38 cases from Armed Forces and 20 cases from civilians, 4 cases from North Garo Hills and 12 cases from West Garo Hills including 11 cases. the Armed Forces and one civilian and one in West Khasi Hills.
However, government employees are exempt from holding posts in religious groups, tribes and kur where this Act will not apply.
“I will seek information on this incident and I will ask the accused woman to come first and take action on this matter,” he said.
For more information, please contact +9
The reason why there are writings about the divorce between husband and father is because there is no responsibility of the father.
He said that meat is a food that not only people can eat but other diseases also eat meat and therefore it is necessary to clean and cook it but the manner It is very difficult to do that in Ri Khasi.
The Government of Meghalaya has approved to reject the recommendation of the NCPCR to amend the Mines and Minerals Policy,
Similarly, it is difficult to expect that the attempt to resolve the issue will happen immediately, because it must take its own time according to the time to bring forward those general issues that can be accepted by all. per day.
These transmitters have been installed in 84 districts in 20 states.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Moobakhon, through the Waheh Shnong Pros Dkhar, has decided to ban foreigners from entering the country due to the spread of Covid-19 in Assam. the village.
He added that until now we have been imprisoned and attacked from time to time and that happened when we opposed the CAB until it became the CAA and This shows that in the past the Government of India has attacked us with guns and now the Government of India has attacked us with illegal laws which are not in line with the rights and sovereignty of the people.
“Prof. Kma said that this decision was taken after the VC requested for three days to look into these demands put forward by the JAC including the dismissal of the workers. Rohit Prasad has been appointed as the Senior Consultant of the University.
However, we have seen that although the State Government in the past years has passed resolutions to demand the suspension of the implementation of the MMDR Act 1957 and the Forest Conservation Act, he did not accept and this has caused problems to the indigenous people.
It is clear that the heart of the India@75 and lyngkhuh anniversary of Meghalaya has already been shattered, where the skills of the guards from the state have been destroyed, acted unfairly and counted dewthala by the acts of violence and violence. without counting the number of people in the houses of the government.
On the other hand, the BJP MDCs have alleged that the JHADC has no funds because the Meghalaya government through the Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma has recently released Rs 45 crore to the JHADC. U Conrad K Sangma has refused to dismiss a petition filed against the Lokayukta in the Meghalaya High Court, as demanded by the Congress party.
On the 5th, when the EC of the Shnong and the Seng Samla Leaders were summoned, the Rangbah Shnong said that the Block I Dorbar of the Shnong has been held and requested the EC to approve the approval. you're late.
He said that as it has stood from the beginning, the KSU stands firm until today, to oppose the uranium mining project by any means.
The awards were presented by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District in the presence of DSO, WJH, Khroobok Passah and others.
Therefore, as in the year – 20 on the right and 20 on the left, let the government equalize the salary according to the demand, “Equal pay for equal work”.
I AM VERY RESPONSIBLE FOR YOUR CARD:- Comparing your children and showing them the example of what you did when you were a child is one of the biggest mistakes that parents make.
As part of the Christmas celebration, Ma Pyndap Shadap, C Phawa, H. Sungoh together with their friends and Ma Dawan Lyngdoh MDC Mynsngat Khanduli donated sleeping bags to the residents of Thangrong Village. which is known as Jrilaskor in the Karbi people.
During his visit to Irpin, Orlando also visited the schools and talked to some of the students of various schools.
Meanwhile, a government newspaper reported that they are planning to relocate the Jowai Civil Hospital to a new building after the completion of the construction.
In the women's category, Ivorian Marie-Josee Ta Lou crossed the finish line in 10.97 seconds ahead of Germany's Gina Lueckenkemper and Imani-Lara Lansiquot. I'm not sure what to do.
They graduated from the same school and their soul objective, is to win the next elections, even if that means dividing people.
Pankaj Roy and Prakash Uniyal took two wickets each.
of Meghalaya have donated blood on this day.
He said that the union has no objection to the owner of the wine store, if he follows the rules of the Excise department and at the same time the union has expressed its concern over the expenses of the shops. kyiad along the road, which has also affected the society and especially it is a shame to say so that the Christian State.
On the other hand, the speakers on the occasion, urged the people living near the river, to refrain from killing the Dohkha, as a medicine. closing jars, throwing jars and other methods of killing fish.
PN Syiem has sent his resignation letter to Ivanlumlang Marbaniang President of the party, alleging that the current leaders of the party have ignored him. and also in the re-establishment of the PDF office in Mawsynram, where no one has consulted with him.
The teachers who left the school founded by Rev.H Robert are skilled teachers and the Principal said that their resol for last year was 98%. “But we have almost reached 100% out of 100% but because one teacher was ill and could not take the examination,” said Kong Khongwir.
The shortage is from the benches and desks where the children had to sit on the ground during classes which was very difficult.
WSF is committed to providing comprehensive services to children and has now set up its training centers in many towns in Haryana, and will expand its branch across the country. around India to provide services to children by guiding them to provide adequate playgrounds, sports equipment for children with sports talents.
“That is the issue that the people should know, maybe it is because they don't pay the electricity bill or maybe they don't have employees and we can't blame anyone for that but according to this RTI “It is clear that there is something behind the fact that we have received only 5 districts,” said Bah Disparsing.
The court also said that her remarks against the Prophet Muhammad were selfish, politically motivated or hidden.
“Regarding the upcoming elections, we appeal to all political parties to please think carefully about what you say and how you speak and act, and not to cause division and hatred,” he said. Speaking to reporters after the emergency meeting of the SAFF, SAAF President Bishop Purely Lyngdoh said that the situation in the country, the North East and especially in Assam and Meghalaya has reached The border where religious leaders have to stand and speak, as well as to call upon the citizens of the State to be aware and to be vigilant regarding the situation around them.
The PDF today held a meeting of its General Council to discuss the issues that it has put forward to join the NPP and at this meeting it was decided. that not only the MLAs but all the office bearers will join the NPP on the 6th of June.
“(We have requested that) the reservation of 80 per cent of the jobs except in the private/organized sector should be given for the people of Ri Lum Khasi of Meghalaya,” said Saibon.
How to avoid this terrible act:-First of all women should carefully examine your behaviour, avoid walking too late at any time especially in places where safe.
The shyngyiar and umpohliew which used to be near the forests which produce and supply fresh and fresh drinking water cannot be found on the back or at the foot of the kseh hills for more than 25 or 30 years.
Rameo Lamin, who urged the parents of the village to appreciate education and to send their children to school, gave a speech of blessing and encouragement. this school or to other schools, but to be in darkness as in the days of our ancestors.
Lumparing SC and Mawlai SC have won the first leg of the Women's League tournament organized by Shillong. Sports Association and which started yesterday on the 19th.
We should not be leaders to enrich ourselves, but this does not mean that we should forget our own country.
Ethnic groups from Nagaland and other states of India in the past few days have requested the Prime Minister – Narendra Modi to look into and manage the the Naga Peace Talk.
However, after a year, the investigation has been completed and on 18th June, 2023, the detailed investigation report has been submitted to the Lokayukta.
Therefore, in order to prevent such a disaster from happening again in the state, it is the duty of everyone to take responsibility by protecting themselves before it is too late.
The Israeli attack could lead to more international incidents as countries have come forward to express their support for Israel or Hamas/Palestine.
While the BJP office in Thoubal district was being attacked, another party office in Wanjing in the same district was attacked.
Rupang: The public meeting in 2013 at Madan Student, the crowd at that time was in the tens of thousands, and the voice of the people at that time through you the leaders of the Sengbhalang and in At the same time through the people at that time they wanted to get the ILP, so you now even if you are no longer in the political parties maybe you still have your feelings, you see that there is still a way now to fight for Joe Marweiñ: According to my view, I see that the Government of Meghalaya which has decided in the Assembly to implement the ILP is responsible for the implementation of the ILP. I really want that ILP because if you look at the Government of India, you see that they appear in the newspapers that you don't want ILP or you don't want the Sixth Schedule.
On Friday night, the wrestlers who competed were Bah Alan, Everson Thangkhiew, Margaret Pathaw, Alexander Lyngdoh and Hubert Paliar.
Bah Syiem said that the signs will be clearer by November
However, it was Synrop who scored through Meban Wahlang and Basuk Bina.
The sudden appearance of Ampareen to contest the MP election has stirred up politics in the NPP as there are no other candidates like HM Shangpliang, Dasakhiat Lamare and George B Lyngdoh. Speaking on the occasion, Am Pareen said it is up to the party who will decide and as a public servant she is ready to carry the responsibility to serve the people.
Noting that the smart road from Rhino Point to Laban Last Stop has not yet started, Shullai said that the proposal to install CCTV cameras in the Cantonment area has not been taken up by the team. implementation even after continuous advocacy for this important area.
“This announcement has caused a loss of confidence among the people to buy and eat cow's milk and drink cow's milk,” he said. ways and means to regain the trust of the public to eat meat.
“The meeting of KHDUA has decided to meet with the Chief Minister, the Minister of DCA and the Governor in these days to discuss the Constitution of District Councils Rules, 2013”. said Bah Pynshngain and added that this Bill cannot be said to be dead but it is alive and will work.
Shillong, Iaiong 11: Police have found the body of an unidentified man at 7:50 pm today. It is believed that the body belongs to a man aged 45-4 year.
This insect is only about half an inch long, and about 10 inches wide; and her whole body was like a white powder.
“I want to stand up to defend the rights of the people, in the rules of procedure of the HNLC and I also request the members of the KSU, that if we do not unite only under the leadership of one party, How can we unite with the 13 parties, which are fighting, for the demand for ILP in the State”.
“Riia, do you want to pay...?” He said, “De.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has measured the rainfall from 8.30 am to 5.30 pm.
About nine members of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) have been arrested by the police for allegedly throwing stones at the police and magistrates who tried to prevent them from gathering inside the Secretariat today. on Monday.
He told the administration of the private school that he wanted to transfer one of his children to another private school.
The meeting discussed the issue of where the officers should go and this will be discussed,” he said.
Other new office bearers of the Union include Heibormi Lamare as Student-Editor, Naphisabet Latam as Secretary Cultural Affairs (Music & Drama), Hameisainkupar Shadap as Secretary Debate & Symposium, Damesha Lyngdoh as Secretary Indoor Game & Sports, Eningstar Lytep as Secretary Outdoor Games & Sports, Hilarity Dkhar as Secretary Social Services, Banteiskhem Suchiang as Secretary Boy's Common Room and Obedience Lapasam as Secretary Girl's Common Room.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong, Bah A Lyngdoh, said that this is the biggest day in the village as the road has been in poor condition for a long time.
“I am telling you for the first time that at the time of my birth, there were those who told my mother that my daughter was a slave, so she should be killed.
In the midst of tears of joy, Anumahasa Sna said, "If I were not literate I could have reached this level"
Shillong, July 26: The Mairangbah Village Youth Association (MAYA) will honor actress Sylvania L Mawlong who won the Best Female Actress Award at the Prag Cine in Guwahati, Assam recently.
The UFC has announced the schedule of the Road to UFC Season 2 Quarterfinals to be held in China in the coming days of this month. .
However, just in the last few days a lot of things have come up that have completely disturbed public opinion across the country ranging from the beef ban, the abrogation of Article 370 in Kashmir, the attempt to violate the Right to Information Act 2005, the NRC (National Register of Citizens) which makes more than 19 lakh stateless people, the hidden meaning behind the CAB (Citizenship Amendment Bill), the decline value of money, all the way to the worst recession in economic history that we have never seen before.
Don Bosco Technical School Shillong has been serving for 100 years in the service of training youth in various fields ranging from car makers, carpentry, electrical engineering and others. They have received training at Don Bosco Technical School.
“It is to be recalled that Meghalaya in collaboration with SIAL, has started hosting this tournament for the first time in 2019 and this is the second time that buyers and sellers from all over the country have participated in the tournament. parts of the region including countries from South East Asia came to participate.
He said he had been informed that she had disappeared since the morning of 28th November.
Shillong, July 3: A total of 144 teachers from East Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills alone have been dismissed, 52 from East Khasi Hills and 92 from Jaintia Hills. whom the CBI has found to be illegally appointed.
The tournament was opened on Tuesday (10th) at the stadium.
The hearing of these cases will be held on November 26,
On the request of the JSU to the JHBA to increase the fees and to take the same fees for all the parents of students at different levels, the JSU leader said that they will The Association has decided to discuss these issues with the parents especially those who have two or more children who are still studying.
On the other hand, Sarot I Man has honored journalists on this day to commemorate the Independence Day of Journalists to express their right to inform the public or the 'World' Press Freedom Day is celebrated all over the world.
These knives, which bear the “Z” mark, were also seized by Ukrainian troops and Ukrainian flags.
pc, will remain fully operational until October 3, 2023.
Bah HM Shangpliang said that the Ri Bhoi Police have not taken action to arrest the people involved in the robbery of the mother's house of a rape victim. The police have not arrested the people involved in the attack on the ASHA worker, just because she helped the family who suffered the tragedy.
Furthermore, during the meeting with the SDO, the SDO explained that the reason for the power outage in Ri-Bhoi Sepngi is due to the shortage of staff and also the lack of payment. The union said that it is the duty of MeECL to provide the staff so that the electricity bill will be stable in the area.
The family members of the deceased have informed the Rangbah Shnong and the villagers have gone out to search for her but have not found her.
Shillong, Naitung 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya on Monday said that the government cannot announce publicly the report submitted by the committee of inquiry into the shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
This was announced by SG Esmatur Mominin, this evening, after the Prime Minister, was unable to visit these places personally, due to the natural disaster and unable to walk from the sky. sha kit that bag.
At the same time, the State Government will take measures to maintain peace and security of the residents.
These 56 land thefts have been in 11 districts since 1st July this year.
The tournament is part of the opportunity for players under the age of 20 to showcase their talents.
They were booked under Section U/S 34 (6).
Subas Maring of Mawdiagum village was injured and Starling Dohling escaped without injuries.
From Heirtami Passwet.
When it comes to talking about this issue, it is necessary to set aside the SPTS buses which pass through the Mawlai Petrol Pump Junction to Mawlai Mawdatbaki, Lad Umjan.
The entire village of Tuberkmaishnong has strongly condemned this person and has urged the law to punish severely such people who try to discriminate against religion and race.
All members of the public are cordially invited to attend the program.
The election was conducted by Bah Mawshabor Ryntathiang, Advocate.
In Garo Hills, the counting of nomination papers was very successful with the participation of supporters.
The manager of the petrol pump, Sampat Sharma, has lodged a complaint with the police.
The Dorbar Shnong Raliang on the 23rd of this month held a meeting to discuss the incident and the seizure of explosives by the Raliang Police Out Post.
The Bill, which has been sent to the State Government and the Governor, has started returning to the District Council with the directive to consider and review it once again and send it back through the same channel once it has been approved. standing shadow.
UP RMSA won the semi final match of the 2013 FIFA World Cup at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai on Thursday.
To find out or see government employees who want honors or awards from the government by fighting against the blockade of offices of the party, all units and circles have been directed to take care of those government employees who go to work during the office blockade, said Bah Marbud.
In another match, Maw U Tieng SC and Ïasnohktilang FC shared 10 points each after scoring 10 goals each.
“We are deeply saddened by the services of 10 lakh doctors, who are at the forefront of the fight against this disease, when they were called as doctors,” said the petition.
Ahmed Patel, one of Sonia Gandhi's closest disciples, died this morning at a hospital in Gurgaon.
Shillong, Lber 05 : The North Eastern Indira Gandhi Regional Institute (NEIGRIHMS) on Tuesday celebrated its 13th Anniversary with various programs held at the NEIGRIHMS auditorium.
“I'm sorry you've been late for work...” said Riia when she entered the shop. “Not at all when I met you...” said Bahnah. Riia was surprised. “Yes, I am very happy to see you too...” Bahnah said again. Riia laughed and they continued to drink the sha.
May through this little writing of mine be a communion with you especially those who are sick and suffering in these ways that hold your mind.
At the same time, she encouraged the students and teachers to explain to their families and the community so that they can get information on how to protect themselves from TB. She stressed the need to work together so that the goal of eradicating TB from Meghalaya and the country by 2025 will be a success.
It is learned that Bah HDR Lyngdoh suddenly collapsed while attending a meeting at Mawmaram at about 3:00 pm.
Tiplang Dkhar was arrested by the Jowai Police Station near Thomas Jone College.
Many non-Catholics have also been watching all the way.
Everyone was also given a sword and a spear, which shows that it is the commandment to “earn righteousness” from one's parents to one's household and the stronghold of one's life is righteousness. and 'truth' and this law cannot be replaced or reconciled with other thoughts if he wants the 'erpyngngad of life to be clean in him and in his seed;
Conrad K Sangma should have resigned immediately since the incident but even now it is too late for him to take a decision to temporarily resign these policemen, said Bindo. M Always.
As valuable and responsible citizens, that is only the standard of living that is adequate and fulfilled, that religious faith teaches.
He said that five players have been selected from the association but one of them has not been able to take part in the World Championship because there was no qualification.
The UGC's decision came after receiving letters from the Central Universities in the North East and the State Governments of the North East regarding the directive of the Ministry of Education, the Government of India through Notification No. 65-4/2020-CU.II dated May 13, 2022, sent to the Registrar of North-Eastern Hill University and to the Registers of the five Central Universities through a letter from the UGC No. .F.13-11/2020(CU) dated May 19, 2022.
“Vehicles are less likely to be stolen as compared to two-wheelers.
The protest will be a warning to the people and it was announced that the protest will be held across the state, where bombs, ksing and others will be used to force the government. India has not repealed the Citizenship Amendment Act.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: Ka Seng Khasi (Kmie) Mawkhar, Shillong will hold a prayer meeting for all the young men and women who will sit for various examinations at the party headquarters on the 15th Mawkhar at 12 noon.
Shillong, Nailur 14: Meghalaya will host the 62nd Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 to be held in New Delhi from 19th to 26th July 2023 at Saiden Secondary School. Nongpoh School, the winner of the State Level Subroto Mukherjee Cup Football Tournament 2023, will represent the state in the U-17 Women's category.
This is because they are afraid of losing their Father's family.
His motto was, “Go forward, fight hard, and never give up.
Another candidate who has filed his nomination papers today is Bah Richard Shabong from the CPI.
Nongpoh: To inform the residents of Umsamlem village in Ri Bhoi district, who have suffered the loss of the village over the presence of a parad who has tested positive for COVID-1 Hek, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. A. War, Director, DHS (Mi), District Administration of Ri Bhoi District and Doctors Dr. H. Gordon Roberts. Hospital Shillong, have visited Umsamlem village, to explain to the public what happened and especially regarding the case of COVID-19 in Parad from that village.
A copy of the report obtained by Rupang shows that the two junior engineers did not follow the directives of the BDO to perform their duties in relation to the The BDO had sought a reply on 20th July 2014 from these engineers including Primodora Mawkhlieng and Donishi Mawlong but Donisha Mawlong did not reply and only Primodora Mawkhlieng. gives you the answer.
His highest score was 343 runs against Sikkim and if this continues, he could surpass that target tomorrow.
Symptoms of measles include fever, headache, chills, chills and chills.
One of the arrested persons was identified as Huirem Herodas Meitei, 32 years old.
This was announced by the Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, who said that the police are investigating to arrest the suspect.
Earlier, in a speech in the Lok Sabha, Sangma demanded that the Indian government should withdraw the Act from the entire North East.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: Meghalaya Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday visited West Khasi Hills to inspect the health centers in Nongstoin.
The General Secretary of the JSU, Samla Treiborlang R Suchen said that as the leaders of the JSU, they should have the spirit of serving the country and the nation without seeking glory or benefit without thinking of themselves. He said that the government has delayed in providing the CUET examination centers as soon as possible. He said that the union is ready to cooperate with the police and the village headmen to curb the entry of drugs into the country. region and to the villages and to the state.
A teacher, Abu Taleb, who teaches Hindi at Lakhipur High School in Goalpara district, has been charged with writing on social media, “To vote for Narendra Modi's BJP. , it's like throwing a stick at the ksew.
It's been 6,000 years.
Shillong, Naiwieng 12: Tomorrow, truck drivers with flags will march to the dewbilat factories in Lum Shnong.
Only 26,629 thousand out of 51,280 students from 656 schools passed the SSLC examination held at 157 centres.
Today, a record number of new airports have been built in India, connecting cities by flights.
“Tell me, only one state, ruled by the Congress or the BJP, has electricity all day and night.
Shillong, June 4: Four civil society organizations from Jaintia Hills including SRS-EJH, AJYWO-Seng Kmie, KSU-JHDU, HNYF-EJZ and FKJGP-KC will hold a public meeting tomorrow. The meeting was held at the Community Hall Khliehriat West at 11 pm. The meeting was held to discuss the demand for the repair of the road. NH 44 from Soomer to Malidor.
After all, marriage is something that the God of the Bible instituted from the beginning (Gen. 2:24).
“I urge you to take action and provide the necessary assistance and support to the mother of this deceased child,” said the letter sent by the Commission to the Chief Secretary.
It is learned that the attacker, armed with heavy weapons, entered his house and while Jammal was going out to look, the attacker shot him without forgiveness.
Shillong: Union Minister and BJP leader Amit Shah on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is the “leading state in corruption” compared to other states in India.
We long to have people who are suitable in knowledge, in mind and especially in humanity.
Ma Pala owns 9 non-agricultural land worth T.31.26 crore while his wife owns 8 land worth T.74 crore and a street house worth T.48.5 crore. amount.
We think that wealth, honor and material possessions are the means of happiness in life (dailymail).
The distance from Umjarain to Lyngkhoi is 22 km.
She said that there has been no allocation of funds for the expenditure on public information and there has been no management of the fund or excessive withdrawal of the fund from other accounts. part of this expenditure.
Explaining about the scheme, Dr. Pohshna said that the scheme is reserved for the poor women.
According to him, the runway of the airport needs to be extended from 110 meters to 1750 meters to accommodate ART aircraft. The answer received is that there are no companies who want to operate small aircraft from this port.
However, for more than 10 years, the HSLC has been renamed the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) Examination.
The MLA also urged the Prime Minister to take immediate action on this issue so that the people living on the border can receive the development grants provided by the Central Government through the Ministry of Home Affairs.
Since mid-April, the price of petrol has risen by T.3.24 per liter and diesel by T.3.74 per liter due to the depreciation of the Indian rupee. the purchase of crude oil, became very expensive.
It is to be recalled that in the past few months, the Police Department has conducted examinations for the recruitment of vacant posts.
However, the fact is that the Government has not yet announced the issues to be discussed in this Special Session, which shows that it is still a dream.
On this occasion, there were also foreigners who were selling in the market without proper documents and the Enforcement Police have ordered them to collect the goods.
In another match, Umphrup SC beat Risa Colony 3-0 with the goals scored by N Nongbri 23', W Nongbri 48' and B Kharumnuid 54'
These are the leaders who even though they are no longer in this world but their names are still alive and speaking to this day.
He said that the convening of these DISHA meetings is part of the MP's responsibility to review the implementation of all the programs of the central government and also to look into the issues such as the beneficiaries. benefits are met.
When they arrived at 8 pm, the place where they were staying was very quiet and found that they were sleeping in their own room.
Petrol vehicles are driven by running the engine slowly while diesel vehicles are driven by the accelerator.
The Government should now set up an Expert Committee to discuss the Reservation Policy, by suspending the recruitment of jobs in the state until it is complete, he said. Lum Jaintia to be surprised to elect leaders who work for the future of the nation.
I was sure that few months from now, we will be able to meet all these needs," he informed.
After her speech, the book was launched by Paiem Phylla Singh Syiem. Before the launch, the Paiem gave a short speech in which he explained the differences between the languages ​​from one village to another. He said that the presence of hundreds and thousands of languages ​​spoken by our Khasi in their respective villages shows that the Khasi people are the richest in languages ​​and from the presence of There is still a need to improve the spelling of Khasi books.
In East Garo Hills, 2 cases are at high risk.
However, the incident on 22nd November 2022, will be an incident to not waste the blood of the border guards in the border areas and to force the Government to stop the incident in Mukroh. it will be the last time this will happen.
According to police sources, Kumar was with a friend on a motorcycle while they were on their way to Nilwagre Border Outpost from Doomdomma for border patrolling.
Along the way he always remembered her appearance and tone of voice, which were quiet.
He said that when he turned to other political parties, they have their own principles and issues.
The urgency to get vaccinated is starting to reduce among people.
If it is not caught by the person who commits it, it will spread to his relatives.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government has taken measures to collect information about all the students who have had to leave their homes after the incident. and severe confusion.
Even this writer, when he was a child, when he started to listen to the stories of others, he heard only that story of the Nongshohnoh throwing stones at women, but when he remembered himself, he remained in darkness and wonder. When he was a child, he followed his father to Mawsadang.
Regarding the violence against children, Kong Kharkongor said it is time for the society to think again and stop it.
She said that it was decided at the meeting to have an early warning system to warn of earthquakes.
It may be recalled that on the 24th of March, Rupang had a special meeting with Bah Daiostar Jyndiang, the driver of Maieid Hoping who used to be with him until the day of his death. and during this meeting I had the opportunity to discuss with him many issues.
The union also urges the law enforcement authorities not to take this case stingy but to search until they find these people and will punish them severely according to the rules of law, so that such people will not There should be no more in the villages and townships so that women and children can walk peacefully in their villages.
The meeting was conducted by James S Lyngdoh, Working President, in the presence of George B Lyngdoh MLA, Bajop Pyngrope, MDC. it will destroy the farmers and end the support price of agricultural products, it will allow the free purchase of agricultural products and it will allow the rich to disrupt the market of the farmers and then it will It will also eliminate the division of powers between the Government of India and the State Governments and will also affect the employment opportunities of the farmers in the country.
In India and abroad as well, the people are struggling to get those foods and agricultural products that are free of pesticides or organic foods produced and processed with fertilizers that do not harm health.
On the other hand, KSU President Lambokstar Marngar warned the indigenous people against the ILP and said that if they want to live in the state, they should leave.
Peace and Happiness.
Saramai Tariang, District Commissioner (G) West Jaintia Hills as the Chairman of the Board of Directors, Rising Kharngi, Scout Master, Siami Shylla, District Organizer (G) gave a brief explanation on the Gandhi Jayanti Week while Adiam U Bthuh, Jt.
He said that on the night when the police raided his residence in Rimpu Bagan, the OC of Tura phoned him and sent him to report to Sadar Police Station, Shillong. Two Boleros and a Gypsy came and stopped near Bethany Hospital at 12 noon.
The Apot durim is not based on the story of Tiewlarun written by Rabon Sing Kharsuka, but it was written by Lamkynto according to the requirements of the story without any difference from the middle of the story.
“The law applies to everyone, whether it is the brother or sister of a minister or anyone else,” he said.
The complaints of the leaders from one party to another appear to be selfish although they often state that the purpose of leaving the old house to move to the new house is to provide a service that better for the people.
Justine Dkhar said he joined the BJP on the grounds that the BJP is a party of the people accepted by all the people in India.
We have seen that the power of the Dorbar Shnongs has weakened to a great extent, and there are also areas which are sometimes led by non-tribals.
At the same time, he reminded that CCTV and web casting has been installed at Polling Stations without Internet Connection and those who carry more than 50,000 rupees will be arrested. the need for that money.
“This is happening because we need to talk to all the different groups and only after that will we be able to take a decision,” he said.
The victim was identified as Lucks born S Sangma of Kotchu Adok village, Purakhasia.
The new Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Sarma, has promised to set up 50-60 new police stations along the border with Meghalaya.
Shillong, Naitung 18: The National People's Party (NPP) President and Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, has arrived in Delhi this evening to attend the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) meeting. The meeting of the NDA Political Parties was held at the same time as various political parties in the Opposition met in the city. Benguluru to discuss the Lok Sabha elections in
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday appealed to the Dorbar Shnongs and Covid Committees not to restrict the number of people coming from one district to another.
The Dorbar Shnong also distributed dustbins to hundreds of households in the village to separate the rotten and non-rotten garbage.
It was also decided to set up a GS Road Safety Committee headed by the DC of Bhoi as the Convener.
Bah Mayralborn said that even if he is no longer with us on this earth, we will never forget the good deeds he has done.
“We are ready and ready to contest the election.
The BJP, which has two MLAs in the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, has not nominated a candidate yet, and it is not known where these MLAs, Bah AL Hek and Bah Shanbor Shullai, are ordering the people. They have worked and been Ministers in the Government of Chief Minister Conrad Sangma of the NPP, in which the UDP is also present, among others.
When people drink alcohol, they can no longer control their thoughts and feel that there is no one like them, strong or intelligent, and they no longer know how to maintain their dignity.
The verse begins with the words 'The tmier jong ka ruh......Then the land of War won and the sound of the stones'
This action of the Governor has affected the sentiment of the people of Ri Khasi as a whole.
The conclave will also be attended by Mangubhai C. Patel, Governor of Madhya Pradesh, Hardeep Singh Puri, Minister of Housing and Urban Affairs, Shivraj Singh Chouhan, Chief Minister of Meghalaya. Madhya Pradesh, Bhupendra Yadav Union Minister of Labour, Environment, Forest and Climate Change, Ashwini Vaishnaw Union Minister of Information Technology, Communications, Railways, Minister Kaushal Khannah Kishore Bhupendra Singh, Minister of State for Urban Development, Government of Madhya Pradesh.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) leader Bah Sadon K Blah on Tuesday said that there is no doubt or caution regarding the peace talks with the government.
“He also expressed his concern especially that the budget for the Water Resources Department is small.
The meeting was also attended by the KSU-War Jaintia and the HNYF-SRMC. The purpose of the meeting was to discuss the demand for Padu State Dispensary has been upgraded to a Primary Health Centre.
Jowai, November 11: A Nepali, Krishna Sapkota, resident of Khlieriat, has misused the powers of the Waheh Shnong of Latyrke, East Jaintia Hills, by issuing syrnod to thousands of Nepalis. and Bengalee in the name of the Waheh Shnong of Latyrke at the price of T.700/- to T.1000/- each for the purpose of earning money for themselves and also to show that these foreigners live in Latyrke.
In the constituency we lack drinking water and they have to buy it for their daily needs.
One tree has female flowers, the other has male flowers.
Besides, the MFA, besides knowing and seeing the lack of stadiums in Shillong, what is behind the urgent decision to hold the MAL? or teams will be able to receive and accept the money which the MFA will be ready to refund after calculating the expenses of the games that have already been held.
Shillong, October 30: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit in a statement said that after many years of inspection, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Bangalore Unit has found that there are many educational institutions in Karnataka and Meghalaya. Students from Meghalaya are sent to Karnataka, especially to Bangalore.
The award was launched by the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi at the IG Stadium in New Delhi on July 19,
When asked by reporters, Luizinho Faleiro replied, “As a Christian who has been taught since his childhood, he doesn't have such an idea as suspected.
Lumpyngad, after winning the toss, elected to bat first and scored 147 runs for five wickets in 20 overs.
They welcome the opening of the market once a day in the border areas unless the government provides the necessary facilities to prevent the spread of Covid-1
I don't believe that the land owners will flee from their own state, which is impossible and unacceptable...It is the government's bias... To reach this point. I don't have a state.
He said that this step taken by the party should remind the government that it should implement the issues that the people want and not just to mislead the people during the elections. Members of HANM have called for the government to increase the salaries of teachers and condemned the government for its inability to implement any of the demands of the HANM. The police and magistrates ordered them to leave the area because of the enforcement of Section 144 CrPC but they refused but it was only after the FASTOM leaders came to talk to them and requested them to leave the area. HANM members have agreed to cooperate by allowing the Cabinet meeting to proceed and wait for the decision on behalf of the teachers. They went to the parking lot near the Additional Secretariat to sit with the teachers.
He said that in Meghalaya there are two elections, MP and MDC and it will affect the time of government officials.
After the completion of the construction and maintenance of the children's playground, the leaders of the Seng Teilang Kynthei Laban invited Bah Mitchell to cut the ribbon as a sign of the opening ceremony on the afternoon of the 11th. and January, 2023.
Jowai, March 02 : 7-Wasa and Ladthadlaboh will compete for the title of the U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2 The WJDSA will be held on the 8th of this month at 1 pm at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
The Chairman of the Chief Executive Members urged all the Chief Executive Members of Village, Raid and Hima not to be afraid of these threats. “Don't be afraid of these threats”. Chief Executive Officer.
Apart from Samlin, the defeated candidate of the NPP and the NPP MLAs, no others were surprised or disappointed by the UDP's glorious victory in the Sohiong Assembly Constituency.
I also urge everyone to strengthen agriculture in the villages.
“We have found the same problem when the Grade IV candidates who have 333 candidates have passed the DSC, so we have ordered that the DSC should announce the names of the candidates who have passed the DSC. “We should get those who pass according to the availability of jobs, not to announce too much about the availability of jobs,” said Prestone Tynsong.
Through this meeting, the voices of those who opposed and those who supported were able to speak.
According to the complaint lodged by Phawa, on 15th September 2020, she received a letter from Jowai Cooperative Urban Bank Ltd.
The district magistrate's order said that an active surveillance has been conducted and tests have been conducted on the people who may have been affected by the disease. containment from today.
The owner of the shop has lodged a complaint with the Jowai Police Station.
Meanwhile, the Supreme Court said that an appeal can be made against the decision.
The Government doesn't have ears, eyes and mouths and can't take responsibility not only for the teachers but for other departments as well.
The truck carried about 13 song of 4 mm, while the pipes and plywood have been removed.
The KSU has strongly criticized Bah Prestone for saying that the time has come to resolve the MDc Constituency as MLA Constituency because Ri-Bhoi District needs another MDC seat as one of the constituencies. but the coverage of the schemes is small.
Former Mawlai MLA SD Khongwir, who is also the President of the Forum, said the issue of ILP as it stands is still under the consideration of both the government and the civil society. .
He said the issues that the NPP will take up in this election include the lack of governance in GHADC, peace and order, and other issues related to customs and traditions including the issues of It is in many villages and areas of Garo Hills.
Prestone said that Angela's statement was a thoughtless statement and a statement to mislead the people. He said that the people of the state do not These statements of Kong Angela should not be believed.
Even the malaria workers who are not employed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare cannot be employed anymore, because they have expired their contract with the Central Government and they have no sanction. post.
Bah Samlin said that if they still criticize him, it shows that they still love him because they remember every meeting.
However, the problem he faced at that time was that after he had been in Sylhet for a while, the Government of India issued an order that those who wanted to join India should come. Sylhet was East Pakistan, where he faced a difficult situation whether to leave his home in India or whether to leave his job because it was too late. a time when the countries of the world are suffering from poverty.
“According to the information I have received, this money used for the FOCUS scheme is the money they take, so I urge the people to be vigilant lest it be like in 2014, under the “The Congress Government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma has gone to the people to ask for their support and promised to provide money for only 2 years. .
Shillong, Nailar, 26: The Jan Arogya Samiti (JAS) of HWC-Sub-Centre Laitnongkseh on the 22nd of this month held a public awareness campaign on the issue of teenage pregnancy, POCSO Act, on HIV/AIDS and also on the spread of alcohol in Laitnongkseh.
This morning, members of KSU Jaiaw Circle together with members of KHNAM Jaiaw Constituency, have protested against the proposal to close down the sign.
At present, even in the MP elections in 2024 across India, no one will be able to defeat the BJP and Narendra Modi will remain the Prime Minister of the country.
When asked about the disappearance of the man, the mother said that they don't know whether the family members of the man are still looking for her, because they belong to their own village. u young.
It is true that now it is known and heard that it will be allowed to hold church services, the believers are very happy to be able to hold church services, oh very happy, but there will be those who will still suffer in some places. the places especially in the city are those that are not public.
KHNAM has alleged that the appointment of Bordoloi has violated the appointment act of the state government and the party demands that he should be removed completely and appointed by locals. , which are much better than the one that was planted five years ago.
On the other hand, B in Ardent said that many issues have been discussed in the EC but they cannot implement them because of the Election Act. country and nation.
Looking at the attendance at the meeting, it cannot be said that the UDP has been well established in the area and has high hopes for the upcoming election.
“Besides, MAWU has urged the Minister to issue a notice to recognize the ASHA workers so that the workers should not be dismissed without any reason as happened to other ASHA workers,” she said.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Union Minister of State for Education, Skill Development and Entrepreneurship, Dharmendra Pradhan has praised the State Government for implementing the Early Childhood Development Mission and the Entrepreneurship Ecosystem. .
Zafar Mirza, spokesperson for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, said there were 12,218 suspected cases in the country, of which 1,408 have been confirmed. it is right, said the speaker.
Dr. Sangma said that farmers should be intelligent and trained by taking part in various programs so that they can support their income.
Three (3) of these tins have been distributed per household through the CMHAP.
The COVID-19 pandemic has come like a storm but has also disappeared like a storm because the fighters against COVID-19, including the villages, have fought hard.
The Minister said that this is also an employment opportunity for the youth of the state.
The KHNAM has demanded that the terms of reference for the members of the Expert Committee should be revised. which is not currently available and to recommend correction if i required.
Nongrang also expressed his hope for achieving the goal of victory in the mid-term elections, and said that if he gets the opportunity to lead the district, Council as an MDC, the most important thing to do is to preserve the customs and traditions of the right to land.
I am glad Kynum that you have invited our son to stay with you in town.
Besides, a prize of T.1 lakh was also distributed to all the clubs that participated in the tournament, while those who reached the semi-finals received T.1 lakh.
Jowai, Nailur 24: Chutwakhu FC have qualified for the final of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy. The 2nd Division Football Tournament 2023 was organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Dr Mawthoh said the UDP does not want to be divided and wants all the ethnic parties in the state to be united for the same cause and purpose for the people.
Mawkyrwat, March 3: After several months of temporary closure of the Hot Spring due to natural disasters on July 16, 2022, the management of the Hot Spring They today announced that they will open soon for the public to use to come to the Hot Spring, South West Khasi Hills District.
The Finance Minister said the decision was taken for the sake of the health of the people and said that the Government of India will issue an ordinance until it has passed a full law in Parliament.
Under the circulation section, a manager and his assistants are needed, vehicles and drivers are needed to deliver the newspaper to different parts of Meghalaya, especially in Ri Khasi Jaintia.
Shillong, Naiwieng : The 29th Educational Award Ceremony was held on 10th November 2023 at the Community Hall of the Wahingdoh Youth Association. different levels of education.
With the beginning of this government, it was already a sign that the Garo friends have started to dominate the Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The Chairperson of the Meghalaya Lokayukta, PK Musahary, has demanded the CBI to investigate after carefully reading the complaint filed by Abhijit Basumatary, who is also a resident of Meghalaya.
The ceremony was led by Bah Teibor Shabong, Matabor of Nongrim, in the presence of Bah Elbis Diengdoh and Bah Monarch Shabong.
He also promised that the department will also hold a third meeting to invite the Dorbar Shnongs and Senghalangs to discuss this issue.
He said the decision from Delhi had nothing to do with the entry of any member.
He also expressed his gratitude to Dr.PW Khongjee who saw far ahead the need to provide this Dong House.
Speeches were delivered by Bah Ardent, Dr. Ricky, Bah Adelbert, Bah Brightstarwel and others.
He said that after they came to test the bridge, they sent an incomplete report, that the bridge is still incomplete and the full report will be released later.
It doesn't matter, even today there is a saying, which spreads from the bottom and therefore the public testing is that we go to spread the disease from the bottom and it is not like walking around the myrsiang and the tyut.
Randhawa said that Sikhs have been in the area for 200 years and therefore, they will not be allowed to be discriminated against in any way.
These words come from a Purinam of the Eastern Region, which remains in the shrah of information which has been able to fall into the 'stad tip' of the Khasi which has now fallen into disrepair.
The parents of the injured were taken to the Civil Hospital Nongpoh and taken to other hospitals for treatment. perfect treatment.
The overcrowding of vehicles without waiting for the line is also the cause of traffic jams and it is clear that in Shillong there is no order or discipline of the drivers and passengers who are parked. and seize vehicles without being found because the government authorities have not been able to implement the law properly.
' Because the shape of that mountain was like a human head that was afraid to look.
The District Mission Coordinator, SSA West Jaintia Hills, on 13th November, conducted a special training for the Principals, Head Teachers of Schools at the Inclusive Education Resource Center (IERS). ), Mihmyntdu.
This is an opportunity for us to generate employment.
In the evening at 9 pm, she said that the Proctor, Pro VC together with the staff came to the guest house where they were staying and threatened that if they went outside they would be attacked.
The question is why the government officials who know the laws have signed them, without warning the farmers, because the coal smoke is harmful to humans, birds and animals.
When asked how he feels about the puja at the foundation stone of the government office, he said, “It is customary to pray. when there is an opening of new buildings?".
The body was taken into custody by the police for post mortem and later handed over to the next of kin.
:In a raid by Pillanghata OP and Umiam PS of Ri Bhoi district, law enforcement seized firearms, explosives and several illegal items. A man who lives in 9 mer of Baridua in Ri Bhoi district, on November 8, 2013, has been arrested.
A day ago, a taxi driver, who has an account with Tamil Nadu Mercantile Bank, was arrested when Rs 9,000 crore was deposited in his account.
“After the 2018 elections, I went to propose to form a government but I knew him well, and he told me to look at a doctor. ) I wanted to win more than 10 or more than 2 digits but it didn't happen and I decided to hand over to another party, don't worry and if the time changes we will work for the state,” he said. to Dr Mukul.
Speaking on the occasion, Irin said that as a woman who was elected as the Congress leader when Nongriat was under Parïong constituency, but after she was defeated, The Congress does not recognize and count it as a human being.
There will also be environmental workstations, to install Continuous Operating Reference Systems (CORS) around the country, to be monitored and implemented by the Survey of India (SOI).
“He fled to Pakistan in 2009 and is now a member of the LeT, who has been able to commit terrorist acts as part of the revival and implementation of the party's policies. in the Jammu region," he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the MDC said that MeECL officials will visit the village tomorrow to take necessary action.
The Khliehtyrchi-Sohmynting MDC said that during his visit to Delhi in November last year, he went out alone and met with his fellow Musniang Rngad MDC Phasmon Dkhar, Khliehriat Rymbai MDC Violet Lyngdoh and Musniang Rymbai MDC Violet Lyngdoh. female.
