Meghalaya were very weak in the innings and scored only 75 runs in 27 overs.
The incident at Bareilly Cantonment happened on Tuesday when the room was closed. , because he went to kill a ksew there, but when they searched, it was found that the kyiad seized, had disappeared completely and the police who were there alleged that they had drunk all the snakes.
Dadenggre Puri Govt Hr SS has no Principal and 22 posts of teachers, 16 posts of Asstt Teacher, 5 posts of full time teachers and 11 posts of teachers. Contract teachers and 2 out of 6 posts of Asstt Lecturer have been filled by contract teachers.
The farmers of Jaintia Hills have continued to farm according to the methods taught by their ancestors until today.
He expressed his concern that there are some Sengs which have formed only four or five members just to demand money.
A.Rynjah District Public Relations Officer Nongstoin has lodged a complaint with the Nongstoin Police Station , and the police have registered a case against the suspects hand in this work is still going on.
Other speakers included DGP Dr LR Bishnoi and others.
The DC in the past few months has issued an order that from July 5, 2023, commercial vehicles including STPS buses, Maxi Cabs, and taxis will pass through Kashari Point-Khyndailad during the day. -Decision.
Earlier, the question on the traffic jam in Shillong was concluded after the Minister of Transport replied that the matter is still pending in the Meghalaya High Court.
In the second half, WJH started bowling well in 10 overs with Tura scoring 29 runs for four wickets after Chwamiki Ryngkhlem took wickets for 3/2
Speaking to the members of the party and the youth of the jaidbynriew, Bah Lambok called on them to be happy and selfless for the country.
However, the investigating police have not been able to find out how these three persons were involved.
A public meeting has been scheduled to be held on the 13th of this month from 12 noon at Mawsynram Higher Secondary School.
The Office of the Syiem has sent the name of Bah Boldness to the District Council for approval and the Syiem after receiving the approval from the District Council. He handed over the Sanad to Bah Boldness on that day with a request from him as the Syiem to the new Minister.
Shillong, Nailur, 13: The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government on Tuesday approved the establishment of an Engineering Wing at the Police Headquarters, Shillong to oversee the construction and maintenance of the Police Department across the state.
In the incident, the relatives of Kong Nongsiej managed to extinguish the fire before the vehicle was damaged.
If you eat with care, you will be healthy.
Amos 1:3-6.
Among those who joined were two candidates who had contested the elections in previous years.
There have been problems because no one has taken the initiative to enforce this Act and the people who quarry stone do not follow the rules.
At this meeting, it is pleasing to see that the India Space Research Organization of the Ministry of Space of the Government of India, has taken a major role in organizing this meeting of countries of the world. in the G20, which includes Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Canada, China, EU, France, Germany, India, Indonesia, Italy, Japan, Mexico, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, South Korea, Turkey, the United Kingdom and America.
She said that Section 10 (2) of the Lokayukta Act 2014 clearly states that the Directorate of Investigation and the Directorate of Prosecution are two departments with their own powers and need to be established. inside the office of the Lokayukta.
At the same time, the Nongpoh MLA, praised these Longkmie, for providing and working hard for themselves and what they lack, they go to ask for help from others.
“Ardent, who was an MLA during the tenure of Dr. Mukul Sangma as Prime Minister for 8 years, did not say anything about reservation. Policy.
“We have seen in the newspapers that the General Secretary has sent a letter of support, but we have not received a copy,” said Teinwell.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang, 25: Due to the changing times and social conditions, many of the symbols erected by our ancestors such as stones, tools and other items used especially sticks and swords and even stores of ammunition gradually began to disappear.
Ummulong Grassroot Center (Thadlaskeiñ Block) vs. Laskeiñ Sports Club A (Laskeiñ Block).
It is clear that Bah Ardent and the VPP took to the streets to demand the amendment after the Meghalaya High Court refused to interfere with it as it is a policy matter and also after the government The NPP-led Party (NPP) has decided to speak in the Legislative Assembly.
The MLA of the area said that the opening of this health center will be an opportunity for the youth to get jobs to help the people in their livelihood and especially those who have a role to play in receiving the benefits from it.
“Now that the retired judge has agreed to be the Chairman, the step we will take is to confirm the advisory board and the drug dealers will be prosecuted under the PIT NDPS Act. “We have arrested them and ensured that they should not be released on bail for three months,” said Bah Paul.
“Besides, the Central Government has been requested to support the State in terms of allocation of funds under the SSA so that the State can move forward with the goals and objectives of NEP 2020,” he said.
In a statement, the Rangbah Shnong has requested the relevant authorities to take action to repair the road so that the people can escape from the problem.
He said that the Meghalaya government has taken a major decision regarding the emergence of illegal coal mining factories in the state and to ensure compliance with the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
On Saturday, Rupang met with a man who has the skill of carving stone, he is from Laitmawsiang village, a village near Laitryngew- Sohra.
In comparison, the leaders of today are truly wise and privileged because of the growth of knowledge and the passage of time.
Lian Ch Sangma (26.55 min) and Konaton Rabha (60+2 min) scored the second goal for Bekanang Sec School.
Mawsor said the reason for the suspension of Pyniaid was because he was against the party by speaking out against the HSPDP and his speech had tarnished the image of the party.
According to sources close to the SMB Officers, the relocation of the Board office from the quarters to the temporary office will be completed within two days.
The Shnong also requests that the necessary books which they do not like to use at home can be brought to the Library.
The couple have two daughters, Ivy and Vivienne.
They said that despite the many difficulties they have faced and the short-term training, with hard work and perseverance they have reaped the fruits of victory.
Liverpool are top of the table with 45, followed by Manchester City with 44, third-placed Tottenham with 39 and Chelsea fourth with 37 points.
“This measure aims to reduce roadside parking, and streamline traffic flow.
In the meeting with the EM, the leaders of the Hima Langrin informed him that since Bah Nangtei Syiemïong was the Acting Syiem, there has never been any rule. He did not force the people and the children of the thousands of the Hima but it was only a propaganda by his opponents.
Shillong, Lber 20 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to hold a core committee to decide whether to remove or replace Bah Bindo M Lanong, one of the longest serving leaders of the party. The party will contest against the party in the 2023 MLA elections from Nongkrem.
There are reasons why children today do not have manners.
HYGIENE:— It is not good to be sick or suffering during pregnancy, this not only affects the health of the baby, but it will also increase the risk of your poverty which you suffer from time to time.
In this article, Kong Sil talks to the Wah Umkhrah about the poverty.
Professor Anesthesia, Dr Neha Rawat, Asst Professor of Anaesthesia, Dr Wewuteu Thopi (Senior Resident Anaesthesia), Mr Mr. Mrinal Mandal (Perfusionists) and Loosar Dkhar performed the operation on the 22nd of this month. March 2022.
His wife Jaya Bachchan, sister-in-law Aishwarya Rai, daughter Shweta Bachchan and daughter Aaradhya were also present at the ceremony.
Bah Ronnie said that the presence of this Rynsan will be an opportunity for the youth to use their talents.
The event was attended by the office bearers and members of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHM) Mawkyrwat Circle.
On receiving information about the incident, the neighbors rushed to Malla village to condole the death.
Look again, when the Lord God sent the nature to destroy them until their dead bodies became like stones and trees.
At the same time, he said that every year, in the first month of June, the cows and sheep are brought to the outskirts of the village.
The report said that Meghalaya is a predominantly Christian state where traditional religions such as the Seng Khasi and Sein Raij are minorities that need protection from disappearing completely.
He said that at many of the exhibitions, the khiew makers of these two villages have brought their products in various types of products.
Shillong, July 16: The Branch Manager of the State Bank of India, Ampati Branch was abducted from Garobadha while he was on his way from Tura to Ampati.
Bah Nongrem said the union did not believe the explanation of the officers, on what is the purpose of the government to build the road, and how long it will take to complete it. she just said she would take action.
“Once we win the 2019 elections, we have decided to ensure equal income for all the poor people in the country and this will be for the first time in the Congress government in 2019,” he said. And Rahul.
Regarding the inspection, the MLA found that the PHC is very good in terms of its operation, from the cleanliness of the morning, the treatment to the patients, the poor women. with other requirements.
This was done to ensure consistency with the current prices.
The traffic jam has reached in front of the Civil Hospital Shillong and Garikhana while the road from IGP to Khyndailad has not been trafficked.
These teachers will be within the boundary of APSTA. Such registration will be held again on 16.04.2019 in Jowai for teachers within the boundary of APSTA. Jaintia Hills.
Buhphang is also the Treasurer of the Tourism Promoters Trekking Society (TPTS) Wahkhen.
She also said that she will continue to monitor the sub-centre in the village to be upgraded to a PHC, as well as the Sunapur to Huroi road, the border market. to be able to complete for the benefit of the people of the area as a whole.
The men thied ri are those who install mobile phones just to inform their parents where they are and where they are when they go here and there.
At the same time, the State Government and the Municipal have informed the Court that they have already identified a temporary garbage dump and now the transportation of garbage from Jowai has started.
For Non-NFSA, 7.205 kilos per household at the price of T.12.70/- to T.13.00/- per kilo.
Shillong, Natiung 30: The KSU Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned the insult of Juliana Kurbah against Khasi men while speaking to the judges of Super Mom which was broadcast on Zee TV yesterday.
Therefore, we invite you all to the meeting to discuss justice, justice and peace,” said a statement from the two parties.
Janis has become a well-known singer in the North East due to his ability to attract the attention of the people of the North East. The songs he sang were in his own language or in the Mawja language which also touched the hearts of the people until they gave him a lot of support in this competition. The star of Meghalaya or the Meghalaya Superstar.
The opening ceremony of the Silver Jubilee of the Rotary Club Jowai was conducted by Rtn JM.
How come the government has invested in the development funds that Lafarge has appealed to the Supreme Court where the order of the Supreme Court and the guidelines of the SPVS clearly state that it is not allowed to misuse the funds of the SPVS to implement through the Supreme Court. government agencies.
Finally, I would like to urge all my fellow men and women to have “UNITY and COOPERATION” Not to discriminate against religion, church, village, place of residence, district, district, language and group. However, we should feel like brothers and sisters that there will be the same rules for the same Hynniewtrep people between these nine sub-tribes from now on.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the General Secretary of the Association of Truck Drivers, said that in the past few days, they have struggled to resolve these issues.
Shillong: There have been 60 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 72 recoveries have been made today.
LPS, Namchiang UPS and Little Flower LPS. In this meet, the KSU has organized march past, 100 mts run, long jump and others.
She said that if she is elected as an MP, she will resign from the post of MLA so that she can take the issues of the state to Parliament in Delhi.
The meeting was held at the Conference Hall of the Block Development Officer, Umling.
Regarding Wah Umkhen, Bah Wahlang said, “In Wah Umkhen we are facing problems in the well and we will do something because the mining is still going on in this area.
The Mela was conducted by Bah ML Mawnai, and the welcome speech was delivered by Kong S.Sangriang BPM-NRLM. to appreciate their hard work.
The meeting was to request the CEM to take action on these gates and the CEM in the middle of the meeting phoned the CEM of KAAC to urge him that the Karbi should not interfere especially. The CEM KHADC has arranged for another meeting between the two ADCs on this issue,” said Bah Blik Sohtun.
Then, before the program started, we participants sat down in the allotted seat.
After the government of Dr. Mukul Sangma moved it from Khliehriat to Wapung and then to Lumshnong, there was a dispute between Lumshnong and Wapungskur.
They also defeated RUFC in the final of the Meghalaya State League in November
Jannik Sinner has also arrived in Monte Carlo after reaching the final of the ATP Masters 1000 for the second time and this time in Miami, where he will start his match against Diego. Schwartzman and David Goffin in his first game this season.
he is also a member of the Liturgical Commission of the Conference of the Catholic Bishops India (CCBI) and a former member Secretary of the International Commission for English Liturgy (ICELWashington DC).
Mawkyrwat, July 11: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through its Education Cell has awarded three students who have reached the Top position. -10 and Top-20 in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations released by the MBOSE. Nangkhraw Laloo who reached 8th position in the HSSLC (Commerce Stream) from Mawsynram and also Heprit Jessica Marweiñ who reached 20th position in the SSLC. Evansroy Nongrem, The Education Secretary of KSU South West Khasi Hills District said that no matter what family they come from, when the soul has the opportunity to open by giving, the symbols should be hardworking and minute especially. but in this age we have to fight in many battles of thought.
The Basketball Federation of India (BFA) has held the EC elections for the 2023-2027 season at the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium, New Delhi on the 5th of this month. Administrator of BFI, Retired Judge of Delhi High Court Krishna Bhatt and Returning Officer HS Sharma, Retired District and Session Judge of Delhi.
They are afraid, why do they have weapons, the HYC, take action against such borders.
Police have arrested Rocky Pala from Mookyrdup.
“Therefore, we as the EC since we took over, our goal is to run the Hima within the KHADC because the people have lost confidence in the KHADC. power that we have not received," he added.
The HNLC has set a deadline for the state government to appoint its ksiang within 24 days and therefore, the state government will have to think faster, as the ksiang will be righteous and willing, on both sides.
Nongstoin, July 4: The residents of Nongumbah, Darephang, Nongspung and other villages in Kyrshai area are on the border with Assam. Darephang and Nongumbah are the villages of Raidmynsaw.
Bhansali has not lost hope in Ranveer and is confident that the actor will do whatever is necessary for the film.
Dr Rishi, a doctor at Ara Sadar Hospital, said that about 15 to 20 people die every day and 40 to 50 people are admitted to Sadar. Hospital.
In addition, 32 projects worth T.1713 crore have been approved under the Special Infrastructure Development Plan of the North East.
As soon as Niakha and Rida's mother heard those words, they felt different and felt something.
Despite many attempts and golden opportunities, Mawkhar could not turn the tide.
“We want to keep in mind the welfare of the people who earn their living on both sides of the border.
Without disclosing the names of the students, who failed to write the LDA examination under the DSJ Nongstoin, it was said that according to the letter, the examination will be held on 22nd October On the 25th Lber 2025, these youths allegedly caused the stinginess of the post office workers.
The incident occurred today during the flag raising ceremony to commemorate the 137th anniversary of the Congress party, which was held at the party headquarters.
“It is only in cinema that the police, politicians, courts are convicted, and it is the platform that preserves democracy,” he said. rebuke those who do wrong.
If this is the case, it has already been wrong to destroy the dignity of the children from the beginning.
In the IPL transfer market this year, Jadhav remained a member of RCB and was not offered a sale.
The recognition of the Supercare hospital by NABH is one of the benefits of quality care and happiness to those who receive treatment in such hospitals.
However, if a leader is accustomed to lying and cheating, how much more will his followers be encouraged and encouraged to do even more than he does.
Therefore, I hope that this Cabinet will work well and I will try to work better,” said Marak.
The two teams started their first match in the tournament on July 15 where Mawlai won 2-0
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 12 new cases have been confirmed from EJH: 1, EKH: 10, and WKH:
The fare has been issued by the State Government on 25th September 2020 through Notification NO.TPT.91/80/813 to increase the fare from T.7 to T.11 per kilometre. tonnes per tonne on rong roads, T.8 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on maw roads and T.10 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on dirt roads.
In 2018, Singh became a full-time coach after retiring from football.
The government should also know how to invest in projects that can save the state.
Shillong: U Bah Karmel Mawlong, son of Kong Kotilda Mawlong, resident of Mawblei Block B, has been missing since the 10th of this month at 8 pm. you are the chief of the forest of Mawblei.
It was here at Nongnah that the last battle of the French against the Khasi was fought in
The price of rice is T.3/- per kilo for stem and pink cards and T.9.62p per kilo for blue cards.
Prominent personalities in various fields and public representatives were invited for the programme.
The Ministry has also provided training to the farmers to tell and explain in detail how to care for these animals.
The Rangbah Shnong of Mawrong, besides the allegations against my husband, has also accused me of many unfounded allegations which I cannot accept because even the village knows and has confirmed that I have “I don't have enough documents to prove that I am clean and not as alleged,” said Bah Shadap.
“The Vice Chancellor has not given the 10-year grant or the annual grant to the teachers,” said MM Khymdeit.
Chinese President Xi Jinping today spoke clearly of unity, which is based on peace, but at the same time, he warned that this goal will soon be achieved.
“We have only 255 langrut policemen who drive vehicles and 200 home guards who assist in driving vehicles in seven traffic departments in the city,” said BJ Laloo.
Can the Ethiopian change his skin, or the leopard his spots? (Jeremiah 13:23) Here in the Word of God it refers to those people whom the world has covered and covered until that they may be like those who go to the ends of the earth.
The BJP has done this because it knows that only the Congress can contest this election.
After filing his nomination papers, Mukul told reporters, “I will tell you that the people of the country will break this government”.
Shillong, Iaiong: The Executive Committee of the Dorbar Shnong Umsyiem, which held an emergency meeting on the 12th of this month, has considered with concern the reports in several newspapers regarding the arrest of a BSF and ANTF troops have arrested Bah Prakash Sumer, 42, of Umsyiem village, near Rimassar village. They also seized 3000 grams of alcoholic beverages from his vehicle.
The price was decided by the Cabinet meeting held on 4th November 2022, where the Minister of Urban Affairs made a proposal and was approved by the Revenue Department, all the Ministers and the Chief Minister of the state.
But while he was swimming with his friends, he suddenly fell into this river.
About 140 people from different villages of West Khasi Hills have come for treatment and examination. sun.
The road has been constructed under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS).
While he was in the custody of the robbers, he said that they called him on his own phone and demanded T.1 crore. “I asked them that we don't have money, I told them that we are not the owners, they didn't let me talk to them at home, even though they called me on my phone,” he said.
For this reason, Mr. Edwingson Bareh filed a case in the Gauhati High Court to challenge the validity of Notification No. TAD/R/50/64 dated 23rd November Rule 303 of 1964) and appeal was filed by Edwingson Bareh in Supreme Court against the judgment of the High Court ( Ref Civil: Appeal No.968 of 1965) the judgment of the supreme court maybe seen in the AIR 1966 Supreme Court 1220 (V 53 C 237).
East Khasi Hills Police on Friday arrested four persons, including two women, from Lumsohphoh village in Lower Mawprem, Shillong and 268.71 grams of heroin and T.6,87,150 worth of heroin were seized from them.
Throughout the day, besides the launch of the Ambulance, there was also a public awareness campaign on the COVID-19 pandemic, which was explained by Dr.M.Mawrie, DMHO of Ri Bhoi District.
Kanhaiya Kumar Zaidi said the payment method is only for those who have accounts in India and can pay money to the party.
Because now that I have decided to contest the 2023 elections, listen I will tell you- For more than three months now I have been on the ground and entering from one corner of the house to another to campaign, I will tell you that Our state has lost its population.
The Church has recognized him as a saint, St Nicholas and for this reason people call him Santa Nicholas or Santa Claus or Father Christmas today.
Speaking to reporters, Shibun said the BJP is deeply concerned about the threat of those who want to abolish the District Council, and the party strongly opposes this proposal.
The Crime Scene Unit was immediately informed to collect witnesses from the scene and they recovered a steering wheel of a vehicle suspected of being used in the murder, a bottle of water and half a bottle of alcohol. kyaid in this bag.
The total number of cases has now risen to 2,14,91,598, the health ministry said.
In this regard, the KRWO under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong Bah A.Wankhar will take strict action to enforce strict rules so that they will not be able to sell illegal drugs in the future. u Village Headman Bah A.Wankhar.
Shillong, July 17: A robbery has occurred at the office of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) at 9 pm this morning. step and the theft happened in front of the room of the CEM of KHADC, the room where the PAs used to sit to the CEM. The cleaner who used to clean the room of the CEM of KHADC entered his room to clean, while her plate was placed in the room where the PAs of the CEM used to sit. However, at that time, it was reported that there was no one near the room and it was quiet, but when she left the room, she found that her mobile phone which she had put inside the pla had been stolen. The thief also stole T.1000 tyngka (one thousand).
Slogan: Tienpah- means a synrop of words that are not ideas or words to immediately appeal to the public.
“There is no Pollution Control to ensure that there is no compliance with the rules and from now on we will enforce the rules and regulations regarding the disposal of expired pesticides. “These are very important and as the government we need to set rules,” she said.
Others include Issac W Basiawmoit, Asst.
Also to prevent the exploitation of the poor and needy.
He informed the teachers that until the 2nd Quarter, until April, they will have to pay their old salaries.
He said this has been discussed in the Academic Council and the Executive Council which has agreed to implement it.
It may be recalled that the leaders of the department also demanded that the government should strengthen the work in the two departments, namely Horticulture and Agriculture in the district. .
Shillong, Nailur 1: The MUPSTA State Level Teachers' Union (MUPSTA) has urged all the teachers under the banner of the MUPSTA to participate in the remaining programs organized by the MUPSTA. JACATAM will hold a public meeting on 3rd November 2013, followed by a lymbrum meeting on 4th November 2013 in each District Unit or Zone Unit and then a public meeting on 5th November
In this regard, the teachers have asked the government where they will study and how much percentage they need to get to study B.Ed.
Speaking to reporters, many of the residents said that the election season in Shella is still the same and it is not clear who will win.
Therefore, the idea is clear that the assistance to synsar agriculture does not only mean to reduce taxes, but also to increase the market and if taxes are collected, such as coal, mining and others. lei, when the market is good.
VI.Only the trouble in the village and the town, When the pride has risen; Mutual respect has disappeared, Humility has disappeared.
The union has inquired from some of the employees of the PHC and found that there are many shortcomings in the PHC in relation to the lack of a doctor and the lack of an ambulance and also the lack of bian that medicine that dashin.
The Halfway Home in Sabah Muswang, Jowai, today celebrated World Mental Health Day under the theme “Mental Health is a Universal Human Right”.
The villagers have been searching for a way to get this footpath for a long time, because on this road many of the villagers have been injured in lymbub vehicles because there is no footpath and when The Block has approved the NERGS scheme and the village is happy and the PWD has also approved the construction of the footpath.
“We are still waiting for a report from the police,” said Kyrmen.
This sale is free of any restrictions as it can be obtained from any shop in Tura.
Therefore, I urge you MLAs and RBYF leaders to choose the location where the IAS Coaching Center will be set up and to provide a suitable room and I will provide the equipment according to technology. “Students from Ri Bhoi will be able to attend the IAS Coaching Centre, because I want students from Ri Bhoi to become IAS, IPS and so on,” he added.
The order was issued after receiving information from the Executive Engineer of PWD (Rds) that the bridge is no longer safe for the traffic and the ban was issued to protect the lives of the people. this order shall remain in force immediately until the repair is completed.
In addition, he has written more than 100 songs related to nature, patriotism and others.
Officials said the HSVP has sent letters to more than 200 guest houses, which have not complied with the rules to be followed under the new implementation for guest houses, in and he commanded them that they should take them away.
The price increase by those who no longer have the right to buy has become a major source of income as buyers cannot afford to buy their products and sales are also increasing at such a time when buyers are ready to buy. .
She said that as a candidate, she is confident that this time she will win with the support of the people of Shella constituency.
On the other hand, some former GNLA members have admitted that they will not return to the forest and will live in the community.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 123 new cases have been confirmed and 1645 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
It may be recalled that the KHADC has talked to the Hima Mylliem to introduce uniforms for the daju in Iewduh from 18th June
“We would like to ask the High Level Committee whether the people who want to get land in the European Ward are not entitled to get land,” he said.
Furthermore, the Seng strongly condemns the stingy attitude of the Food Safety and Standards departments which has led to the increase in foreign shops which do not care about the cleanliness of the morning in Ïewduh and around Shillong.
Bakshi said the GHSMC members had violated Section 144 CrPC and committed a crime.
For my part, I believe that this is just a trick of someone to create differences or misunderstanding between the Prime Minister and me.
These (7) Hynniewtrep jaiñspongs which were elected by the villagers in 2018 are also like the 'Niang kohnguh.
When we crossed the river, we climbed to the top of the valley and in the middle of a steep rock, we found a very tall tyllai tied firmly to the root of a tree.
“On the part of the Seng, we strongly condemn this action of the police guarding the gate and urge them to take action and fulfill their duties properly.
Therefore, you have to think carefully about this ILP, as mentioned above.
The union has also discussed and demanded from the state government to improve the airport at Umroi so that the people can easily travel to Assam, said the statement. Marbud Dkhar, Chief Organizer of the Seng.
It is also important that the Governments and the HNLC reach an agreement and resolve the demands.
“We are preparing to bring one country, one ration card”.
Day laborers must have a bank account to easily deposit honorarium into their accounts as from June, day laborers will be deposited into their accounts.
Another is to fully implement the 4 percent recruitment quota as allocated by Parliament for minorities in all government departments.
Rangbah Dipshon spoke on the theme, 'To avoid corruption, the Seng Khasi must strengthen'
Who else will look after and run the schools during the Training Election for all teachers? Are you still there! Is it true that during the training of all the teachers for two or three months, all the schools have to be on leave? Are you still there! If there are only Principals and Vice Principals without a few teachers, how can we run schools with hundreds and thousands of students? Is it right to leave children alone to do whatever they want at school? Is it right to destroy the education of students just for the sake of the election? Is it right to send non-teachers to see the children during the Training Election for teachers? Do parents agree to send their children to school without teachers for two or three months? These are some of the questions that may arise and affect the Government's duty to all teachers.
The earthquake, which struck Nepal, killing 2,300 people, could kill thousands more if it strikes in other parts of the world, where there are more people.
He looked at me and said, “Yes, I haven't injected yet and so I told him to inject, and he said he would inject soon,” said Symbud MR. “On the 10th of November, I was very surprised and that evening, I sent the DHS to visit the house, because the death of the deceased, was already signs of illness and when the death report was received, I don't know if you're going to die from covid
Shillong, March 15: robbers broke into the office of the Assistant Executive Engineer of MePDCL at Mawsynram, East Khasi Hills this morning and burnt down files and tables.
On the other hand, Pa'iem said that this is not easy, as the raid has been divided into two parts, one part in Assam and the other part in Meghalaya.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, FKJGP President Bah Dundee Khongsit said that the MPSC has informed that there is a delay in filling the vacancies due to the there are around 20,000 job seekers applying for four or five vacancies.
Many readings include long endless articles followed by short articles that quickly relax and stimulate children especially when watching mobile or computers.
“The SWS-EJHD strongly condemns this action,” said Hambertus Nongtdu, President of SWS-EJHD in a statement.
In a statement, the RWDO through Bah Tensing Khonglah, Working President, said that the reason for their opposition to this area (Sohra District) is because of the condition of the road. It will bring many problems to the people of Riwar Pynursla Constituency instead of bringing peace to them.
All those hard works of ours to achieve our goals in life, suddenly are only sorrows that put us in a light that doesn't know where to go! allow and look at our vision as something unfounded and unheard of.
He said that in the political affairs there are always various incidents but it is not known whether there is any truth that other parties have accused the VPP. “Other people who support other parties can shout the same at the meeting held by us VPP, but we cannot say or prove that they are members of other parties,” he added. to Mr. Adelbert.
Shillong, Nailur 17: The Khan Hynniewtrep National Awa Kening Movement (KHNAM) today convened an emergency meeting with all four MDCs of its MDCs to seek clarification on the issues raised in the meeting. Several newspapers in the state said that KHNAM has met with the Congress party to work together in the District Council.
With this victory, Niaw Wasa qualified for the quarter finals of the tournament.
The coal mines in the eastern Sohra area are only supplied to MCCL (Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited) and a few coal mines in the eastern Sohra area.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: Naiwieng is a very bad month for Mawkhar or Shillong North Constituency, as it is in this month, that its leaders – have resigned, starting from James Ban Basa Iawmoit, Minister of Home Affairs, Roshan Warjri, who resigned as EM of KHADC on 4th November, 2013, has been replaced by Roshan Warjri, Minister of Home Affairs. on the evening of the 20th of this month.
He said that as a newspaper, while it can get more readers, the more members of the newspaper are encouraged and also that it will be another part of the newspaper. and maintain the flow of newsletters.
Speaking after the meeting, the President of KSU South Central, Bah Ennocent Khongstia, said that the KSU South Central has been following up for two years on this demand to repair the road. NHIDCL has done the same thing without reaching anything.
When asked, Marak said, “The Chief Engineer has already given an explanation on this issue.
There are one or two roads but they are still forest roads and it is for this reason that this area is lagging behind and there is no sign of development in all aspects.
Speaking to reporters, Antonio said he has a strong hope of getting the UDP ticket for the 2019 elections. I have a strong hope that I will get the ticket, I have gone around the constituency to announce that I will contest from the UDP, the circle. “I don't know if I have seen the report, it's only on the 31st to announce the tickets,” said Antonio, who is also the Executive Member in charge of the Trade Department. Antonio said that he is very impressed with the leadership of the UDP in the state and also in the constituency, Bindo M Lanong because he is standing in the middle on the ticket. “It's up to the party to decide,” said the Laitumkhrah MDC.
On the other hand, MCA leaders led by MCA Vice President Dipul Ryntathiang, SCA President Aaron G Diengdoh and General Secretary Aaron G Diengdoh today welcomed him. RBDCA leaders and Ri-Bhoi cricket players at Circuit House Nongpoh.
He said the arrival of these new buses will prompt the government to replace the damaged ones and the government will call a tender or Expression of Interest (EoI) to operate the SPTS buses and Maxicabs.
In the same year, the bill was also introduced in the Assembly.
Shillong, Nailur 17: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma today invited his fellow MDCs of KHADC under the leadership of Chief Executive Member (CEM) Bah Pynshngain Syiem to discuss the issue of legislation with them. Village Authority and MUDA Building Acts in the State.
He said that it is not easy to run the school for 25 years if the school authorities and teachers do not work hard and dedicate themselves, but it is because of their strong spirit to spread the knowledge of the school. “I hope and bless that the school will continue to grow in all aspects and will be able to produce many leaders and youth who have a purpose in life,” he added. .
On Saturday, the US also shot down two missiles fired by the Yemeni rebels.
This means that India could be in Pot 2 of the second round of the World Cup qualifiers, while Lebanon has been relegated to Pot
Wanniang said that by encouraging them to take part in sports in the village, they can rise to higher levels which is a way for them to develop and showcase their talents. they will be able to take part in other games.
Mawlai Sports Club won the title of the Shillong Women's League 2023 after beating Laitkor Sports Club 3-1 in the final of the Shillong Women's League 2023 on Saturday. SSA Stadium, First Ground, Polo.
He said that the party respected him but he was against it.
The State Government, therefore, through an order dated 27th June 2021, has declared Mawlai Nongkwar Village as a pig farm in Nongpyur, Thangsning, Kseh Pyndeng, Nongkseh and Lyngkyrdem in East Khasi Hills District; Raitong, Umran Dairy and Patarim in Ri Bhoi District and Nongstoin pig farm in West Khasi Hills district are the worst affected areas.
Through this programme, many benefits have been brought to the youth who have learned to weave through their training.
Shillong, Jymmang 11: The State Government has responded to the request of the HNLC for talks by saying that if the HNLC is really determined to come for talks, it should stop its violence.
Panah went to the bathroom alone.
Police said that Deibor Talang is still missing and the search for him is ongoing.
Until now, the parents and relatives have not been able to believe that their daughter is no longer on this earth.
Expressing his concern over the Governor's failure to listen to the government, Martle said it is up to the Governor to look into the rules according to the law, from the Administration Act, the Executive Act. India is a democratic country.
Justice D Murugesan, Member of the NHRC, has sent a letter to the Chairperson of Food and Safety in the past few years. The Secretary, Union Ministry of Food Processing Industries and the Secretaries in charge of Food and Agriculture of all the States of India shall submit a report within six months on the responsibility of They have responded to the NHRC's findings in their states on the food they use.
Throughout his career as Arsenal leader, Wenger has remained a clean and loyal person to the club as a whole and to its loyal fans. clubs around the world.
He said the support of any private sector or any party is good and will be of benefit to the NPP in this election.
The letters of appointment were handed over at a meeting held at the State Convention Centre, Shillong in the presence of Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma.
K West Ward, which includes Andheri, Juhu and Vile Parle West, has been included in Group C1, which has 100,000 households. about 29 in the current year.
Regarding the incident, the state government has appealed to the people of Garo Hills to observe the law and not to create any disturbance which could disrupt the peace and order.
This book also contains some symbols which are the foundation stones especially for the present heritage, and in this book is written the heritage story of the village which tells the story of the origin of the village, the naming of the village, the livelihood of the people since the beginning of the village and until today.
The three-room school was built under the MDC and MLA scheme of former MLA Stephanson Mukhim.
He was taken by four relatives who are brothers and sisters.
The child has been missing since Tuesday from Chisimapal village in Bajengdoba district of North Garo Hills.
“Therefore, the only way to reduce the traffic jam in these areas is to provide places where buses and taxis can stop and wait for passengers,” he added.
Guwahati: Curfew callers have destroyed the BJP office in Golaghat district of eastern Assam.
Bah RM ShabongIn Ri Khasi Jaintia, it has been seen that there is a strong conflict these days and these conflicts are (i) the political situation (ii) the working situation and (iii) the country's entry of foreigners.
NESAC has achieved major milestones for the North East including the implementation of the North Eastern Spatial Data Repository (NeSDR), the identification of areas for the development of sericulture & horticulture, Remote Sensing for Forest Related Activities & River Atlas, Geospatial System to Monitoring MoDONER-funded Projects & Record of Forest Rights (RoFR), Flood Early Warning System (FLEWS) ) for Assam, and training, including experts from BIMSTEC and satellite imaging to resolve border disputes between the North Eastern States initiated on the recommendation of MHA. The NESAC was established in 2000, together with the North Eastern Council (NEC).
The DSO said that children who live far from Jowai can call the following numbers: 9774407962/ 9402198353/
The total number of cases has risen to 20,662 and the death toll has risen to
“The Pharisees love to stand and pray in the synagogues and on the corners of the streets, that they may be seen by men.
It will be the greatest tribulation that Jesus foretold at Matthew 24:2
Jowai, Jymmang 3: The SDPO of Amlarem, Bah Jason Mairong, has raided the house of Bah Raimond Lyngdoh in Kudeng Rim and seized a house-building rifle, bullets and other weapons. .
In 2014, the water level in the Umïam Dam has dropped sharply to 3,161 feet.
It is even more interesting that this Revolution has also encouraged and encouraged our fellow countrymen to come forward to contribute or take part by composing a song of praise to the nation. It was called “Ïada la ka Ri”.
The suspect was identified as Samuel Susngi from Nangbah village and threatened those who refused to pay T.
Two persons have died, one of whom has not been injected.
Dr War said that in Rilbong, 44 people have tested positive for covid-19 in Rilbong and about 200 people have been infected. It is from Rilbong that they have to do the test.
It is understood from the conversation that Bah Witting did not like the conversation at the shop in Nongstoiñ.
Regarding the Meghalaya Games, the KSU urges all the athletes to play well and have a spirit of sportsmanship and hopes that the athletes will bring glory to themselves, their families and the district as a whole.
It seems that it can support the monitoring of the development and prevalence of any disease and this opens the way for the detection of emerging health problems in order to be able to take measures that need.
Along with the construction of the stadium, the PA Sangma Sports Complex will have two indoor halls under construction including a 25m x 20m swimming pool, a badminton hall with six courts, a table tennis hall and four squash halls. Courts, Cafeteria, office and administrative spaces.
Eicher is ready to meet demand, setting up many factories that work long hours, including on Sundays, and there are also several locations that offer 24-hour services 7 days a week or 24×7
Marriage is usually the responsibility of two people, whether they are sisters or men and women, but this time, Kshama Bindu, a 24-year-old girl, , who is from Vadodara, has decided to get married, by herself and herself.
“I want to tell you that there is no shortage of money.
The documentary was launched by two former KSU leaders – Bah Geoffrey Basan, Founding General Secretary of the KSU and Bah Michael N. Syiem, President of the KSU in long at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
The song will be released on the 17th of this month on Iosis Maring's Youtube Channel.
He said that the party will not allow anyone to cross the border into the rivers and urged the village leaders not to allow such constructions in the rivers.
• They must provide their own vehicle during the test.
Taking part in his speech, Bah Kyrmen Shylla explained many of the works he has done ranging from implementing schemes and talking to various government departments.
The State Government has admitted that the ILP under the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation Repealing Act, 1873 cannot be implemented in Garo Hills, as it was abolished in The government has not been able to provide documents to prove this.
Shillong, June 03: Congress women in Meghalaya on Friday burnt the portrait of BJP Union Minister Giriraj Singh for his recent remarks against AICC President Sonia Gandhi.
The beer, which he was drinking, was made by Deuchars IPA. Peter wrote on Twitter about the incident and the money he had to spend.
The explanations on the words in the current edition are that the words used include the exchequer which is the money allocated for the expenditure of the state government; Publicity is the act of advertising for profit; Achievement is the achievement of a candidate or team in any competition; A prospect is a name that is expected to be developed in any endeavor; The Supreme Court is the highest court of the country; Influence is the ability to influence people to act according to the wishes of those who try to persuade others.
“About 40 lakh foreigners came during the Congress rule in Assam and the BJP has introduced the CAB to fight against those who came during the Congress rule to win votes,” he said. The President of the NPP has admitted that the national parties are only trying to win votes for themselves and said that the Congress has brought in Muslims while the BJP has brought in Hindus and the people should not vote for themselves. understand this.
No one listens to the Righteousness and the Truth because money has been used in all matters.
This infection is from a family that has been infected with the disease.
“Sahksaw and Rynji in East Jaintia Hills have now attracted many tourists, but there are many shortcomings in terms of safety.
Speaking to reporters, Conrad Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma said that Meghalaya is the owner of the 12 land disputes, while the Assam also does not own these villages.
They are afraid to go to work, to farm or to go to the fields, lest they be beaten and robbed.
He said that after the spread of these news, he as the Chief Executive Member has taken action and sought information on this and on 27th November, 2022 a meeting of the Special Committee of the The KHADC is pleased to explain this.
He said that the Police should have been more vigorous and smarter in curbing such incidents in the State.
As the minutes of play went on, the competition became more intense between the two teams.
These nine planets in which we are involved differ in distance from the Sun.
Phira has been in politics since 1994, when he contested many elections to the District Council and the State Assembly.
Jowai, Naitung 21: The Behdeiñkhlam of Raij Tuber has come to an end today, with 63 Rong (rot) brought by the children of thousands of Tuber Kmaichnong, who live in different villages of Raij Tuber. The Ri Lum Jaitia and also various villages in Tuber village to come and celebrate the end of the Behdeinkhlam festival in their village at the same time as a meeting.
In the verses that are approaching the end, Bah Rana, u shon shap, u shon shap, u shon shap, u shon shap words to wake up his own nation while there is still time, by urging that I' The mynder and the khyllah jait should immediately be expelled from this mountainous country, the beloved risan of our Gods.
We don't want our parents to stay with us without talking to our beloved mothers and fathers,” said the minister.
Joy Deepan Deb scored 27 runs from 53 balls. In the first innings, Manipur's bowling in the first innings lasted a long time. with two consecutive days in which it was seen that it could score only 2 runs per over.
The Dorbar Shnongs have the right and responsibility to look after any activities in the community, especially the crimes within the boundaries of the village, whether they are riots or disturbances, illegal activities. or trafficking in drugs, or any other evil deeds and crimes, including criminals or rioters in the villages and towns and the like.
Patricia said that in this democratic country, we should speak the truth and especially as journalists, because if we don't speak the truth and if as citizens we don't speak the truth, we should speak the truth. government who to communicate.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, today sought the assistance of the Minister of Tourism, Prahlad Singh Patel, to develop the tourism sector in Meghalaya.
notification), this month, the Government of Meghalaya through the office of the Deputy Commissioner has issued an order that all teachers from government-aided schools (govt.
“Let us maintain and strengthen peace,” he said.
“We have directed the three ADCs to reply to the CAG and send a copy to us so that we can know.
However, after the elections, the Church blessed the same government.
When they had finished eating, the little children went to bed and they sat down for a while.
' Tip to 4, 5,6
One of the reasons why other states in the region and across the country are growing rapidly is that the states are peaceful and thus the government has a lot of time to spend on bringing about economic development in the states.
However, in Zone 2, North Garo Hills DCA scored 90 runs for the loss of four wickets in 14 overs.
From the Congress, there are four candidates, Esron Marwein from Mawryngkneng, Dr. Banidashisha Kharkongor from Nongthymmai, Lakyntiew Sohkhlet from Sohra and Wellborn Bynnud from Shella constituency.
The match between these two teams was very exciting to witness on this day.
According to her, the students can attend only one class but now they have to think again for the parents as well as the teachers.
Nongpoh: The Meghalaya Police in Ri Bhoi District have set up a Facilitation Center near the Railway Station in Assam to provide assistance to the returnees from Meghalaya. from other states in the country.
Lawmali scored two goals in the 3rd and 6th minutes.
The goal is that those youths who have walked the path of bloodshed will come back to work and build the society and bring peace.
“I have two children who have graduated.
Two cases were reported from West Jaintia Hills and Ri Bhoi and one from South Garo Hills.
Politics bereft of religion is a death-trap that kills the soul”.
The NDA has a total of 353 members in the 543-member Lok Sabha and the BJP has 303 members in the Lok Sabha.
He also paid tribute to Bah Slam Kharkongor (bam kwai ha dwar u Blei) who was the first Rangbah Shnong of this village which was first established with 15 households in
The elections to the National Assembly may be held in June-June
The final judgment will be for those who do not believe in Jesus.
It is a unit that complies with the insurance plan and offers investment-cum-insurance during the term of the policy.
During this visit, it was found that there are many kinds of sculptures which have been beautifully decorated by the skilled hands of the people by making the scarves, bracelets, earrings, handkerchiefs and plates. women, flowers, curtains to carry in the grounds and many items to decorate the houses and others according to the wishes of the people.
The Meghalaya High Court recently ruled that Bangladeshis who came to India before October 24, 1971 are Indian citizens and can vote.
Prof. Kma said that the Vice Chancellor of NEHU has promised to convene a meeting of the Academic Council in the first month of November,
On the 8th of this month, the Director of School Education and Literacy, Swapnil Tambe, IAS, issued a show cause notice or summons to the Principal of Government Girls Higher Secondary School, Jowai, to explain the case. The performance of the song Prah by the students on the occasion of the Teacher's Day, which was held on the 5th of this month.
Not only that, at the same time, the two countries can send another 30,000 troops to fight in Syria, if necessary, with military force to fight.
“Shen is going to Delhi.
“If someone makes false accusations just to hide their mistakes, isn't it wrong?” he said.
In the days of Lot, when Abraham, the father of the nation, the father of faith, who loved souls, when he knew that God was going to destroy Sodom and Gomorrah, said the Word of God, said before God.
Ronnie said the incident in Manipur has witnessed this where the conflict has been going on for three months now and has caused the loss of many lives and damage but the Prime Minister has lost Narendra Modi. Modi did not have time to visit Manipur for a day.
The Sustainability Index activities, including water supply, garbage disposal, tree planting, school improvement including drainage and also the use of solar electricity and the efforts to develop the villages near the school.
Locals suspect that the body may belong to a foreigner.
Other groups, of the Khasi community itself, say that this Bill is good to avoid the lyngkar marriage of the Dkhar, the Lynkien, the Dohiong, the Dohstem and the tall and the short.
(d) To make the mothers and daughters understand the status and status given to them by the community and also to understand the responsibility placed on them as the guardians of their family. the tribe or the nation itself and the land.
While he was doing that, the thought came to him that getting too close to a woman would steal all his time and divide his mind.
He said that the donation of such equipment to any village is a collaboration of the KSU and the villagers in order to bring about a clean environment.
He said that the residents of Lumrit and seven villages want to know from the Syiem of Khyrim Hima what is the reason for the removal of Bah Nongspung from the post of Rangbah Shnong.
KHNAM strongly condemns this attempt by Shillong MP Bah V Pala and strongly opposes the construction of the railway line in the state. If the MP of Shillong wants to improve the railway line in the state, he should not immediately advocate in Delhi and introduce the ILP in Meghalaya first.
The cold weather will continue in the coming days in parts of the state.
Prestone Tynsong, Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today said that the state government has decided to relocate the covid quarantine facility after the bridge at Umtrew. of the complaint of the Government of Assam.
Besides paying for leave, the Nepali works hard to raise goats, cows, other cattle and plant burials as much as he can.
Second, health care and health should be made the right and privilege of all citizens.
“Please ask Bahduh to pray before Hep leaves,” said the Father.
Shillong, Lber 19: U VPP MLA from 17 North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that as a leader of the people, he has urged the state government departments such as the Water Supply Department (PHE) and others to The Shillong Municipal Board has also requested them to work hard as their duty is to provide good services to the people especially in the field of water supply.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi urged the unity of all the 25 MPs of the North East so that Delhi can listen to the demands of the people of the region.
During the meeting, he also handed over a souvenir to the President as a sign of her first visit to Meghalaya.
Ms Ampareen said that the Government's establishment of C&RD Block across the districts is one of the steps to bring the Government's services to the people.
At the same time, the Minister said that the Government also intends to increase the number of parking spaces, which will provide space for the shopkeepers, to reduce the congestion in the city.
It has been witnessed that the government through the Ministry of Sports has been talking from time to time that it has set a target to promote sports in the state by promising to build stadiums, sports grounds from the villages, to provide sports equipment, but these are limited to the air.
NASA has appointed Elon Musk's Space X spacecraft to fly to space in 2022 and explore the treasure. and thou shalt not be able to stand in heaven.
“I want to say that as a party, as we have promised in the past five years, we have said that the UDP will not be the cause of the overthrow of any government,” he said. Speaking to reporters, Bah Lyngdoh said.
He also thanked several unions who have joined hands to donate to the MPBC to support Shanborlang in his participation in the Pro Boxing Fight Night. I will be in Arunachal Pradesh.
The implementation of the Building Bye-laws is necessary for the benefit of the people of the state,” said the HSPDP leader.
The Prime Minister also donated Rs 500,000 to the house of the refugees, which the government has paid as compensation in connection with the incident.
Superintendent of Police, Bah Lakador Syiem said that the hard work of the Women Police under the leadership of the Officer Incharge of SI Kharpran and the Special Juvenile Unit, Child Line, Child Welfare Committee, The ANTF has rescued these children from being trafficked into prostitution.
According to SP City Vivek Syiem, Manas Joshi had applied to hold the Fashion Showha Shillong in March, 2015 and at the same time a letter was sent to him by the DC authorizing him. according to the rules that have been defined.
Last year's champions Mawlai SC have been placed in Group-B against Alliance, Lumparing, Kharang, Synroplang and Maw U-Tieng.
All shops and any public gatherings have been closed in these areas to ensure that the virus cannot spread to others.
They were on their way to Mizoram when they were bombed while walking on the highway in Cachar district this afternoon.
Speaking at the meeting, Robert Kharjahrin strongly criticized the Prime Minister for not inviting the District Council, Hima and Village Authorities to consult before signing the social boundary agreement. , it is a shame and contempt for the rulers of the kingdom.
It is the building in every part of the body on the basis of growth and tissue supply.
Shillong: The government has not yet set a date for the MDC elections to the district councils next year, said James K Sangma, Minister of State for District Council Affairs (DCA).
“The government has decided to look into the rules of demolition of houses in residential areas and jhuggies,” said one of the government officials.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The independent MLA from Mawryngkneng, Bah David Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he has no intention of applying for ticket from any party and will look into it later if necessary.
The MLA has also sent a petition to the Governor of Meghalaya, Tatagatha Roy.
The Union added that there is no law that says that an FIR should be kept secret or not given to the public or the families of the victims.
Anissa Lamare said that the Cycling Federation of India will hold a training camp for these selected participants from the 9th to the 30th of this month.
Speaking to Rupang, Mawshynrut MLA Witting Mawsor, who was in Riangdo this evening to visit the refugees, said that such an incident had happened in the area in 1991, but he said the number of incidents over the last two days was three times that of 1991.
Not only that, the Chief Minister and Deputy Chief Minister of the MDA Government have already told the teachers that they can no longer allow them to take part in politics and if they want, they can give their opinions. I didn't go to England.
The Longkmie Leader said that the Longkmie Seng gives its full support to Bah AG Sten, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtneng and as the Longkmie Seng will be with him in any task. This is the case with the complaint lodged by Bah Seibor Myrsing against the Rangbah Shnong.
Meanwhile, IAS Government officers who receive high salaries have the opportunity to buy land at the price of 10 tyngka per foot in the new Shillong (NST).
The state, where Shah is scheduled to visit, is said to be the beginning of the opening for the BJP to hold elections this year.
If the love of God is no longer there, then there is a love of Satan which is contrary to the love of God, that is, Satan is a murderer, a murderer, and a deceiver and the truth. she never had him.
From the beginning of the HSPDP until now, when the VPP has been in power, the ideas have been the same that there is nothing else, a new one should be established and when it is broken, it will be divided into a better one; and when it is cleansed, it begins to spread one after another, until there is no difference between what is clean and what is evil, for each one is selfish. and he shall not be able to come forth again.
“The reason why I have decided to leave the Congress party is because the working method and leadership of the Congress party under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma is not clear and it is the worst in my life. “It's not like I'm going to be able to do anything,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, while responding to the allegation by the Congress party.
Meanwhile, Chief Secretary Bah PBO Warjri said that it is necessary to make public this project which will improve the income of the farmers especially in the rural areas.
The race is in the Open Category and more than 100 men and women have participated.
While the discussion inside the meeting room at the Secretariat was going on, the people were waiting at the venue and wanted to know what came out of the discussion.
The competition started at 7 pm and Kong Bansara Dhar International Archer and Archery Coach of the state was also present as the chief guest who hoisted the flag to start the competition.
Referring to a post by AMDA leader Kitbok Thabah on his Facebook page, he wrote that Batista will go to Delhi to contest.
This morning at about 9:30 pm, she went to see a plastic bag rong iong, which means that someone has bagged the body of the ksew and brought it to the place.
He said that at present only about 50% of the work has been completed and foreign companies have been allowed to work completely and the city of Tura has been completely transformed from the old one.
It is to be recalled that the FKJGP Sawsymper Circle has awarded this student after the organization has set a target for many years that the students who will reach the Top-2 You can use a laptop to pass the MBOSE exam.
After the arrest of Bah Tarson, HNYF leaders led by Bah Sadon Blah, President of the HNLC, went to meet with the Police, as Bah Tarson is the Disciplinary Secretary of the HNLC. Sadon said the party does not want to say much regarding the arrest of Tarson and the police investigation into the IED blast in Mawlong Market. He said that Bah Tarson is involved in the talks between the HNLC and the government, as he used to invite the HNLC leaders when they came from Bangladesh to Meghalaya to take part in the peace talks. for he knew the way to lead them to the place where they were.
It is exactly like that story from Aesop's Fables about 'The Thieves, the Fool and the Pig'
Speaking on the occasion, the President of the District, Samla Fedinald Kharkamni, said that the construction of this house for this poor family is part of the celebration of the 100th anniversary of the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit. 25 years of service in Ri Bhoi and as the organization even in the midst of many difficulties will continue to work to protect the brothers and sisters in the district and the state as a whole.
The meeting was attended by Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning, Dasakhiatbha Lamare; Mawhati MLA George B. Lyngdoh, Umroi MLA and two MDCs including Victor Ranee, Jirang MDC and Balajied Ranee.
The CSWO alleged that the residents of Upper Klew have not received the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGA), have no MeECL electricity and the road is in poor condition.
“I have been married for about 40 years but I have not been able to have children. I have gone around seeking treatment from various doctors but they have told me that I cannot have children.
In fact, Kong Toi said that the letter seeking clarification from her was sent twice after the news appeared through the statement of the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh on the allegation that she had been suspended. Before resigning, Kong Toi said that she will respond to the request for clarification from her, and there will be a struggle here.
The elections in these three states will be held in June
They said that the government should have turned off the power for 10 hours at night and then cut off the remaining hours in the morning and evening but to turn off the power for a long time is not possible. which is right.
Before you wish to become a Member of this Council, you must know and have sufficient knowledge of yourself, to strengthen your mind, will and spirit, that if you win the love of the people, you will become a member. In this Council, you shall not be like a khah without a wind, because the foundation you have laid is firm and no one can break it.
This is Bengaluru's first defeat in the tournament and Langsning's third.
KHNAM was founded in 2002 and has now celebrated its 20th anniversary.
DD Khardewsaw, President of the Managing Committee, welcome song by the students, welcome speech by Babu WK Syiemlieh, Headmaster of PSSM, and opening prayer by Pastor HW Nongsiej.
The funeral service will be held on Tuesday morning at his residence in Mukhap before his remains will be laid to rest at the Presbyterian Church Cemetery. in this city.
“If there is not enough space, we have problems and if there is a plastic ground, we can play even the 2nd division,” said Bah B Diengdoh.
The Minister said this while replying to a question by Mawsynram MLA HM Shangpliang in the House today.
“I am going to Tura tomorrow as I have fixed a meeting with all the district in-charge in Garo Hills.
The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) on Tuesday sent a reply to the 22nd Law Commission of India regarding the Uniform Civil Code (UCC).
“The backlog is still there, and they have removed the word 'backlog' from the top, but they are going on as in the old OM,” said Bah Thomas.
The KSU leader said that the NHAI has been neglecting the villages in Narpuh area from Mynkre to Malidor for many years despite collecting revenue from the toll plaza in Lumshnong, but has failed to build or repair the road. There are also wells and water tanks which cause problems to the traffic.
In this regard, the RBTEDF strongly condemns the robbers involved in this act of destruction of the forests and the surrounding environment.
He spoke about the roads, agriculture and other issues and said that if he wins he will dedicate his services for the people.
NEW DELHI: Congress President Sonia Gandhi today tested positive for covid-1
Initially, the documents related to the date of the Dorbar, Questions, Motions, Resolutions and others will be published in small quantities and will be posted on the NeVA website and on the website of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly.
Members of the party sent the Dkhar to collect all the garbage and put it back in his vehicle.
In another match, Bright Boys Umkor beat Iong-i 6-5 in a tie-breaker.
Francis RR Songthiang, son of Anita Songthiang, Laitkor, Mon won the gold medal in the 60kg category. Bianglin Marbaniang, daughter of Umkynrut, won the gold medal in the 52kg category. Ilawankmen Nongbri, daughter of Umkynrut, won the gold medal in the 48kg category. Leverson Kharnando of Lawsohtun Block-4 won the gold medal while Lorenza Songthiang of Laitkor Block-4 won the gold medal in the 54kg category. gold medal.
Furthermore, 85 per cent of the population in the government forests of Assam has been inhabited by these poi-ei and the population growth in Assam in the past 60 years has increased as fast as the growth of shyiap. in the countryside, from 3.29 million to 14.6 million in an increase of 344 per cent, while the growth in India as a whole has been only 150 per cent in the last 60 years.
If they don't get this percentage marks, they too have to repeat Class Xii to get these marks.
I asked a college teacher who has been teaching this subject for 37 years and she was quick to inform the public.
Shillong, November 14 : Hundreds of residents of Umthlong, Maweitnai on Friday morning to accompany the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh and former MLA of Mylliem. Bah Hamlet Dohling during the inspection of the Umthlong PHC.
We have to stop shaking hands with each other and all our fingers have to point to the Government.
Speaking to media, Bah Tongkhar said, “Until now, the Nepali villages in Langpih want to go to Assam but these villages are surrounded by Khasi villages and Garo who want to be with Meghalaya, that's why there is a problem”.
Besides the difficulties in replacing the subjects of Mathematics, Science and English with new books, many students have not yet received new books due to the shortage of books in the market. but which affects the smooth running of schools in the education of children.
The government is working to make India a 'Viksit Bharat' by 2047, she said.
“Jaintia Hills is still lagging behind in education and health and many times I have seen that the Sengbhalang demands from the government to provide for their needs, but until now many patients have to go to government hospitals for treatment. “Sleep on the ground for treatment,” said Ma Sanbor Shullai while speaking at his election campaign at Iawmusiang, Jowai on Monday.
We also showed the constitution of the party which clearly states that the President should preside over the General Convention/Council of the party.
The meeting was welcomed by Bah A.Pyngrope who is also the Sordar of Mawlyngot Village and a member of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee since
? I don't need to answer this question to you, because our ancestors have already answered it, but we have forgotten it.
The fighters selected for the championship are Gabriel Kharkongor (48kg), Bawanpher Shadap (51kg), Gareth Garfield Laloo (54kg), Khrawkupar Thangkhiew (57kg), Mewanlambing Ranee (60kg), Teiboklang Jyrwa. 63.5kg), Bahlung Papeng (67kg), Dabit Kharkongor (71kg) and Surjeet Dey (75kg).
In the first service which was held at 10 pm on Sunday, the Word of God was delivered by Rev.Dr.OL Snaitang.
Mayral Born Syiem, Congress MLA and President of the NBCC, said that as a party which used to associate with the farmers, which aims to develop the farmers, does not agree with these laws of the central government. because these laws are a threat to the farmers who stand to support the country.
Traditional songs, traditional dances and advice from the experts of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
Kapil Sibal, Senior Counsel, said that the loan forgiveness expires on 31st July 2020, but from 1st July, we will have to pay the loans and these loans will become NPAs. there will be a great deal of trouble.
Youths of Jaintia Hills from different villages including Iongpiah, Dulong, Panaliar, Loomkyrwiang, Chilliangraij, Loomiongkjam, Tpeppale, Ummulong and Shillong Sein Raij came to bring their colorful Rots. in Aitnar.
We cannot just ignore the people who are victims of violence especially those who are illegal but there must be a proper and strict management otherwise they may come up with other crimes. who are uncomfortable after a while.
Currently, the electricity capacity is 427GW, which is almost twice the electricity demand of 222 GW. Thus, India now exports electricity to neighboring countries.
Let us also strive to be better than other furniture manufacturers from abroad, because many times I see that the Khasi prefer foreign furniture made by others”.
Kyrmen is the current MLA and Minister in the MDA government.
Lumiawmuchai – 4 points, Sohmynting 2 points and Sabahmuswang 1 point On Thursday, Mynthong will play against Shangpung at 3 pm.
Shillong: At the closing ceremony of the Golden Jubilee of the HSPDP, the President of the party, Bah KP Pangniang, on Tuesday said that the party wants to appoint a Khasi as prime minister. “It is not that we want to break the ethnic discrimination but it is time for us to elect our own leader, we want to see that the prime minister should be a Khasi,” said Bah KP Pangniang.
The earthquake measuring 3.0 on the Richter Scale struck at 4:07 pm, the National Center for Seismology said.
She said that the act is only for the purpose of misuse because by doing so, anyone can be involved just to get money.
He said that without the reservation, if the roster is implemented properly, the problems of the Khasi youth will remain.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has already issued a license to Meghalaya Agrovet, a poultry farming company in Ri-Bhoi District. The KHADC has already approved the penny in the second month of July this year.
According to rule 20(1) of the Meghalaya Service Conduct Rule 2019, government employees shall not be members of any political party or political party or any other party. any areas related to politics, to support in any areas.
“We need to march regardless of party and if I can do that in the name of the party, it will be an honor for me.
Commenting on the spread of the news of demon worship, the DGP said that this practice has been heard in the West and people have done and passed through but now they have turned to another path, while we yet here we are beginning to follow that practice which the people of the West have turned away from.
Five years after the independence of the State and in the second election to the Legislative Assembly held on 25 June 1978, the citizens of the State did not elect only one political party and the election or votes were divided between many political parties and independent candidates.
However, it is surprising that the law enforcement agencies have not done anything to curb this smuggling especially when the government has imposed a curfew in the state to prevent the spread of coronavirus.
Shillong, Naiwieng 2: The State Government has announced that it will distribute the Digital Learning Aid Scheme for Class XII students this year as well.
The Government should have surprised the people now and as it was said, it should no longer use the shabuk to sympathize or punish the government employees who live in Khana Lorni in their offices.
Not only that, it has spread to the Khasi Hills as the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills have been divided into two districts.
We are living in the last days, Satan is tempting believers to worship God in churches or temples.
She said that in East Khasi Hills District there are 113 polling stations and 6 lakh voters and the turnout of the people to vote for the last MLA has reached 80%. They will play chess in this MP election.
He said that these illegal activities are no longer like before where even the government is involved.
At present, 84 PHCs have been provided with vehicles and Rs 36 crore has been allocated for this scheme by implementing other programs like JSY and JSSK. The government has tried to provide full assistance to support the mothers in the state as the government has put forward the health of every mother and every child.
Those are things we are unfortunately critical of.
The Dorbar of the Council in June-October 1966, elected him as the Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and he held this position until 1967. He was also a Member of the Legislative Assembly of the Provisional Government of the Autonomous State of Meghalaya in
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Narpuh Circle, after receiving information about this, today rushed to Donaskur village under the leadership of Phanuel Tongper.
In Ri Bhoi, there is one case of Armed Forces and in South West Garo Hills, there is one case of high risk contact.
For any public gatherings, only 50 people were allowed, but for the mid-term election campaigns, there was no limit and hundreds of people gathered, without masks and so on, “It said that people from all states and outside the state should undergo COVID test or complete both doses of COVID vaccine before entering the state, but in the by-elections. However, it was observed that many of the voters did not complete the test.
These MPs from Delhi, who came from Delhi to visit Myrdon Village, besides KTS Tulsi, others include DrCP Thakur, Joy Abraham, Santiuse Kujur and Ram. Kumar Kashyap, who is also a member of Parliament in the Rajya Sabha.
The order came after a review of the number of employees in various government departments, the report said.
They said that when the market was good, they used to produce or spend hundreds of kwai but now even 50 kwai per day is very difficult to spend.
Charlie Rani said that the party will continue to monitor this case until the four refugees of Mukroh village get a fair trial and that those who took their lives should be punished. receive a severe punishment.
Violation of the Decriminalization of Companies Act through violation of certain provisions including insufficient reporting on CSR or corporate social responsibility, insufficient reporting on the performance of the Board, notification of violations The amendment to the Act will abolish the criminal courts and the NCLT.7 on compoundable fines has been abolished and the NCLT which shall not apply to other rules.
May the God of Love bless you all.
“We have invited the CoMSO to talk tomorrow and I will also invite other political parties to know their problems because in the end, whether it is the government or the political parties, we are the same citizens of the state but “We have our own work to do,” said Bah Lahkmen.
Shillong: Following a complaint by students against the correction and marking of students; The Nehu Students Union (NEHUSU) has warned the management of this largest university in the North East.
“We from the Seng Khasi Kmie don't want to take part because it's just a dance festival but we don't forbid others to go because it's up to them,” said Bah O Pyngrope.
With this assistance, they have been able to provide foodgrains to the low income families and especially to the families of the orphans.
Shillong, July 19: After 52 years of independence, Meghalaya will have its own patriotic song.
“I have informed the PM of the vision of the New Shillong Township where we intend to move all the offices including the new Secretariat. plan and designs and ask for the support to ensure moving this project forward.
The incident happened around 4 pm, according to other traders who escaped the abduction.
These office bearers were confirmed at the Auditorium Hall Umsning, where Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar, President of the KSU Ri Bhoi, took part in the confirmation ceremony.
Many of the incidents that have shown signs of illness from Assam have created trouble for the North East, India, and the question arises, Who is in power in Assam? Are there any hidden hands of foreigners who have infiltrated into the rank file who have tried to ignore the words of Prime Minister R. Gandhi and what is National integrity? What is behind the encouragement of non-Assamese to settle?
At the same time, many new initiatives have been taken to celebrate the 77th Independence Day and thus more people have been invited compared to last year.
After the ceremony near Lum Mookhai, the next part was held at the ground where Langdoh Chyrmang brought the sla, Langdoh Tuber brought the pyrnah pyrjin while Langdoh Raij Ialong brought the rice. used when thanking the King of the world.
At the awarding ceremony, the government has awarded more than T.36 lakh to 149 players.
“The Government has directed the district authorities of the state to check the trucks and vehicles coming from abroad as part of the efforts to curb the spread of the corona virus in the state,” he said. Try.
Regarding the Inner Line Permit (ILP), Bah Khonglah said he did not want to say anything on the ILP or the Tenancy Act, but he said that the village has demanded from the government that it should create a law to protect the nation.
Whether it is Government or private property, I feel the problem does not arise".
The MDC of Sohra said that it was during the MDA-1.0 Government, when Dr. Donkupar Roy (Bam Kwai ha Dwar U Blei) was MLA (Shella) that Sohra I'm going to go to the district.
Among the opponents, Ashik Alam (4 overs: 25 runs: 3 wickets) and Adit Pradhan (3.2 overs: 42 runs: 3 wickets) were the winners.
Water, on the other hand, can destroy many minerals and cause digestive disorders, especially if drunk between and after meals.
Owners, tenants and shopkeepers once they have received the 1st dose are allowed to open their shops.
They said that because of this, some of them have refused to sell their land to the Mizos to build a cemetery instead of being stolen by the army.
This is very devastating and devastating to our people because the farmers rely only on agriculture and livestock for their livelihood.
“The time has come for us as citizens to unite.
“If they dare to say that they will not listen to the implementation of the roster system, after we have taken this step to hold a strike, don't think that Bah Ardent will be strike for only one or two days, until you finish, that's what I want to tell you,” said Bah Ardent at the public meeting.
How will it go? What will happen when you arrive in Canaan? How will you start a new life in Canaan? Canaan was not a land that was desolate or uninhabited, but a land that had not been inhabited by other nations.
However, fortunately, no casualties were reported, as the driver and follower of the truck were not injured.
The remarks came after a protest between the two ethnic groups in Khanduli village in West Jaintia Hills district over the ban on entry to Khanduli market in recent months.
He also served as Chief Secretary to the Government of Mizoram.
Nongpoh: The contractor who has constructed the road in Bakhlapara village, has not stopped the construction of the road inside the village, said Bah Receive Pator, President of the KSU Western Border Area. The construction of this road has not stopped at all, but it continues almost every day and as of now, it is only time to complete the construction of this road.
“This disease lasts about 5-6 days and if it lasts too long, you should consult a doctor,” said Dr. Robert.
The last date for withdrawal of nominations will be on the 10th.
For example, the bill of T.231 has increased to T.463 per month.
Many of those who have completed various courses in various fields of education have to remain unemployed.
The United States on Tuesday announced another $325 million in aid to Ukraine's military, an announcement made earlier last month.
There was also a complaint by the youths about the loss of form fees, which costs up to T.100 per form, when the purpose, is not for the police department to earn money from the form fees, but to to help employ young people who want to join the police force.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 16: Seven Dorbar Shnongs of Narpuh District, including Umkiang, Kuliang, Skur, Umbluh, Lumphyllut and Pyrtakuna, today sent The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District has sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District demanding the immediate withdrawal of the BSF troops who used to patrol the National Highway-6 at Sonapur and Ratacherra. The letter was also sent to the Deputy CM, the MLA of the area, Santa Mary Shylla and the Superintendent of Police.
Shillong: The State Government has directed the NEIGRIHMS to submit a report on the death of a 23-year-old girl at the hospital.
He gave examples of software technology and space tech and said it is not easy to match India's expertise.
The Khasi tyngshop Bakhamsan Nongbri and the puron, Florentina Sun and Kong Bana took part in the song.
She said that the state governments of Assam and Nagaland do not have the authority to discuss or resolve the issue of oil and agreement on the border issue. , as these issues should be discussed between the WC, NNPGs and the Government of India (GOI).
The residents of Lapangap, a village about 12 KM from Khanduli, have decided to repair the road from Lapangap to Khanduli (which passes through Langkeroi village in West Karbi Anglong District). They did not inform the district administration of West Karbi Anglong.
Shillong, November 19: The Western Youth Welfare Organization (WYWO) on Tuesday laid wreaths at the Mot Tirot Singh in Mairang and Nongkhlaw to commemorate the 180th birth anniversary of Tirot Singh. Syiem Tirot Singh, who fought against the French army.
Another youth, 18, was tested positive at the VRDL of the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS).
To avoid the decline in the price of agricultural products, the Government should support the Minimum Support Price (MSP) when the price of agricultural products falls too high or is decreased by the traders.
“I have already spoken to the OCs of all the police stations to warn all the policemen not to act like one policeman did this evening,” she said.
The MLAs and MDCs of Ri Bhoi District have received 9 Ambulances and 4 Boleros as supervisory vehicles for the Ri Bhoi District. which will be implemented by the Department of Health and Family Welfare in Ri Bhoi.
As the Minister of PHE, Renikton, u Bah Renikton, informed the Union Minister about the progress of the implementation of this scheme, but also informed the Union Minister about the lack of funds. many villages from this fund which has already been allocated from the JJM scheme.
This house belongs to Mrs. Ribian Phawa.
Therefore, I would like to express to all my supporters and also to those supporters from other parties, if it is for different candidates, I urge us to work together for the good and development. of the entire constituency".
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that his party will not win.
“Regarding the cost of publishing these sermons, the German ACN has also provided financial assistance and these sermons will be used by more than 15 lakh Khasi in different dioceses including Shillong, Jowai, Nongstoin, Aizawl, Diphu and Bangladesh.
The Minister said that there is sufficient evidence against Benedic for his anti-party activities because the MLAs themselves are witnesses and if he cannot explain and prove the allegations he will face Anti Defection. Law and shall be disqualified from being an MLA and will not be able to contest elections for six years.
He said that the union is still waiting but only one request of the union to the government is to invite these leaders to the table for discussion on how to amend the reservation policy.
It is to be recalled that the construction of the gallery was constructed by Bah Wadlad Iawphniaw, one of the elders of Nongstoin, but he handed over to the Laitkseh Sport Club. He did not take even 10% of the work but handed it over to the sport club without taking any money.
Conrad made the request to the Union Minister of Agriculture, Narendra Singh Tomar during a meeting with him on 7th July in New Delhi.
De Silva was awarded the victory trophy, but a few minutes later, Caroline Jurie, the 2019 winner, came and immediately took off the trophy. De Silva, who has divorced her husband, is no longer entitled to the award.
MAWMLUH CHERRA CEMENTS LTD“Why they can’t stop Buying"Is it the international Quality Award winning cement is it the most Trusted, most Fast Setting, most Durable Most Cement.
How to be careful is not easy, because they are from the village.
Now there are no signs of the disease and I am still in isolation.
Shillong, June 08: The three-day annual Shad Suk Mynsiem by the Seng Khasi Kmie, Mawkhar Shillong, started on Saturday.
After these, the SSA will hold the U-20 Fourth Division in June, the Third Division in July, the Second Division in November and the First Division in April.
On the other hand, he said that this year, there will be 166 Puja pandals in the state including 87 in East, South and West Khasi Hills, 11 in Ri-Bhoi, 9 in Jaintia Hills and 54 in Garo Hills. Hills.
Pynhun Dhar, Ratacherra.
Religious leaders who have the authority to worship in the Catholic Church, other Christian churches, Hinduism, Muslim Buddhism and other religions are the salonsar Priests and Sohblei, if taken salonsar as in the traditional religion. Khasi spirit.
How do the school authorities and parents feel about this? In the New Education Policy of the Government, such changes should be looked into and thought carefully by the syllabus authorities so as not to affect them. the education of children later in the future.
He gave an example of himself that he wanted to study civil service but his parents encouraged him to study doctorate and this did not go anywhere. They should be able to look after the talents of their children so that their future will not be lost.
Why we are discussing this issue here is because we don't want the HNLC to demand the hill to be covered with a dkhan and we don't want the state government to offer a pistol and a pistol. As mentioned above, the peace talks are good and interesting, but the HNLC should make clear its position, what it wants and whether it is or not. The State Government or the Government of India, because if it means only the return home, it is only a surrender, but if there are issues, then there is a peace talk. two moms.
Especially in these times when the government grant has been lost, even those who don't know how to write A and B want to become Rangbah Shnong or Secretary Shnong.
The wedding ceremony was very urgent, in which no guests were prepared and only those who were closest to the wedding ceremony attended.
On this occasion, the KSU Ri Bhoi, has extended its best wishes to Johnhny Nongrum, and wishes him all the best. to bring glory to the state and the nation.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kurbah said that no one has applied for tickets to contest the MDC elections to be held next year.
Through these committees, the members and office bearers have to think about the kinds of works that the people need”.
It is feared that if this bridge is not able to withstand the force of the Umsaw of the river during the rainy season, which could erode the ground to make a path and destroy the entire building.
If a special session is not called, the ILP should be issued through an ordinance and regularized in August because we have to protect the nation.
He said that the Seng Khihlang together with the Seiñraij Wahiajer have invited all the children of the Hynniewtrep people to take their time to attend the tournament.
The Leader of the Opposition Voice of the People Party (VPP) North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum on November 12, 2013, urged the State Government to order the government departments to take action against their employees. residents of Mawlong Market Area (Metor Area) to avoid the need to allocate another 1.4 acres of land for their relocation.
International cooperation is essential for the sharing of appropriate methods and the overcoming of bottlenecks.
“The Congress has worked with the people of Meghalaya in the establishment of the state to fulfill the aspirations of the people of the state.
On the other hand, the president of KJDSTA said that the school leaders or SMCs have good knowledge regarding the students or parents and this will help the government to take any action. decide for school.
The same government has also introduced a Reservation Policy for the Hynniewtrep and Achik people.
The three-day meeting of the Khun u Hynniewtrep, which included prayer, encouragement, exhibition of their own larity, which included dancing and singing known as “The Khasi Seng Raij” held at Tyrsad in East Khasi Hills by the Seng Khasi Tyrsad Pyllun has concluded today.
A more special campaign, not only for themselves but for their own 'khyndan', that is, those who will stand for election from different Assembly Constituencies, of this Khasi Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, Naitung 04 : A group of Upper Primary School Teachers (MUPSTA) today met with the Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma to discuss the issue of 844 Upper Primary Schools to be upgraded to Deficit status.
However, there is a strong suspicion that he may be forced by the Prime Minister to resign before the election because if he leads Bah Sanbor, the Prime Minister does not have confidence.
Disparsing said the Chairman of the Managing Director of the department has informed that MeECL has to buy electricity from other companies at T.8 per unit and sell it back to the public at T. unit but there are four companies that sell bording to the department at a price of T.3 per unit.
The tournament was inaugurated by Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS as the Chief Guest in the presence of Bah John F Kharshiing, Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) as the Chief Guest, Sports Officers, Sports Department officials, DSOs and students.
Lajan all the Hima, the villages, the towns, In Prah, in Prah, the voice comes out; Except for the wealthy supporters of the N.P.P.
Therefore, I request the government to warn and punish severely if such acts are found, which affect the traffic of the people especially at night.
They were arrested by the Nongalbibra PS in South Garo Hills.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the East Khasi Hills Local Taxi Welfare Association, Bah Alkwiz Kharbani, said that from today, foreigners will not be allowed to operate. They requested not to ban the earnings because it is almost time for the results, but the union has not found a ban in all, but only in Khyndai Lad where they are not allowed to earn.
The devil is like a lion watching over the young goats on the ground, and as soon as he gets a chance he comes to catch them.
The Meghalaya House, located on Russel Street, Kolkata, has three parts, a block, a parking lot, a market on an area of ​​80950 sq.ft.
We will start with strong protests first and if the government continues to persist, we will have to strengthen and give strong protests,” said Bah Ardent.
However, the Assam government has provided them with everything they need and they don't want to withdraw their EPIC, Ration card, Adhaar card and other documents that need to be submitted to the government when asking for assistance.
“Ka KHNAM State Youth Wing will continue to oppose the railway line because until now we have not seen any mechanism to prevent the illegal entry of mynder into the state,” said Thomas Passah, President, KHNAM State Youth Wing.
Wah Nangbah Junction (No Entry): After 3 PM, all vehicles coming from New Hill Point and Wah Nangbah will not be allowed to enter through the road to the DC office except for vehicles of election officials and those carrying goods. EVMs cannot enter the Nangbah Stand.
The protest against the ILP started in Jowai on Tuesday.
Demthring turned the tide around through Bony First Pyrtuh in the 34th minute and these two goals lasted until the end of the first half.
“He said that they have decided that besides what the KHADC has prepared, they will also give their opinion and it is up to the Council how to strengthen the foundation.
On the same day, they were welcomed to the Khasi religion by the elders and longsan of the Sengbah of Nongshat Nongkhein of the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
IEC Van arrives in Zanaskar and Kargil in LadakhThe Vikasit Bharat Sankalp Yatra has arrived in Zanaskar and Kargil in Ladakh, taking the message of the campaign to the poorest parts of the country to reach.
Custom: In the Khasi custom, only the man is responsible for the village.
Shillong, Nailur 18 : A contractor has lodged a complaint with the Meghalaya High Court against an Executive Engineer of the Public Health Engineering (PHE) department for allegedly demanding too much money. lakh to release the Bill of Works implemented under the Jal Jeevan Mission (JJM) scheme.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Ri-Bhoi District, today met with the CEM of the District Council, Bah TW Chyne to discuss the issue of the District Council's ban on Rangbah Shnongs from taking part in the work. The Rangbah Shnongs are deeply concerned about this issue.
The ceremony was held at the hall of Umdihar Presbyterian Secondary School, Umdihar, where the students, teachers and the groups will lead the school. District level Subroto Cup.
In Mairang, former MDA Chairman Metbah Lyngdoh won from the UDP. In Mawthad Raishan, Shakliar Warjri won from the HSPDP. Similarly, in West Khasi Hills, two NPP MLAs, Mac Millan Byrsat from Nongstoin and Gigur Myrthong from Mawshynrut, have lost their seats.
After receiving information about the incident, fire trucks rushed to the scene to extinguish the fire.
Speaking to media, the President of the HYC, Bah Roykupar Synrem, said that when the HYC visited the school, it found that the NEHU conducts the examination. It is completely wrong that they have not been able to provide even the requirements for the students to write the examination.
Once the election candidates went out and promised and talked about development, the people became confused and didn't know anyone anymore.
They were identified as Wanbor Kshiar (29) and Andy Marbaniang (21) from Sadew, who burnt down the church building of the Sengbah Nongshat Nongkhein at Baniun, Upper Shillong. on the night of November 5, 2017.
He said the meeting has decided to invite two parties, those against the road and those who want the road on Tuesday, 1st July, where 10 people from each group should attend. The meeting will be held at 1 pm.
Speaking to reporters after the results were released, she said she was very happy to be included in the top
I hope that the Honorable Government will consider this suggestion of mine.
Speaking on the occasion, Gohain said the scheme has provided assistance to 2.2 crore households since its implementation last year.
If you really love the nation, Rang ko Thei leader of Ri Hynniewtrep, I ask you to put behind your selfishness, put the people first, as you have sworn to serve them when you are born. they are answered when you pray and ask for help from your beloved people.
When asked whether the party has taken any steps to talk to its colleagues in the Opposition to force the government to convene a special session, he said that this is the only step now. of the VPP and said that the party will see if it needs to invite other parties to raise the demand for the convening of the Dorbar.
Speaking to reporters, the Congress MLAs alleged that their departure from the party is due to the rule of the party leader who is also the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The tyngshop of the rulers of the Government of India can only hurt and upset the victim.
The Minister said this while replying to a question by Nongthymmai MLA Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the House today.
You can always expect him to lead you to my house.
On the same day, there was also an exhibition of jhur, soh, um soh and others organized by the District Horticulture Office, South West Khasi Hills District through the financial support of the Department of Agriculture. and Processed Food Products Export Development Authority, New Delhi.
God and the Lamb are the Temple of that new Jerusalem.
Pelcy Snaitang, former President of the BJP Women's Morcha Meghalaya State Unit, said, “When we see a video on social media that two women have been raped in front of the crowd, Manipur and the violence we have never seen before, really affects our spirit and emotions as women.
He said that the idea that some of the residents of the villages to be affected by this project will become refugees, will be flooded, is wrong and misunderstood because the truth is not. long how.
The last time she spoke to her mother was when she was on her way back to Shillong in Kolkata.
Meanwhile, 10 others have been missing since the day of the eruption.
This mother has difficulty in feeding her children since they are young and she has not been able to go to work and if she goes she has to leave behind a 6 month old child.
“This has been allocated for the construction of the hostel at a cost of Rs 4.50 crore,” he said.
Bah Henry Mukhim – E/C member UDP Ri Bhoi District
Our friends from Garo Hills seem to understand politics better,” he said while talking to media at his residence.
Regarding the government's plan to install a weighbridge in the area, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni said that the NTC expresses its strong opposition to the government's plan to install a weighbridge in the area. The construction of this weighbridge will be a major problem for the people of Nongpoh area.
Suni Bareh, said that as an election candidate, he did not go to the people of the constituency with money, but he went to the people with love and trust and with the hope that the people will give him the opportunity, with their love and trust, to reach the goal.
The rain accompanied by thunderstorms began Saturday morning and continued through Sunday October 19, 2023.
Other speakers included the Rangbah Shnong, Bah Johny Roy Khongkiang.
Speaking on the occasion, Health Minister Veena George said that violence against health workers is unacceptable in any area and this is why the The Kerala Cabinet has agreed to introduce a law to punish such criminals.
According to the NDPS Act, the vehicle was searched in the presence of private witnesses and during the search, a blue plate was recovered.
The Russian missiles arrived in the city of Dzhankoy, just 12 kilometers from the Ukrainian border, on Friday night, the report said.
Singh said the state government has fought hard as much as possible to restore peace and order in the state.
The match between Dulong and Mulang Ialong ended without any goal.
Speaking on the occasion, the Secretary of the HPC said, “This incident should not be left alone but it is a sign of the past. They are a rich ethnic group living in the state of Meghalaya.
From the east, east to west of Shillong.
He said that the supply of water to the households varies from one district to another.
This is the information from his sons, Ambrose Nongtdu and Demetrius Nongtdu.
To date, the Central Government has not been able to introduce amendments to the provisions of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
After a thorough discussion on the loss of exporters, the meeting decided to demand from the state government and to give Chief Minister Conrad Sangma within 10 days to respond. Therefore, these smugglers will have to take another route.
“There should be no disturbance of peace and order in the name of the future of the youth.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MUDA) on Friday issued a notice to suspend all new construction in the city of Meghalaya. Them Mawlong Market.
The group also appeals to all that as the Lok Sabha elections approach, the residents should be vigilant and transparent.
East Khasi Hills has 36 cases, 3 cases in East Jaintia Hills, 4 cases in Ri Bhoi, 7 cases in West Garo Hills, 1 case in North Garo Hills and 1 case in East Garo Hills.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) will hold a program to honor the students who have passed well in various grades living in Jaintia Hills.
On the other hand, the union has expressed its dissatisfaction with the employment of foreigners in the villages of West Khasi Hills District and strongly condemns the Government for not allowing the youth of the state to leave. in such cases.
However, it cannot be denied that the story of such a brother, began to affect his mind.
Shillong, Nailar 10 : The Minister of State for Wildlife (DoNER) G Kishan Reddy on Friday said that the Government of Meghalaya has already declared some forests as Community Reserves under the Wildlife Act. (Protection) Act, 1972.
Members who resigned include Mawtawar Unit President Roderick A Rani, General Secretary Banteilang Snaitang, Organizing Secretary Iengskhemlang Khongwar, Asst Org Secretary Benedick Nongrang, Edu Secretary Bankerlang Diengdoh, Sports Secretary Michael Lyngdoh and Publicity Secretary Ph. Sawkmie.
Shillong: The juti weavers and juti dyers who live in Khyndailad don't have time to do their job anymore, but they have to sell clothes at auction.
It was also warned that the residents of the village should not leave their homes or go outside, but should stay at home.
The Jaintia Youth Federation (JYF) will hold a peace rally tomorrow after the class of the students who passed matriculation at Kiang Nangbah Government Higher Secondary School, Jowai.
At the same time, the Oregon Grizzlys beat Alpha 5 by 39 points to
The following are some of the most important provisions of this Act (BEFR 1873):-Section 2 – The State Government may from time to time amend the Inner Line in any of the above-mentioned districts (Garo, Khasi and Jaintia districts included).
Mokhain SC scored the first goal of the match.
They moved from there to Pyndentraw and went down to the fields below Phodsohshit.
Israeli troops have shot dead three Hamas militants, known as the Daraj Tuffah Battalion, and said they were involved in the attack. the killing of the people of Israel, on the 7th of March
However, it cannot be reached to Rngisawlia Village, so why can't it be completed as it has started and as it has been done in other places.
In addition, there is a detailed explanation on the scheme and how to achieve the target in 2022-2
Besides these four houses which have already been built by the Urban Development Department, there are five other houses which have been left empty with only païa and tap slep which have not been completed.
“You have to have a goal because it will show you the way to work and move forward with a vision to achieve the goal.
Due to this incident, the organizers had to suspend the voting immediately.
B.5 PM to 8 PM only for Wholesale Shops for Villages within Mairang Civil Sub Division, except Villages within Kynshi Pyllun.
Presidential spokesman Salvador Panelo told reporters that Duterte had directed government officials to find ships to bring back the Canadian waste to the country. in Ri.
Among other issues , MEPA has also renewed its office bearers by re-electing Bah RM Shabong as President , John Wthabah and Dr . Kamal Jhunjhunwala as President Allwyn GKynta as Joint Secretary, Kyrmen Uriah as Organizing Secretary and Amethys L Blah as Treasurer.
FKJGP under the leadership of Samla Pynshai Kharbani President Nongstoin Pyllun, today visited the family by donating a few items as part of their condolences to the community.
The government should blacklist this contractor and Rajkiya Nirman Nigam Ltd and should also stop the awarding of contracts to foreigners because they are just doing the work just to get money from the state. .
" said Mr. Kharkrang.
St Dominic Church, Mawlai has paid T.19.50 lakh for 45 sq ft and 10 acres.
In the middle of the protest, members of KSU East Jaintia Hills with the support of other Sengbhalang, VPP East Jaintia Hills leaders and the people, brought earth and threw it on the road. They also planted rice, because this road has been covered with rice for a long time, especially when it rains.
Shillong, July 22: The name of the Congress candidate for the Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency has been announced today. he will not contest the MP election if he does not get a ticket.
Those who drank two to three units per day had a 77 percent lower risk of death than those who drank only one unit or less per day after accounting for age, education, gender and smoking, researchers reported in the BMJ Open.
After the police had completed the investigation, the body was handed over to the family members for the rituals.
Elevenson Wanniang, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Volleyball Association, said that this is the first time that the district has been able to represent the district in the Meghalaya Games. There were many talented youths from the District who have excelled in the field of volleyball.
The reason why the RBYF Umsning leaders have demanded that the banks in Umsning should provide ATMs is after receiving many complaints from the public. Twenty villages in Umsning area have complained to the union regarding the lack of ATM machines in Umsning.
There is a saying, “Cleanliness is next to Godliness, but the same people who practice religion are also violators of all the laws of nature.
On the other hand, the DGP should take action to strengthen the Anti-Narcotics Task Force (ANTF) in each district.
The JAC through a letter of demand dated 17/09/2019 and No: JAC/Soh/12/2021-22/01 Dated: 01/12/2021 and other letters has demanded the resignation of the Bashemphang Thabah from the post of Lyngdohship of Sohiong Hima in accordance with Sections 6(1)(a), 6(1)(b), 6(1)(c), 6(1)(f), 6(1)(h) ), 6(1)(i), and 6(1)(k) of the Act,
“I am happy and I don't care even if I lose the election and when I was with the Congress, we didn't get anything related to development. “The Sub Division is for the benefit of all... You will be happy whether it is in schools and others,” said Danggo, who also resigned from the Congress last month to prepare again to contest. from the NPP in the upcoming mid-term elections.
“Ka seng will consider this issue in the coming days and will also take necessary measures if the relevant authorities do not proceed smoothly on this issue so that the Our brothers and sisters will be free from these sorrows in the future,” said the statement.
BBS College, Shillong, reached the final after beating NEIAH, Shillong by seven wickets in the second semi final on Friday.
From time to time, BJP leaders have come forward to criticize the Conrad government.
The Rohingya people live in Rakhine state on the northwestern coast of the Bay of Bengal in Burma or now Myanmar.
He admonished the youth by saying that the Church needs the youth.
Therefore, we have to keep this in mind because as we approach the next five years, we have to focus on the allocation of funds to improve health facilities especially after the disaster. the Covid virus.
In a message to other villages after receiving this award, the Rangbah Shnong said that if we value the living things in the environment, the environment has given us Therefore, as citizens, we should have an understanding of the importance of preserving all living things in the environment especially in these days if we don't protect the environment. The biggest problem is the lack of drinking water, he added.
The Sports Department of North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has opened the NEHU Inter College Football (Men) Tournament 2023 from 21st July and closed on Friday 31st July at the NEHU Stadium. The match was played at the NEHU Permanent Campus, Shillong.
Speaking on the occasion, the Minister said that the creation of Mawpat Block was after the government saw that the population of Mylliem has become very high and it needs the government to It will create another Block besides Mawlai, because even if the villages of Mawpat area are included, the size of Mawlai Block is still high even though it has been separated from Mylliem.
The Lumparing lifter, who used to compete in Meghalaya Power Lifting, won the gold medal after beating all the competitors in the Bench Press (120kg). The 1st State Classic Powerlifting Competition was held on the 9th of this month at Umsning, Ri Bhoi District.
The 26th Society of Operations Management (SOM) Conference 2023 organized by IIM Shillong, on the theme “Sustainability and Resilience in Operations Management” has been held at Emerald. Publishing, EBSCO and TLS Group.
If we talk about the corona virus especially these days we see that even children know what the corona virus is.
Deibormi Toi, President Elect Rotary Club Jowai.
The idea of ​​the Khasi to go to heaven is to earn money and become rich like other rich people of the world.
She also said that the village patrol teams together with the women and village headmen have the right to explain to the residents that they should refrain from such crimes.
When asked about the issues recently released at the meeting in Jowai, the ILP and others, Prestone said, “The NPP is committed to monitoring this issue with the Indian government to implement and include The Khasi and Garo languages ​​should be included in Article 5 of the Constitution of India.
“Even many of the MLAs don't understand the Hindu language, let alone the people of the state,” said Bah Kyrsoi.
Khliehriat, June 07 : The East Jaintia Hills District Council (ENC) on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, urging him to take action to suspend the The union has also found that there are trucks carrying coal from abroad without proper permits. page and this is illegal.
Synsar is one of the most powerful plants to absorb nutrients from the soil compared to other plants such as rice, rice bran, jhur, diengsoh, sying, shynrai, slasha, kait, shriew and other crops.
It is alleged that the collapse of the bridge is due to the overloading of trucks despite the PWD's ban on carrying more than 9 tonnes.
The district authorities, seeing that the protest could escalate, have announced to suspend the public hearing, according to a police source. When the announcement was made, the people began to leave the place.
Because of the two elections in KHADC, as mentioned above, it was 14-1
Not only that, Bah Pangniang strongly condemned the exploiters who created trouble and urged both the Khasi and Nepali people not to create trouble either on the land or in the land. He also urged the state government to take action to resolve the border issue. They should agree with both the states, so that development works can proceed in the area as until now there has been a delay in the implementation of development works in the area.
Besides these, there are also vehicles coming from other districts but also vehicles of government vehicles, police vehicles, army vehicles, army vehicles and many other army vehicles passing through Shillong. .
Chandana, at the time of filing her nomination, had T.8,335 in her hand and her husband had T.1,5
If that Christian life is contrary to the teachings of the Word of God, it means that it has become like blood that has turned into blood and is no longer needed except to be thrown away because it is unusable. like that you mluh.
"NO QUALIFICATION NO LEgislation" GIVES IT.
Other speakers on the occasion were LD Lakiang Rangbah Shnong Ladthalaboh Dorbar Shnong and HH Mohrmen President of SURE. Mohrmen.
We should not be surprised by this order of the East Khasi Hills District Administration and that the Meghalaya High Court has clearly stated that the traffic jam in these two places, namely, in Khyndai Lad and also in Khyndai Lad. area Motfran.
Before starting the repairs, the experts inspected and examined the bridge from the beginning to the end and also to check the condition of the bridge to identify the parts that have been damaged, he said. Goyal.
After all the lyndans had come down from the rynsan, the leaders of Bah Rowell looked for him and asked, 'Where is he?'
On the other hand, Sarma and Sangma are ready to reach a final decision on the land disputes in Taradubi, Gizang, Hakim, Boklapara, Khanapara-Pilingkata and Ratacherra, before 21st July
On the other hand, the leaders of FKJGP Upper Shillong Circle, after receiving information that Bah Damas Nongkhlaw has been discharged from the hospital, went to meet the family members of Bah Damas Nongkhlaw. After receiving all the information, the Seng together with Bah Starwin Kharjana, President Khasi Disabilities Association on 4th March 2017, went to meet him. Bah Vivek Syiem, SP City to urge to take action and fight against this act which violates the rights of persons with disabilities (The Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act,
That's why we need to take more responsibility for chess until the time comes when we can't treat it with medicines.
Speaking to reporters, many of the residents of the church said that this decision will not affect the poor, but in fact the government should have taken the decision. I'm not sure what to do.
If this new prediction is true, the coalition government will be the same, that is, the MDA-II as happened to the MUA I & II government of Dr Mukul Sangma in – 2013 , 2011 – 2013 – 2018.
The M.Tech program in Nanotechnology at NEHU is aimed at providing opportunities for students who have experience in the field of Nanotechnology, Biochemical Engineering, Biomedical Engineering, Biotechnology, Chemical Engineering, Electronics Engineering, Energy. Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Metallurgical Engineering and also those who are M.Sc.
In scientific terms, it is known as a geomagnetic storm and this fast-moving storm can disrupt the earth's magnetic fields and then the instruments that tell the state of the Earth's magnetic field. of nature.
Yes, there should be a government scheme to help such poor families so that if the children pass school they can go to college and so on and they can also get job training. skill training to produce various products or to increase the value of soh ki pai by converting soybean juice or other food items.
Only because the shopkeeper, who was illiterate, was afraid of falling into the hands of the police, had to pay the fine.
At the same time, he said that the office of the DC and SP will count according to the number of vehicles between the two parties (JHTOA and EJHTOTA).
However, the MLAs and governments that have come to Meghalaya, have treated the farmers as dewthala.
According to Bah Kharkrang, the state police have completed all the work related to this project and what remains is for the company to implement it immediately.
Therefore, don't be quick to convince anyone, don't be quiet and don't be quick to stir up the people because it is harmful.
The counting of votes for the MLA elections in Sohiong was held on Tuesday and the counting of votes will be held on the 13th of this month.
He suggested to the District Council to write to the state government and inform that without the NOC from the District Council, no signboard can be erected.
After that, the man who claimed to be a veterinary doctor left the scene and threatened the BSF personnel on duty that they will face serious trouble.
Shillong: The Khasi Jaintia Christian Leaders Forum (KJCLF) has issued three licenses for the construction of casinos in the state. on Tuesday 13th November strongly condemned this action of the Government which includes all the political parties involved in it.
From the beginning, the UDP leaders' struggle to get ticket for Bah Jemino, in the shape of a bomb, has been excessive, in which they have been forced to justice. Friends who have worked in the government, whether it is the NPP or even the HSPDP and others, but it has been seen that once they get the ticket, they think that they have won the victory and their work is worthwhile. I'm sure you'll be able to vote for the Congress candidate.
In the second leg, Ladthalaboh SC beat Laskeiñ DSA 5-0. Think Well Bareh scored the goals in the 4th minute and Nickyboy Swer scored the second goal in the 26th minute. & 63 min.
The incident happened at 1:20 pm while the Maruti Car carrying four women and a driver was returning from Umroi to Umsning. , but when they reached Mawpun Kshaid, they encountered this incident.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: U Minister of State for Railways, Rajen Gohain today said that Meghalaya has a Sixth Schedule which protects the entry of foreigners into the state. from the influx of people and the construction of the railway will not affect the migration of foreigners.
The singers and musicians of this group have encouraged the youth of Sohra to take part in such programmes.
The MeECL chief said that the reason why the department is opposed to the PWD is because the area where the land has been dug is a high place where there is a residence for the MeECL employees “We are afraid that this will destroy the homes of the workers, we don't want to see such incidents,” said Deb.
Shillong, Jymmang 28: After the counting of votes, many people have started to complain about the receipt of money from the candidates in the last elections.
It is through these heroes of the country that we can breathe and walk around the country without being chained.
The vehicle was driven by Oldining Syiem, 25, of Rambrai and the driver survived the incident.
Kitbok Lyngdoh scored 42 runs and Defender Dkhar 34 runs.
“The government has accepted the request of the village authorities and we have not sent the Central Force to patrol the areas where there is incident but instead of them we have deployed the state police. they will patrol in some areas that are not safe," he said.
“Inside the House, my speech was very clear.
Thus, the water we get to eat, drink, and wash ourselves is made up of a mixture of these two gases.
He said that a transformer is needed for special use.
The bill is also available for Smart Smart Shisha.
Relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to come immediately to the morgue of these hospitals by calling these numbers.
Ms Kitboklang Suchiang told about their Community Seed Bank in Mulum village which started in
Within 60 hours, all those involved in the case were arrested and the vehicle carrying the drugs was seized by the police.
Let’s avoid increasing investments.
He urged the teachers especially those who have already received training to take good care of the equipment inside the laboratory as they are different equipment and difficult to replace if damaged.
After the opening of the Jubilee, the Church held various programmes, including Sports Games for Children, Youth, Women, Elders as well as Elders and Elders.
There are many such employees, who have learned, and they are happy to look after those who are less knowledgeable, so that there will be no mistakes.
Some of the areas of Shillong which have been affected by the storm include Nongrah, Nongpathaw, Nongmensong, Pynthor and the worst affected areas are Umpling.
Referring to the Bill, Marak said, “It is a Bill which aims to forcibly destroy the customs and traditions which have been around for hundreds of years, which is like a trade”. Marak has alleged that the Congress MDCs are working for Dr. Mukul Sangma, the Prime Minister who is investigating whether his ST status is true or not. the Prime Minister.
One of the soldiers, who is stationed at the Baron Hotel near the airport in Kabul, said: “The women are afraid of themselves because they have been beaten by the Taliban.
The SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, said that police have been deployed at various places to ensure that there will be no disturbance during the celebration.
The music video is sung by Ram Suchiang and features Rangkynsai Lynching, Sherillin Khongwar and Bakhamsan Nongbri.
The House will be chaired by the Speaker, Abutaher Mandal and immediately after the President's speech, he will leave for Raj Bhavan and after that, the session will be concluded. the news.
We as a village accept that and respect the law.
Earlier, the question was put to the Minister of Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri, but when the Minister said that the question was outside the topic, the Chief Minister stood up and said The government is working hard to provide venues to host and hold this tournament.
“It's true... It's true if that's the case... It's true if he loves you so much that he gets everything he wants...” Rida added. The words of her friend began to penetrate Rida's heart.
After receiving the complaint, the Rynjah PS police immediately conducted a search operation and arrested the foreigner, who had committed these crimes even in public places.
“These people are trying to show force against the Government.
“The wind of the mid-term elections for South Tura and Ranikor is blowing towards the NPP,” he said. “The people of South Tura are not stupid and happy to elect an MLA candidate. who is also the Prime Minister'
“How can we do if we don't get land including the Umsning Bypass,” said a source from NHAI. The authorities of Ri Bhoi District in this regard are still conducting and unfortunately the land acquisition has been suspended till today.
Another decision regarding the cleaning of garbage is the adequate outdoor area, which the KHADC has urged the Hima Mylliem to find land to build new outdoor outlets, because that the public outing on the streets shows that it is difficult to walk and stand inside the market.
Shillong, Lber 25: Smit CC and Pomshutia CC have won the two matches of the 3rd District T20 Cricket Tournament 2024 of the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association.
:A new Khasi song, titled “Handyman Bus”, will be released on 13th June 2023, in West Jaintia Hills.
BJP National General Secretary Raturaj Sinha said Meghalaya is ready to work with Modi on development issues in the state. He said that the state needs change, so the BJP will bring about change.
The Government of Meghalaya is the Government of the country.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 18: The Union of Village Authorities of Maweit District, which includes 46 villages, on Tuesday honored Bah Gigur Myrthong, former MLA of Mawshynrut constituency at the same time as MDC, on the basis of the construction of the 35 km road from Nongstoiñ to Maweit.
The CEM also urged all the residents of the market, vehicles and the residents to take part in the flag raising ceremony led by the KHADC. KHADC, the reporter visited the office and saw that there was a flag raising ceremony for all the employees of KHADC, but after visiting the rooms of the EMs, the reporter found that there was no flag raising ceremony. There were no other EMs on the occasion except CEM Pynshngaiñ, Dy.CEM Process T Sawkmie and later James Sylliang, EM Trade Department.
Two suspects turned to the wine store where Sangma was staying and shot him in the leg. The manager was seriously injured. .
All this is due to the hard work of the MLA and MDC of Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang.
He is also the player who won the ATP tournament in Acapulco and reached the final in Indian Wells; He lost to USA's Taylor Fritz in the final.
In the midst of many shortcomings and shortcomings, we are trying our best to bring about the betterment of this district where we work and we feel sorry especially for those who are our brothers and sisters. When you happen to be like this, do you have a word?
He complained that last night about 80 to 100 robbers entered his farm and injured his workers and destroyed and set fire to rooms and shops and stole 63,000 and a laptop.
Jawaharlal Nehru and Dr. Ambedkar as chairman at the time of its drafting, it was able to reap the fruits of victory after much discussion and it was here that it was approved on 26th November 1949 and implemented. It was born on 26th January
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: Angel Supuh, a Khasi Pnar girl from Bangladesh, has made her nation famous in Bangladesh by rising to the highest position in the Echo Bangladesh.
Police, Flying Squad and Surveillance Team in charge of Umkiang Out Post have conducted a thorough search operation at the Umkiang Out Post since the 19th and on that day alone they have seized 10.72 lakh tyngka from people passing through the area.
Wajning G Momin, 50, of Sindilgre SWGH, a farmer who does not deposit money in banks, has opened an account to deposit T.50 lakh. from the sale of his produce.
He said that only four species of fish are imported from Andhra Pradesh.
“I will not hesitate to appear before the people if your office does not take immediate action on this issue,” said Bah HS Shylla MDC of Nongkrem.
The match for this tournament will continue on the 30th of this month where Amlarem SC will play against Umladkhur SC. , commuters in the state have suffered due to the poor condition of the roads.
Patricia was shocked by her boyfriend's actions and took the tattoo artist's pen and wrote the word Yes.
Speaking to reporters, Alok Bhattacharya said, “This is the first step for the CRPF to conduct these awareness campaigns in Meghalaya and this will bring about a closer relationship with the public residents.
Replace this government that has ruled for five years, they have not done anything, they don't have schools, medical colleges, they haven't built adequate roads and adequate health care, but only that you are right.
Sohra has received more than 800 mm of rainfall six times in July since the IMD started recording in 1901, according to the IMD report. Sohra has received 4081.3 mm of rainfall this month alone, said Sunit Das, Scientist E of the Regional Centre, Guwahati of the IMD.
The Khasi Student Unions (KSU) of Mawkyrwat Circle and Ranikor Circle today expressed their deep sorrow after the complaint of the people of the district due to the absence of a full time Executive Engineer. Mawkyrwat Division Water Supply Department has been vacant for more than 6 months since last year and no one has come to work or leave since the transfer. Speaking to reporters, the KSU leaders expressed their satisfaction that they have appointed the MLA from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Renikon Lyngdoh Tongkhar as the Minister in charge of Water Supply and Water Resources. Meghalaya, however, has not been able to appoint a full time Executive Engineer for more than six months, as many jobs have remained vacant.
At this programme, the district police chiefs including SP Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, SP (Crimes) Bah Vivek Syiem gave speeches and explanations to the students on the need to make Shillong a city free from crime. risk and make it one of the safest cities.
If it doesn't happen as we want, it's up to the people of the area how to do,” said Bah Thaïang.
KSU NKH Vice President Vincent Makri said that the KSU has suspended the registration of Aadhar numbers in Umtyrnga village where there are more than 200 people who wanted to register their Aadhar numbers. The district administration on Thursday.
Delhi Police say Neelam and Anmol did not carry mobile phones and did not have any documents to prove that they entered Parliament of their own free will. themselves and are not involved at all with other groups.
Not only the mobile phones that the thieves tried to steal from the place, but they did not forgive even the bags and clothes. he didn't even have clothes to wear, and another had his leather jacket stolen.
Therefore, unless that woman is from the thymmei kynja puri, her descendants who will be kings in the Hima, will not be able to escape and conquer the powers of the demons.
Assam has reported 2,77,687 cases of coronavirus, with 4,936 confirmed cases and 46 deaths, bringing the total number of deaths to 1,5 state.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The people of Bapli are excited and looking forward to the benefits of getting more and more of these MLAs who want to be on the side of the government.
The NPP candidate, James PK Sangma, has a wealth of more than Rs 10 crore, but he still wants to increase his wealth.
“We request the government to try to ensure that electricity is provided in our state and that there will be no shortage of electricity for our students,” he said. these are the leaders.
The Supreme Court has directed the Central and State Governments to prepare all the necessary preparations for the NRC Up-date.
The driver of the scooty, after being hit, entered the truck and was hit by a truck with register number AS 01 CC
Speaking to media after the opening of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) meeting, the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, said that the Ministry of Home Affairs has sent a reply to the The party on the 7th of this month on the three demands of the party.
Speaking to BJP leaders, it was understood that now that the BJP is in power in Delhi, there is a special preparation for the BJP to work in the state.
However, the effort is hopeful for the future of the people in society, even if the change that the people really want should be in the whole of Ri Khasi.
SBYWA also asked the government, “Why does it take the government to auction 2 lakh tonnes of coal in Meghalaya which has been approved by the NGT? coal traders of the district to supply coal to the factories to avoid the movement of people or truck drivers and truck drivers from one State to another.
In connection with the incident, the police have completed all the necessary procedures and there is no suspicion in connection with the incident. The District Magistrate has allowed the post mortem and they have handed over the body to the family members.
Shillong, Lber 4: U Process T Sawkmie, Leader of the People's Democratic Forum (PDF) today in a meeting with reporters, has criticized the President of KHNAM, Bah Pyndapbor Saibon. Sawkmie said that the first reason for his departure from KHNAM and ARPA to join KHUDA to form the PDF. “If we compare Bah Pyndap with us, the difference is that the KHNAM leaders are not the leaders who can lead any party. “It's not like the MDCs don't know, they don't sit in the dorbar, they don't talk to the MLAs, they just talk to the media only what they know but don't know the truth,” he said. Process said that the reason why he left KHNAM to join the PDF is because he saw that within the PDF there are senior leaders like Pynshngain Syiem, Mansturdy Nongrem. and others who are older, which when compared to leaders like Bah Pyndap, the difference is from heaven to earth.
We must also remember that these are the words of GG Swell who we all agree was the one who fought for the liberation of Jaintia Hills from the Coalmines Nationalization Act.
He also said that another friend of his was involved in the case.
It is the Non-Violence Direct Action of the HSPDP under the leadership of Indira Gandhi, the Prime Minister of the country.
It is appropriate to condemn the State Government which has ruled the State only for the self-style interest of the Congress party to do whatever it wants against the will of the people.
Former President of the People's Democratic Party (PDF) from Mylliem, Bah Gilbert Laloo, has joined the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on 15th November
This was announced by the Publicity Secretary of Jirang Circle, Bah Sylvester L Mawnai.
He said the government has started construction of check gate in Bhoi on government land and other areas.
Through this initiative, the IAP aims to ensure that health education and awareness reaches all residents and will benefit the entire community.
In a message on X, Kharge said it was heartbreaking to witness the devastating impact of the earthquake in Tamil Nadu, where people lost their lives. lost.
Roshem Myrthong, Vice President of the Union, in a meeting with reporters today, said that since the government has handed over the project to the Brahmaputra Board, The Brahmaputra Board has been completed.
Chandigarh: U Navjot Singh Sidhu, President of the Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee (PNC) today resigned.
Before the establishment of this fully fledged garment factory, school uniforms were supplied to various schools in Meghalaya, such as Seng Khasi Lower Primary and Upper Primary School, Jalynteng, Edu Bridge English Medium School, Laitmynrieng, Laitmynrieng, Meghalaya. RSMA School, Mawmihthied, Seven Brothers School, Kynshi and others.
The stories in the Bible are old and therefore we have to read them anew and we will have to update their meanings and relate them to the times in which we live.
In the past few months, the leaders of MSSASA have decided to appeal to the High Court against the government if it continues to remain silent on the demand for full employment. The SSA teachers have already started this section by collecting T.2000 per teacher.
He gives them hope and talks, associates and works with them in public places.
The ceremony will be held at Riwar Seng Khasi Secondary School, Rangthylliang at 10 am.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Paul said that Shillong constituency used to be the stronghold of the Congress but the political situation in India has changed dramatically and this will help parties like the UDP and “This is because on the one hand, there is a reluctance for the BJP. The fact that they have not nominated a candidate from Meghalaya shows that they know that it is not useful for them to nominate a candidate.
Therefore, Biden warned that Israel should not be slow but should be prepared to face these challenges and quick to respond.
To encourage and encourage the children on this special day, the Police of 6th BN MLP and PTS/MPA Umran also wore their old school uniforms, to remember the past years. They are still in school and they have decided to encourage these children.
The boundary of Mukroh village extends to the Forest Check Gate and this gate is three and seven kilometers east of the boundary (of Mukroh) and ends at Motha Siangkwai,” he said. “However, Assam has accused the Forest Check Gate of being stolen.
With the assistance of Lenovo, Meghalaya is conducting online and offline training programs for teachers in Meghalaya.
Rowel and AL Hek have been removed from their posts and replaced by Martin M Danggo and Ronnie V Lyngdoh.
A teacher from Sankerdev College, P Syiemlieh, said the Bill does not look at the welfare of the indigenous people but will protect foreigners.
“For 25 years now, the District Council has not been able to pass any law like the Land Bill, the Land Transfer Act and other laws aimed at destroying the people,” said Bah Kharkongor. He added that all this is because the EC in the District Council is ruled by a foreign party.
In fact, many times we have reminded the management of VMart, but they have acted unfairly and decided to temporarily close this market.
On the other hand, Bah Sniawbha said that sports especially football is no longer just for sports or to promote one's own team but it is an income generating activity for the youth.
The 2nd NTPc National Ranking Archery Tournament was opened in the city today and will be closed on the 28th October.
Mawkyrwat, June 03: The Minister of Water Affairs and Drinking Water and Sanitation, Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, today launched a book written by T.Bn. .
What is more shocking is the order against the police chiefs to arrest without following the procedures of the law, against the people who just shout,” said the leader of the police. VPP.“However, we strongly urge those who have a spirit for the party to take measures to refrain from such calls if it is in such a manner so as not to cause trouble in the society. .
On the other hand, Dr D Shylla, District Medical and Health Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, spoke on the mental health problems and the social problems. These types of illnesses can be prevented through the support of the community, especially the family members of the affected people.
According to official documents from the District School Education Officer (DSEO) of East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, there are 1072 deficit teachers in various schools (except Lower Primary Schools). of East Khasi Hills, including 85 teachers from 4 deficit schools in Sohra Sub-Division, 73 teachers from different schools, the Government is still issuing appointment orders. ).
At this meeting, Bah Hek said that the meeting was fruitful in which both sides were able to resolve the issues between them and agreed to start the implementation of the project. Ambulance 108 in the State.
The Mawphlang MLA, who quoted from information and estimates from around the world, said that according to the information and estimates of experts, Bangladesh is one of the countries most affected by climate change in the country. which will cover the earth and at that time, people will have to flee their homes and which is to enter India, a neighboring country.
About five people have been arrested after these incidents, where the police have found out the truth and can prevent such incidents.
Furthermore, U Lyngdoh added that the non-completion of the Niam Raid Niam Shnong will undermine the rule of law.
We especially remember that Paul wrote to Philemon to ask Onesimus (a slave) to receive him back even though he had done wrong because Onesimus had experienced and accepted Jesus Christ.
“I would also like to remind the Chief Minister of Assam that the Riewlum are neither Hindus nor Muslims.
“From this, we have received applications from the candidates, which have been approved by the Circles.
All the services every evening will be held at the church and school grounds, but on the Lord's Day at 10 pm and 1:00 pm they will be held at Madan Polo.
He said that more than 250 villages have received roads under construction in Tura, and 70-80 percent of the residents in Tura have received drinking water.
Through the partnership groups we will be able to see the progress of women in various fields.
Jamshedpur FC are also in the bottom of the table with three points behind East Bengal FC.
Savariyanin said she will provide food to fill the plate of Shillong residents but if they make various allegations or allegations of human trafficking she will have to fight to uphold her rights even by filing a complaint. I don't pay for it.
“I don't know where I'm going, the semi final and your final, only God knows,” said the mother and stood up to wash her hands. u khun “There is still plenty of time but what if he brings the mother and the child?” said the father. “It's enough, mother,” asked the mother.
Shillong: The All Jaintia Dancers Association (ADA) has announced that it will soon start the biggest dance competition in Jaintia Hills. Dance Jaintia Dance Dance Little Champ Season-1
The BSF shot down two drones and recovered a third on Thursday last month.
During the tenure of Wailad Shylla, MLA Jowai from the NPP, the MCCL factory in Sohra was closed down in 2020, which is based on the coal mine of Sohra.
“On this basis, the Bill passed by the KHADC to abolish and create new MDC constituencies is no longer in force.
Bah Jop sat down in the kitchen to wait for the food that Rida's mother had prepared.
The SP said that in fact, the arrest of the woman for cheating and cheating has strong and sufficient evidence and that is the case with the application letters. He added that although the woman has been granted bail; However, the police will not sit idly by but will continue to monitor the incident.
Jowai, July 5: Two persons have lost their precious lives after being hit by a pyrthat.
Other Ministers who will unveil the Lai Rong on the occasion include Bah Paul Lyngdoh in Nongstoin, Bah Kyrmen Shylla in Nongpoh, Symbud Chief Minister Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar in Jowai, the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, u Thomas A Sangma in Tura, Minister Marcuise N Marak in Williamnagar, Minister Rakkam Sangma in Baghmara, Minister Comingone Ymbon in Resubelpara, Minister Bah AL Hek in Mawkyrwat, Minister AT Mondal in Ampati, Minister Dr. M Ampareen Lyngdoh in Khliehriat, and Minister S Warjri in Mairang.
Be careful not to get infected.
“Samlin, your time is over, it is the time of Bah HDR now' this is what I want to clarify whether it is the foundation or the new one. this is the way.
Saidul Ali, U14 Event- 60M & Long Jump.
The closing date for submission of application forms is July 17, 2022 and applications after the due date will not be accepted.
When asked about the two wheelers who have received permits to operate, they could not give a figure.
Kishon Dkhar 27.
They decided to hold a march from Laitumkhrah Iewrynghep Square to the Additional Secretariat.
The Deputy Commissioner said that the election went smoothly without any incident.
“Only one thing we know is that electricity is essential and the government should provide it to the people,” he said. Government offices, students as this is their examination period, has also affected the businesses of the people and especially the income of the government especially in terms of the decline in the Productivity Index.
It is to be recalled that the company has filed a complaint against the KHADC in court where the court has upheld it and ordered that the KHADC should renew its license and the EM He said that the EC is now requesting the necessary documents which it has to provide for the renewal of the licence.
Although the AAP has done well and won many votes, the weakest candidate from the party has been from Mustafabad constituency.
He said that the Congress has now become stronger after the departure of 12 MLAs from the Congress party and the people have now turned to the UDP. How to issue tickets to candidates for the 2023 Election'
“This request for funds is still pending under the supervision of the Government of India,” he said.
The awards were presented by Gracy Pohshna, Rhemmon Pohshna, Pynhun Pohshna and Tohmon Pohshna, grandchildren of (L) Rev.G.Lamat.
And that this Pateng will not end without the fulfillment of what God has spoken.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition in Meghalaya Dr. Mukul Sangma today said that the Meghalaya government and the Assam government should sit down and discuss the issues in the border areas of the two countries. state.
Shillong: MeECL employees and engineers under the banner of MeECL Engineers Association, today held a flag raising ceremony at their workplaces in Shillong, Tura and Shan State. other workplaces of the electricity department.
In addition, the team also provided training on how to breathe underwater using tyndong lyer and other training.
The State Government has also decided to purchase new buses under the JNNURM scheme at a cost of T.6,266.99 lakh.
The Minister expressed his desire to turn Shillong into a “pedestrian city” and said, “I believe that Shillong can become a pedestrian city because the villages are not far away and therefore If we have footpaths that can serve the people of the State, I think many of the people of Shillong will choose to park their vehicles in the parking lots and walk”.
Shillong, November 15: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the people of Meghalaya should no longer allow the parties headquartered in Delhi to rule because the villagers have been able to rule themselves. himself.
The road from Madanrting Market to Demthring Petrol Pump will be one way, and vehicles will be able to travel only from Madanrting Market to Demthring Petrol Pump.
“We have to conduct an investigation to find out the truth about this incident,” said Bah Kharkrang and added that his police have gone to the scene to meet the parents of the child. child to conduct an investigation into the incident.
This will threaten the peace and order and may also affect the daily wages and trade of the state residents.
The Assam Rifles Marksmen unit came fourth with 12 gold, 8 silver and 9 bronze medals.
The official order/notification of the government for the new gratuity of Rs 10 lakh is pending at the Secretariat.
As a school principal and college principal, Mother Anne was strict, fair and demanded from the children and students good and disciplined behavior.
An Alto vehicle was also hit by the ground while it was heading to Pynursla.
According to a report by the Senate, “The Wall Street Journal has published a report on corruption and bribery of an oil company to smuggle oil from this is the par.
They were arrested during a raid on restaurants and shops in the city and suburbs.
Sanbor appealed to the people that if they vote for the BJP, they have many opportunities to help the problems that have been pending for many years.
He has not been charged under any charges, but has been arrested as a suspicion for his protest against the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill (CAB), media reports said. .
Members of the Bouncers Association of Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills have come forward to complete the first vaccination campaign to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Israel as a nation has been destroyed only because of their self-righteous shepherds or rulers who have not reached anywhere.
Many praise the wise prophet and forget to praise God.
Speaking at the VPP membership registration meeting in Saitsohpen, Sohra, Bah Ardent asked the KHADC and its rulers who are asleep but ready to apply for Trading License when the MDC elections approach. The CEM who has been in charge of the KHADC for many years has never seen any issuance of Trading License but now that the MDC elections are approaching he is ready to step down. I don't know how to get a licence,” said Bah Ardent.
Jowai, June 16: The residents of Umkhyrmi Karbi Anglong (Assam) on Tuesday laid the foundation stone of Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District. which don't have thousands of acres.
“It is a small village with only nine blocks but a big village in terms of vision, we don't need only size without vision,” said Bah Paul.
Haider al-Abadi has ordered troops to be vigilant as the city has a large Sunni population.
Robertjune said that many of the leaders now have turned the election campaign into a place to talk comedy, and as civil society organizations if they leave it like that it will be a mistake, and the state will continue to suffer. more and more of the problem.
Referring to the long-term positions of teachers or staff within NEHU, the authorities should not take stingy on these positions as it would be a shame if the Vice Chancellor cannot take action against the perpetrators. bad.
According to the police examination report, Mary died of a stroke, but the relatives are still surprised that the day before her death she was talking to her brothers and sisters. He said that she will come to the village during the rainy months and bring the necessities that they have sent to her.
The heavy rains have severely affected Garo Hills, many villages have been flooded, houses have been damaged and bridges have collapsed and landslides have occurred.
Herod was one of the sons of Antipater and was appointed governor of Galilee when he was twenty-five years old.
Speaking at the briefing, Bishop Wilbert said, “The entire Diocese is deeply saddened by this incident, which has happened to our brothers and sisters in Manipur.
He said that the department in a letter dated 25th June 2023 has identified several key areas for the implementation of the Integrated Command and Control Center (ICCC) as well as other requirements such as smart poles, VMD, ECB & PAS, CCTV ITMS and RF Towers among others.
On the other hand, Kong Marian Maring, State Secretary of the BJP and BJP candidate from Nongpoh Constituency, welcomed the Congress, UDP and NPP supporters to the BJP party. The BJP in Nongpoh Constituency has been gaining strength with the support of others.
The UDP, which has eight MLAs, is now in the same group with the HSPDP, which has four MLAs, to work together in 36 constituencies in Khasi-Jaintia Hills.
The beauty pageant was held on 31st November 2021 as part of the New Year and New Year Greetings.
Without these, they said, it would have been a challenge for the children and teachers as well.
She said that after the state announced the death of one person from West Garo Hills, Ampareen said that the department will not intimidate the people of the state, but the urge the public to take all necessary precautions.
He said that the most dangerous areas are in West Garo Hills like Phulbari, Monabari, Rajabala, Bipari and others. the thurmur was prevented.
Thus, it is a great loss to the community and disrupts various activities and occupations.
They also endured for many days and nights the heat of the sun, the cold of the night, the rain and the wind without clothes and blankets, until the birds and insects came to cover their eyes.
Martha Phawa from Mihmyntdu Village, West Jaintia Hills District, has been living on the land of Mihmyntdu Village, West Jaintia Hills District. I've been selling shops for many years.
However, we regret that he secretly went without our knowledge to the ECI to mislead us about the party situation.
I'm going to leave this field with a strong heart and I'm going to work hard to honor Dr Ampareen"
As part of the opening of the Commerce and Science Stream, the management of Ri-Bhoi Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Nongpoh has laid the foundation stone for the opening of the Commerce and Science Stream. Vincent H. MP of the Lok Sabha.
Shillong: GNLA fighters have started gathering again in Garo Hills in recent days and the demand for money has started again in the area, according to reports.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Neng said the party will not hesitate to meet the Chief Secretary to inquire into the work of the Expert Committee as the party sees that this work has not been done. went ahead.
In the first half, Mooknor Thadmuthlong beat Lion 3-2 goals. Phrangki Sari scored in the 58th minute, Style Sana in the 78th minute and Suchiang balance for 80 minutes.
The state government has approved to appoint 13 more teachers while Kiang Nangbah College has only 7 teachers, he said.
Speeches were also delivered by MRB Chairman Mukul Ch Jeishi, officials from SBI, Guwahati, RBI and others.
The three plagues of the 1720s, 1820s and 1920s are well known.
Shillong: The KJCLF has seen the Government's concern regarding the suspension of casinos and the Meghalaya Regulation of Gaming Act
Ma Ebor Muksor, director and producer, told a little about these two films from the time of production to production.
The Village Council has informed the public that these rules will be implemented without discrimination. At the same time, the Village Council has requested everyone to cooperate with the arrangements of the Village Council so that the MLA Election 2023 will be smooth. walk orderly.
Shillong, Jymmang 07: The High Court of Meghalaya has ordered the deployment of central security forces to search for illegal coal trucks.
To avoid food spoilage, you need to clean your kitchen and utensils thoroughly.
He said that the lack of youth in Ri Bhoi District has caused a lot of problems to the youth especially due to the passage of time and their age. to the youth to take the wrong paths where they become involved in alcohol and other immoral activities.
There are 6 people in the hospital for treatment.
“Regarding the notification, we still need to consider it and we have not agreed today, but we have asked for two days to consider it together with the MDCs of KHADC,” he said.
Besides, the KHNAM leader alleged that the share of the Garo people has been carried forward in many cases.
The government should also make it clear about the opening of schools because the complicated notification makes it difficult for the school principals, students and also the parents of the children to send. to school.
On the other hand, the MLA, as promised before the election, also gave a moment prize and cash prize to these villages who came forward to give their strong support in the last election as a souvenir. They have given their full support to him in the last MLA elections.
The M.Tab distribution ceremony was held at St. Thomas Higher Secondary School, Mairang in the presence of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board and MLA of the area. Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah G.Kharmawphlang who was the chief guest.
The voters in Sohiong were also eager to listen to the election slogans of various parties.
We invite you to come and visit these questions.
“KL has been fit this week, from the way he played, but he will miss the game for two trips to Kandy,” Dravid said.
The Seng Khasi is an organization that preserves its own customs and religion, but they have nothing to do with the Seng Khasi Hima Mawsynram,” said Bah Wahlang.
Now there are citizens who have signed a petition not to allow Bezoz to return to the world.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: The AJYWO Sengkmie has expressed its surprise over the working methods of the MUA government under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma as the Prime Minister. to the people.
At that time, the framers of the Constitution and the writers and political leaders decided that it should be India and India and what we are doing now is that we are following the Constitution of the country”.
The government officials who visited the factory said that they will send the report to the Meghalaya State Pollution Control and also to the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi after they came to inspect the factory. The inspection and prosecution of the Company will depend on the decision of the relevant authorities based on the findings of the report.
The statement from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare said that the Teleconsultation has also proved to be a blessing especially to the people living in the remote areas of the state.
Babitdor D Dorphang of Sanmer and Carmelius Kharmih of Umpling scored the goals.
Shillong, June 24 : Before the celebration of Ramadan-ul-Mubarak, U Minister of State and MLA of South Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, visited Madina Masjid, Jhalupara to congratulate Muslims. addressing them today.
“The teachers and ASHAs have been in dark days due to the inability to improve the salary system and the inability to pay the salaries,” said the TMC.Shillong/Tura, Jymmang : The increase in the price of beverages in the markets from Iewduh to the markets in Garo Hills such as Tura, has caused the people to lynñiar lut because it has been excessive.
AIFF Chief Legal Advisor Nilanjan Bhattacharjee on Saturday made serious allegations against AIFF President Kalyan Chaubey of corruption and misappropriation of money. by billions in the private sector.
This was announced by the Meghalaya High Court after hearing a petition filed by the Meghalaya government and the Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Thursday.
He said that the participation of the Opposition has impressed the House unlike in the past, in the election of CEM and Deputy Chairman where the House has been lymbuit because there were no parties. Against.
She won the Best Actor Female award in 2020 for her role in 9Lad.
In Mawtari alone, 6 households have been destroyed including cattle and pigs. Some of the affected households are Philimon Lyngdoh, 3 households. Baphimon Lyngdon 4 members, Ai phron Kharkongor, Bermon Lyngdoh 9 members, Anton 3 members, Dokton Lyngdoh and other families with 6 or 7 members.
Therefore, when you go to school, be diligent, work hard and take the attitude 'When others can, why can't I?'
Thomas Jones was the first poet in the Khasi language.
On the other hand, the Minister said that he will review the final decision on the inclusion of these five villages in Meghalaya.
The Minister said that laws have been enacted to provide shelter to people in the past, including in 1971 after the independence of Bangladesh and the robbery. to the Indians in Uganda.
Also present on the occasion were Bah Pynkmenlang Pyngrope, ANO of NCC Sngap Syiem College along with male and female students of NCC Sngap Syiem College.
Don't rejoice just because you see beautiful buildings.
The rules of procedure of the dorbar were also not allowed, because in that emotion, Bah Adelbert did what he did, as he used to do.
While the demand of the VPP and others to suspend all pending appointments in connection with the fixing of the date of implementation of the Roster System is justified, it is also justified to say that any loss The posts in the Khasi-Jaintia Division due to an error in the implementation of the Roster System by taking from the previous years starting from 10th May (Date of Office Memorandum) to 26th May 2022 (Date of of the Notification in the Gazette of Meghalaya) 2022 to date, which shall also be paid prospectively.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said, “At this time, I don't want to blame anyone and this is an issue that has been going on for many years. The State Government has struggled to take action on many issues which have been pending for many years whether it is the Themmetor, ILP, 8th Schedule and the issue of border resolution. The state government has decided to find ways and means to resolve these issues which have been pending for many years”.
The security deposit of those who wish to contest the election is T.5,000 as before as there has been no change.
Jairamdas Doulataram, former Governor of Assam in 1952-1956 at the time of laying the foundation stone for the construction of the King Tirot Singh Monument, then before the opening of the King Tirot Singh Monument and before Lord Curzon, Viceroy of India, in his speech in honor of King Kine Singh (the son of Tirot Singh) in 1903 said, “Not withoutcourageous fighting and there is much to the credit of your nation in the regards of the long struggle which however lamentably commenced, exhibited the bravery and endurance of U Tirot Sing”.
Shillong, June 8: The Meghalaya Youth Congress (MYC) led by its president Rochard Marak today burnt down the statue of Union Minister Giriraj Singh. He burnt his tyngshop in front of the BJP office in Tura.
The traffic jam cannot be reduced as the roads remain the same while the number of vehicles increases every day.
Jowai, Naiwieng 22: The Vice President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Biangbor Paliar on Tuesday said that the Khasi Students Union (KSU) will hold a flag raising protest in all the Head Quarters of the country. The meeting will be held tomorrow on the 23rd of November on the shooting death of four residents of Mukroh by the Assam Police.
The new office was built through a grant from the Central Government known as the Grant to Excluded Areas or areas not included in the Constitution under Part IX and IX A. The grant is for the years 2018-19, 2019-20 and 2020-21 which amounts to T.3 crore 38 lakh.
On Tuesday, Synrang Shahkhain SC will play against Rymbai Pohskur at 12 noon and Khliehriat West FC will play against Byndihati SC at 2:30 pm.
Portraits of these heroes, along with a special space for protesters from the North East will be one of the highlights of the exhibition.
Rejecting the Haryana Model of compensation by the NHRC, the High Court has stressed the need to pay compensation to support the families of the victims and also to protect the officers. of the State.
According to the explanation of the elders and the map, it is clear that the Barato-Mu hill and dirt road is the Zero Point of the Meghalaya-Assam border and is still within Mukroh Village and the area. This is more than 100,000 people living in the Nongphyllut District.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Cell and HYC NEHU today met with the Pro Vice Chancellor of NEHU and handed over a letter on many of the issues faced by UG and PG students in the state. There has been a closure of colleges and schools in the State.
This is the gift of life in the flesh and it doesn’t end there but as parents all of our lives are always for our children.
The Facilitation Center was inaugurated yesterday, with the purpose of providing the best service to those students and youths who have returned from other states, so that they can escape from the country. They suffered when they arrived in Assam.
In recent months, the High Court of Meghalaya has received a Justice from the BHAH of advocates.
Ma Lamsuk Langstang, Waheh Chnong Narwan urged the residents of Narwan to make good use of the training they have received for the benefit of themselves and the community.
However, there are also some of these pyrjong that carry diseases and pose a threat to the health of children.
thank you03@gmail.com.
It is alleged that the BSF who shot and kiad also destroyed the two vehicles of these Khasi and claimed that it was the owners of the vehicles who destroyed them.
Shillong: The sword will now go to the candidates of the KHNAM party led by Bah Adelbert Nongrum, according to a statement from the District Council Affairs Department today.
Yoga brings strength and 'Vasudhaiva Kutumbkam' is a way of looking at the world as one family and believing in this.
Speaking on the demand of the VPP leader to review the Reservation Policy according to the population in the state, Bah Sniawbha said, “That is his opinion but the government has not. It will decide what is best for the people of the state.
Abhishek Kumar took a wicket in the first over for Meghalaya and did not score any more wickets on the opening day and scored 26 runs, while Sudhir Sahani took one wicket for 30 runs.
The number of cases has risen to 3,947 on 23rd July 2020 in the state.
WL Nongpluh, MPS, Additional Superintendent of Police, South West Khasi Hills District, on the other hand, explained some of the aspects of the data related to the data collected. There have been 9 suicides in 2021-2
They sent AMD, I thought last week, they just filled it,” said Bremley Lyngdoh.
"This order shall come into force immediately and shall remain in force until further notice.
"The people in the rule of law are critics (skilled in judgment, judges); they have nothing to do with the "Hooid Kynrad"
However, the most difficult thing especially here in Jaintia Hills is that once the light is lost, the network is also lost, so it is difficult for us to continue or complete our online classes.
The elders of Umsaw village have said that they will hand over the road connecting Umïew village to the PWD (Roads) department for the construction of a proper road.
Nongstoiñ, March 28: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today seized a pick up vehicle (ML 06 6037) carrying ration. with the intention to sell the rice to one of the shops in Riangdo.
The Core Committee of the Nagaland Tribal Organizations (CCNTHCO) has petitioned the Election Commission of India (ECI) to postpone the State Assembly elections in Nagaland.
Another medal he received in 1937 was the George VI Medal
The border reconciliation between the Assam and Meghalaya governments after 50 years will be successful if the government takes action to reconcile with each other , and it is the duty of the state government to take action The Hima, the villages and the villagers in the state.
Furthermore, Bah Pynïaid said that the purpose of the Council to invite researchers and students to provide this fund as a scholarship for them, is to conduct research in the field of related to the well-being of the Jaitbynriew especially in the richness of the Jaitbynriew in terms of culture.
In another development, it was reported that the security forces have been able to rescue and provide shelter to about 23,000 people who have faced difficulties due to the riots in in the state of Manipur.
On this occasion, the DBDU East Jaintia Hills District office also presented awards and certificates to 23 IVCS members who have worked hard for the societies including Iengskhem IVCS Moolang, The Secretary of IVCS Sohkymphor, Jialcy, was awarded the Best Secretary.
Those working to protect Meghalaya from the COVID-19 pandemic have played a major role in curbing the spread of the disease.
After this on 6/11/18 some people under the leadership of Graham Lyngdoh invited me to Sohshrieh Takhniang, Tuber Kmaishnong to discuss the complaint. On my part, I have said that I will not do this because I am not the one who lodged this FIR. I should immediately dismiss this FIR in any form.
However, when they reached Mawshun, a BSF soldier in a BSF truck following the truck behind Bah Running opened fire and reached the border to kill Bah Running.
Furthermore, the application has reduced the time for payment of salaries to these health workers from 120 days to 5 days.
The Chief Minister's Social Assistance Scheme was launched in 2012 in Asanang, West Garo Hills.
French Ambassador to India Thierry Mathou on 10th June, visited Meghalaya for the first time where he also visited the Sacred Grove, the Mawbynna and the Heritage Village is located in Mawphlang.
During her inspection, she found that the building of the university has been closed down and it has become a deserted building without students and teachers.
The rich man was thrown into hell because he had borne all the sins of Lazarus.
He said that even the Veterinary Department has warned against the import of Syiar from outside the state and on this warning by the Veterinary Department, the union strongly supports and if If the party finds that someone is against it, it will take stronger action.
In the Under-14 Boys category, All Saints Diocesan Secondary School beat Khimusniang Presbyterian Secondary School 2-0
Regarding the proposal for AIIMS in Shillong, the Minister has accepted the suggestion and the government will take the necessary action.
It was also reported that the MTC has appointed three officers namely M Wankhar, Deputy General Manager (A), SA Sangma, Deputy General Manager (O) and W Dkhar, Cashier. The money should be sent to the owners of the land whose names have been registered in the list available at the office of the Deputy Commissioner Ri-Bhoi District.
And that accountability of the Government to the people is one of the questions that the MLAs from the Opposition have put before the Government in the Legislative Assembly.
When asked whether it is true that the HSPDP MLAs can also join the NPP, Conrad said, “We will see whether the HSPDP will join the NPP”.
KHNAM, therefore, recommends that the idols should be made of environmentally friendly materials and should not allow idols of different colors and should not wear clothes. before you put it in the water.
The rally was opened by two shaka in the presence of Bah Adelbert Nongrum, Candidate from North Shillong, Dr. Ricky Syngkon, Candidate from Umsning, Bah Brighstarwell Marbaniang, Candidate from Mawlai, Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh, Candidate from Mawlai. Tony Lyngdoh from Nongthymmai and Raja Thabah from Shillong West.
Speeches were also delivered by Mawkyrwat MDC Carnes Sohshang, CEM Pyniaid Sing Syiem, HM Shangpliang and other NPP leaders. Shillong: UDP MLA from Amlarem Lahkmen Rymbui He slammed and shot against those who use the name of the nation to live, but there are also those who love the nation by their works.
The Sohjer ceremony was inaugurated by Bah Victor Rani MDC Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Paiem Ken Syiem, Syiem of Raid Marwet, Raid chiefs and other dignitaries.
The Central Government has decided that all States should celebrate not only their own State Day, but also the State Days of other States to promote 'Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat'
The Raid Marwet Development and Social Welfare Committee (RMDSWC) has decided to work together for the development of the Raid Marwet. for the welfare and development of the people in the Raid Marwet.
Vehicles to be allowed to travel on the 12th of July should end at number 9 for commercial vehicles and private vehicles should end at number
These walnuts contain antioxidants and omega-3 fatty acids which can strengthen the functioning of the brain.
Basaiawmoit said that there are thlen inside the Secretariat who are waiting to eat fellow Khasi and this is clear because it has been said that the thlen does not eat foreigners because he is angry.
The Sub-Divisional Officer (Supply) of Amlarem Sub-Division has announced that the PMGKAY Scheme has been released for the month of October, all households covered by NFSA (AAY & PHH) from 3rd March 2022 to 15th October,
After submitting a letter to the Union Minister of State for Child Development at Pine Wood, they had a chance to talk to him for more time at the government residence at Tara Ghar after he returned from meeting with the Chief Minister at the Secretariat.
The objective of this yatra is to provide information to the people and to deliver the benefits of schemes such as facilities for sanitation, financial services, electricity, access to LPG cylinder , low-income housing, food security, nutritious food, safe healthcare facilities, clean drinking water and more.
How does the Gauhati High Court rule in Meghalaya?? Why doesn't Assam have such a power?? And where are the leaders of our state?? And why are those who live on the border victims?? Isn't it true that our leaders are Lun dait maw suda??.
They also said that Reading T Sangma, Commander of ASAK, had a difference of opinion with Sohan and left the party after Sohan transferred him from the post of Finance Secretary to the post of Grievance. “According to the arrested, Sohan D Shira used the Shira clan to become leading members and appointed D Shira as Area Commander of the GNLA, Rakkam as Area Commander. Commander of Nongwalbibra.
M/s K Sing Wann & Sons, owned by Bah K Sing Wann, will soon start quarrying shun on a 4.56 hectare site in Ichamati. It is a village in East Khasi Hills District.
This is the first time that the AWBI has appealed to the cow lovers in the country to celebrate Cow Hug Day.
As Jesus was a teacher, He taught clean politics, so let the churches and church leaders teach the people clean politics and give training to the people without hesitation. How to elect MLA/MP/MDC and other leaders in a way that is good and clean.
Meanwhile, police have arrested an 18-year-old youth for allegedly shooting a T7 News photographer.
The Metropolitan Magistrate, Gomati Manocha, has decided to remand the former Delhi Chief Minister in Tihar until July 6, as she had earlier decided on June
This was announced by the Superintendent of Police (City) East Khasi Hills, who said that the police are still searching for the suspect.
On the status of the case relating to the shooting death of Bah (L) Cheristerfield Thangkhiew, Prestone said the Government has just received the information from the Tactical Team-I in the near future. month has passed.
She said that in the first days when they came to sit in these shops it was the Hima Mylliem which gave them the authority, they and the PWD or the district authorities should not argue anything. Motphran informed them that they should gather their belongings to avoid being affected and they followed orderly and gathered their belongings. “I don't know why, but I'm sure it's because it's a plate of food,” said the woman.
Nongpoh, Naitung 21: The desire of the residents of many villages in the Umsawnongbri area, Ri Bhoi, to get a better health facility for the patients has come true in their lives and this has come true in their lives. Dr DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the Government of Meghalaya, together with Kong Roshan Warjri, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, today inaugurated the Mawnongrim. to build Umsawnongbri PHC at Nongbri Raid Ground.
The match will start with Wahiajer Narpuh NYSSC vs Ladrymbai BSC at 12.00 pm and Lumshken SC vs Tpepswer SSWO at 2.30 pm.
Rev. EW Talibuddin, former Bishop of this Diocese and RM Garod, former Bishop of the Diocese.
The CSWO said that the NEEPCP has bypassed the land owners of Thieddieng village, and through DS Rai, has negotiated with the Rangbah Shnong to get the NOC for Mawphu to conduct the survey. Two years later, they surveyed and surveyed the land in Thieddieng area by bringing in foreigners from Gurgaon.
MNREGS cannot be obtained from the Central Government without going through middlemen.
Hundreds of village officials attended the meeting.
Speaking to Bah Langstieh, Rupang said that after such an incident, what is the way for the Hima to think again in terms of security? He said that there are Hima police patrolling the entire market and these Hima Mylliem police will be vigilant from now on to ensure that no tragic incident will happen in the market.
TBn P. Sohkhlet, Member Managing Committee, gave the opening prayer and Bah K. Wahlang, Block Mission Coordinator, SSA Mairang also gave a speech.
He said that the BJP has come to these states from the north through other parties which have taken the path of fighting against the Congress but they understand that in India, there is no other party which has taken the path of fighting against the Congress. I can't vote for the Congress.
It is also said that the chief of police also insults the policemen who work under him.
She also requested the government not to leave this road which has been in disrepair for more than 40 years, but to take action to repair or paint it and requested the PWD Road department.
Who gets that money? Government officials, police and some civil society organizations also took part so that they would not challenge this government's mismanagement.
In a petition submitted to the Chief Minister through the Commissioner & Secretary Dr. BDR Tiwari, FASToM said, “Because the Minister of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui through the media He said in November, 2021 that the State Government will not be able to promote the Deficit System or Deficit Pattern to the Adhoc School Teachers.
Therefore, the Seng requests all the beef farmers to cooperate with the Seng.
Shillong: Out of the 485 cases, 20 cases have been confirmed in East Garo Hills today.
When asked, the Prime Minister said, “It is not that these piglets are sick, but the death of these piglets is due to the fact that these piglets have to sit in vehicles for two or three days when they are brought. , from other states".
The training was divided into two parts, the first session was conducted by Bah EM Umlong and the second session was conducted by Kong RM Khonglah who is a teacher of Thomas Jones Synod College.
Speaking to media, Samla Banjop Maring said that the union is deeply saddened by the complaints of the people of the area regarding the slow operation of the Mawlasnai PHC which has caused a lot of trouble to the people. painful.
Football Manager: Beneslaus KhyriemFootball Head Coach: Khlainpyrkhat SyiemliehFootball Asst Coach: Dious LapasamPhysio: Baiainehlang Bareh5) Wushu : Lorenza Songthiang (Below 56 KG -Sanda),Coach: Francis R2: R SongshisharniShoiangIaportMana Pistol Women ), Anjali Singh (10 Meter Air Rifle Women & 10M Air Rifle Mixed Team ), Rajdeep Ghosh (10 Meter Air Rifle Men & 10M Air Rifle Mixed Team) , Shirley M.Kharbuli (10 Meter Pistol Women)Manager : John Thounaojam7) Sqay :Salmi Phawa (Yudham -50 Kg Men) ,Fibestar Songthiang (Yudham -54 Kg Men )Kyrshanbor Romeo Songthiang (Yudham -58 Kg Men)Espiranzza Stella Songthiang (Yudham -50 Kg Women)Official: Hamylline Dkhar 58 (Yudham - )8) Golf : Johnwell G Momin, Jonathan Iawphnia (male), Daphisha Phanbuh Shullai, Teesta Rawat (female) , Bah Ksan Kupar Warjri, Bah Dipshon Ryntathiang (Deputy CDM), A Ian A Lyngdoh (Deputy CDM), Pynbianglang Laloo (Contingent Assistant Official), Joel Marbaniang (Contingent Assistant Official).
He said that Pnar filmmakers have now started to grow in all aspects.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Rayonald Kharkamni, expressed his satisfaction to see the initiative of the office bearers of the Friend Forever Youth Club, who have taken the initiative to organize such tournaments. to develop the talented youth in the field of cricket and to develop the youth not only in the District, but in the state as a whole.
What is also surprising is that no notice has been issued on these posts and the appointment(s) has been made without any consideration.
