Khliehriat, Naiwieng 15: Police on Tuesday seized 27,200 bottles of Phensedyl containing 27,20,000 ml of Phensedyl. The drugs were seized from a truck with registration number NL 01 N
In an interview with Bah Rudy Warjri, it was understood that the great achievements of Sohblei Patrick Warjri are because he has succeeded in eradicating drugs and crime in the village.
Although it is a very important road connecting these states, no maintenance or improvement of this road has been seen in the past year, which has led to a serious problem including There will be a lot of time consumption, accidents and inconvenience in the transportation of food and beverages,” the letter said.
During the hearing, Singhvi said three hospitals had said that Jain should undergo surgery.
Why does this happen? The reason is that there is no longer a ruler in the household, there is no longer the fear of God. , it is ruled by alcohol, the words of the lorni, the bishni, the sarong and so on.
Under the Employees' Deposit Linked Insurance Scheme, 1976 (EDLI), a check of T.7 lakh has been issued to three persons who will receive a total of T. 1.4 lakh.
“We will work with the police to arrest this suspect,” he said.
Expressing his concern over the behavior of these Members of the Opposition, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, said that as the Governor cannot read English, his speech, which has been translated, has already been distributed. within the House according to the rules and there is no reason for the members to object.
Arunachal scored 56 runs for the fourth wicket and Arunachal couldn't fight against the Meghalaya bowlers who managed to take one wicket. wicket hailed.
“As the Chief Minister of the state, I have many duties and responsibilities, because there are some tasks that I need to complete on time and these tasks that I have to complete are necessary. tam"he added more.
During these three days, films like 'Kuttram Kadithal' from Tamil Nadu, 'Ek Hota Kau', 'Othello' from Assam, 'Ankhon Dekhi' and others were screened.
On the other hand, she said that only Sikkim understands the hard work of ASHAs as they pay up to 10,000 tyngka per month while in Meghalaya they pay only 2,000 tyngka per month.
However, I must point out that there are many kinds of tractors; some suitable for mountainous areas, others suitable for thumb areas.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 84839 out of which 83282 have recovered and 1484 have died.
Every month we need a lot of cattle, pigs, chickens, fish and eggs, in fact we need hundreds of thousands of tons.
Judas, one of the 12 disciples of Jesus, went to the chief priests and betrayed Jesus to them for money.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The meeting of the Chief Executive Members of Riwar Pynursla District, has decided to oppose the Housing Act prepared by the government to be enacted in the state.
On the Mini Secretariat in Jowai, Bah Dhar said that the PWD department has started preparing the drawing of the building and the construction will start soon.
Government Ministers present on the occasion include Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu, Sikkim Chief Minister Alo Libang, Meghalaya Health Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Lorho Foze, MP Ritu Barman Sarmah, Vice Chairman of AMPRTON Syeddin Abbasi and Additional Chief Secretary Rajaraman.
Healthy foods containing essential vitamins and minerals are those that can be improved on the right mind.
Therefore, we must remember that we must not ailed the wealth of the world and the power of money will be above it. Khasi honor song.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing.
The CMJ University has been criticized by former Governor RS Mooshahary who resigned after finding out that the university was not running properly.
Ah! Ah! Ah!I'm sorry for this writing of EX – Rev Langrin.
These people are teaching the linemen of MeECL).
100 men and 100 women took part in the 100 Drum Wangala.
“During the 2023 elections in Meghalaya, many of the BLOs have explained to the people to link Aadhaar,” she said. Aadhaar and EPIC and it is not important but in the coming years all the documents and all the citizens of Meghalaya and also in the states of India will have to link with u Aadhaar.
It will also reduce the cost of farmers and increase their income along with increasing the production of agricultural products.
"It is surprising to know that the Prime Minister knows the football players from the North East," Eugenson told an AIFF delegation in New Delhi.
Wolf became the winners of the IWC League Season 2 after beating Dragon 2-1 in the final at Iawpynsin Rymbai Stadium on Thursday.
In Italy, the death toll has risen to 2,5
Furthermore, it is time for the government to completely ban the distribution of water into the ground, as this does not only affect the supply of water wells, but the danger is to the The earthquake, which as soon as the earthquake rises again, can lead to disaster, because the earth has already been destroyed.
Cruise, who covered his face with blue paint, climbed a 650-foot-high platform and there, he turned on the bike he was riding and flew into the air.
According to the investigation of this reporter, the bridge has been covered with siej and has been seriously injured. The bridge has caused a tragic incident which has claimed the lives of two people.
It is learned that the members of the JHCMA have threatened to burn down these coal trucks and also the company officials who have brought these trucks into their factories to unload the coal which they have carried themselves to transport. to these cement plants in Lum Shnong.
“However, those who lead the government have to take full responsibility on this issue,” he added.
“I feel that the Government should review the performance of the PWD (Building) Department so that this Department does not put our lives and the lives of the people at risk,” he said.
At the end of his speech, the Minister also sang a song from the Garo songbook.
Umladkhur SC beat Umladkhur SC 3-1 in the Super Division Football League match played at Ladjaplem Stadium, Amlarem on Monday.
Shillong: The Umshorshor village in Umsning Block, Shillong, has been declared a village affected by African Swine Fever Disease. .
Nongpoh, Jymmang 21: The District Magistrate of Ri-Bhoi District has imposed a containment zone in four villages in the country. -Bhoi District including Umsawriang, Madan Nonglakhiat, Mawlyngkhung and Syllei-u-lar from the 16th until further notice due to the outbreak of African Swine Fever (ASF). also the death of pigs in these villages.
However, it has been witnessed that the general public benefits.
The VPP under the leadership of Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit as President held a membership registration on the 14th of this month in Sohiong.
At the time of the incident, two armed policemen and an employee of the District Jail, Mawsyntai, accompanied him. when they allowed him to enter the doctor's room, the prisoner ran away and was never found again.
" said one of the longkmie who came to the waidong.
This issue is not a peaceful issue, we have to discuss it carefully from all sides.
So far, 3,868 cases have been confirmed out of which 5362 have recovered.
According to a statement sent by the KSU Narpuh Circle, “This woman has two children and used to traffic with a Dkhar Muslim in the border areas with Bangladesh.
Therefore, the leaders of the VDPs of the three villages have decided to ban all the people from visiting the area, but only those who have received permission from the three villages will be allowed. and whosoever shall disobey and transgress, if found, shall be punished.
If they want someone to be elected as an MP or MLA, they should not demand money,” said Bah Kynta.
Dr War said the tests of the mother, father of the child and the driver were negative and all three have left for Arunachal Pradesh.
The meeting was conducted by Ma Aibor Shadap as Chairman, welcome speech was delivered by H Sumer, Waheh Mukroh Pyllun. , Ma MM Thaiang and various Waheh Shnongs of Block-1
Two workers from Mawhati who came to Umjari village along with 10 workers from Assam.
“WE ARE A GROUP KNOWN AS “Terrorizers111”“GIVE OUR GROUP THE NAME TO THE MEDIA OR WE WILL NOT STOP THIS TERRORISM” country.
On the other hand, the students of Assam Rifle Public School have defeated the Sibsing Memorial Govt.
The Forum expresses its concern that these Policemen will stay permanently in this area as they do in other border areas.
Earlier this month, a severe earthquake occurred on Friday on the NH10 between Ranipul and Singtam at 32 No. Four firearms, 38 rounds of ammunition and eight bombs were seized from Imphal East and Imphal West districts during the search operation, police said.
Have you ever thought about it when you see plastic bags that are lying on the surface of the water, blocking the streams, streams to the ponds or as big as the river that we see today? period.
Mawkyrwat MDC and Mawkhar Pynthorumkhrah MDC Bah PN Syiem expressed their surprise that the KHADC office has not received any records.
The incident took place in Christianpet village of Jaggaiyapet mandal in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh.
The Union Minister in charge of Youth Affairs and Sports, Anurag Thakur inaugurated the 10-month project on 1st March in Prayagrajha, Uttar Pradesh.
In these eight months, he said, the expenditure has reached T.2 lakh tyngka alone for tuition fees, excluding other expenses.
The incident happened at 12 noon today, in which 20 houses were destroyed, three persons were injured, two seriously injured, and taken to hospital. Robert Hospital, while another person who was not seriously injured is still in the village.
The Magistrate has requested any group, village leaders who wish to provide evidence to come in person to the office Room No.120 (First Floor) during the working hours from 12.09.2022-1 together with witnesses on the bomb blast killing four prisoners on
The Sein Raij Jowai invites all friends from near and far to witness this Behdeinkhlam.
At least 5.6 people were injured in the incident, including the civilians and police, and the total number of injured has risen to
Unfortunately, although we have reached 50 years now, it is a shame that we have not been able to resolve the border issue while other States are struggling to resolve it.
BJP Meghalaya President Rikman G Momin on Monday said that the BJP has made progress in the preparations for the Lok Sabha MP elections in the state and will soon announce its candidates. Shillong and Tura Parliamentary Constituencies will be elected.
Prof Laloo expressed his gratitude to the NCPCR for its support and hoped that this workshop will be of great benefit to the work through the RTE Act.
English is also the official language of the country.
The Governor, when he orders the enforcement of those laws, may amend or modify the same in his discretion.
He said that no one has expressed his desire to contest the MDC election from the Congress and if his supporters propose his name, he can contest himself.
However, what we cannot say is that MOST OF US RESIDENTS THAT THE INCOME THAT THEY HAVE EARNED HAS BEEN LOST ONLY ON THE INCOME. hand to look after the issues of the residents of the state because they are the leaders who came to the people of the state to request to elect them to be the guardians of our SHON.
Fabregas has now decided to help in the training of Como's players and young players.
Angela said that the land owners know that the bill introduced by the state government is wrong but none of the 60 MLAs understands. this is it.
They also alleged that on the day of the inspection, the police were present, but the police did not do anything even though they saw that these groups were shooting bombs. employees and including the Manager of the factory.
Despite these challenges, the EC under the leadership of the Rangbah Shnong will continue to do good deeds as permitted by law for the benefit of the residents of Bakur. public not to believe false allegations.
She said that the message of racial discrimination should not be spread but should be lived together in peace and harmony.
Applications will be screened by the Regional Transport Authority and the shortlist will be posted on the notice board of the office of the District Transport Officer, Jowai.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Umeit, Bah Kyrshan Chyne, the incident happened at 10:30 pm yesterday, when the women were busy lifting stones. from the quarry, but without thinking and suddenly the quarry collapsed and covered with earth and stones and which caused the death of these two men.
“I hope that once this scheme is implemented, the people of Mawiong Umjapung will have access to drinking water.
The meeting was attended by Congress Shillong North leaders led by Bah Pynshai Basaïawmoit and Meba Kharkongor, Female President of Shillong City. Bah JA Priest.
The winners of the Lucky Draw Tickets are as follows: 1st Prize: 15018 of 20 thousand tyngka, 2nd Prize: 4319 of 10 thousand tyngka, 3rd Prize: 4305 of 5 thousand tyngka.
On this day, the police used force and fired tear gas against the teachers. When the teachers approached the Secretariat, they fired three tear gas shells against the teachers. who did not turn to the secretariat.
You know if the house is big, it is very difficult to even clean.
If the government does not suspend these two policemen, the laying of flowers in front of the Secretariat will continue every day until the government feels ashamed.
“Don't send your children to school until you find a suitable cure for Corona.
Bah Kynjaimon Amse said that the villages have demanded that the DC should take action against the inability of MeECL to provide electricity to these villages and if it does not, they will take to court. The Consumer Court will not respond to the complaints of the public.
This publication is for the purpose of informing the public if anyone recognizes the body.
Specialist doctors of Apollo Hospital in Delhi include Dr. Suvro Banerjee, Consultant Interventional Cardiologist, Dr. BK Singhania, Consultant Neuro & Spine Surgeon and Dr. Shankar Loharuka, Consultant Neurologist in the OPDs.
He wished all the teams taking part in the tournament to play well with a spirit of competition so that they can achieve the goal of victory.
Two calls were received by the Police Control Room, where it was found that it was the same person who has not yet been identified.
On the other hand, Bah Arthemeius Lyngdoh, Senior NCC Sngap Syiem College, urged the residents not to destroy the hills, rivers, forests and also to keep clean. environment, strive to preserve and teach the children how to manage the environment so that future generations will receive praise and reputation.
Earlier, since he applied for the Congress ticket, there was a loud voice in Nongstoiñ that Dr. Pariong has no intention of contesting the mid-term elections, because he wants to express his views. Maieid Hoping, who was his political leader, but this sign of respect appeared after he lost his ticket from the Congress party. He was forced to contest as an independent candidate but he refused to participate in the mid-term elections.
It would be better if the Meghalaya government talks or joins hands...Do you know who you are?
The Ganja seized by the Customs was worth T.32,53,050 and has been registered under case No.01/CL/NDPS HQRS.PREV/SH/1
On the other hand, NPP leader Prestone Tynsong said the PDA was formed because of the joint efforts of PDF MDC Macdalyn Mawlong and independent MDC Lambor Malngiang.
The Acting Syiem of the Hima Langrin, Bah BH Syiemiong, on the 9th July 2024, on Tuesday, 10th July 2024, on Tuesday held a dorbar bah of the Hima Langrin. Hundreds of people including the Sordar Shnong, Ministers, Lyngdoh, elders and youth attended the meeting at Phlangdiloiñ Village, South West Khasi Hills District. years of age or older.
He ran to his bedroom.
The three candidates are Ranikor MLA Pius Marwein from the UDP, Kitborlang Nongrem from the NPP and Jotin Khardewsaw from the Congress.
First of all, we cannot deny the truth and we have witnessed with our own eyes and through social media around the world we see that there are those who take advantage of the trade in inheritance, and this has not only affected the rich but especially the poor as the government has had to close down as part of the fight against this disease (covid-19).
Many of the country's leaders have come to follow in the footsteps of I Meieit Spelity.
Hynniewtrep National Youth Council (HNLC) Chairman Bah Sadon K Blah, in a meeting with reporters at Shillong Press Club on 8th July 2024, said that the peace talks between the HNLC and the government will be completed. continue if the government chooses the political rather than the legal route.
The total number of recoveries is 10,335 and the death toll is
The Shongknor expressed his shock and sorrow over the collapse of the roof and took immediate action and sent it to the High Powered Committee to investigate, investigate and submit a report.
“This is evident from the hard work of the media and political parties who have exposed the wrongdoings of the law enforcement agencies to the people according to the truth,” said the NPP leader. The Ministry of Defense needs to accept this fact and correct its mistake.
At present, there is no sign that the MDA government is worried about the CMP and no one is worried about the CMP, from the Chief Minister to other Ministers and even those who are not Ministers.
The village has been in the area of ​​conflict between Meghalaya and Assam for many years.
A source close to Hamlet said that he has been working for five or six years now even after his defeat and he has no intention of staying.
“Those who violate this order will be fined under the provisions of the Disaster Management Act, 2005 and the Epidemic Disease Regulation
He also reminded that now, we the future generations, must continue to fight to liberate the country and the nation from the slavery of poverty, suffering from diseases and other slavery. bad habits of alcoholic beverages such as alcohol and drugs.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on 19th June, 2013, today said that according to the survey and accurate information, the air quality in Byrnihat, Ri Bhoi District has improved and has not yet increased. never drop into a bad category or it will be even worse.
No signs have been seen from the PWD department to take any action on the collapse of the bridge.
Such people are clever and skilled at working to deceive people.
Furthermore, I would like to say that education, health including medicines and maternal health, looking at the gaps between needs and supply of needs, nutritious food fertilizers, water with marine and marine research, climate change, genomics, modern technology including nanomaterials, robotics, moving vehicles solar and electricity, drones, space, and IT, are the most important jobs where scientific knowledge and skilled workers have to switch to technologies that can to fight with others throughout the world.
She said that this order will come into force immediately due to the urgent demand of the work.
Jurm district has about 3000 inhabitants and is one of the villages which has not reported any casualties or deaths from the earthquake although the earthquake was stronger in the district. .
The order has directed all heavy vehicles to pass through the Muktapur-Dawki road.
He said that the problem faced by teachers and the quality of education in the state is due to the lack of qualified personnel to look after this important department of the state.
Our Parliament has introduced laws for the welfare of the people after consultations in the interest of the people of the country.
Politics has been involved in pollution, religion, war, festivals, sports, employment, employment in village work, schools and colleges, employment in the construction of roads, paths and bridges.
However, it is difficult to predict because most of the MLAs win on their own behalf and not from the party.
On this occasion, there was also a traditional dance performance by the group of Bah Rojet Buhphang and Bah Komik Khongjirem from Wahkhen and others.
It is also written that a Khasi woman can marry more than two men.
There is a need to inspect and investigate the health status of the villages in South West Khasi Hills District.
When asked about the recent statement of the DoNER Minister at the NEC meeting that the North Eastern States have returned up to 70 percent of the money, the Minister was asked about his views. , from what the Government of India has allocated and on this too, the Minister, did not respond at all and those who were in front of him, said, “This is another allocation of money”. and that it is not the right budget for the road construction.
For the sake of the development of society, I would like to appeal to all of you who are thinking leaders, who are people of benefit, people who can include and contribute to the development of the State, to join hands and ensure that our efforts are worthwhile.
Regarding the deforestation, even the ancients knew that the deforestation reduces the production of oxygen and increases the production of carbon dioxide.
In Hong Kong, the names of the patients are not disclosed, but the age, gender, address, symptoms and region of the patient are disclosed. They don't have time to understand and follow their journey.
Shillong: The India Meteorological Department (IMD) has invited all the supporters of the party to attend the rally. , that tomorrow, there will be heavy rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas.
Sacred Heart FT Academy has scored three points and three goals in Group-B after Them Rangshken ACC did not play.
Be careful, you political leaders – forget the vote bank, think first of the future of the young men and women of the Meghalaya Scheduled Tribe.
At the same time, Bah Dhar said the NPP will conduct a post-mortem on the recent elections in Khasi Hills.
It is learned that the tree trunk spread through the house in Primel's bedroom and hit him in the chest until he died on the spot.
The HYC Leader said that the HYC stands on a firm foundation and has made a commitment not to allow the extraction of this mineral from the country.
In Group D, NorthEast and FC Goa have hopes of reaching the next round while Lajong, who have lost twice, have no hopes this season.
The State Government has allocated T.415.93 crore for the implementation of more than 17 projects aimed at promoting tourism in Meghalaya.
The Meghalaya Youth Engagement and Training Program through ASPIRE Meghalaya, implemented by the Ministry of Sports and Youth Affairs, aims to empower the youth through training to develop their skills.
This was reportedly in accordance with the order of the Court.
You need a Meghalaya Health Policy.
The Shillong Western Bye-pass Project is divided into three phases namely Package I of 12.8 km, Package II of 11.9 km and Package III of 11.9 km. approximately 13.56 Kms.
Meghalaya will now play against Odisha from 5th June.
The PIL was filed by Greneth M Sangma against the Meghalaya government.
From her speech, it was understood that the Mahila Congress has not come out in these days to fight against violence against women because of the lack of attention of the leaders in charge of the department.
Because of the lack of fertilizer which affects their agriculture and because the lack of fertilizer is unique to this state while all other states are benefiting.
If the NPP doesn't form a government alone, the people will win back those parties that were in the MDA government. 1.0 and therefore, MDA
There is a saying that love has no limits and this is the truth, where a 93-year-old mother has just given birth.
On the Inner Line Permit, Dr Mukul said the MDA government has not taken action to talk to the central government to implement the ILP in the state.
He said that according to the reports of the patients who come for treatment at the hospital, there are times when the patients who come for treatment at the hospital They have to be transferred to other hospitals and this causes a lot of suffering to the patients.
Shillong, Nailar 06: The quarter final of the SSA Under-14 Boys League 2023 on Saturday ended with the teams of Mawreng, Umphyrnai, PFR FA and Mawlai winning the title. to continue their journey after winning the prize.
This is not to say that since the BJP in Assam has been at odds.
The Government of India should take care of the State of Meghalaya which is the most diverse state in India and even in the world where the indigenous people of this state/state They take their ancestry from the woman or the mother unlike other peoples of India or the world who take their ancestry from the father or the man.
In West Bengal, Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa's AIADMK candidate is likely to win, while in West Bengal, Trinamool Congress candidate Mamata Banerjee is expected to win. its majority is nearly 19 out of 42 seats.
Mynsien atnood, mynsien bichni To be with you, you, the sniaw chi-païu, for yourself and your people, for your country.
The union also found that these Muslims were the employees of Bah Sralsing Kharmawphlang who is a resident of the village.
The WJSU in its complaint said that the boarding in War Jaintia area has been cut off for many hours due to heavy rainfall.
Speech was also delivered by the patients who have recovered from the treatment of the hospital, Kong Berbina in which she expressed her gratitude for the work that the hospital has done well for them. especially in the healing of the eyes.
In this regard, many of the drivers said that although many of the people have seen that the lack of taxis to earn money, they have decided to stop the movement of four wheelers. However, this is not the case, said one of the drivers.
Let the celebration in the PR when the government announces publicly that the border with the Assam government has been resolved should be by clearing the border of our state and not by issuing a map. which reduces the boundaries of the state.
The District Magistrate has declared the quarter as a micro containment area after it was found that someone has tested positive for Corona Covid-1 close to the person infected with the disease.
Shillong, March 10: The Union of Village Authorities of Par Umkhen, which falls under three districts, East Khasi Hills, Ri-bhoi and West Jaintia Hills, has expressed its strong opposition to the proposal. The Urban Development Department of the State Government has decided to relocate the Marten from Mawiong to Lumsohlait in Nonghali.
The body was taken to nearby hospitals for post mortem.
Friends, there is no one in Khasi and Jaintia Hills who has experienced like me.
Bah Bring also taught by saying, “When you go to visit people's homes, don't stay long because people are busy and if you stay too long, it destroys people's jobs”.
We have full faith in the people of the country that whatever technology we bring for good governance, will be accepted and appreciated by the people of the country.
The JSU-WJC said that it will not accept this government's decision until it can provide the necessary facilities to curb the spread of the disease at Custom and entry and exit points.
Bah Torin said that the past and present Syiems are not the Syiems who maintain the customs and traditions but the Syiems who violate the customs and traditions of the people have become Christians. cut off this Raij.
Jowai: The District Level Special Task Force (DSP) has conducted a raid on illegal logging factories in East and West Jaintia Hills.
Conrad K Sangma has promised to provide jobs to 5 lakh people, especially the youth in the next five years if the National People's Party (NPP) wins again to form a government. people in Ampati.
Nongpoh, March 16: The residents of Umdap area and various villages in the area have expressed their deep concern over the condition of the road from 20 mer to Umdap area due to the deterioration of the road. of the road which has caused problems to them in coming and going especially in case of illness.
The Deficit Teachers, SSA have also started to protest if this government does not take their rights stingy.
The ANTF team has seized 5.29 grams of heroin and 10 grams of heroin in the state. Kimnei Khol, a mother from Manipur who lives in Madanriting.
We therefore need to unite together to fight this problem.
In JV with M/S BCC Buildtech Pvt Ltd, Package 1 will be implemented and then M/S ACE Construction will implement Package II. to complete the work before 22nd March 2025, while the search for contractors for Package IV and V is ongoing.
Other Ministers were chief guests at the celebrations held in different districts of the State.
All this has led to a debate regarding the legal procedures and the rights under the Constitution when it comes to the Prime Minister to rule during his imprisonment.
Jowai: The body of a young man who drowned in Kshaid Syndang, Jalaphet Bri-Sutnga on Tuesday was recovered by the Army and Police.
He said that on this basis, they have demanded from the Prime Minister to increase their honorarium to T.5000 and to provide other benefits by allowing the day laborers to register in Meghalaya. Building & Other Constructions Welfare Board or to be included in the Health, Social and Pension schemes run by the government, so that these day laborers can benefit like other employees.
There are three (three) sub-tribes in the Jaintia Hills which have been described in the Khasi Geography book by (L) Andromuney, Retired Inspector of Schools.
Regarding the delay in the release of the salaries of SSA teachers, the Minister said that the delay is due to the many holidays, but within this month the department will release the salaries of the SSA teachers. They have released their salaries to the office of the Project Director of the State Education Mission Authority (SEMAM) where it will reach the account of the DMC so that it can distribute the new salaries. Nongpoh: Witnessing from two places of border inspection between officials from Meghalaya and Assam, who visited Khanapara area in the past months and yesterday During the visit to the Balakhwa area, it was seen that the people living in these areas, although they are not Khasi, but it was seen that many of these people living on the border, want their land to go to the Meghalaya.
It is clear that the Inner Line Permit (ILP) is not applicable to all the States in the North East.
Rashtriya Janta Dal (RJD) leader Tejashwi Yadav was thrown slippers at a public meeting in Bihar yesterday.
Earlier, there was also a robbery of the SBI branch opposite the Rymbai & Co Petrol Pump, Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
One more person has died of the disease, bringing the total number of deaths to
About 60 people have received the demand letters from Ri Bhoi District, 40 from Jaintia Hills and 25 from Shillong, East Khasi Hills.
He said that this construction has caused a lot of trouble in the river and which is also against the Water Bodies Reservation and Preservation Guidelines
These things make the people more and more afraid.
Many other violations of the rules that the government cannot do anything in the state, I don't know why it prohibits only religious groups in many areas, it cannot enforce its rules. was announced.
Shillong, Nailar 28: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle has strongly condemned Prof. AK Das of the Department of Mathematics, NEHU for assaulting one of the research scholars at NEHU Mawlai.
Shillong, Naiwieng 08: Former UDP MLA from Nongspung, Bah John Antonio Lyngdoh (Bah Dip) has said that he wants to join the BJP as a member of the North Shillong Mandal. MPCC Vice President Shuki has informed the BJP that he will no longer join the Congress.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Ka KSU Pynursla together with the leaders of the KSU Sengkmie today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and lodged a complaint with the DC regarding the theft of stone. Bangladeshi Khar from Wah Khasmar in Nongsohphan-Raid Lyting and Nongshken District.
The CAG report dated October 31, 2014, stated that T.8.18 lakh has been spent for the preparation of the Detailed Project Report (DPR). The Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary has provided financial assistance of T.6.39 crore to the company implementing the project.
The group would like to extend their special congratulations to Alfarene Adella Nongbri, Jacinta Nongbri, Nazareene Natalia Nongbri, Sunny Andy Nongbri and Donri Careene Nongbri.
and I was beaten up to thirty times.
According to a report released by the Ministry of Road Transport (Zone North East), an allocation of T24.160 crore has already been released through the Central Road Infrastructure Fund (CRIF). The road for the repair of 30 kilometers in the border areas of East Jaintia Hills District.
Geologist together with Mr. B.Lyngdoh, Sr.
It is learned that the Shillong Municipal Board has given permission to the private sector to build a shop in this area despite the congestion of the parking lot.
Shillong: After six months of suspension, the KHADC today re-appointed Bah Bashemphang Thabah as the full Lyngdoh of Sohiong Hima who was suspended on 20th November
The leaders have prepared and encouraged the participants and their followers to follow strictly the rules and regulations laid down by the government and hope that these two days too this dance will be a success. walk straight ahead.
Those who are still drinking alcohol in a water bottle or a plastic bottle and those who are still drinking from the same plastic bottle.
After the KHNAM supported the PDF in the District Council led by Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem, CEM, the KHNAM leaders said that the reason for their support was the issues of the District Council. Under the leadership of Bah Pynshngaiñ, the issues of the nation.
Along with Sangma, other MLAs are Selsella MLA Ferlin CA Sangma and Phulbari MLA SG Estamur Mominin, both from the NPP. Himalaya M Shangpliang, MLA of Mawsynram, will contest from the BJP in the upcoming 2023 elections.
Bah Lapang said he is saddened to see that these days, many of the leaders in various political parties, no longer have that desire to build the betterment of the society. , but their presence in civil society groups is only for peace and business.
The most important factor in its growth is often the texture of the soil.
“Despite this news of the cleanliness of the air, we have not taken stingy in this regard,” said the CM in reply to a call by Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun. in the Assembly for the setting up of the MSPCB office in Byrnihat.
“I have been speaking from time to time to this government to ensure that the people do not lose confidence in the Constitution, because if the people lose confidence, many of these problems will arise. problems that can affect your peace.
There has been a slowdown on the part of the Electricity Department of the State Government in relation to the counting of light electricity bills to the households by counting.
In West Garo Hills, there are 15 cases including 6 high risk cases, 8 armed forces cases and 1 foreigner.
The hospital does not have a generator to supply electricity to the CHC.
He said that it is the duty of the residents to take action to take care of the benefits they have received from the department.
This is a personal part of each of us, we are not human beings.
He said that many scientists are scientists who explain the field of agriculture but the true scientists are the farmers who understand the field and it is necessary for the farmers to fight with the modern science and their own science. , to further improve the agricultural sector in the state.
Shreya R Marak helped South Garo Hills Cricket Association to win by 21 runs in the U-14 Girls Inter District Tournament. The T20 Cricket Tournament 2023 was held at Nongpyndeng, West Khasi Hills today.
She also said that the law should punish.
Shillong, June 11: The State Government has directed the Meghalaya Police Department to verify whether there is a bomb threat by a terrorist group through social media.
In recent years, the State Government has established two programs for local entrepreneurs called “PRIME HUB” in Shillong and Tura, where local entrepreneurs can come to training, in which they will immediately share knowledge and skills.
Besides, the government has said that with the onset of heavy rains and the rise in water level in Umïam, the power shortage will be curbed.
Lurman B. Talang was also elected as Assistant General Secretary and Nangnaibor Sutnga as Assistant Publicity Secretary for the term 2018-2
The state police have registered about 795 cases of visa fraud in 2023, with Ernakulam district topping the list.
The District Agriculture Officer, Jowai in collaboration with the Agriculture Technology Management Agency (ATMA), Jowai and the KVK Jaintia Hills on the 16th of this month celebrated the 16th National Day of the Year. World Food Day on the theme “Growth, Nourish, Sustain Together” at Wahiajer Community Hall.
At least 30 people were trying to get fuel from the truck and suddenly the truck caught fire and burst into flames and injured many people.
This is evident from the refusal of the Government to pass the Private Member Bill to repeal the vacancy bill introduced by the MLA of North Shillong Constituency, Bah Adelbert Nongrum. The meeting has just ended,” said VPP President Ardent Basaiawmoit.
They also requested to be taken to the UCIL uranium mining site in Jharkhand, so that they can prepare the information collection so that they can get the support of the people,” said Kong Nongbri. do many difficult tasks to negotiate and meet with the people who are the leading groups to resume mining (Uranium.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Nongtnger said that the IO is investigating the incident last month and it is impossible to proceed immediately with the complaint. thorough investigation.
The Bill was passed by the House by the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, which aims to prevent the entry of people without providing documents especially those who are from the state.
“In the end, it is the people of Mylliem who elect the MLA and not Conrad or Purno,” he said.
iv) Further research revealed that in 1600 AD, the Khasi gave jaid to his father – it was one of the events that led to the giving of jaid to his mother to preserve the Khasi identity and customs.
On this occasion, the VPP will honor the composer and singer of the song “Kongdeng Kongnah ha U Prah”.
The two candidates who are applying for the BJP ticket include Michael Khyrsyntiew and Mariahom Kharkrang.
Shillong: The State Government has decided to purchase 50 acres of land at Nongmahir, Ribhoi District at a cost of T.10 crore.
The reason why the Chief Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi, has visited these border roads, is to find out the truth and that all these roads should not be light, but should be narrow. The entry and exit of people, in order to prevent the spread of Corona Virus or COVID-1
This is also part of the YMCA’s annual program for the children it trains in various fields.
Fourthly, on the convening of the General Meeting on 16/11/2019 for East Khasi Hills District, we cannot ban anything from the SSA teachers, but the SSA teachers should understand and consider the basis. The General Executive Meeting and the Association as a whole stand firm for the benefit of many of you and not just for the benefit of one or two people. which issues with the Government.
There will be cultural performances and advice from the elders on the preservation of the religion, customs and traditions inherited from God.
The film 'Sounds from the Truck Country' is a film about the ceremony of consecrating a new house or the ritual before entering a new house known as 'Laheh' in Shangpung. the crowd applauded.
It is a time to celebrate, and to give recognition to teachers and students.
“The Union also condemns the formation of the All Ri Bhoi Garo Headman Association by the Garo Headman Association. and at the same time, they demanded that they should immediately dissolve the group, in order to avoid any misunderstandings.
However, the sad thing is that the promotion has been done without adequate staff, without adequate staff and often ended up in the ribbon cutting and the laying of the foundation stone. The budget has been laid the foundation stone and promoted which is like a misleading to the people before the election.
The meeting was held after the former MLA, who is also the Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Development Information Commission, was invited to open the Dommawlien Dorbar Hall. lakh tyngka for the SRWP scheme 2017-18 and in this meeting, they unanimously decided to demand that the Meghalaya government should not remove these three schemes. polling station is located in the area.
Referring to the decline in education in the state, he said, “If the educated people from the rural areas don't go back to their villages but come to live in the cities, what will happen? There is a lot of competition in many areas from employment, shelter, drinking water and so on, while in the rural areas it is the same because the educated people have fled. They went to the city, the villagers didn't go anywhere, that's what we see until now”.
In terms of education, Nonglang is the center of the Muliang area which includes the border areas with Assam.
They include Royalson Lapang in K-1, Plassing Mynsong in full contact and Kordor Rynjah in full contact, while Shanbor Kurbah won the silver medal in full contact.
The galleries and wall are currently being demolished for expansion and repair.
Shillong, Jymmang 15 : The lack of a fence on the small bridge behind the office of the DTO East Khasi Hills, Lower Lachumiere has prompted the parents of school children to express their concern to walk especially on the bridge. for not strong and lapbah.
He said that the union expects that this pilot project will be successful so that the people living near the Lukha River will benefit from the Lukha River.
He said that the union and the students of various colleges will continue to protest until they see the official notification.
The CM State Level Inter School Athletic Meet (CMS) has been organized by the Sports and Youth Affairs Department of the State Government for the second day. today, July 1, 2013 at the Sports Authority of India, STC NEHU, Mawlai Umshing.
When these officials visited these patients, they found that there are only 8 patients including children and adults who are still undergoing treatment, but many of them have left and received prayers from them. care facility.
Agreas Chamcham Sangma took two wickets for 18 runs and Manish took one wicket for 23 runs.
While Metba was speaking and expressed his condolences to Murmu, Sanbor stood up and protested by saying that there is no violence against ethnic minorities in India, said MLAs who attended the meeting. .
DSO to hold Fit India Run 4.0 on 31st March 2023 at the DSO Office in Ri-Bhoi District in collaboration with the District Administration The event will start at 7 pm from Saiden Indoor Stadium and end at NSCA Indoor Stadium Umlyngkdait.
One of the three persons, who was shot dead at 12 noon today, was identified as Sengat N Sangma (16), who was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital. Sengat, who lives in the Gittim Reserve in Tura, was arrested.
I don't need to apply for a lock down. I don't need a map.
One of the Middle-Distance runners from the Netherlands, Sifan Hassan, has achieved her own goal of victory and distinction in the Marathon; The tournament which she finds herself in as a challenge will open the way for her to compete in addition to the marathon in the longer and shorter distance at the Paris Olympics
At this step, the truck kit lyntang, has caused a heavy traffic jam for the vehicles coming and going in Upper Shillong and thus, the police have used up to three vehicles, to stop the truck to relieve the traffic.
On the other hand, the Branch Manager said that her office has not asked or authorized the employees to apply for Aadhar Number, but all this is due to the cleverness and negligence of the employees.
Then the mother of Rida told her husband about her marriage to another man.
In Group C, Pyndengrei will play against Lumdiengngan at 3pm.
Shillong, which has been known as the Scotland of the East from time to time, has become more and more colorful with the passing of the days and it can be said that it is now one of the most beautiful places. nowadays in terms of marketing.
Earlier, BSF troops found an overloaded vehicle parked near the narrow road leading to the border.
He said that the demand for his resignation is only political, but because he wants the state to be peaceful, he will resign.
Conard R Sana scored 55 runs (6×4 and 4×6) while Joodansoon Rymbai of 4-Mowkaïaw United took five wickets in four overs.
In this regard, the opposition parties like the Congress, CPI and Tipramotha said that the action of the macha is only to create ethnic unrest.
Dwis has five children, of whom one of the eldest sons accused his father -he admitted that it was his father who killed his mother , and he got talk to your father on the phone.
He said that the Foundation will not hesitate, but will continue to inform the government to recognize the maintainers of the bridges, because it is through them that the bridges in the state will be known and seen. .
The price of the ship is very high.
“It is true that many armed groups have surrendered, but even so, the police department will not count even if there is no sign of armed groups resurfacing in Garo Hills,” he said. .
By following the above, we can understand that if we the Riewlum stand firm on the foundation that has been laid, the time will come when the Assamia and other forces will destroy us. they shall no more be able to destroy our way.
Shillong, Jymmang 06 : The President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar on Saturday said that the KSU does not put religion first but puts the nation first.
You can find them at 1Kings 10:14; 2 Chronicles 9:3; Ezra 2:13; Revelation 13:1
In the Under-17 girls category, North Liberty H/S School beat Little Flower H/S School 3-0 while Police Public Secondary School beat Lumpyrtuh Secondary School 1-0
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Mr. Sanjay Goyal came to take part in the competition and distributed the prizes to the winners.
Therefore, all those who drive to work and farm are requested to cooperate with this arrangement for the safety of many.
Shillong, November 5 : U Dr Ampareen Lyngdoh, MLA of Laitumkhrah Constituency, who has been suspended from the Congress party, will join the new party (NPP) after November 10,
Sikkim lost three wickets for 37 runs after Sen took two wickets in 10 overs.
Tel Aviv: Israeli troops have launched another heavy offensive against Hamas militants in Gaza on Wednesday.
Niaw Wasa, former champions, failed to score the first goal of the match when Sambiang Wara Wet scored the first goal in the 28th minute from a corner kick. to lead by 2-1 goals.
As a leader from Unit and Mawlai Circle, I urge the Sengkmie to take immediate action on this issue and not to take sides, because I have heard of some Cheap Leaders of the Sengkmie together with an MDC (politician). Shillong, Jymmang 30: Due to the increasing number of incidents of insult and harassment of people in KSU Mawlai Circle, the EC has been refreshed especially the post President. The Government has appointed a Chief Coordinator with the rank of IG, 11 Coordinators from District Additional CsPs/DCsPs and 40 Police Leaders from Youth. study with the staff of the North East.
“Do you understand when I say the small pond and the big pond?” asked the mother to her son.
The District Child Protection Officer, East Jaintia Hills District, said that if there is a theft, the victims should immediately inform within 24 hours so that the money will be recovered as soon as possible. T.Kyndiah said that cyber crime is many kinds and they do it just to make money, there are also kidnappings, robbery committed through online, he urged them to Parents should watch their children who use mobile phones, computers and teach them to avoid online evils.
The work has not yet been done, but the word has been too much.
Without humans, the earth is like an empty body without a soul.
Adelbert Nongrum, MLA North Shillong, has strongly criticized the government for dismissing three officers after they investigated and found corruption in the Lokayukta. MLAs, MDCs are involved.
“Their victory is first of all an honor to the family, the village and the district as a whole”, said Bah Kitborsing. Glory to all those who have reached their goals as well as those who have not reached their goals but their spirit of struggle will continue to grow from time to time.
It may be recalled here that the government has already issued directives under letter no.
We would like to express our special gratitude to the Police Department.
The problem in human life is the shortcomings of life and a person can correct, do right, walk right and work right only if they change and live a life that is right, clean and pure, not khwan himself.
The Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare, James Sangma said, “This policy is very important especially in relation to the current situation in the state and as the government we want to associate with those people who are affected by tragedies because they carry their anxieties and thoughts, they are heavy.
In connection with this incident, the family members of the deceased have requested anyone who has seen or found the deceased to call the following numbers: 985 6888831/8014813334/8
Other Congress leaders in the state, too, by keeping silent on all these issues, have shown that they agree and disagree with these statements and actions of the Chief Whip of the party, because that according to the rules of law, if the whip (shabuk) is implemented, everyone must follow it.
“I will meet the Minister of Home Affairs this month and I will discuss the issue of peace talks with the HNLC,” said Bah AL Hek.
He said that the current UDP candidate is not inferior to others as he comes from the house of Dr. Donkupar.
The almanac was launched by Bah T. Lyngdoh President of the HSPDP Nongstoin Area Unit in the presence of other leaders including Bah Nicolas Marweiñ and other party office bearers.
Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani welcomed the FIFA World Cup in Qatar after Jungkook's performance.
Himanta recalled that during his visit to Langpih, there was happiness among the residents and he expects that when he visits the border of West Karbi Anglong and Jaintia Hills, there will be the same feeling. stay in those places, so that there will be no distrust.
The SP said that the two men confessed that they killed the girl in one of the buildings in Demseiniong and after killing her they threw her body into the river.
Shillong: Up to seven Meghalayans who have received various schemes of the Central Government, have been invited to witness the Independence Day celebrations at Red Fort, Delhi, on 15th July, 2023 as special guests.
It may be recalled that Agness had requested for the report through RTI on 2nd July while the HLSC headed by EP Kharbhih had submitted the report to PS Thangkhiew. Replying to an RTI query by Agness Kharshiing, the Principal Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Bah BS Sohliya said, the report is not affiliated with the Department of Education.
“They should not be evicted but should be evicted, how can we give land to illegal immigrants, those who are not employees of the Municipal should be evicted, those who work for the Municipal should be evicted. “HYC President Robertjune Kharjahrin told reporters.
By the end of the first half, the match had ended in a 1-1 draw.
He said that in fact the union has met with the Medical Superintendent to find out about the complaint of the people that when the electricity is turned off, the patients who come for treatment have to sit in darkness. The patients during the power outage also have many shortcomings in the health center and the authorities are facing problems because the government has not been able to provide the necessary facilities in the health centre.
Since the incident on the 13th of this month at 9 pm, a search operation has been conducted except for one woman.
Which may affect any policies and procedures of the Central and State Governments or2
They also asked that if these states can do it why Meghalaya cannot do it, as it is now Khasi and Jaintia alone have more than 18000 commercial vehicles, if this benefit can be stopped it will be long hi to the owners of the village.
Regarding the call for a rally on the 20th at Mawlai Phudmuri Bus Stand, James Sylliang said, “The rally on the road has no meaning, but action speaks louder than words.
Otherwise, the future of our ancestors and future generations will be dark.
When we look back a little at the riots that have happened in Shillong, we can see that the root cause of all these incidents is the attack by the owners of the land in some places where other ethnic groups have he well paid.
He also used to plant and bury seeds and knew the day to plant seeds in the field or in the field.
Shillong: Members of the ABVP Meghalaya, led by Darilin Tang, State Secretary, today met with Vice Chancellor Nehu, SK Srivastava, at his office in the presence of Pro- Vice Chancellor, Ma Henry Lamin.
“I believe that the government authorities will listen to their demand,” said Bah Philip Marwein, Acting General Secretary of KJFA. in front of the Secretariat and the house of Lakmen and Conrad...and let them pay the money.
On the other hand, the MLA of Mairang Constituency, who is also the Speaker of the House, while speaking on the occasion, congratulated the MLA of Mawthadrashain, who has worked hard to get this district.
The people of Meghalaya and other states like Nagaland and Tripura have already given their decision to their leaders in their respective constituencies.
Shuwameiaki Kharumnuid scored the first goal for Iatyllilang SC in the 70+2 minutes.
The Missionary replied that he did not know.
In fact, it was reported that the High Court had scheduled to hear the case on Thursday but due to a meeting of lawyers, it was postponed.
In West Jaintia Hills, there are 3 cases, one of whom is a high risk contact and 2 cases from outside the country.
Even if the BJP, which has two seats, is removed, it still has 31 seats, which is the majority to rule the state.
Due to the failure of the women's cricket team to participate in this year's cricket tournament, the team has now finished third in the group. The Women's T20 World Cup in South Africa is the fifth team to be selected for the upcoming edition of the tournament next year. 2024 in Bangladesh.
“Whoever says that we are against Hindi, those who say, I think they should listen carefully to Bah Ardent's speech on the speech, not just accuse to lead the people,” he said.
Dr DJ Gowami, who treated the patients, said that according to the patients, the main reason was because they ate rotten pork.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Lionel Nongkhlaw said that the Acting Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Paiem Ainam Manik Syiem, has called for talks with these 11 complainants. Those who were not invited to attend the meeting were expelled from the conference hall.
In this incident, some of the residents have been walking through the area which has been destroyed just because they are running away from their jobs and some of them have been walking along the forest roads which has taken time. It took them more than 1 hour to reach Wahmawlyndiar village which is only 500 meters away.
Khliehriat, Lber 26 : Police of Lumshnong Police Station, today, while conducting a search operation on all vehicles passing through the National Highway-6 in Lumshnong, have seized drugs. Heroin weighing 125.19 grams, packed in soap boxes and wrapped in plastic bags, was recovered from a Sumo with registration number ML-05 J-8 One of the passengers of the vehicle was hit by a sumo tourist.
“We as the village leaders are pleased that Bah Paul is in charge of the department which deals with the problems faced by the villages from the drug trafficking.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Home Affairs, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the company has been able to bring its own people to a public hearing recently at Thangskai, East Jaintia Hills.
The DC also distributed the Court Order to both the parties to ensure that they have received and respected the order of the court.
“Don't blame the youth of the country, when they have started to touch our flesh and blood,” said Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President, FKJGP.
One of the elders from Pyndengrei said that if a candidate who has no connection with the government wins, it will be a great benefit to the area and if others who have no connection with the government win, it will be more difficult. just be on the opposite side.
Speaking to media at a press conference held at the office of FKJGP today, Bah DK Nonglait, President of FKJGP South West Khasi Hills District, expressed his gratitude to the FKJGP. Prestone Tynsong who took the initiative to inspect the road from Jingkieng Borbasing to Alikwareng Road which has been constructed by NHIDCL not as a Two Lane but as an Intermediate Lane. and this was not in accordance with the allocation.
Nongpoh: Dozens of pigs have died without knowing it from a pig farm in Saiden village under the supervision of Nangku Chaphrang Multi Purpose Co-operative Society Ltd. for whatever reason these pigs died.
Donboklang strongly criticized the state government for not making public the report of the committee of inquiry headed by Justice T Vaiphei even after the committee of inquiry had submitted its report from 20th June to MR.ShuhSH said that as the government has asked for time to take action as they demanded against the police who shot, the government should do so now.
The court has only two judges out of the requirement of four after the retirement of Chief Justice Abhilasha Kumari.
The reporter said that the deceased did not have any signs of injury on their bodies, but when they left the house, they died because of the strong fire. , who parked in the whole area, while nine others who lived in the same room, which was rented, escaped, when they walked through another route to leave. noh from this house.
He said that he doesn't want to go to the hills to graze the goats because he is afraid of being stolen.
The UCC is still on the Concurrent List in the 7th Schedule of the Constitution of India.
According to sources, the Manipur government has lifted the curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm so that the people can go shopping or go to work.
In the end, if they don't get drugs, the youth don't hesitate to do anything and they fight hard to convince others to become their supporters.
On the same day, the President of the Sengkmie, Loris Dohtdong, also inaugurated the Football Final between Moojem FC and Lamarang FC. 1-0 col.
“It is interesting to know that farmers have started working on the extraction of oil from plants for the production of oilseeds,” he said.
However, due to the failure of the students to submit timely information, the administration canceled the contract.
Due to these concerns, the MCTA has stopped taking classes for the first semester of the Four Year Under Graduate Program (FYUP) and has launched a Non-Cooperation Movement against NEHU from 1st March. Nailar 2023.
The Indian government has suggested to the Assam government to slaughter all the pigs in the state, but the Assam government has not yet taken such a decision.
“Once the government property is destroyed, it will be a loss of benefit to the people and it will be difficult for them to get back the money to build offices, buy cars and other property,” she said. Kong Roshan.
West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday experienced another flood due to the rise of the Myntdu River, which covered the fields nearby.
It will cause the child to lose his free time.
And the last to continue this work and to develop it further is Rev. (Dr).
In total, in Ri Bhoi District, from four constituencies, there are 35 candidates from different parties including independent candidates. Who among these candidates will win the title after the people have fulfilled their duty to elect those leaders who are according to their vision or willingness to become such leaders to the The Dobar of the State.
Since he got into the vehicle, Ribok did not understand the road and suddenly he found that he had reached one place and suddenly another and he understood that he had been abducted.
It was then that the Jews or Israelites would know and accept that Jesus was their Messiah whom they had rejected for more than 2000 years.
“However, the UDP candidate will not reach anywhere and the VPP candidate as you know, these will end only in Byrnihat,” he said.
Of these, 61 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 18 cases from East Garo Hills, 13 cases from West Garo Hills and 8 cases from Ribhoi District.
Technological innovations and the adoption of digital innovations in the financial sector through smartphones, fintech, and high-speed internet have played a major role in the increase in account numbers to 71% in developed countries. still others in the last shiphew years.
On the other hand, the SP of Ri-Bhoi, Giri Prasad, said that the people should not believe such news without confirmation as the police have conducted an investigation into the news, but there is no evidence. such an allegation as has been spread, and is only a rumor.
The indoor games competitions included Badminton, Table Tennis, Chess and Carrom Board.
Speaking to reporters, Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that in fact as the MLA of the area, he had already opposed from the beginning after receiving information that the casino would come. For this reason, he has sent a letter to the Chief Minister to take action on this issue.
Besides cultivating rice such as Sabiah Wasting, Sabiah Waiong, Wapnah, Tadong, Naka, Watlang, Maro, Yuha, they also cultivate other crops such as Krai Soh, Krai Malu, Riewhadem. , Wax, Shrimp, Shriew, Shrimp, Shyrmit, Lashein, Jhur and other crops.
The union urges the authorities of NEEPCO to suspend the implementation of this electricity generation project until the residents of this area have received accurate electricity and also to get the electricity. approved by many churches in the whole area.
He said that the Karbi are brave enough to poach and damage the forests within the boundary of the village because they are accompanied by the Assam Police. The residents of Khanduli are still happy because they expect that the problems faced by the Karbi and Assam Police will be protected by the District authorities of West Jaintia Hills and the Assam Police. Government of Meghalaya issues statement.
Oilseed Cake Another type of fertilizer from which we can get this nitrogen is what we call oilseed cake.
Assam beat Arunachal Pradesh 3-1 in the final of the Mixed Team Championship on Saturday and today they have completed all their singles matches.
I don't know why I'm not an ex pastor. I don't know why I'm not an ex pastor. I don't know why I'm not an ex pastor. The pastor is retired and he doesn't speak as a Christian.
Rupang was led by Lhai Khongshei and accompanied by the Sordar of the village, Ballistar Khongrymmai, in the presence of another school teacher, Robert Tding.
Regarding the difference in prices between Assam which has already been connected by rail with Meghalaya, the JSU said that the prices of goods in Assam are much higher compared to those in Assam. It should also be noted that the price of dewbilat is lower in the area produced in Meghalaya compared to Assam. To facilitate the export of dewbilat to other states will only benefit the traders but not the people of Meghalaya.
However, they decided to monitor the scheme without delay so that the T.87 crore will be fully implemented in the Sohra area where the Ecological Project has been allocated for 45 villages in the area.
It seems that this disease has the power to easily destroy even the unity of the community and the family.
To say that it is God's creation is too difficult.
Speaking on the report, Bah Adelbert strongly criticized the EC and said that the EC's action is just a deception to delay the time.
In previous years, many young people have chosen to train themselves in the MBA program and it is said that West Bengal has the largest number of MBA students in the North East.
Dr Janak Jhankar Narzari spoke about his works which have become famous not only in India, but also in the literary and social circles around the world, especially in Europe. .
Sangma said that in a recent meeting with government officials, which was also attended by traders from Assam, they expressed their readiness to return to Garo Hills. part of your inheritance.
Anyone who gets TB needs to take antibiotics as directed by doctors.
He said that Ri-Bhoi District is one of the famous places in the production of various varieties including Sohtrun and that is why the government has taken special care. to Ri Bhoi, with the aim of setting up a Food Processing Unit, which will also enable the farmers to set up their own businesses, because through this Food Processing Unit, the farmers will be able to produce a variety of beverages. from Sohtrun and from other kinds of soh.
At this meeting, new office bearers and others will be elected.
Therefore, if we are truly a 'tip-briew tip-blei' nation, we must wake up each other to come to unity.
Tura Christian College is one of the nine community colleges in the state which has received the benefits of funding for teachers and staff under the People's College Grant (PCG) aid scheme.
But we can do small things with great love.
I'll put it away," said the brother.
What is this?” Ranaut asked.
Speaking at a public meeting attended by tens of thousands of people, Conrad said that in the last five years, leaders from various political parties have joined the NPP which shows that the NPP knows. robust.
Meghalaya will play against Maharashtra on Thursday.
He said the price in the Golfink and Polo areas is between 5.5,000 to 10,000 tyngka per square foot and this 10,000 square feet office alone has already cost 5 to 10 crore tyngka.
Shillong, Nailar 25: U Babu, today announced that he will join the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC).
In the Langpih sector, there are about 200 villages, and Bah Paul said there are about 54 villages which should be with Meghalaya with proper documents.
The officers explained the various activities in the water treatment process.
“Givenson has led Demthring Sports Club in the Under-12 and Under-1
The reason for the commemoration of them is because they have been able to rise above the feelings of “Parabangeit”, “Para-kur”, “Para-shnong”, “Para-thaiñ”, etc.
However, when I went to apply for the ticket, they told me that they had their own candidates.
The Governor said it is necessary for the Bill to stand when there is any dispute in the House.
I want to know the syllabus of the CEE (Common Entrance Examination) of Nerie for the year 2020 or for the previous year I would like to know the syllabus of CEE (Common Entrance Examination) of Nerie for the year 2020 or your Syllabus of CEE of Nerie of the year 2020 or just give the previous year also 2019 please if you can I will appreciate you.
According to a statement from the DTC, besides the speech by the Principal of the school, Brother Anant, a skit was also received by the BSW students of St. Edmund's College and Women's College. how the disease spreads and how it can be recognized and treated.
Not only has he reached the final, but Neeraj has also qualified for the Paris Olympics 2024, with a distance of 85.50m.
When asked whether the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (AMWA) can provide financial assistance, Sherita said that the Association itself cannot provide financial assistance. .
The President of the Civil Society of Women's Organization (CSWO) Agnes Kharshiing has filed a PIL in the High Court demanding the removal of the MLA/MDC status of those who have been involved in the crime.
As we have seen above, the word 'Secularism' means that the Government should not support or oppose any religion.
Therefore, Sri Lanka will not send to China those shrieh which are in the reserved areas, but will take those shrieh from the agricultural land and those which have grown without production. nor shall I rule, nor shall I rule.
The ceremony was held at Madan Kurkalang, Bhoirymbong in the presence of Umroi MDC, Bah RR Kharbuki, Ma Ngaitlang Dhar, father of MLA, u Former Mawhati MLA Dasakhiat Lamare, State General Secretary of the NPP and other NPP leaders from Umroi and Ri Bhoi Districts.
Shillong, Naitung 8: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners and Drivers Association (JHTODA) has given seven days to the government to take action against the National Green Tribunal's ban on the transportation of coal in the country. Jaintia.
New Delhi: Chief of Defense Staff General Bipin Rawat died this afternoon when his helicopter crashed in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu.
The appointment of the SP of North Garo Hills, Bruno A. Sangma, came after a complaint was lodged with the ECI, alleging that the officer is related to the NPP candidate and Tura MP, Agatha K. .Sangma and will be against the smooth and orderly conduct of elections.
Speaking to reporters, Bah K.Shangrit, one of the relatives of the deceased, said that the incident may have happened on the morning of the 10th of this month. Jinustarwell used to go to his parents' fish pond at night and especially that many fish had just been released on the 9th of this month.
As Khasi Leaders, they should take immediate action to improve and strengthen the Marriage Laws of the Khasi Jaitbynriew in order to protect against unclean marriages.
A clear voice came out from the people and village leaders that it is the history of the state that it has been able to resolve the border issue for the first time in 6 border areas, but it is The government has not listened to their feelings and has transferred some of the villages to Assam, although the people are against and do not want this decision which is like forcibly expelling them from the state. .
The Government has introduced the Meghalaya Building Bye Law only in urban areas and has been extended to the suburbs.
Shillong: Following the strike by commercial vehicle drivers in the state who have stopped working since 3rd June 2021 over the increase in petrol and diesel prices in the state, groups of bus drivers have also have recently decided to join hands in the stoppage action which is due to start from yesterday Saturday 6th June 2021; However, their plan failed after the Secretary of the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority issued an order to them to leave and operate the four buses. There are also arshaka or rapido operators waiting to carry passengers into Khyndailad.
According to the Village Leaders of Umstain Village, the election was held on 29 June 2019 under the chairmanship of the Dolloi, Manbha Kyndoh and the Secretary of the Elaka.
Teachers will be managed under the Assured Career Progress Scheme (ACPS) which means that they will receive an increase in salary as some of them do not have the opportunity for promotion.
They make laws that really benefit the people and fight until the rights of all the people are shed.
U Bah Latiplang honored the residents including the residents who have reached the age of 90 years and above, pharmacists, volunteers, school authorities, teachers, artists. Khasi filmmakers, intellectuals, entrepreneurs, sportsmen, writers, famous singers, school and college students who passed well in examinations, Rangbah Shnongs and others.
The fire may have been caused by works on the power line in the laboratory department of the hospital.
There are about 39 employees of the Board and they have also formed a group under the banner of the Meghalaya State Housing Board Employees Union (MSHBEU) to look into their problems.
The Board has also lodged a complaint against the theft of the Class IX question papers. All the schools registered with the MBOSE will be preparing for the Matric examination while Class XI will be preparing for the Class XII examination. The government has set strict rules for the heads of schools and co-ordinating officers to take responsibility to prevent any incident such as the theft of questions. less questions to the children and in all respects.
He also urged everyone to get the COVID-19 vaccine to protect themselves and others from the threat of COVID-1
LONGKAR3).
The central theme of this health coverage is Universal Health Coverage.
They also alleged that the wastewater comes from the quarry which falls within the border of Assam.
The CEM said this while speaking at the opening ceremony of the new office of the council in Jowai.
The Pulwama attack in 2019, which killed about 40 soldiers, has prompted the Modi government to repeal Article 370, the CM said. The Supreme Court on Tuesday, the source said.
", said Esther.
Shreya was named Player of the Match.
Other Doctors and staff of the DMHO office, staff of other Government departments and others.
This was announced by the Chairman of the North East Students Organization (NESO), Bah Samuel B Jyrwa, after leaving the Supreme Court, which heard the case on Tuesday.
Dr. Pabitra R Hajong, Block Development Officer, Jirang C&RD Block, said that as of this evening, it has been estimated that the number of houses affected has reached 44 households. , in which their houses, were destroyed by the Erlangthari, which came suddenly.
Kanani said the statue will have a 500 feet high observation deck overlooking the Sardar Sarovar Dam.
Speaking on the Raid Demoreah or Raid Rithor of Mylliem Hima, the Basan of Mylliem Hima confirmed that in the second phase of the boundary settlement, these villages under the Raid Demoreah should come back. They can also prove through documents from the time of the British rule that this raid was under the supervision of Syiem Bormanik Syiem of Mylliem Hima.
What is more surprising is that on his body there are scars in the shape of a Cross.
Some people said, “If you can really kill the rakot, then come you and your wife, come and stay with us at home, eat as much as you want, sleep as much as you want and eat as much as you want.
On the other hand, we will not allow those who come to work, as it will affect the peace and stability of the community and the state as a whole”.
I am in good health and I have informed those who have contacted me, in the past few days.
NEW DELHI: The Government of India has ordered the citizens of the country to deposit all their income in banks.
Nazareth proclaimed to Jerusalem and to the ends of the earth that Jesus was the Christ the Savior of the world.
The residents of these villages also threw stones on the road so that the vehicle of the journalists and Agness could not pass, and they also sat on the road to block the vehicle. , The people carried sticks and stones in their hands, and hid themselves in the forest and as soon as the vehicle they were riding left the forest.
From Mawthadraishan, there was a fierce ticket race between Biolynda L Nonglait and Damian Marshangbai, while from Nongstoin, there was a fierce ticket race between incumbent MDC LG Nongsiej and Pynthymmaibor Shangrit.
They don't know how to serve and do good for the people.
The employees of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) today issued a strong letter warning the government of India not to interfere too much with the workforce of the bank.
For point counting purposes, it will be finalized one week after all photos/videos have been released.
Sailung Ialong beat Mukhla Raij 1-0 in the final of the 10th Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium on Saturday. .
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Shillong, on Tuesday said that through the Supreme Court's decision, those who spread false information and those involved in spreading false information on the vaccine corona, the government can punish these people severely.
“After this, Khyndailad will become a music hub and will also attract international tourists to Shillong,” he said. Come on Paul.
“It is not for me to identify but as it is, I am in talks with the police department to identify the areas so that once sent, I can talk to the Commanders of those Units and show them, “If they have any feelings, we can talk,” he said.
Let us explain here how they do this so that the farmers in Khasi-Jaintia can also try to produce such seeds which can produce better riewhadem crops.
"We want to ensure that through this amendment, the misunderstanding among the people will be reduced," he said.
They were identified as Lebison Ch Momin, Jonathon Ch Momin, Albin Ch Momin, Jatengbath T Sangma and Master Ponty Ch Momin, 17 years old.
Boro to conduct an investigation into the escape of the robbers from Phatok.
The Home Department has launched an inquiry against Nurul Islam and dismissed him.
As a mother, I would like my daughter and you Pastor to continue to walk in this relationship until that time.
A Smart Meter is an electricity meter that can record the income and expenditure of electricity if installed in their homes.
Tantia Construction Limited has admitted that there is a dispute over the land in Lad Mawreng and Cantonment Area.
Therefore, the party demands that he be arrested and punished according to the law.
When Rupang spoke to the owner of synsar at the market, he said that the price of synsar depends on the agricultural products.
TGG has approximately 53 institutions in the country with more than 55,000 students and 4000 faculty members.
Carlos Alcaraz, 20, of Spain, has been able to defeat Djokovic, who holds the title. 1-6, 7-6, 8-6, 6-1, 3-6 and 6-4
“During the search, 71 rounds of unused rounds of AK-47 rifle were seized from him and he was taken to jail for questioning.
At this time, all the people need to wake up that this election time is not a Christmas time to get something like children from Santa Klos, but it is part of the life and death of the country. and the nation and the state as a whole.
The HYC leaders visited NEIGRIHMS Hospital on the invitation of the Director to discuss the demands of the HYC and report to NEIGRIHMS to implement.
I will file my nomination papers on Friday,” said Bah Antonio.
The court expressed its regret that Meghalaya has been in the news these days for unfounded reasons.
There are 28 schools for Under-17 Boys, 26 schools for Under-14 Boys and 9 schools for Under-17 Girls.
In the past few days, Dr. Bishnoi has visited Mawlai, Madanryting and Happy Valley villages to meet with the village officials to discuss the issue of alcohol abuse. die drugs.
Vivek’s annual turnover stood at Rs 6.26 crore in the previous fiscal year.
Titos said that the absence of the Hima Dorbar will free the Syiem and the Hima Dorbar should be maintained according to the customs and traditions, said the Sohra MDC.
On the other hand, Bah Hek, while explaining about the appearance of his brother-in-law, Bah Rocky Hek to contest against him in this election, admitted that there will be no impact as many of his family members have died. and he came out to support him.
Speech was also delivered by the newly elected President of Raid Mawbuh (Block 1) Unit, Samla Paul Syiem on the non-construction of the washing ghat worth T.16 lakh at Umroi Market under the CSR Project of the Airport Authority. India (AAI).
Shillong, Lber 06: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Monday approved a budget of T.46,27,16,190 crore for the period from 1st June to 30th July
“Instead of helping the farmers, the government has been intimidating the people by issuing an order banning them from eating meat and drinking milk. “It's a good idea to throw the milk on the ground because the people don't want to drink milk anymore,” said Bah Ardent at a meeting held in Umsning.
According to the findings of the union, the total amount released for the meals of the students is T.13.59 crore.
Shillong: About 13,000 foreign workers who came to work in the state have already returned to their home states, said Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
United SC have qualified for the final round after being top of the Group-B points table, while Shillong Lajong have qualified as the best second-placed club among the four. three groups.
Nongpoh, July 04: The job of leadership is a difficult job. We need leaders who are strong, wise, intelligent, intelligent, understand the suffering of the people, farsighted. to enact various laws and policies that are willing to speak and advocate in the Legislative Assembly on various issues for the benefit of the people .
This is not a coincidence, but it is part of God's purpose from behind.
After being dismissed, he threatened to kill Ma Bing Dkhar and damaged his residence, which is a dewbilat house.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, said that today the report has been sought from the Education Department of the State Government so that they can consider and take a decision on the reopening of the schools. schools and all schools in the state.
These owners or managers of quarries and quarries include Mati Nongrum, Martina Tariang, Concord LT, Jyoti Agarwal of Killing village, Shyamlal, Rajesh Agarwal, Giri Mohanta, Dinesh Sharma and Anchu Agarwal. Tanmay Bordoloi and Anu Basumatri of Umtyrnga Chibra, Halodor Dolloi, Pappu Agarwal (Dinesh Agarwal) of Barapathar and Niraj Agarwala of Maikhuli.
Shillong, July 18: U MLA of Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie on Tuesday visited St. Mark School (CNI) in Mawsiatkhnam in the presence of Rev. Deacon P.Jyrwa. , believers, teachers and others.
The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh on 30th November 2022 on Tuesday launched the Football Tournament organized by the Mawkarah Sports Social & Cultural Club at Madan Shnong Mawkarah. with the witness of the Football fans.
“During the outbreak of the pandemic, the world understood the importance of the words of the Buddha who gave the message of love for fellow human beings and to avoid bloodshed,” he said.
Nongpoh: Four Block Congress Committees in Ri Bhoi District, including Umroi, Jirang, Umsning, Mawhati and Nongpoh under the umbrella of the RBDCC together with the Association of Auto Drivers in Nongpoh. The Nongpoh Regional Auto Owners and Drivers Association (NRAODA) today held a rally in Nongpoh to protest against the increase in the price of petrol, diesel and other petrol. consumer goods.
Shillong: Umpling SC beat Lamlynti 1-1 in the 3rd Division match on Saturday.
Why this discrimination from the education department, why this special treatment to one person.
However, he said, “If the government calls for talks on ILP, we will go and talks”.
They do not speak to the true history and foundation of the UCC, which is itself about individual rights in society and economy.
“If the government itself wants to do it, it creates ways and means, how can it not?
“At present, although there has been a decrease in the number of deaths and cases in the state, we cannot accept that the state has become safe in terms of the disease,” he said.
Among the Nongkhriam priests in the Labang-Nongphyllut area, it is said that without the Jainspong (Spainklieh) it is impossible to find a way and a pawshin in their priesthood.
It may be recalled that in 2013, on the day of the suit ka shor ka knia ka khriam, former Governor of Meghalaya RS Mooshahary was the chief guest. East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Mylliem MLA, and other government officials were invited. More than 10,000 youths and members of the Seng Khasi attended the ceremony which was held at Baniun today.
He said that they have already sent a letter regarding this promotion to the DHS office and a copy has been given to the MLA. Lamare said that MLA Bah PT Sawkmie has already spoken about this. The promotion from PHC to CHC is not within the Assembly.
Shillong: The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) in collaboration with the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, Government of Meghalaya has conducted a one-day sensitization program with members of the Press Fraternity on Covid-1 The meeting will be held on the 15th November 2021 at Anton Hall, Laitumkhrah.
According to the meeting chaired by the Prime Minister, the number of MDCs in Garo Hills and Khasi Hills will be increased from 29 to 35 elected by the people and 5 MDCs will be appointed by the government.
The police came and did their job.
About 9,000 Britons have died in hospitals after being treated for other illnesses.
The illegal mining and trade of coal has been observed to be one of the incidents that happen from time to time, such as the collapse of the coal mine and the movement of coal trucks around the area.
Thousands of people from different parts of the country attended the ceremony. Bah Jason S. Mawlong, MLA Umsning and Bah Donkupar Sumer, former MDC Umsning constituency, attended the ceremony. announced that they have joined the National People's Party (NPP).
Violators of these laws will be given training not to break the law again.
The churches have lodged a complaint against the Meghalaya Compulsory Marriage Act 2012 on the grounds that it violates the Indian Christian Marriage Act
Shillong, Nailar, 13 : Police in Garo Hills District on Saturday morning seized a large quantity of ammunition and bullets belonging to the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) from Pilgonggre forest in Williamnagar. Police Station.
“I promise to the people of Tura that from now on we will continue to work for the future of our people and the people of Tura have elected me not only as an MLA but as the Chief Minister of Meghalaya. ".
However, they have received a reply that the child has been raped, police said.
“Let me go and see you again...” said Bah Let.
Never compare your husband to your one time sex mate in bedroom, or an Ex-lover.
(ii) Responsibility does not have any feeling of selfishness, selfishness and humility to provide and fulfill the duties of each and every one who has taken over their duties to fulfill and fulfill.
The Air Fest of the Army will continue tomorrow morning and the purpose of the Air Fest is to encourage the youth of the area to join this honorable service. to protect the Ri.
“Tarun Vijay (BJP MP) has helped to monitor the work of the Seng Khasi because he is in Delhi and we find it difficult to leave from time to time due to the distance,” said Bah Blah.
Major changes include: · Companies will be allowed to directly list securities outside foreign jurisdictions; Private companies listed on the NCDs on stock exchanges will not be allowed to list. to be included as companies already listed.
On the National Education Policy which has started to be implemented in the state and at the North Eastern Hills University, Rakkam said the main objective of the NEP is to transform India into a global knowledge centre.
We vote for ourselves.
According to a statement by CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, MeECL issued an announcement for the recruitment of Jugali on 15th July 2011 and the interview was conducted in April and November 2012 and the result has not been released yet.
According to a statement issued by the Khasi Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association, the price of meat will be increased from T.180 to T.200 per kilo. The price of clean meat will be increased from T.200 to T.220 per kilo per kilo.
Shillong, March 3: The All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers Association (APMSTA) on Tuesday said that the government will provide tablets to Class X students. AMPSTA expects that such assistance from the Government will help to ease the burden of parents and at the same time help to improve education. books in the state.
The Additional Commissioner of Police, Dimapur, Relo T Aye, said that 40 policemen of Dimapur, raided these nightclubs and managed to release 17 of these women and arrested them. six others were involved in the case.
I feel sorry for those who say we shouldn’t be in churches.
The plaintiff in the case against the illegal coal mining factories on Tuesday told the Meghalaya High Court that there are many such factories, especially in West Khasi Hills, which have been operating without any -any license or permit.
According to a source from Nongstoin Police Station, the incident happened on Tuesday night at 7:00 PM at Mawlasaw of Synnia village. which is still within the boundary of Rambrai West Khasi Hills District.
In Shella constituency, Dr. Jemino received 6407 votes while Ma Vincent received 9752 votes.
The district authorities of West Khasi Hills on Saturday destroyed an illegal coal factory.
After inspecting the documents from some of the factories today and when it was found that these factories cannot provide the documents, the FKJGP leaders, have suspended the owners. Factories, that they should stop working and will not be able to open until they can provide the necessary documents.
“If the VPP comes to power, it will strengthen the government's budget, the VPP will help to bear the burden of the people, whether it is in illness or not. It is difficult to learn, to increase the price of food and drink, to live in peace and happiness.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has said that phase 4 will start from 18 May 2020 and the end date has not been announced.
This is according to a statement issued by Bah SD Khongwir Rangbah Shnong Mawlai Nonglum.
Shillong, Naiwieng 15: There has been no doctor at the PHC in Khrang (Khatarshnong)-Sohra constituency for eight months now. General Secretary Pyntngenlang Khongsit and members of the PHC on the 13th of this month met with the Director of Health Services, Shillong to discuss the non-appointment of Lab Technician at the PHC which has been opened since 2013.
Molamanoh SC, Golden Lion FC, Wahiajer Narpuh SSC and Dkhiah East SC won the Under-16 Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) on Monday.
“Japan is a tough team in this tournament, but we managed to win.
We will not write to the district administration as planned earlier because it would be better for them to reconcile between the two groups,” said Bah Shylla.
It is worth mentioning that during the rally of HANM and JNC from 10:30 pm onwards, it was seen that the police had already arrived at Malki Point and had prepared water cannons and lyer pynsatkhmat. They blocked the road to the Barik Point, and it was seen that the police also blocked the road from the Addl.Secretariat to the Main Secretariat.
He made this announcement at the SHG MELA and Health Camp at Mot Tirot held at Mission Village, Mairang.
The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) on Tuesday demanded that the Government should provide guns and bullets to the people in the border areas to protect their land and livelihood if the Government does not to send hundreds of policemen to these places.
When the Khasi family was headed by the Khyllah tribe, all the customs and traditions of that family had died.
Without fail they will fall into hell.
Nongpoh: Border officials from Meghalaya and Assam, on Saturday morning, visited the border villages of Pillangkata and Maikhuli area, but on Saturday morning, the residents of the village, protested. They said that Assam has taken over even the areas which are still under the jurisdiction of Meghalaya.
The party leaders expressed their delight after the joining of Bah Gilbert G. Laloo who is one of the prominent figures who has contributed a lot to the society in this area and who has fought for many years. The MDC election for the year 2019 from Mylliem Constituency.
This is a sign of the terrible sin that the children of today are living in. Such children will have at home is a burden on the parents.
The order also stipulates that shops that should be open daily include grocery stores, block making plants, in areas outside Shillong, dewbilat factories, grocery shops. and also to all veterinary clinics and shops near Shillong.
From the era of the Royal Salute to the Lamborghini and the reminder is the time of Bah Bindo about Professor GG Swell's strong statement against the Ministers of Meghalaya who drink expensive Royal Salute.
Nongpoh: Four coal trucks (ML-10-C 1284, ML) have been seized from Umsning in Ri-Bhoi District. -10-C 2484, AS-01-EC 0865 bad AS-01-FC 4665.
"The deceased include Morning Pohleng, 40, and Lila Paul from Cachar Hills and Hiramon Thakur, 68, from Golaghat," Himanta said on Twitter. .
Other silver medalists included Rachelstar Dkhar in the strawweight category and Gregory Sawian in the 52 kg strawweight category.
Metbah said the purpose of the inspection was to see and evaluate the progress of the works.
Speeches were also given by the Rangbah Kur to take care of the welfare of the parakur salonsar and not to be involved in the Kur and political or religious activities.
He was also treated at Apollo Chennai for several months.
We have to say the incident because you have shown your ability in many areas and according to your power you have convinced us that the conflict in Manipur will end only if you do that.
Noting that the court looks after the rights of the people, he said that the people should not turn to the court where they will be punished, it is the duty of the court to provide justice, but the duty a great deal of the court is to protect people’s rights, he said.
The President of MGNSA, Kong T.Shabong, said that the protest is to demand from the Government to fill up the 468 vacant posts from the rank of DDN to ANM and to set up a Nursing Cell. Nursing Directorate as directed by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, New Delhi since
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Friday conducted raids at 11 places in Kashmir in connection with collaboration with the Jamaat-e-Islami militant group and involvement in in the allocation of funds to intensify the activities.
Former KSU President Daniel Khyriem said that if the offices of AMD and UCIL intend to forcibly mine uranium from the state, the KSU will forcefully attack the office and will The office has been dismissed and closed down.
Not only that, there are many, who have been slapped and threatened, just for wearing t shirts.
He said that as a pilot project, nine villages in Shillong including Nongrim Hills, Pohkseh, Nongrah, Nongmensong, Lapalang, Riat Laban and Wahdienglieng have been selected for the first phase.
According to the video, the DC's security guard allegedly beat the driver of a vehicle until he bled.
Search teams recovered nine more bodies on the same day, bringing the total number of bodies recovered from the forest to
The club are looking forward to their first victory in 43 years after reaching the Europa Conference League final against Fiorentina in Prague on July
“India accounts for nearly 17% of the world’s population and through having the fifth largest economy, has taken steps to reduce waste from GDP by 45% by and achieve Net Zero by
“The CEC of the party is at the top and the decision taken is final, which holds all the members from the highest to the lowest,” said Dr Mawthoh. .
In addition, whoever awards any contract work to the department of any Minister, shall also receive a share from the contractor(s).
They have been with the NPP-led government to address any shortcomings of the people and to answer them.
About 300 vehicles have collapsed in a parking lot in Bengaluru, possibly caused by a cigarette that was spread in a nearby park.
The State Government will be able to spend T.27,072 crore, 2 lakh, 98 thousand for most of the expenditure required throughout the fiscal year ending 31st October. 2025.
Sanbor said he and AL Hek will meet with the MDA and later with other BJP leaders from Meghalaya on the same issue.
Speaking at the meeting, Deka praised the 100% pass rate of the students of the school, which has been a pride for the school as a whole and urged the students to work hard. “It's not like we're going to be able to achieve our goals in life,” he said, “but they should also be determined to be able to achieve their goals in life.” get a Top 20 reputation, he said.
UDP Party leaders including Nongpoh MDC, Bah Balajied Rani, u UDP Ri Bhoi Vice President Michael Kharhunai, UDP Ri Bhoi Secretary Jeffrey Khymdeit and other leaders visited the orphanage to hand over the food items. to the authorities of the shelter.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has congratulated the country's athletes for their performance at the recently concluded Asian Games in Hangzhou, China.
He therefore went to Saudi Arabia to fulfill his purpose and commitment as part of a contract with the country's tourism industry.
“We want to prevent these incidents and that is why we have issued this order and when it gets colder we will see,” she said.
“We pay special tribute to the founders of this school and honor them by following in their footsteps,” she said.
In a statement, the JAC through Bah Hercules Mutyen Secretary said that on the same day of the seizure of the office equipment, the JAC leaders tried to find out the reason for the seizure. The BDO of Wapungskur, who has been in charge of the block for 10 years, has tried to phone the BDO of Wapungskur, but he has not answered the phone. I sent you a message via whatsapp but he didn't reply.
Zothanzuala (23) and Joseph Lalthankhuma (21) were the only players to score but Mizoram scored only 88 runs in 39 overs, which allowed Sikkim to score 88 runs in 39 overs. won by 48 runs.
She said that according to the Constitution of the Hima, when the Hima arrests stolen trees, they immediately inform the KHADC authorities, and the District Council will come to take action. That the KHADC authorities have not done anything against these stolen trees seized by the Hima and left them alone.
However, it is also claimed to help with the ability to concentrate and become smarter.
The source said that there is a high risk of rescue in the area due to the weather conditions. The weather forecast has warned that heavy rainfall may fall within the next two or three days but the army has decided that before the rainfall arrives, they will be able to complete the work. .
So far, 34 people have recovered from the disease in Assam, with a recovery rate of 75.56 percent, higher than the national average.
These farmers will try to cultivate this rice and will distribute it in the coming harvest season to be able to cultivate khambun in this area.
The opposition leader said that this issue requires the cooperation of all to fight against it and political sentiment should be put aside.
New Delhi, November 8: Indian media have deemed the recent elections in five states as the semi final ahead of the World Cup to be held in June The Congress has lost in four states where the elections have been held, while the party has lost in Delhi, where no one has been able to rule alone. The Aam Admi Party (AAP) has won 28 MLAs, while the BJP has won 31 MLAs. , while the Congress, which is currently in power, has won only eight seats out of a total of 70 members in the Assembly, where even the Chief Minister of the small state, who holds the AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal was defeated by 25,864 votes for the post of Chief Minister.
Today, there are also foreign shops which have not opened their shops because they knew about this, so the union and the village authority together with the VDPs, have closed another lock on such shops. they shall not flee at the time of their journey.
Finally, the JAC leaders urged the members and various associations under the banner of the Union not to be quiet or to speak harshly to the drivers of these buses. , because the union is against it in the right way and in the right way.
I would like to express my sincere gratitude to the Christian Churches who are indeed the greatest contributors to the writing of history and who have brought together the Jaitbynriew from all the Kyndong Kynshrot through one Khasi written language.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Ricky Sohlang said that if the PWD department cannot do anything especially to repair the road, the people of the area will be able to do something. Those who have faced many problems have been forced to close down the traffic of heavy vehicles on this road.
Finally, the Association requests the authorities to take action on this issue because if these killers survive, what will it lead to the country and the nation?
The ability to treat such diseases at NEIGRIHMS will also allow others with such diseases to come for treatment at this hospital if they need it.
“When asked whether the unity between the Seng Riewlum has ended, Bah Banteidor said, “We are still united and we have the same goal for us to work and save the Seng Riewlum.
A minister of the MDA government has now built a paki-dulan house in this village and the sad thing is that the house faces one of the poorest villages in Malki – Wahkdait.
Recently, Bah Hek did not say how many cows have been affected by LSD in the state, but he said that there is no count of how many cows have been affected by LSD. sickness and death from this disease.
“Kongthei, yesterday Bah was serious...” Lanosha said, “Yes, he turned to Pha and looked at me.
Mawkyrwat, 'Nailar, 14: A youth has found two old swords from a place in Mawpud, South West Khasi Hills. District.
However, the question is whether these laws will ban foreigners only in Assam, Arunachal Pradesh, Nagaland, Mizoram and Manipur, while they will be free in Tripura, Meghalaya and Sikkim. Therefore, it is necessary for the leaders of the State to understand what will happen next if the 1951 Act comes into force and then the ILP comes into force. There is no NRC Act, which has already excluded tens of thousands of illegal immigrants.
The AITC has won only four MLAs in the 60-member Assembly, four from Garo Hills and one from Khasi Hills.
A total of 109 teams from 27 states and Union Territories will participate in the tournament in three categories.
For example, neighboring countries like Tibet, Nagaland have declared themselves as independent countries but have not yet become independent. Even the Jews before 1948 were stateless until They have received recognition from other countries of the world, but the truth is that if you don't get recognition, no one will respect you.
The JSU invites all the market dwellers and the public to attend this public meeting in front of the DC office so that the meeting will go smoothly.
“In Meghalaya too, the TMC has come to strengthen the BJP. The people have to be vigilant,” said Sonia Gandhi's son. .
The opposition MDCs Banteidor Lyngdoh, Albinus Lyngdoh, Jansing Tynsong and Antonio War have suggested to the EC that the election of Syiem Malaisohmat is not a decision to be taken too quickly. but it shall not be according to the customs.
At this meeting, the party has brought forward several demands.
The Subsidiary Alliance System has brought about many evils and problems in the governance of the country.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) through the Education Cell of West Jaintia Hills District would like to extend its special congratulations and best wishes to all the students of the Jaidbynriew who have written the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
At the same time, he said that the Ri Bhoi Police have registered another case in connection with the raising of the HNLC flag on the National Highway in Ri Bhoi district in April .
Compartmental Candidates who have failed from affiliated schools and non-affiliated schools should score only 80 marks as 20 marks is the internal mark. assessment from schools that did not attend last year.
Do not use tools that do not clean the teeth or rely only on your doctor if you need any treatment for the teeth whether it is cleaning or scaling.
This shop is located at Woodland Medical Centre, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
The names of the suspects have not been released yet, as the investigation into them is ongoing and police are conducting further investigation to track down others involved in the incident. collecting money from the shops.
At the meeting, the metor drivers expressed their concern that the bill is too high and they receive only T.3200 per month. On this occasion, Valjibhai said that the government should pay them accordingly. the Minimum Wages of the Labor Act and their salaries should also be gradually increased.
Through the letter, the Waheh Shnongs also said that most of these Bangladeshis used to rob in the evening and fled back to Bangladesh after the robbery.
Lajong had difficulty turning the tide while Langsning had many chances and the third goal came in the 76th minute through Kynsai Lhuid.
The theme is 'The plight of the people living on the Pakistani border.
At the meeting, Dr Mukul Sangma addressed students, entrepreneurs, singers and athletes in various sports.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Commercial Vehicle Owners and Drivers Association (AVA) has been formed.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) has announced that seven out of 12 MLAs of the party have applied for the ticket. NPP to contest MLA elections
At a meeting held on October 15, 2023 at Thangsning to congratulate the office bearers and supporters for the victory in the MLA election on October 2, 2023, Bah Banteidor said that the constituency is still Many works are needed to improve the growth of the country.
Khliehriat, Nailar, 25: Police of East Jaintia Hills District, on Thursday registered a case against several persons involved in threatening the police while they were beating up a crowd who disrupted a public meeting. It was held on Friday at Thangksai.
Shillong, June 26: Karate players have won 18 medals at the 3rd Leongthang Shotokan Karate Championship 2022 held at Deshbhakta. Tarum Ram Phookan Indoor Stadium, Guwahati from 23rd to 24th June
“It is very sad for us as employees of this District Council because for 10 months we have not received our salary at all and it has put us in a difficult situation to support ourselves,” he said. said Mr. Johnson.
Therefore, it is time for the intellectuals and intellectuals to wake up the youth to surprise the people so that as the youth of the state they too can continue to grow from time to time and when they grow progress in all aspects of life, we have peace and we can protect our nation.
On the issue of fatherhood, he said he had nothing to say on this.
For more information please call (M)
He also issued a No Objection Certificate to a foreigner identified as Depok Buruah to apply for the Deed Declaration at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District.
St. Anthony's College Shillong, on 29th November, has issued an order directing all students to wear college uniforms when coming to classes from this year.
“Currently, there are about 1.5 billion people in India who have been diagnosed with goitre.
The coach of the MLPFT team, Bah Kyrsoi Mawphniang, said that they will leave the state with the hope of winning the tournament.
 Jesus, on the other hand, has a heart full of love (Mt.11:29).
Don't be afraid to lead the shopkeeper.
On the allegation that 10 people have been abducted from Jaiaw, Vivek said it is not true as no one has been abducted except these people who have been confirmed involved in the shooting. these are the two young men.
This also doesn’t convince me personally.
“It was at this meeting that we decided that within 15 days, the governments of the two states will be ready to set up Regional Committees, which will be headed by the Cabinet Ministers of both the states. He said that there will also be members of the Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) who will join the regional committee of the Assam government.
“This is not only a program but also a real effort to raise awareness among the people about the need for cleanliness,” he said while inaugurating Clean India
Besides the death of these youths, it is learned that other people who were riding in a bus from Assam, were also injured in the accident, due to the overturning of the dumper. I'm going to bus.
Daniel Lyngdoh Wahlang from Mawlai has won the first title in the Jaintia Tourism and Environment Society (JTES) Marathon held on Saturday.
Teinwel said that as MDCs of the UDP, they have tried to work and raise the prestige of the ARPA but the way the CEM works is that they have decided not to charge tax on goods under 50 kilos. The CEM alone took the decision to increase the weight to 35 kilos.
Jowai, November 06: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) War Jaintia Hills District together with the HNYF Southern Riwar Circle on Tuesday visited Rongkum Amlympiang Village to discuss the issue. Immediately suspend the construction of Border Fencing in these areas.
Therefore, the students have requested the MBOSE to provide special assistance in this social science.
It has increased by 117% from the 2014-15 revenue under the UPA rule, as the present government has done,” she said.
Police have arrested another woman, Monalisa Shangpliang,
The funeral service will be held on 08/9/22 at 10:00 pm at the Seiñraij Raliang.
The reports of the postponement of the meeting came after a split within the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), following Ajit Pawar's opposition to the party and joining the Shinde government. and BJP in Maharashtra.
All the seven candidates had two opportunities to explain their principles and objectives at the public hearing.
“We are confident that the people and supporters of the HSPDP, who have been standing firm to support the party since its inception, will think carefully about these issues,” said the statement.
“When they demand, they have to explain so that the Committee can explain to the government and we don't know what the government will take a decision on this but when you ask for it, Such a meeting should have a basis to explain why they want it and their basis should be in accordance with the law, the truth, the Constitution, which is part of running the government but I don't know what you want.
The population of the area is about 50,0
In the second match between the Slog Warriors and The Occult.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla has distributed agri-tools and farm machinery to 12 IVCSs of Thadlaskeiñ and Amlarem Block at a meeting held here today. and District Project Management Unit, Tyrshi Inn, Khliehtyrshi.
Of the four candidates nominated by the UDP from Garo Hills, not a single candidate is without security.
“It’s up to people to understand that money is for one day and hard work and programs will last a lifetime.
Shillong, Lber 29 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today announced that the State will not be able to avoid the power outages due to the shortage of electricity but promised that the Government will try to Reduce the time of extinguishing for the safety and security of the public.
Shillong, July 3: Air Marshal RK Jolly, who received the Vayu Sena Virtual Service Medal (ADC) on 1st July, has been appointed as the new Air Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Eastern Air Command, IAF. He was honored by the IAF at the Head Quarter of the EAC on the same day.
“In 1998, I saw up to five Governments in just five years.
At the same time, he urged all the Rangbah Shnongs in War Jaintia to think carefully regarding foreigners and not to prove that they are the owners of the village. a threat to future generations.
There are those who want former Prime Minister SC Marak, who has been in office for three years, to take over but there are also those who want to bring back Bah DD Lapang.
As this Seng has been able to stand firm and reach the age of 50 years, he wishes that through this Jubilee we celebrate the members will become stronger to fight and look to the goal by following. to the footsteps of Don Bosco.
Sinha recalled the contribution of former President Dr APJ Kalam to the North East.
This is the second time that the WJBA has held such a tournament in public places to encourage the youth to turn to iakura.
On the other hand, BJP Spokesperson Bah M Kharkhrang, spoke on various schemes implemented by the Central Government, and said that the Central Government has introduced the Nasha Mukt Abhiyan program to fight against corruption. drugs which have affected the youth of the North East and the country as a whole.
The meeting witnessed the participation of 238 students who received offers from 63 recruitment teams in various fields including Consulting & Strategy, Finance, General Management, Human. Resources & Operations, IT & Analytics, and Sales & Marketing.
When asked, he replied that on the day the Governor ordered the dorbar, the KHDA MDCs had brought a no confidence motion against him to express their no confidence in him. NPP MDC Pyniaid Singh Syiem was also present.
The two organizations said that these trucks were coming from Pynursla area and passing through the Dawki Bridge to unload stone to Bangladesh.
Rgh Bewill Sylla, President of Seiñ Raij Tuber, spoke on the topic.
According to Dr. Buam, while he was on his way, the BSF tried to question him as if he was a Bangladeshi. At that time, he asked the BSF why they didn't arrest the Bangladeshis. who come from time to time to India and to the cows on the border.
The SP urged anyone who has any information about other GNLA-R members to report to the nearest police station.
According to the order, the DC said that the order will come into force immediately and will last for two months or can be extended for the sake of protecting the environment and the health of the people.
“On the part of the Central Government as well as the State Government and the HNLC to enter and leave and even to stay in the country, some of the top leaders of the party so that they can move forward. I'm talking about peace,” he said.
The members of the union also raised a question about the staff of the Annual Maintenance for the sub stations, because according to the information of the union, all the sub stations are maintained by the department, but The Minister has informed the union leaders that this will be looked into and ensured that the employees in this department will be able to You don't lose your job if you don't go to the company.
“I urge the true leaders of the state please don't use unfounded words and speak like children because there is no basis at all for the allegation of money laundering from the border demarcation and demarcation of the territory. Subway.
The Championship will start from the 25th of November, 2023 to the 1st of November, and is expected to feature athletes from 27 or 28 States and Union Territories. participate in this tournament which will be held in Shillong.
(Dr.) BD Mishra (Retd.) paid tribute to the Hill State activists who made a great contribution to the independence of Meghalaya 51 years ago, on the 21st, July, 1972.
Shillong: The Dongrum Phlangwanbroi Association in collaboration with the Nehru Yuva Kendra Sangathan, Shillong has organized a training on the topic of Combating Covid-19 Mask Awakening and Action Campaign on 1st November 2021 at Malai Sohmat Upper Primary School, Shillong. Phlangwanbroi as a sign of the fight against Covid-19 and to revive the wearing of masks and other guidelines issued by the Health Department.
Shillong: Former Congress leader Bah DD Lapang has said that he does not feel sorry for his resignation from the Congress party.
" Deisy said.
After the explanation, hundreds of supporters of the HSPDP, UDP, NPP and Congress from different villages of Kynrud area came to join the VPP. Shillong, Nailur 6 : U Myntri The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma on Tuesday said that it would be a great pleasure if other BJP leaders from Prime Minister Narendra Modi, Home Minister Amit Shah and other leaders from Delhi to Meghalaya also came to join the NPP.
Furthermore, the students said that the pollution of the toilets is one of the biggest problems and they said that the water supply in the classrooms, the lack of cleaners in the rooms. classes is every day they have to know how to clean the benches and the classroom.
The meeting was attended by Assam Minister Pijush Hazarika, Ashok Singhal, Bimal Bora, Atul Bora, MP Pradan Baruah, MLA Taranga Gogoi, Balin Chetia, Chownae Mein, Deputy Chief Minister and others. Arunachal Pradesh Cabinet.
After leaving the Minister's room, Bah Kharjana said that the Minister has promised to implement their demands including 3 percent share in the employment of them, to provide housing for the poor. (Indira Awaas Yojana), to provide them with ration and also other demands that they have expressed to it.
Rayonald Kharkamni won the post of Vice President and Dhubajyoti Thakuria won the post of Treasurer.
"At the moment, a full investigation has not yet begun," he added.
The attitude of the people in this state is to expect those “seng bhalang” to carry this responsibility to fight corruption.
If you wish to speak other languages ​​such as Hindi, Khasi or Garo, you must first write in English what you speak in Hindi, Khasi or Garo.
Earlier, the ANVC had demanded that the government should set up the Garoland Autonomous Council (GAC) but the government had refused saying that instead of setting up the GAC, it would be better. The Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC) has been established.
Finally, the MFA warns that from now on, the public will no longer be allowed to use tynsong, khwai rop-way, to throw musari, throw jar, etc. in these rivers after 10 pm and if such people are found, they shall be arrested and punished.
This left the two teams tied 1-1 at the end of the first half.
Under the leadership and supervision of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA), 11 arm wrestlers from the state will represent India at the World Championships, which will start in from 24th of this month to 3rd of November in Kazakhstan.
Furthermore, the report said that it was also the end of the career of women's star PV Sindhu.
This will violate your rights.
But thanks be to the Son of God who came to carry and leave to deliver from the stoning.
Through the implementation of the DRIP, it will help to extend the life of the Dam,” said Prestone.
He said the first list of candidates will be released before Christmas.
He said that the government has fought as hard as it can to remove these problems in the electricity department, but it needs the support of the people of the state.
Therefore, it was announced in the budget that the PM Program for Restoration, Awareness Generation, Nourishment and Amelioration of Mother – Earth (PMPRANAM) will be launched to benefit the States/Union Territories to develop other fertilizers and the use of responsible fertilizers.
It is on this basis that the party can reach everyone, every voter, everyone in the society.
The Hima Mawphlang is made up of 12 kurs and out of these there are three kurs who can elect the Lyngdoh, they are the Lyngdoh Mawphlang, the Blah, the Kharshiing, the Kharhunai and the Lyngdoh. These are the Kharsohlia tribes who have the right to elect the Lyngdoh.
They establish the household in the woman, they establish the religion in the woman and they establish the raid and the kingdom in the woman” (Ka Niam Khasi 1937, p. 191, by Homiwell Lyngdoh).
The purpose of the raid is to prevent the smuggling of cattle to Bangladesh.
Shillong, June 23: The Electoral Registration Officer, Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Sohra has announced that a hearing will be held for those who wish to register to vote at 26-Shella and 28-Shella. -Sohra Constituency.
Therefore, the syrpaep is the pai and the katni, but the Kiang is not able to do it.
Video and editing by Donbok Marngar.
In terms of fish farming, the state has increased its fish production from 4,799 MT in 2011-12 to 18,235 MT in 2021-2
This is what Chon knows and thinks. This longbru manbru is syndong, antad.
She also announced that the AAP will not rest even if it loses the elections but will fight for the people to get their rights.
God has given us beautiful mountains, lush green pastures, sweet rivers, fresh springs, lush forests, beautiful flowers, and fragrant fruit. .
The incident occurred when the two wheelers collided with the truck, which caused the driver of the two wheelers to enter the truck and was thrown from the ground. you are clean.
Here in India, the Assamese consume more rice than any other Indian.
U Bah RR Kharbuli said that these days it is not the time to talk about the issues and working methods of the party, but the holding of this meeting is only the beginning to strengthen the party. and to explain to the public how to elect an MP in the upcoming elections.
The conclave included a presentation of the award winning projects implemented by the cities under the Smart Cities Mission which was attended by 2000 people.
Malngiang said the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has promised to take action by talking to the Chief of Army Staff of the Eastern Air Command to give permission to the government to conduct the and the pipes were cut off from the army.
Why don't you become president, you want to become a politician.
The kidnapping is believed to have been carried out by ASAK militants, a group involved in many kidnappings in the district.
