In terms of urban water supply, the implementation of the Greater Shillong Water Supply Project (Phase III) implemented under the JNNURM, now known as the Atal Mission for Rejuvenation and Urban Transformation ( AMRUT), Greater Ampati Water Supply Scheme and Nongstoin Urban Water Supply Scheme under the State Plan.
“Due to the increase in the number of cases of Covid 19 in some countries, the situation has been closely monitored together with government officials, as the pandemic is not over yet.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that there is a protest within the Congress party to replace the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma. MPCC President DD Lapang is expected to return from his meeting with AICC President Sonia Gandhi.
This medicine is diluted in water and applied near the roots of these diseased trees.
Speaking to Rupang on Tuesday, Bah Syiem said that this year, there will be a political drama in which many leaders will have to consider and take a decision according to the changing times and the desire of the people.
The NPP-led MDA government includes the UDP, PDF, HSPSP, BJP, NCP and independent MLAs.
In the third match, Saiwotkibor Suwer scored the goals for Iongpiah 2-0 in the 18th minute and Kynsai Manner in the 38th minute.
Meghalaya is located in Zone 5, or the earthquake zone. Meghalaya has experienced many small and large earthquakes, one of which we all remember is the Great Earthquake in In 1897, when more than 1,500 people died at that time, the earthquakes that could have occurred in zone 5 were up to 9 Richter scale.
Shillong: The football final of the UUP Football Club has been postponed due to weather conditions.
Earlier, after handing over the award, the Chairman of the FSS, Bah Aldous Mawlong, said that they hope that this young woman will reach the title of Femina Miss India.
KSU Mawlai Circle, KSU Umrynjah Unit and KSU Umrynjah Unit have visited Umjynjah Village in Mawlai Constituency to provide assistance to children from low income families. .
“However, there are departments which invite applications at the district level which allocate 40% for Khasi-Jaintia and 40% for Garo which is against the Reservation Policy, and the Chief Secretary has approved. “If there is a shortcoming on the part of the department, he has promised to resolve the issue,” said Bah Robert.
Therefore, there is no prohibition in this Act to appoint retired persons in the Inquiry Wing and Prosecution Wing of the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Shillong, Nailur 3: Three low income families, Tulin Kharbuki, Philinda Kharbuki and Nanashisha Kharbudnah have received adequate houses. through the Pradhan Mantri Awaas Yojana-Gramin scheme at Kynton Mynnar Village, East Khasi Hills District.
It was also decided to close the dam at Block-II, Golflink, Khliehshnong, Shillong, Maxwelton Estate, starting from Harrison Bridge on the right, leading to Rilbong, to Meghna Road Building opposite Arts and Culture. Building, then turn right on Captain Clifford Road to JN Bawri House.
The nation is for the sake of the nation, not just for five years, so we should think carefully for the future of the nation and not for ourselves.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah D.Rapsang urged and encouraged the youth to be ready to become volunteers in the villages and in any area where the society and the country needs.
With regard to the parts of Borduar and Nongwah Mawtamur Hima which are still in the process of demarcation, the government should not just do anything wrong and should investigate thoroughly through the documents from the raids and himas as well. Even the Sordar Shnongs and Village Leaders and the Khasi people in these border areas want to be in Meghalaya and have the necessary documents to prove that they belong to Meghalaya, they said. .
Fatal electric shock, which can cause death within 10 seconds depending on the voltage or current.
The incident happened at a parking lot on Keating Road.
He said that a lot of fines have been received from the people who throw garbage in these days around the Municipal areas.
R. Muksor, Assistant Director, Information and Public Relation Office, West Jaintia Hills District, will be the chief guest tomorrow.
Mawkyrwat, June 29: The demand of various groups together with the residents of Mawsynram area to upgrade the Mawsynram Community & Rural Development Block to Mawsynram Civil Sub Division has become increasingly loud. Public awareness meetings have also been held in many places.
In June 1992, he was appointed to oversee and assist the Prime Minister in the Ministry of Labour.
However, in the second half, Madankynsaw Mowkyndeng SC scored the first goal through Ïowmaiki Lamare in the 47th minute. Cherishson Tyngkan scored the third goal in the 80+3 minutes.
She also demanded that the government should ensure the rights of the workers within this month.
He said the rejection of the vote from the NPP and BJP camps shows that there is a lack of confidence in the election of leaders from the party.
“We have urged the Prime Minister to do this as soon as possible to release the share of the Council,” said CEM Bah Nongrum in a letter to the Prime Minister on Friday.
On the threat to the life of Bah Gabriel, the President of the VPP said that there is a court to look into and as it has looked into many cases during the MDA rule, he believes that Bah Gabriel too will receive a fair trial.
“We don't want to see that our fellow citizens in RiHynniewtrep become ritpaid like other fellow citizens here in Barak Valley Assam and in Assam as a whole who have been invaded by the Bengalis. “The Election Commission of India (ECI) has refused to issue EPICs in the state,” said the Publicity Secretary of the party.
The following is a list of Cabinet Ministers and Ministers of State and their positions: CABINET MINISTERS Ministers of State (INDEPENDENT CHARGE) Ministers of State. A Khasi village in Assam has suffered when the Forest Department has come to attack and cut down trees. siej, tympew in their farmland and accused of being border crossers.
The Acting Sordar of Umwai, Stephan Laloo and Lukas (Homer) Sohkhlet have visited Umwai village today. On the part of the Chief Executive Members, the people also expressed their strong opposition to the inspection.
Khliehriat, June 21: Three youths from the same family have died in Shen on the border with Bangladesh in Hingaria, East Jaintia Hills District. This happened on Saturday night while they were sleeping lyngngai in the trep house where they used to stay overnight in the field where they work. and the wind and the rain came down, and the tree came and covered them while they slept.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, he said that in fact there is a target to issue 100 permits for women's vehicles and 100 permits for commercial vehicles outside the city. The RTI showed that there are only 40 and 45 cases, while the remaining 60 cases, he said.
“However, the Director said that no one has complained about the fare set by the board.
The reason is because he doesn't have enough food to feed himself or to feed the little child.
On Sungoh's request to build a road in Khatkhasla and parts of Mojem, Sangma said, “I have spoken to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who has informed me that the detailed project report (DPR) is being prepared.
However, it is sad to say that the Laitkroh Village Authority has agreed to allow the quarrying of stone to private individuals who sell the stone and shyiap to Bangladesh.
Laskein has a population of more than 92,000 residents and includes two constituencies, Mowkaiaw and Raliang.
“If this continues, it will cause a lot of problems and we may face water shortages in the future,” he said, adding that it is on this basis that they have taken the initiative to preserve and have the irrigation facilities in rural areas.
Here in India, 606 cases have been reported and 11 deaths.
Pohti said the government's delay in releasing the salaries has affected the employees of the college and it should release the salaries immediately.
This Bill has been passed by the Labor Department and the Bill does not provide for the registration of all employees without an ID. .
Also present at the meeting was Prestone Tynsong MLA of the constituency, who accompanied the two candidates to the meeting. Speaking to reporters, Conrad K Sangma has rejected the demand of the Sengbhalang to remove the MLAs from the BJP and the MDA coalition government. It is clear that you are against the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
and you don't think that the chidambaram is a thief, think of your son.
Shillong: The Minister of Agriculture, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that since she was a child, she has followed the teachings of her father, late Peter G Marbaniang. to dress.
It is clear that the Management of NEEPCO is not only misleading the Ministry of Power, the Government of India but also the people of Meghalaya.
Similarly, one of the cow farmers said that all the cows that have been infected have recovered in the past two months.
He said that after the NRC and NPR, it will cause problems to the villagers living in the state especially those living in the rural areas, because according to the announcement issued by the NRC, The Ministry of Home Affairs (NRC) will not accept documents such as Epic, Adhar Card or Ration Card, but will accept Birth Certificate or missing documents. in 1951 or before
The 95 kilometer road was signed with the Japanese company JICA in October this year.
Dr WR Kharlukhi is also the President of the NPP in the state.
On the same night, after completing his work inside the office, the driver of Kynjatshai, Bah Pynshai Thongni, had left to drop off the reporter. Deng Deng Phira, who was standing in the middle of the road and blocked the vehicle, also stole the keys from the driver of the office.
Meanwhile, the hospital has called back the mother after a dispute between the Sengbhalang, who took the matter to DHS (MI) Dr Aman Warr, her son died after giving birth.
“There will be another argument.
The Additional Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills, Bah G Warjri, officers of the State Pollution Control Board, factory officials and supporters were present at the meeting.
Nongpoh: Ri Bhoi Police have arrested two suspects in connection with the robbery of the house of Bah Michael Warjri, Secretary Hima Nongspung, which happened on the 7th of June at New Balakhwa village. Five persons have been arrested on charges of robbing and damaging the house of Bah Michael Warjri.
Another species of tobacco, Nicotiana tabacum, which is mostly grown in eastern India, has pink flowers, and the taller leaves are thicker and thicker. stronger than those of the former.
However, the UK dementia research charity said it was not known whether it could work in humans.
Others are; healing the sick, walking the lame, giving sight to the blind, feeding the five thousand, transfiguration, crucifixion and resurrection.
The recruitment was conducted by the Guide Captains, Modistalin Marbaniang and Caredalin Kharbhih.
The bridge, which is about 90 m long, has been under construction since 2007 but the contractor has left the work idle and the PWD department has not done anything even after many reminders to complete the work.
The Minister of State and Leader of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has raised questions on the emergence of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. Reservation Policy.
In the past months, weeks and days we have seen through the newspapers the names of the people who will contest the upcoming MDC and MP elections.
Hek said that after reaching home, he sent for doctors and this morning he sent for doctors from Civil Hospital Shillong to do the TrueNAT test. you have been infected with the Corona Virus.
Shillong: U Minister of PHE, Bah Renikton L Tongkhar, who is also the Chairman of the Regional Committee of West Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday said that the Hima Nonglang has come forward to express its dissatisfaction with the report of the Hima Nonglang. The Regional Committee, which was announced through the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the House, said that the Hima wants the government to rearrange the villages that have been transferred to Assam. in the year
“The handover of this house is due to the efforts of the Vice Chancellor of the University, Bah RG Lyngdoh,” said the Secretary of KJPA. the last few years.
Mawkyrwat, June 07: The Annual School Sports Meet 2022 has been held at the Pyndendiwah Village Ground, Pyndendiwah District. Civil Sub Division (Retired), Bah H. Staline Diengdoh, MCS, was the chief guest.
"Why is this happening? The main reason is the lack of market regulations.
Students of Sohmynting Secondary School on Tuesday received sleeping bags and Personal Hygiene Kits from the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS), West Jaintia Hills through the Distribution of Humanitarian Aid programme. Headmaster of the school, B.Suting, welcomed the speech and explained about the Indian Red Cross by Kong Chwadaka Laloo, Life Member of the school. u Ma Ohiwot Laloo, Secretary IRCS West Jaintia Hills District.
Reliance Pyrngap from Meghalaya has received the National Florence Nightingale Award for 2022 for her 35 years of hard work as an Auxiliary Nurse Midwife (ANM) and Lady Health Visitor (LHV). ).
Furthermore, the organizers announced that Momento Awards and Certificates will be awarded to all the winners in various categories.
“However, when I met the SDO of Kedia G Momin to release the bill because the work has been completed, she demanded an advertisement fee of T 1 lakh on the grounds that she had to spend for the to prepare the bill in its own right.
The JSU did not hold an election for the election of its office bearers and the election of the new office bearers was decided by the CEC of the JSU on 30th March last month.
The MDA-2 government has appealed to the Supreme Court after losing twice in the High Court of Meghalaya in the case against Bah Brighstarwell Marbaniang when he was a teacher of the school. St.Anthony's College and joined the VPP. Later, Bah Bright won as the MLA of Mawlai in the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
They also said that those who have been covered with Thlen in Jaiñphong should burn with fire the part that has been cut or throw it to the Ksew.
Then Panah sat down alone.
In the first semifinal, Bihar beat Haryana 3-1
The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Bataw Unit has built a house for a woman in Bataw village, East Jaintia Hills District.
In June, the State Government Muktiar issued an affidavit that the Government will implement the Act.
The Seng also demanded that the road should be repaired immediately for the benefit of the people especially as the area is a place where tourists flock every day.
The JYF donated tins of sopïing and wood after finding that the roof of the school had collapsed.
He said that during the burning of the synsar, the fire has also destroyed thousands of trees that are still growing.
The passing away of one of the politicians of Meghalaya has spread like wildfire through the media shortly after his death.
He said the group demands that the government should review the border demarcation which they have signed MoU with the Assam government as it is a mistake which will bring back loss to the state.
Rt Rev.Bishop Andrew R Marak led the funeral service for the late Sr.
During Vajpayee's rule, the BJP was still doing well because it was not as strong as it is now.
He said that the people should also understand that even after 51 years of independence, the state has become lyngkrang lut because there is no government responsible for bringing about the independence of the state. and policies for the benefit of the people of the country.
The body was first found by the residents and after that they informed the police in Ri Bhoi, so that they can take all the necessary action.
He said that the land where the bridge is located is the private land of a kur known as Lai Kynthei but has been used for farming by the residents of Mawkyrnot.
Everyone should have Aadhaar and link it to an EPF account to facilitate the deposit of money into the Universal Account Number (UAN).
Christmas is a time of joy, hope and forgiveness among mankind.
The seizure of this large amount of money shows that it is the largest seizure of money to date from any raid by government departments and Most of the money was received from the offices of Boudh Distillery Private Limited in Odisha.
Because the first struggles or the nearest and most terrible enemy that is difficult to overcome are the bad habits of eating and drinking which we have to fight alone.
Mawkyrwat, November 21: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) on Saturday launched a new office in Mawkyrwat. President and H.Marshal Lamsiej as Secretary of HITO.
This village is only 50 KM from Jowai and 25 KM from Amlarem by road to Padu Nongbareh.
According to our information, Bah Shullai has only 8 to 9 months in office.
The decision will be implemented from 1st July and all shops and public will no longer be allowed to use plastic bags.
Bah Dwijen Ronghang was elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Borbhuiñ Village on Saturday at the Dorbar Hall of Borbhuiñ Village. Minister K. Langstieh and also included the Syiem of Raid Marwet, Paiem Ken Syiem and other dignitaries.
Srinivasulu also swore that from now on, he will continue to hold only one side of his position until TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu returns as minister. Governor of the State of Andhra Pradesh.
The meeting was attended by many Kurs, including longkñi, longkmie, young men and women. The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary Central Body, Bah WL Snaitang. He urged the youth, children and all the members of the kur to be wise and not to hide the talents that God has given them. use it properly and do not be selfish when working for the kur.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Chairperson of the AITC does not know much about the former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Shillong, Lber, 01: The Shillong All Faiths Forum (SAFF) on Thursday held a special meeting at the Archbishop's House, Laitumkhrah, Shillong to discuss the allegation that there is a threat by religious leaders from Assam to Religious images and stashus have been destroyed in schools run by Christian churches in the border villages of Meghalaya and Assam in the past few days.
By providing farmers with information on soil and seed conditions, these services provide information so that farmers can make the right decisions, use appropriate tools and improve yields. .
There was a stirring of confusion.
He said that the Waheh Chnongs and Doloi are persons authorized by the District Council and should work according to the rules stipulated in the document.
Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, has expressed his desire to bring closer the government and the people especially those from the rural areas. He said that all citizens of the country should be informed about the schemes, how to apply and it is also the responsibility of the government departments to provide information through the media on the schemes launched by the central government. He said that through this monthly podcast, the public will learn about the benefits of the schemes, they will also learn about the necessary documents ( documents) to be submitted along with the forms, this is also to empower the people to come forward to benefit from the schemes, he said that this podcast will be released to the public through whatsap, facebook and ha websites and through the media each month.
Furthermore, during the inspection by the HNYF, the shopkeepers said that there are sale tax officers who collect Rs 2,000 per month with the promise of issuing licenses to them.
These vehicles are not only private or commercial vehicles, but include everything from police vehicles, vehicles of Government officials especially ambulance vehicles.
In a statement, the Superintendent of Police (City) Shillong, Bah Vivek Syiem, said that police have registered four cases at Rynjah PS under Section 457/380/427/448 IPC. , two at Madanrting under Section 427/380 IPC read together with Section 3(2) (e) of the PDPP Act and two at Laitumkhrah PS under Sections 427/380/511 IPC and 427/380 IPC. Police of Rynjah PS under the leadership of Deputy Superintendent of Police (L&O) Jyoti Wahlang and Additional Superintendent of Police Dewansh Pandey, have arrested a 29-year-old man involved in the case.
HIV is also caused by germs called VIRUS (here the “V” means VIRUS).
Rajasshre's speech was on the topic of the College, “A Guiding Light to Crack UPSC Exams”.
Shillong, November 2: A few months ago, a clash between Thyllaw and Mawlongbna villages has caused injuries to the residents of Thyllaw village. him.
The JSM said that the demand for a government college has started since 2015, but so far there is no sign that the government has brought this college to improve the quality of education for the people of East Jaintia Hills. .
N.S Marbaniang.
The General Secretary of the Khasi Party, Bah Bantei S Rumnong, said that the Khasi Party congratulates the MP for his help.
The blockade was led by Daïapherbha Lamare Convener, Robi Suchiang, Umstain Village Councilor, James Lamare, Secretary Donaskur, Bhalang Lamurong, Umkiang Village Secretary, Wansuk Shylla. Narpuh.
However, it was on the day that the owner paid them their wages, that KwalLaloo decided to steal their wages and decided to kill his three friends, but he managed to kill them. Bah Syiemlieh of Ryndang, while one Soo Lamare was injured in the incident, while the other escaped unharmed.
The stability and stability of the atmosphere surrounding the planets depends on their size.
Senior BJP leader Jyotiraditya Scindia and his mother Madhavi Raje Scindia have tested positive for the coronavirus and are undergoing treatment at Max Hospital in Saket, south Delhi.
When asked what the Seng will do in relation to the formation of the Government, Bah Ardent said that the Seng has not yet thought about it, but will think about it to discuss it. and thanked the people who have given their support to the VPP and urged them to continue their support and love so that as leaders they can continue to work for the country and the nation.
The relatives of these families had met the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills Sanjay Goyal earlier and handed over a list of the names of the missing relatives along with photographs.
Those who intend to carry out any works, such as building houses, fencing and other works within the boundary of the village must first notify the office of the Dorbar Shnong and They must also obtain a NOC before working or doing any kind of work.
In his speech, Bah Hek said that it is a pride for parents to see their children shine in education and the distribution of laptops is one of the ways that the government has encouraged them. for their hard work.
“It is the second school in the country like Sports School Rai, Sonepat (Haryana) and it is a pride for the Assam Rifles and the state,” he added.
The growth of knowledge has been so rapid that there is no place to hide it, because this media world cannot set all the others but the newly produced ones have been shown. public access through television or the internet.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: The Cabinet meeting today approved the use of electricity by paying in advance, or like buying top up mobile phones where consumers can buy electricity according to the They will have to buy again and this will depend on their usage such as buying top up mobile phones.
Cariyoka Lyngdoh took three wickets while Anastesia S Shullai took two wickets.
The State has also started ranking the Districts according to the implementation of development projects and has prepared a District Level SDG Action Plan to oversee the development projects ahead and to release the funds to the Deputy Commissioners. They will strengthen development works in the districts.
He said that according to the RTI, in 2012-13, the IWMP had sent up to 2 lakh tyngka to the Rangbah Shnong for the construction of the dam but till now no signs have been implemented. The project has already been released to the former Rangbah Shnong.
Israel has shelled and destroyed a 12-story building in Gaza, injuring 18 people, including four children. only fifteen minutes were given for people to leave the 12-story building.
“However, as I said whether it will be done or not in the future depends on the cases, but if you don't start the process, we will not reach anywhere,” he said. The Secretary of the North Eastern Council (NEC), K Moses Chalai on Tuesday said that the implementation of the Central Government's financial assistance to the North Eastern States has not yet been completed. you have reached the thong as you want.
Speaking to reporters, the Minister replied, “Jahan at 8 o'clock market bandh, the market bandh will be closed. after 8pm, they produce fewer babies".
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National People's Party (NPP) Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday immediately put an end to the speculation that he intends to contest from two constituencies in the upcoming elections. MLA-2023 in the State.
Whether the security forces have been able to stop the flow of money in the evening within 45 hours after the end of the campaign especially in those constituencies where there is intense fighting.
However, as the game went on, the team declined in scoring after Abhishek Kumar released some tough balls and in only 13 overs Abhishek managed to score 5/. 41 until the end of the day.
She said that the agreement with the ASHA has been clear from the first day, according to the rules, there is no promise of salary or promise of anything other than the role that the ASHA employees have. you are right.
On the 12th (Lord's Day) at 10.00 AM, there will be a Mass of the Holy Eucharist by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh DD, Bishop of Jowai Diocese. The convention was organized by the Diocese of Jowai in a statement sent by the Director of ICYM, Father Manbha Pakem.
Seamstresses were seen sewing clothes by looking at graphs on their mobile phones before applying them to the clothes they were sewing.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 31 new cases have been confirmed on Friday, of which 23 cases are from East Khasi Hills, 4 cases from Ri Bhoi, One case from South West Khasi Hills and one case from West Khasi Hills, bringing the total number of cases in the state to
As is the case throughout the country, passports can be obtained by applying online and paying online.
“It is time for those leaders who have the responsibility to fight against this evil which has affected the youth of the district and the state and if there are no leaders Those who have a vision and courage to fight against this drug trafficking and drug trafficking is a great threat to the heritage of the nation because once the youth have become addicted to drugs and other evils it will be a poor legacy for the country and the nation.
Shillong: The President of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC), Bah Roykupar Synrem, on Tuesday said that the case of students who have chosen colleges affiliated to state universities will no longer be required to apply for the CUET examination. Leaders of the party, said that the party has taken steps to eradicate drugs.
Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma will meet the Union Government in Delhi on 4th June to discuss the issue of erection of signboards on the border with Bangladesh.
You're like this.
Sharing advice:– There are many prevention tips that you can follow to achieve a healthy body.
The people should unite to do this.
“So we can say that 60% of the border disputes between Assam and Meghalaya have been resolved and I expect that within this year, Assam and Meghalaya will be able to resolve 100% of the border disputes between Assam and Meghalaya. them," he said.
That is why the opposition parties have taken the opportunity to oppose the government.
Here the article shows many of the benefits of having good manners:–Of course I want to talk about Sweetymon Rynjah.
They should decide to allow only about 50 people per day at the living root bridges at Nongriat and Mawmluh and Arwah creeks.
Through this statement I would also like to encourage all those who have a role to play in providing services whether it is to those in hospitals from nurses, doctors, police or magistrates who should fulfill many responsibilities related to this disease and others.
He said that if there had been no unemployment as it is now, this earthquake would not have happened.
When asked what they want, how they feel if this continues as it has been done to have to take and deliver to Shillong, the residents replied that they want the government authorities to help to get back. as before to bring into the office of the king so that it will be of assistance to the people of the area to use the border gate.
There were 16 schools who set the target to fulfill this pledge while 25 Unit Leaders of the Meghalaya Scouts and Guides, West Jaintia Hills who came to participate including Scouts Masters, Guides Captain or ki Rovers-Rangers.
In West Khasi Hills, Renikton L Tongkhar, Minister of PHE, was elected as the Chairman and the members are Macmillan Byrsat, Gigur Myrthong, Kimfa S Marbaniang and Deputy Commissioner, West Khasi Hills. .
Nongpoh: Lucy Sawkmie, a longkmie resident of Baridua village, on Saturday, opened a large hotel named 'Sawkmie Hotel' between Khanapara village, a place near Assam.
Shillong, Nailur 9 : The State Government through the Education Department has sought clarification from the Principal of a school in West Jaintia Hills on the permission and permission for school children to play and dance the song of the political party in the celebration at this school.
Deb said in a tweet that out of 625 people who have been tested, 11 have tested positive.
According to CSWO President Shidalang Nongrum, when she visited the Meghalaya Rural Bank on 4th July 2016, the employees of the bank told her that her passbook was not yet valid. You don't have to bring your syrnod to the Sordar.
HK Singh Memorial Secondary School, Jowai, which is also the leading school in Meghalaya this year, has won the 62nd Subroto Cup 2023 International Football Tournament in the U-14 Sub Junior Boys category. the quarter-finals without the need to play.
Stating that there are no obstacles in the path of peace talks, the HNLC Leader said that the Government of India and the State Government have decided to start the peace talks as soon as possible.
Buam said that not all the BSF personnel have done this but there is only one person named Girendra Chaturvedi who has spoken against the people.
“Anyway, we will come up with the list of candidates by the end of July.
He studied Missiology in Rome for four years (2007-2010).
First of all, we would like to congratulate Bah Charles Marngar for his willingness to explain to the nation that Meghalaya is a Christian State.
Another topic discussed at the meeting was the UDP's request for clarification from Bah Pynshngaiñ on nine issues which the party does not agree with and these issues include the money from the Professional Tax which T.2 crore or less, the appointment of a Magistrate, the expenditure on the improvement of the Conference Hall of T.45 lakh, the funds from the Forest Department, the Campaign for Change, the People's Democratic Forum to the People's Democratic Front and others.
However, at that time, the residents of the area could still hear the sound of the lyer bih like the smell of the lyer that escapes from the tyndong lyer. to this lyer that is light.
The attempt was foiled by a team of troops from the 57 RR of the Army, Kupwara Police and TA 160 Battalion at Doganar Machil Sector. parts of the Line of Control (LoC) in Kupwara district.
Shillong: Two bodies of foreign suspects were found lying on the road at Ichamati and Dalda, Majai Police Outpost, Sohra Civil Sub Division, Shillong, today.
Shillong: The Workers' Power of Meghalaya (WPM), the largest union of workers' groups in the state, has supported the students under the banner “Fridays For Future – Shillong”. Change me.
Regarding the inability to distribute Top Syntek to the people of the village, Samla Ailongbha Pariat, said that the reason why he went to help the people of the village, is after he It was seen that there are many poor households and farmers, who really need such assistance, so that it will be of benefit to them, for the purpose of making them water reservoirs.
Rev Dr Raja Singh Elias, General Secretary of the IEM, will deliver the closing speech.
After the victory over Murray, Fognini will face Serbian Miomir Kecmanovic.
Earlier, BJP-Meghalaya President Ernest Mawrie said that the committee will submit its report on the roster system.
Then we covered him with spain and the injury caused pain and we took him to hospital, but we didn't expect such a thing to happen,” said Emanuel's wife.
:The Symbud Myntri Rangbah and President of the National People's Party (NPP) in the state, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday said that the government is waiting for the decision of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC). for peace talks, and the government will do its best to take action to achieve this.
He said that this work has been supported by the MBMA and officials from the Directorate of Horticulture.
This has created difficulties for the school authorities to run a school and is a great loss to the students of this school.
Jayden Mewan Lakiang and Under-1
The inspection was first led by the people of the village, after which the Magistrate also left to inspect, to find out the truth about the incident. They also discussed the facts about the Dhaba, especially in those areas where the water from the Dhaba is flowing.
If the city department is able to implement this idea, it will be the first time in the country that the public will receive a coupon if there is no coupon to refund the excess fare.
About five kilometers from this place, two families in Wahlyngkhat village are still in shock over what happened on the evening of 14th June.
Nadia Syiemlieh has been selected as the Puron after a thorough audition held on 6th November 2019 at the Khasi National Dorbar Hall, Mawkhar. men, women and grandparents came to showcase their talents.
EGH, which won the toss and elected to bat first, scored 51 runs.
JOWAI: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) has demanded that the Deputy Inspector General of Forests, Ministry of Environment & Forest, Climate Change (NEZ), Government of India cancel the public hearing convened by the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board ( MSPCB on the 30th of this month for the proposed mining of Star Cement at Brishyrnot in violation of the Eco Sensitive Zone (ESZ) Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary and the order of the Supreme Court.
At the same time, he urged the residents to submit their land documents to the Regional Committee appointed by the state government.
Success through this step will not only benefit us now but also ensure a cleaner and healthier environment for future generations.
The distribution is as follows: Khaw AAY will be distributed at 35 kilos per household at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, Khaw PHH will be distributed at 5 kilos per kilo per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo. Non-NFSA rice will be distributed at 7.215 kilos per month at Die Lang at Rs.11.77 per kilo and at Die Khutia at Rs.12.34 per kilo.
“The first 1000 days of children's lives are very important and through early childhood programmes, we will provide all the support and needs of children,” he said.
He said that at present, the permit applications from the District Council will be for those areas under the jurisdiction of KHADC, while for Government areas, they will have to obtain permits from the Government and from the District Council. For those who build only 10 floor houses and wooden houses, they have to apply for permission from the Dorbar Shnong.
Police have arrested Bah Anthony Kharbuli, 48, former KSU leader and supporter of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh in the 1990s. In a letter sent by Bah M Kharkrang, it was alleged that Bah Anthony Kharbuli was one of the instigators in the power struggle between the people and the KHNAM. Police in Motphran on the afternoon of 25th November 2013, in which several policemen were injured.
They are Babu BC Jyrwa, Dr. HW Sten, Bah LG Shullai, Bah DT Laloo, Bah H Mylliemngap, Bah K Rapthap, Bah H Warjri, Bah Kitbor Nongrum and Bah EW Dkhar.
According to the reply sent by the state, the work has progressed and about 33 kilometers have been completed and the work is ongoing in other parts.
Hair and eyebrows are made up of keratin proteins and hair is a major source of protein.
Those who have been confirmed include four Congress MLAs and two independent MLAs.
Ahmad works in the Detective Branch of the Sylhet Police.
Shillong: Three persons, including a 50-year-old man, a 35-year-old woman and a 3-year-old child, have lost their lives. , after the driver of a pickup truck in which they were traveling overturned into a field in Ampati, South West Garo Hills (SWGH).
Shillong: Bipin Kumar Ray took seven wickets for the loss of seven wickets in the U-23 Men's U-23 Trophy between Meghalaya and Mizoram. Mizoram was fought in Nadiad, Gujarat.
Pasqualina Lamare, Program Coordinator of SURE, said that in Jaintia Hills alone, there used to be more than 100 varieties of rice seeds, but now they have disappeared. When he was in the Philippines, he found that the people here have more than 7,000 varieties of rice. .
The Minister also inaugurated the CMCs of the Synroplang Village Organization at Thadmuthlong A and later the Farmers Union at Shangpung Pohchnong.
Famous artists like Benedict Hynniewta, Raphael Warjri, Careen Langstieh and many others whose names I don't remember have exhibited their paintings around Nan Polok for these three days from 14-16 November.
In Gujarat, 112 new cases and 13 deaths have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in Gujarat to 2,178 and the death toll to
He said that the National People's Party (NPP) has called for cooperation since the day the election results were announced but he and Bah Gavin M Mylliem, MLA Sohra have agreed and kept their promise that the party will lead the party. Government.
He said that many people misunderstand that the ABVP is a religious party or a Hindu party. He explained that there are many other religions who have become members of the ABVP in the same country. who have held various positions within the organization.
He said that in the years before the outbreak of COVID-19, the nar rod has reached only 4,000 quintals, the tin has reached only 3,500 quintals. Since 2021, the price of 4,000 quintals of nar rod has increased to 5,000 per quintal.
“False news which is intended to defame the party will be forgiven,” said the statement. In a complaint signed by the Vice President of the MPTC, Bah James Lyngdoh, On July 29, 2013, the party held a meeting of its office bearers and the opening of its new office in the presence of National General Secretary Abhishek Bannerjee. The party has issued a false statement containing the letter head of the party and the signature of the National General Secretary. Vickey Dey and Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times, will contest the 2023 Legislative Assembly elections.
The Christian and patriotic spirit has been buried with money and the heart of conscience has been darkened.
Ri Bhoi Police, on receiving this information, conducted a search operation on the NH-6 and Khongdong Umling, and seized a vehicle which was not They searched the vehicle and found 29.2 grams of heroin weighing about 29.2 grams. After that, they arrested a man, Nurul Huda, from the vehicle. Nagaon is located in the state of Assam.
Ram Ahuja gives his explanation as follows, “Corruption in simpler terms can be defined as 'money laundering'
If the Meghalaya government continues to ignore the problems and concerns of the people in the border village, Bah Paul Star Lyngdoh said that they too will not hesitate to take another path if it happens like what happened in “The Khasi people can no longer tolerate the violence of the Assam Police from time to time,” he added.
Thus, these can use this free time for income generation, new training and to support their children’s education.
The two robbers were arrested along with four mobile phones after the security forces conducted two raids on Tuesday.
In June, the Deputy Commissioner banned the sale of tobacco products such as masala and others.
He said that the curfew will continue for a day.
The market was held as part of the 100 Days Festival program of the state government.
He said that about 300 people arrested Bah Michael at the scene and handed him over to the Assam police.
Blinken was speaking after the last day of a ceasefire between Israel and Hamas, in which Hamas and Israel have released dozens of people they have detained and kidnapped. everything is great.
A lazy wife is a careless wife.
Amazon is now on track to reach its goal of achieving this commitment, and in addition, it has been able to double its shipments from India, and so on. By 2025, the company will be able to export about $20 billion worth of goods from India.
The two leaders expelled by the JD(U) include Cyril D. Marak of the Meghalaya Janata Dal United and Nehru T. Sangma, one of the state executive members of the party.
A man, weighing 317.515 kilos, said he spends his life eating and playing video games and sitting alone, saying he wants to eat until he dies. completely.
In total, five students who have achieved the highest results in the study of the Khasi language in their classrooms were honoured.
Any injection has a strong effect on humans because it is designed to kill and fight germs in the human body.
“To hold elections to the GHADC is a constitutional right.
The results are not encouraging because the donors lack concern that the results of the tests in the laboratories have not been made public for many reasons.
However, now the trucks are not allowed to pass.
Four offices of the KSU in Laskein Block, including the KSU Iooksi Unit, KSU Umsalait Unit, KSU Priang Unit and KSU Saphai Unit, have strongly condemned the state electricity department for its mismanagement. The electricity supply took the lives of two children who were not related.
Shillong, October 26: The Garo Hills State Movement Committee (GHSMC) and the Garo National Council (GNC) have launched a protest in Tura, Williamnagar and Baghmara. .
Jowai: 40 young women from different villages of West Jaintia Hills District received their syrnot yesterday. to certify that they have completed a three month training in the field of cleaning and beauty.
Earlier in the inspection, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh also inaugurated the classroom of RCLP School, Maw u Sam which was constructed at a cost of Rs 3 lakh under the Special Rural Work Programme.
Raid Nongtung is located in Block-II between Meghalaya and Assam and in front of the MDCs who attended the meeting, the people who attended the meeting expressed their desire to don't go to Meghalaya.
Nine new cases of COVID-19 have been confirmed in Nagaland and they have just returned from Chennai.
“The VPP is ready to respond to anyone who says that its demand for the appointment is wrong and unfounded.
There were also 2 Polling Stations set up only by police, female officers, a Model Polling Station and a polling station for the disabled.
Rejecting the government's plan to introduce the ILP, Bah Eldie said that instead of implementing the ILP, the government has wasted time to introduce the ILP. to the foreigners who come to live in this state.
It is the time to remove the Dst.
The Seiñraij Jowai would also like to express its special gratitude to the four Lyngdohs of Jowai Elaka, the Seng Khasi Seng Kmie and other Seiñraij departments as well as to all the Dorbar Shnongs who have taken part in the implementation and holding of the The Behdieñkhlam 2022 festival went smoothly and fruitfully in all aspects.
The three American astronauts announced that they were coming in peace for the sake of mankind and it was so.
To prepare for these threats, it is necessary for us to take responsibility to strengthen agriculture to produce food from our different villages of Bri u Hynniewtrep and the whole state.
The Minister of State for Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, has slammed Patricia Mukhim for allegations against her and the United Democratic Party (UDP) in connection with the investigation into the rice belonging to the State where it is allegedly planned to be smuggled to Assam.
The new cases include EGH: 21, EJH: 15, EKH: 158, NGH: 21, RBD: 80, SGH: 14, SWGH: 16, SWKH: 4, WGH: 102, WJH: , WKH: 10 There have been 610 recoveries from the disease.
However, this time it has been surprising and it is also the first time, that all the students from class X and class XII have passed and it is indeed the hard work of all the teachers with the cooperation of the students.
The traffic jam which has affected the passengers every day has turned into a disease that cannot be cured by any other means.
Former General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Auguster Jyrwa, who has announced his candidacy for the MDC election, will contest from the UDP. The incumbent MDC has been re-elected as an MLA from West Shillong constituency and has been elected as a Minister in the state government.
Samehi Laloo, Secretary Rotary Club Jowai, Rtn.
Peace does not come without food; We will not get food if we don't protect and care for Bei Rymaw.
The march will start from Mawiaban and end at Pompor on the border of Siejlieh and Nondeiñ. There will also be a public discussion with the participation of various political parties. The Dorbar Shnong invites all the Sengbhalang and various organizations of the area to come and take part in this march.
Evil destroys them.
In fact, the government had scheduled to hold a meeting tomorrow, July 16, to discuss the issue, but today, the meeting was postponed.
“It's enough.
Meanwhile, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the release of the youth from the area will enable them to better communicate with the people when they come to the office.
The accident happened at 12:30 pm when the Night Super bus, number WB-31-6127, was coming from Shillong. The bus overturned and seriously injured about 10 people on board the bus.
Prevention choices: You can cause high blood pressure by unhealthy habits, such as sitting too long, choosing unhealthy foods, and drinking alcohol. you are among others.
Besides, he said that the residents who have a lot of rice in their houses have also suffered, because the rice, wheat, riewhadem and other crops have been destroyed.
Speaking after the Cabinet meeting, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, said that the rules have been included in the Rules of the Government to prohibit all government employees who are not eligible to hold the post of Rangbah Shnong or Sengbhalang. .
These traditional teachings have been destroyed in this age of greed, wealth and selfishness.
Jowai, Naitung 07: Leaders of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Namdong Area in the presence of President Samla Kitbok Lang Lamare, Samla Rimiki War and others visited the Community Health Center (CHC). ) Namdong during the power outage in the area and it was found that until now the CHC has to sit in the middle of darkness.
“I would like to thank the members of the COVID team who have taken the initiative and worked hard for the entire village and I also wish those who have been affected by this disease to get well with treatment. and think carefully about yourself,” said Bah Hamlet.
Shillong, Naitung 17 : Part of the 884 km border between Assam and Meghalaya has been surveyed and redrawn by the Survey of India (SoI) after 50 years of separation of Meghalaya from Assam. .
Shillong: Unidentified robbers have detonated a petrol bomb in the ground floor of the house of Lakshmi Bareh in Pynthorbah on Saturday night. Shillong.
Due to the shortage of medicines, the Medical and Health Officers In-charge of the areas have been directed to inform in advance and confirm the date and time of injection.
Later, Beniwal said that after discussions with the Prime Minister CM Bhagwat Mann, he said that after a thorough discussion on these issues, the demand for laid by the farmers.
The final match of the MLA Cup was also played between United Shallang FC and Balbarian Sports Club Rongjeng.
New Delhi: A coalition of opposition parties known as INDIA will visit Manipur on the 29th and 30th of November.
Rahul and Priyanka Gandhi will try again today to visit the site after being blocked on Friday.
The residents are requested to cooperate with the village authorities for the benefit of all and anyone who violates will be punished according to the village administration.
He said that these households were homeless and the owners were foreigners.
When reporters asked Dharmendra about this, he said, “Bohot maza aye (it's very pleasant).
Marngar said the state government has already passed the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act 2016 in the Legislative Assembly but when the government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma came to power, it was brought back in the Legislative Assembly in 2020 to re-enter the rules.
Nongpoh: Police of Khanapara Police Station today recovered the body of a youth identified as Prestone Khymdeit (25) after he was found lyngktar. at one place, which falls under the village of Jorpul Killing in Ri Bhoi.
However, he said it is unfortunate that Palestine could return to conflict with Israel in the future just because of the war at this time.
Even if we cannot greet you face to face, may the Lord God bless you all in every way.
During the clashes, three Maoist militants fell dead after being shot, the army said.
Therefore, the department has invited the land owners to come forward to offer suitable land in accordance with the requirements laid down in the EOI. House in New Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Vellore and Guwahati.
At present, the Police Department has deployed 25 Policemen to assist in the management of vehicles and in case of any incident that may arise at any time.
At the same time, he said that this protest will not affect other ethnic groups, but it depends on the wisdom of the government as the Khasi have the largest population in the state.
TMC MP Derek O'Brien said this was the worst day in the country's democracy and said the opposition demanded that the vote should be held. while the Speaker of the House, accepted the strong support of the members of the House.
“When you change, you don't know what to do,” said Dr Donkupar.
Wansalan E Dhar was elected as Secretary, Junemon Paswet, Jowai and Treasurer Pyrkhat Shylla from Ialong were elected as Secretaries.
“We need a strong party, and the UDP as the largest party in the state is eager to invite all other parties to work together,” said Dr Mawthoh.
One of the RSS members said that this rally is once a year without permission from the Deputy Commissioner's office.
Great Mercy Langte is a resident of Nongnah village in South West Khasi Hills. She is also a talented dancer of AMDA and a singer who won the Meghalaya Superstar Season-II. .
They also demanded that the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma should take action on this issue and the All Khasi Hills Achik Federation has given them two months to take action. “If this doesn't happen, we will take other strong measures,” said the Garo leaders.
Another leader from Mawkhar, Dr.BPS Roy, while speaking on the occasion, said, “Soon, the time will come when everything will be changed even in the family and in the “In the end, we will be left with only a shynrong, as time goes by, even the powers of the District Council have been reduced,” he said.
A farmer is not a farmer at all without land.
The meeting was organized by Aide-et-Action to complement the work of Supporting Human Capital Development in Meghalaya.
There are about 8 shops that sell tea and food in this area.
Your people are trying to kill me.
The seven houses affected are the house of Strongwell Khongtani, the house of Shongmon Khongtani, Persha Khongwet, Kuruplang Khongtani, Kor Khongtani and the house of Crowning Khongtani.
At this time, a drug dealer identified as Md Dilwar Hussain was arrested from the scene of the crash.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 05: As part of the celebration of the birth anniversary of Dr. Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, this special day was celebrated at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School Auditorium, Mawkyrwat, South West. T.Lyngwa, IAS, Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills District was the chief guest.
At a meeting in Goalpara district on 20th March 2023, Ajmal said, “Theft, robbery, murder, we have lost.
They said that they have been able to lead the tournament through the guidance of a goalkeeper, Bah Jompsingstar Ramsiej who has been the guide of these youngsters since They are still in their village where he has given many trainings from the running techniques and also through the instructions to be careful of the time how far they can achieve the goal they have set. .
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today, in a public meeting convened at Madan Student, today expressed his appreciation to the people. Synrop group within ARPA in the past few months.
Speaking to media, the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titostarwell Chyne, said that the Executive Committee has also decided that the protest within the office will continue and will not be stopped. Foreigners are also allowed to enter the office and employees are allowed to come to work only 30%.
On the awarding of contracts under the Saubhagya scheme, Zenith Sangma said that companies from Mumbai and Delhi have been awarded contracts at more than 15% of the stipulated price while contractors from the state have been awarded contracts at more than 15% of the stipulated price. pat shall be given according to the price as fixed.
Miet Snem thyme is the source of happiness and joy.
“For the first time in the history of India, a system has been introduced to enroll 38 crore non-government employees.
He said it is surprising that the government at such a time when the country is in danger from neighboring countries, the government has introduced this approach, which shows that this government she doesn’t believe in national security or wants to join the military to save herself.
AIM Meghalaya has also submitted the decisions of the Supreme Court and High Courts, orders and other documents as well as the report of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR).
The HYC leader said that the HYC is ready to come forward to discuss the issue of understanding because the HYC needs unity especially at this time when the people need to unite. it will be able to develop the region as well as the country and the nation.
Rifarwell Dkhar, son of Womphri Ryngkhlem and Morning Dkhar, residents of Demthring village, passed away on 03/10/2
For the first time in the state, the Governor will invite the heads of schools and colleges to celebrate the city's Teachers' Day.
Three matches were played in the men's category and one match in the women's category where East Jaintia Hills beat West Khasi Hills 4-1
But the most important of these are money and food.
If it is not possible to bury the pigs, the vehicle carrying the dead pigs should be done by the agencies under the jurisdiction of the District Veterinary Office in accordance with the rules.
Speaking to this reporter, many of the shopkeepers expressed their concern especially in relation to the lack of pipes.
The Opposition MLA from Nongkrem, Bah Ardent Basaïawmoit has asked what the State Government has done on the statement of the Karbi Students' Association (KSA) leaders. duh the bag.
Shillong, July 28: The market of booksellers has declined sharply compared to the previous year.
The file has been sent to the Ministry of Education and after the approval of the government we will be able to release the grant of T.52 crore for the SSA teachers.
Furthermore, the recruitment quota has been amended to enable the Government to conduct special recruitment examinations for the communities which do not yet have Government employees among them.
The group from Kolkata arrived in Shillong and stayed in the city.
Rev.KE Rympeit said that as believers in God and as those who call themselves Christians, they should not play with the glory given to them by God. .
Drug traffickers should not be allowed to walk around, making money by destroying the lives of others.
Before the start of the meeting, it was seen that many vehicles had flocked to the venue and were covered with the flag of Singh.
Mevani was arrested on June 25 after being released on bail for a tweet against Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
The kurs of this village are Puwein, Marshra, Iawlar, Sohphoh and Marshillong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, CMD of MeECL Sanjay Goyal said that the maintenance has been done through the DRIP scheme for the safety of the Umïam Dam and this will be a longer lasting safety. relative to this existing structure.
“The opposition groups are not united and the BJP has been able to defeat the non-united opposition parties,” he said.
“Zenith's statement that I am making money, I want to say that he should look at my record first, when Capt WA Sangma was Prime Minister, he appointed me Acting Prime Minister when he was Prime Minister. “Go to America, and check my record first, whether I have been accused of corruption, go and get the records, and if you can get them, put me in jail,” said Bah Lapang.
Speaking to reporters, Francis said that he had always told them not to continue mining, but they did not listen and continued.
“We have committed this crime and now we have come to apologize,” they said.
Leaders of various churches as well as some leaders of NGOs have given their strong support to the security forces to bring back those who have joined the armed group without doing anything wrong. harm.
It is better for him not to be afraid than to become a beast.
“People say that there is Modi's wind, but there is no Modi's wind in Arunachal Pradesh, Meghalaya, Manipur, Mizoram, West Bengal or Odisha? There is no Modi wind in the North East and it is only because of Gogoi's incompetence that the party has suffered a huge defeat.
He added that the district administration will take action against this matter as soon as possible and if it does not take action, the union will take strong action regardless of the disturbance of peace and order. .
When asked how they identified these soldiers who took part in the Bangladesh war, Bah Africa said that the soldiers who were trained in India had Indian numbers before they fought.
Secondly, what benign Gratification could apt Christianity if subject theologian encroach into politics?3.
This is the reason why the voltage at the MeECL office in Bapli is not 170 or 180 volts.
“Regarding the allegation of corruption by Bah Kitborlang Nongrem that he is on the side of the Government”, Bah Kitborlang Nongrem has to say whether all those on the side of the Government are corrupt. Whether the VPP has the proof that the government is corrupt or whether the VPP can become the judge of the corruption of anyone including Bah Kitborlang Nongrem.
He said that the government is providing support to develop the talented people to stand on their own feet. He encouraged and encouraged them to make proper use of the support from the government. government to be able to market their products.
He said that the Assam police had arrested him along with other elders and taken him to jail in Nagaon for opposing this action of the Assam government.
The meeting was attended by the party leaders including Working President Adelbert Nongrum, Chief Adviser THS Bonney and Vice President Thomas Passah.
The Harijans are not the owners of the land but they have been the owners of the land because they have lived in this land for a long time,” he said. say that you shall not pay them.
On the same day, the Congress held a rally which started from the party office in Nongpoh and ended at the DC office in Ri Bhoi. The march was held from Pahamsyiem to the DTO office and ended at Pahamsyiem Square along with a public meeting to protest against the increase in petrol and diesel prices.
For more information go to is the employment opportunity of [24]7.
But as the years went by, wickedness increased.
Arnon Rodthong, 26, has been devastated by the fact that his daughter, who is 26 years old, has not given birth at all. he came with her.
Dr Laskar walked more than 15 kilometers from Dodws-Taraori and visited Samana Bahu in Karnal district of Haryana.
In his speech, Dr Amit Kapoor, Honorary Chairman, Institute for Competitiveness and Lecturer, Stanford University, said, “The Social Progress Index report is an independent process in which the analysis is based on three relationships of social development – ​​people's needs, welfare principles and opportunities.
He said that the district has already allocated Rs 20 lakh through which it will be able to provide immediate assistance to those who have been severely affected especially those who have lost their lives in the natural disaster.
Sources said that the Congress party has also received information that some of its MLAs will not support Meira Kumar but will vote for the NDA candidate Ram Nath Kovind. The party will look closely at the votes that the Congress should have received from the state or not as it has already counted.
Shillong, July 17: Several people passing through Malki Forest on Saturday evening found the body of a newborn baby burnt inside the forest.
Farmers from other villages also participated in the festival.
Shilling, March 14: Police have arrested B Star Nongsbap, President of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Kyrdemkulai Unit on charges of involvement in the detonation of petrol bombs during the protests of the Ri-Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF). to demand re-employment of two employees of MUDA Byrnihat recently.
“A team comprising AMD Senior Engineer (Civil), Surveyor AMD, Chief Superintendent (Civil), Additional Superintendent (Geo), DGM (UCIL) and Project Engineer of KHADC inspected the Wahkaji-Mawthabah road. 20 km long on 30 June and 1 January
Writing, criticizing and accusing is not bad no matter what is right or wrong.
He said that the High Court's objection is that there is no roster system even though there is no reservation policy.
Because you have seen that I am a man without any knowledge.
The Special Cell Police of East Khasi Hills have investigated the complaint and found through the documents shown by Mawthoh that there are many police advertisements in CISF, BSF and ITBP. Police of the Special Cell arrested Reshma at Pynthorumkhrah along with other friends Durga Thapa, 64, Lakshmi. Chetri, 24, of Umkdait, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shillong, July 17: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly criticized the Congress-led MUA-II government for allegedly raping a child against Mawhati MLA Julius K Dorphang. Defense Minister HDR Lyngdoh should resign to allow a clean investigation.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: Police have received CCTV footage of an attempt by robbers to kidnap the son of the Chief Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills. Edmund College, but have not yet arrested the suspects.
At the same time, he said that according to information received, the government will build the Intermediate Road from Lad-Mawreng to Weiloi and also from Weiloi to Mawkyrwat through the Northeast Infrastructure Development Scheme (NIDS). He said that the Government of India should recognize this road as a National Highway because these state schemes to build roads will be only about 5 meters. The National Highway has a two lane road of about 10 meters which can attract many tourists.
Jowai: The full office bearers of the Hill Farmers Union (HFU) have been confirmed by the President of the Union, Commander Shangpliang in Jowai.
There I caught the hidden thought in the hearts of men and minds and faith: the salvation of man is by love and in love.
Last year, the government launched the STAR program to identify talented youth who can receive training and guidance to become skilled athletes with the aim of enabling Meghalaya to represent India at the 2032 Olympics.
The party should also be ready to assist its members when they face any problems in their homes or workplaces.
At the same time, he congratulated all the teams who came to take part in this tournament to play well, in the match there will be those who lose and those who win but those who lose They should not be discouraged but they should work harder and they will get victory one day.
The team was led by coaches Jezerel Sangma Jezreal Oyami and Indahun Iawphniaw, managers Wallambok Mawlong and Particia Synjri. Official.
According to the Chief Minister, the Governor is currently examining the government's proposal to set up a Delimitation Commission to abolish and recreate the MDC constituencies.
The District Magistrate has enforced Section 144 CrPC to prohibit people from gathering more than 5 persons and carrying weapons including sticks, stones and other weapons. The incident occurred at the Mooshutsdai-Mookabeng garbage dump.
“By mutual understanding, we have decided to allow Alexander Laloo Hek to remain as a Minister in the MDA government until the end of his term,” he said.
Therefore, as in this age of wealth, the Word of God has something to say about it by warning people about wealth by saying – “But those who desire to be rich fall into temptation and a snare and many senseless and hurtful desires, which plunge men into destruction and ruin. temptation and deceit, and all sorts of foolish and evil desires, which plunge men into destruction and ruin. For the root of all evil is deceit.”1 Timothy 6:8-1
The Hima Mylliem, after the removal of Bah Ioanis Narleng, former Rangbah Shnong of Baridua, has appointed Bah Agustine Nongrum as the interim Rangbah Shnong of Baridua. They worked inside the village.
Mohammed Shami, who underwent surgery on the 26th of this month and has recovered from a leg injury, will soon join the National Cricket Academy (NCA) in Bengaluru. prepare yourselves.
The VPP has also started to blow especially after the party announced the party's symbol as 'Prah' at a meeting held in Smit. will contest the MLA elections to be held on 27th June
Even if they are given time, they can still ask for more time to fulfill their duty.
Those who attended the launch of the campaign included Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC and other dignitaries. , then on to Pahamlapong, Pahamsohthri and other villages, which are more crowded.
“We are ready to take a decision within six months whether to resign or remain in this government as talks are ongoing with the National President of the BJP,” Dr Ao told reporters.
The Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Khasi Hills District, Bah S Kharlyngdoh, has signed a letter of arrest against the suspect. Police have charged the HANM West Khasi Hills leader with three counts of robbery of three offices. government including the burning of the office of the Public Work Department (PWD), the burning of the office of Fishery and also the burning of the KHADI office. The DC today signed a letter of arrest under the MPDA Act. Furthermore, reports said that the HANM leader who was charged under the MPDA Act today will be arrested. They were taken to Silchar jail for imprisonment.
They can request the information at any time because this figure has already been brought before the Legislature many times.
Nongstoiñ, July 16: The coal miners of Shallang area, who are also Khasi, have faced a lot of problems with the daily wages, in which many of the miners have to take away their land. The coal miners (Depu) in the Shallang area, cost tens of thousands of tyngka per annum, from the land owners just to get a daily wage.
One of the achievements is the revival of abandoned special places.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Four members of the Hynniewtrep Youth People (HYC) who were arrested on charges of filling petrol without paying at Anjalee Petrol Pump have been released today. The party with three vehicles went to welcome the newly released members with a slogan and shouted the motto of the party 'Tur shaphrang shipai ka ri' Three others were arrested from Umsohsun on charges of robbing the Municipal Market at Jail Road.
The meeting was conducted by Bah MN Thongni, welcome speech by Bah C Nongbri, Working President of UDP Ranikor Circle, and welcome speech by Bah Vianey Sangma.
“It is the duty of the government to find ways and means to improve and ensure that any differences are resolved,” he said.
When asked whether the NPP MLAs will get a place in the Cabinet in Manipur, he said, “The inclusion in the Cabinet will be at the discretion of the Chief Minister of Manipur, but the support of the NPP MLA of the BJP government in Manipur is because we are in the NDA and NEDA central governments”.
The rally started from Nondeiñ and continued to Nongstoiñ Market. During the rally, the people together with various Sengbhalang of the district, called for the immediate implementation of the ILP in the state. The rally ended at Nongstoiñ Market where the Sengbhalang under the banner of CoMSo received placards condemning the enactment of the CAB which has now become the CAA. Chairman of CoMSO Robert June Kharjahrin and other Sengbhalang leaders from WKHD who are under the banner of CoMSO. Speaking at the meeting, Robert June Kharjahrin said that our nation is not a nation that has been defeated and it has not been a nation that has been defeated even by the British government if there is no brotherhood. het change.
Kyntiew Shaphrang HSS, Laitlyngkot beat Pomlum HSS, Baniun by a tie-breaker after scoring 10 goals.
MLA and President of the Voice of the People (VPP) Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit has vowed to take to the streets and fight against the MDA-II government until it meets the demands of the MDA-II. Speaking at a meeting held at Kynshi, Bah Ardent said that the 48 hour deadline for the state government to issue a notification to suspend the implementation of the project has expired. The party will announce its program of protest.
Speaking on the launch of the price of the Toyota Hilux, Tadashi Asazuma, Executive Vice President of Toyota Kirloskar Motor, said, “Today, we are delighted to announce the price of the Hilux.
We are looking forward to this festival especially after we have just held the Curtain Raiser recently in Mumbai and the story has spread about Meghalaya as having beautiful places,” said Bah Shangpliang.
– Separate the round and white skins, then clean them thoroughly and apply to the face using a soft brush or brush.
“I am still strong that he wants to hold on to that seat, but it is only the state reservation policy that he demanded that is outdated,” he said. , because the Khasi community is more paid while the share is 40 percent, which others also get 40 percent is outdated.
Shillong: Rev Nowin Karthak of Keating Road and R Basaiawmoit, Riat Laban East near St John's, Madan have tested positive for covid-1 The District Magistrate, East Khasi Hills District, today announced the closure of these houses, in order to prevent the entry of it comes and goes and goes in these houses above.
At the beginning of the meeting, the President of the Seng, Bah Anthony ES Lyngdoh welcomed the guests and Miss Marcelia Born Syiemliehia explained the history of the Educational Awards. 1992.
We remember that time when Jesus entered Jerusalem sitting on a donkey's colt and shouted – Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord! Peace in heaven, and glory in the highest, until the Pharisees said to the multitude and to Jesus – Master, rebuke thy disciples. be silent, and the stones shall be lifted up" Luke 19:32-4
Therefore, we strongly request the Government authorities in charge of this to take action to provide assistance for the reconstruction of these bridges. Donbok Buam GS Raid Buam Thangbuli-Umladkhur has been arrested.
Therefore, when looking at the condition of the schools in the area, it was seen and found that not only does it affect the people, but most importantly the students, who attend these schools and where the The future of the children who study in such schools, who have only shortcomings.
They were also taken to government hospitals for further examination and after being examined by doctors, they were discharged.
The death of Bah Marbaniang was linked to the NGT coal ban as the police officer died after seizing illegal coal trucks without proper documents.
While they were waiting for the ambulance, another explosion occurred in the ground floor of the area.
“We will hold a meeting tomorrow with a clear mind, and there is a possibility even to go to court,” said Pro.
Suparna Sharma, now the Resident Editor of Asian Age, Delhi, said that when she was 20 years old in 1993-96, while she was working on a computer, Akbar stood behind her. “He took my bra and said words I don't remember at all and I shouted at him,” said Sharma.
The items, carefully concealed, were reportedly found in the clothing, underwear and purses of the two women.
A case has been registered at Sadar Police Station.
Father Sngi added, “When there is no longer this love for God and for one's fellow men, there is no Church; There is no such thing as a good organization, which is only a name without a job.
The work must be voluntary and must be of benefit to the community/citizens and the work must also be visible.
“The demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India is the desire of every citizen in the state, so that we can preserve and protect the identity of the Khasi and Garo languages. low paid you"he said.
The areas affected by the curfew will be all areas under Mawlai Block and Census Town, Mawpat Block under Census Town, Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi Bridge. to Hynniewtrep, Madanriting, Mawblei, Laitkor, Nongkseh, Umlyngka, Lawsohtun, Mawdiangdiang, Diengiong and Siejiong.
He said it is not easy for the government to pay once but there will be a special allocation for this payment.
How else could society be good? What is this?.
Speaking at the meeting, he said that it is necessary to preserve the jynkieng jri as it has many benefits through its existence.
On the other hand, government employees from Ri Bhoi District including Returning Officers, Assistant Returning Officers, Sector Officers and Zonal Magistrates have been busy to collect the tums. EVM, VVPAT, CU and other equipment to be delivered to all Polling Stations in Ri Bhoi District for the smooth running of the election.
The first half of the match was a very successful match in which the children played exactly like the older players, in terms of passing, passing and shooting. trying to create opportunities to score.
Police have registered a case and the investigation is ongoing.
The other 10 candidates include Chief Executive Member (CEM) Titos W Chyne from Sohra constituency, Martle N Mukhim from Mawkynrew, Grace Kharpuri from Shella, Alvin Sawkmie from Mawsynram, Ronnie V Lyngdoh from Mawsynram. Mylliem, Mitchell Wankhar from Mylliem, PN Syiem from Pynthorumkhrah, Paul Lyngdoh from Shillong West and Teibor Pathaw from Mawlai.
On the other hand, the Chairman of KHADC, Bah Lamphrang Blah, asked in the House whether all the members have approved the budget and it was witnessed that all the members have approved the budget. Shillong, Lber 06: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) on Monday warned that if the Central Government implements the Uniform Civil Code (UCC) as the Minister of Home Affairs has said, This will affect the rights of every citizen of India especially the right of ownership of us minorities.
The UDP has elected HDR Lyngdoh's brother-in-law Synsharlang Lyngdoh as the party's candidate.
Furthermore, this road is also a road that can attract many tourists from all over the world who visit Mawlynnong village and pass through to Lyngkhat Market, Borhil River and Dawki Bridge. It is very sad and regrettable because as of now, we see that for more than two years, this road has been neglected since those who agreed to construct this road have destroyed the old colour. After that, they left the road until it was destroyed and continued to clean the road with soil from one season to another until these days.
Today is the last day of the month on the 30th.10 am.
“We know that the BJP has included CAB in its manifesto but we should know how to protect it.
Gogoi said the BJP government in Assam is unstable and alleged that there has been ethnic unrest, an increase in violence against women and others under the BJP rule. Himanta said there has never been any incident in Assam that has affected especially the minority religious groups in his state.
Jesus said, “...for ye know neither the day nor the hour wherein the Son of man cometh.
– In the Puriskam “Kshaid Daiñthlen” it is said that only the Khasi did not eat the meat;
Through RTI, the Seng has announced the schemes distributed to the people through the MLA, namely the SRWP and CMSRDF schemes for the year 2018, in which the Seng leader, Bah Shem Rynñiaw, said that RTI has shown that the activities of the MLA have become like a family business.
Sawmer didn't score only these two goals but they continued to play hard and didn't allow the Smit players to score, where Diogo A Khriam scored the third goal in the minute. Sawmer SC won 3-0 for 83 points.
Kolasib district has received the highest number of Manipuris (3,481), followed by Aizawl (3,157) and Saitual (2,390).
While waiting for their parents, these children want their parents to come home soon.
Shillong, Jymmang 27 : The Government has directed all its departments to immediately implement the orders and orders of the Supreme Court (SC) and the National Green Tribunal (NGT) regarding the mining industry. and coal mining in this state.
Nongstoiñ, June 23: For decades, the people of Maweit area have been yearning for a good road from Nongstoiñ and last year, the MDA government has achieved it by spending money. for the purpose of improving and cleaning the road and the work has been going on since last month.
Samla Shemphang L.Mawphlang Vice President KSU Central Executive Council will be the Chief Guest and Bah Daniel Khyriem Former President KSU Sengkmie will be the Chief Guest.
“The government will provide subsidy to the people at the price of T.18 per kilo,” said the Joint Director.
She also encouraged the mothers to go to the health centers at the right time to avoid tragic incidents.
The population of Meghalaya has increased...the population of Israel is 9 million and if you die from covid, you will have no more people in these places.
She said that this shows that there will be a risk of power struggle in the future.
Elena, who is still the Wimbledon champion, has qualified for the Women's Tennis Association (WTA) 1000 tournament for the first time.
He said that preparations are also underway to invite the Minister of DONER and all the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States to the tournament.
Speaking to media, KSU President Samla Lambokstawell Marngar said the GEC has handed over to the election committee of the party for the purpose of holding the election on 6th June.
Speaking to reporters, Bah FR Kharkongor said that after the completion of the polling, the total turnout in the state was 85.25%, excluding the Poster Ballots. and if we count the poster ballots and those who voted at home, 85.51% of the poster ballots will be cast on the polling day on 2nd October
“Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God” John 3:3
“At present, I have no intention of joining the BJP or any other political party,” said Bah Bamon.
In a statement issued by the President of the HNYF, Samla Ban Kharnaior, the HNYF said that the HNYF gives its full support to the KSU and to join hands in any program for the benefit of the KSU. Not only the DC but also the SP.
"On 29th November 2022, the state government submitted the blueprint to the HPC during a meeting, which showed the decision to build a multi-storey building in the quarters of Shillong. Municipal Board (SMB) for the relocation of 342 households.
It empowers the poor to improve their livelihoods.
“On the complaint of our people against the Assam Police, in fact they should not be afraid, their behavior (Assam Police) is excessive.
When asked about the appointment of the new Chairperson of the MSCW, the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the Search Committee will comprise members and three Principals of colleges.
“Bah Nongkhlaw said the party will send a letter to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of the Home Department and the SP of the district regarding the incident.
The MOU was signed by the CEM of KHADC, Bah HS Shylla while the Chairman and Managing Director of UCIL was signed by R. Gupta.
They also warned on the need to eliminate the regional and religious differences among the Khasi and to feel united as the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram, Lyngngam and Diko who make up one Jaidbynriew. Khasi is old.
Shillong: U Donlad Shylla, 38, has written indecent words against the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills on his Facebook page. 161(06)2021 U/S 354A (1)(iv)/509 IPC R/w 51(b) DM Act 2005 and passed on
In different districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills, members of the Sengbhalang have evicted all the employees from their offices and ordered the closure of their shops.
He said that at present three companies have applied for license to operate the casino in Jorabad.
The General Secretary of the KSU Lapangap Unit also accused the CEM of saying that at the time of the border dispute between Psiar and Moolaber, Thombor Shiwat had said that not even 10 inches of land is under his jurisdiction. The JHADC should not go to Assam, these public propaganda statements are no longer appropriate in today's society.
According to the Bible, after 1290 days, Jesus will rebuild Mount Zion.
Every nation and every people on this earth has its own stories about the origins, development, deeds and victories of the famous war and, of course, the fall and destruction of they.
There are at least 80 children including boys and girls in this training camp with two coaches and it is a great honor for this training camp to produce players like Wanrihun. to get the opportunity to lead the state.
The questions are, why do they go to kill, what are the reasons, who sends them and why do they obey the killers? On these grounds, it is sufficient to judge by any judge appointed by the Government, because the judge has no right to turn away, only on these matters, all the facts will be found out.
“Instead of two years, we should extend the time for women to 3 years to study M.Phil and give them another 8 years instead of 6 years to do theses,” she said. .
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, has imposed a curfew from 10 pm to 8 pm tomorrow.
Players who register without a vaccination certificate will not be allowed to take part in the tournament.
He said that the district alone cannot ban any food item, but only the government can do so.
You may not have enough uric acid in your body, but you do not have this disease.
Dr Sumit Ray said that patients die within 10 minutes because they do not have oxygen treatment, which is the most important need for those suffering from corona virus. , that they can breathe and breathe freely.
I don't have to come because I don't have a job.
In the first leg, Shillong Lajong beat Gokulam 1-3
The project was funded through the Prime Minister's Development Initiative for North East Region (PM-DevINE) for the fiscal year 2022-2
Shillong: The Chairman of the MPSC, LM Sangma, today launched a book of poetry titled “Ka'TONGni SULRANG” which means “Tune of Heart” written by Truemen M. Sangma. Sangma written in Garo.
Regarding the working methods of the office, it was learned from the residents that there is a foreigner called Tuntun, who has been appointed as Chowkidar.
How to find a team: To find only one number out of 100 numbers is very difficult.
Indeed, in the first half, we passed through the Hill State of Meghalaya.
Daniel 3:22-25.
The Congress party, which is also in the opposition, has given the ticket to Meliam L Hrangchal from Lunglei South Constituency.
The goods are gone, the money is not available, they have to buy from the pla and eventually they have to buy it with a tala or they have to collect it themselves.
Shillong, November 28 : Nongmadan FC have won the trophy after beating Madanheh East A 1-0 in the first leg of the 2013 FIFA World Cup. The final of the Phudmuri Inter Dong Under 12 Football Memorial Cup 2022 was held at the Phudmuri Mini Stadium, Phudmuri on Tuesday.
The two Chief Ministers, Himanta Biswa Sarma, Chief Minister of Assam and Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, have taken steps to fix six sites for the border between Assam and Meghalaya including Cachar, Kamrup Metro. and Kamrup District, Ribhoi and East Jaintia Hills.
Meghalaya has become one of the top tourism destinations in India.
Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said this in reply to a question by the Moderator of the Common Platform, Bah Kyrmen Uriah, who asked about the success of the election campaign this year compared to the previous year. In 2019, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh contested the MP election as a joint candidate.
The police should also be vigilant to search and arrest such people who are suspected to belong to the group.
Nongstoiñ: The State Bank of India Nongstoiñ Branch (SBI) has failed to provide ATM machines to the residents of Nongstoiñ area. They have to wait for hours just to get money and other necessities.
Hosea's love for Gomer and from an incident in his personal life Hosea saw and depicted the God of love and gave God a new name as the God of Love: The marriage between Hosea and Gomer, the daughter of Dibliam, one of the most prominent merchants in the kingdom of Israel.
“The issuance of trading license by the Council has been a subject of controversy in various courts including the Supreme Court,” said the working president of the UDP. the khadar by appointing village courts in each village to hear minor cases.
This time since the nomination day, there were very few people who came to accompany the candidates, but there were only a few candidates who led the crowd and compared to previous years it is very different.
Youphi Khriem scored in the 10th minute, Namphang Sumer in the 38th minute, Dipok Chetri in the 45th and 52nd minutes.
Accusing the VPP of being political and dramatic, Sangma warned that the Supreme Court is still looking into the situation if this continues. fire and burn everyone, including the VPP. It will destroy the future of our youth.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The daughter of the Chowkidar of the Shillong Bar Association, Bhola Yadav, was the first to see the fire on Saturday night at 10.15 pm.
How much more, if the witness comes from a man who is in the flesh!
During the visit, it was said that many of the people who wanted to withdraw money had already bought the slip at the price of T.
Perhaps, a few of those protests have stopped here and there, but the illegal settlement and the influx of mynder has not ended yet.
She also urged them to immediately inform the police when they receive phone calls or SMS, including the phone numbers of the senders.
“Dr Fenela is a well educated and prominent person and therefore she will be a great opportunity for the party.
On the night of the 7th of this month, a vehicle was set on fire at Laitumkhrah Police Station after an alleged clash between two groups in Laitumkhrah area.
Khliehriat Lber 12:Thousands of Christians from seven presbyteries and neighboring presbyteries attended the 27th Biateram Presbyterian Church Synod, held at Muallian, East Jaintia Hills. Hills District, which started on Tuesday, the theme of the service was from the book of Janah, chapter 1 verse 6 “Arise and pray unto thy God...”Speakers who spoke At 10.30 pm on Sunday, Rev Nunmoia Ngamlai was ordained and honoured. The service was conducted by the Moderator of the Biateram Presbyterian Church Synod, Rev Samuel Saithwai and the ordination was conducted by Rev DC Haia. The choir of the KVP Saipung Bial and the Synod Zaipol also gave the sermon.
He said that the Congress has no future in the state or in the central government.
At a BJP meeting in Bhopal, Thakur advised those present to drink cow's milk and said they should drink cow's milk. , which is the village cow, because it destroys the disease that affects the tor.
Speaking at the meeting, Dr. Sangma congratulated Bah Pradip Kurbah and his team for winning the National Award for the Khasi film 'Ri' and hoped that this victory will be as a call to the youth to turn to this film industry for the benefit of the states.
“I am pleased to say that this is only the biggest nonsense of this century,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
On the other hand, he requested the Government to turn its attention to them, as this is the task of improving the society and especially the culture of the Christians.
It may be recalled that on Tuesday last month, the market residents suddenly turned up at the KHADC to protest against the demand for the removal of Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit from the post of CEM.
The Congress has 22 MLAs from Garo Hills who have worked hard to win the Congress candidate.
"This behavior is not only a detriment to the Athletic Track but also an obstacle to the dreams of children, which also shows a lack of responsibility for the benefit of the community," said added the statement.
“The NPP has grown stronger in the past five years while other political parties have grown weaker, which shows the trust of the people in the party.
The Sub Divisional Officer of Patharkhmah Civil Sub Division said that on the occasion of the National Voter's Day, EPICs were also distributed to those youths who have registered to vote. They have reached the age of 18 years as stipulated by the Government to have the right to vote.
In the ancient Khasi custom, the education of the children was always around the lyngwiar dpei, and then the kur ki kha also taught and praised their children.
At the same time, filmmakers and producers as well as actors need support from the government.
What happened in Mukroh is very sad and should not happen again in the future.
In the match, according to the scheduled time, the match ended without any goal.
On Friday night, a clash broke out between the people and the Border Security Force (BSF) troops which resulted in the opening of the army's house.
U Bah Metbah, who is contesting against the Congress candidate, said that in the past, many national parties have deceived him. to join them and added that he rejected the offer and decided to join one party and its foundation to protect his own nation.
“We request all the people of the country to wait for a while until we complete this meeting with the Nongsynshar Shnong,” said Bah Ardent.
The new secretary of the Balen group is Boneyfast Rymbai, one of the transport officers.
“Due to the lack of funds to implement these projects and due to the high cost and the time taken by various companies to implement them, the Cabinet has decided to terminate the all these two power projects,” said the Prime Minister.
Also present at the Christmas celebration were Bah Cornelius Laloo, one of the senior journalists from Ri-Bhoi, Bah Robert June Kharjahrin, former leader of the HYC who is also the candidate for the election. MP Samuel Kurbah, President TULBA Eastern Zone, Samla Tyngshaiñ Makri President TULBA Eastern Zone, Samla Isynei Hinge President TULBA Eastern Zone and other elders and village leaders.
Therefore whatsoever thou wilt do, do it now.
He is the one who does all things.
According to the letter, Meghalaya is preparing for the National Games in 2022 for 1 year and 10 months.
Speaking on the occasion, the MLA said that as a leader and as a minister, he will take responsibility to meet with the police chiefs in the presence of the leaders of the Association to find ways and means. to overcome the problems they face in their livelihood.
Therefore, regarding these tax collection points, the Dorbar Shnong has already sent a letter to the DC of Ri Bhoi, but nothing has been done so far, he added.
Surprisingly, the report on Shillong claims that the water supply is 100 out of 100 clean despite the pollution of the Umkhrah and Umshyrpi rivers.
The Cabinet also amended the OM issued in 1974 regarding the vacancies reserved for Garo, from now on, vacancies for Garo will be filled. Only the Garo people living in the state.
This is the fourth time that KSU War Jaintia has honored the students who have succeeded in their studies in Amlarem Sub Division.
The Women's league will be played in a single league format of 30 minutes in the first half and 30 minutes in the second half.
The Nongpluh shall exercise the powers conferred on him and shall exercise the functions assigned to him under this Act and shall operate from the date of commencement until specified in the Right to Information (RTI). Act,2005′′.
Jaish said the bombing was carried out by Adil Ahmad Dar of Pulwama, who joined Jaish in
Nongpoh: The Gau Gyan Foundation, which was temporarily closed after a clash with a foreign group, has reopened its market in Baridua, Ri Bhoi District today. The Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, Kong RM Kurbah, has sent a letter authorizing the reopening of the Masi Market.
He was arrested from his hiding place near Samanda.
Bollywood actors and actresses, including Synsharlang Nongkynrih and Inrishisha Rani, took part in the song.
Replying to a question in the Legislative Assembly, the Minister said that the issue of closing down the MCCL in Sohra is still under thorough consideration by the government.
In Meghalaya, we must not forget that the Congress is the mother of the elders who has loved and protected the authorities and votes for the authorities every election.
The hearing was attended by Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, Justice Sanjib Banerjee.
There are about 70,000 Nepalis in Meghalaya.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today said that the people of Meghalaya should not worry about the stock of food items in the state. .
Mawkyrwat, March 11: U Bah Pius Marweiñ, Leader of Ranikor Constituency, has launched a book entitled, “Nongkynbah Village and the Khadar Constitution”. This was announced by Bah GB Bung Snaitang who is also the Minister of Nongkynbah Village.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 23: With the aim of reviving the customs and traditions of the Hima Khad-Ar Lyngdoh, today announced that it will hold a 'Traditional Festival' on the 27th & 28th of this month at Pahamsyiem Square, Ri Bhoi District.
“There are those who have asked why Bah Ransom didn't come, they said that the NPP has left. On the 11th I sent a letter saying that I can't come because there is a program at the church here in Mawkhar. " said Mr. Ransom.
Members of the Youth Club also participated in the online ZOOM Advance Christmas which was attended by members and supporters of NESFAS from all over the world.
He said that MSSASA has taken its slogan on this Teachers' Day, “Stand up for the teachers” which means to support the teachers in their work to protect and promote their rights.
If the Governor elects the oldest member, he will have to elect Bah MS Nongrem, who is the Lamphang, who has recently stepped down from the Congress party. Bah Teinwell Dkhar, another MDC, who is older and from the UDP, will have to elect a member who has been the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Teilinia Thangkhiew, who was the Speaker of the House in 2014-15, before she was appointed by MS Nongrem, from the Congress.
What is Sunday or God's day?
In the second match of the Under-14 category, RC Eve's Secondary School beat North Liberty 2-1 goals. Stevenson Pasleiñ scored the second goal for RC Eve's Secondary School. Mewansuk Myrten scored the first goal in the 12th minute and Markatjuh Shylla scored the first goal for North Liberty in the 25th minute.
Regarding food and drink, she said that they drink only water and eat only a little to strengthen their bodies, but until now their bodies have not become stronger and have become weaker and weaker. Furthermore, that the children of the hands, there are no more to look after them, and they are left to the people to look after them.
He said that food items are the priority areas of the Government to ensure that the people should not be deceived as they are the daily necessities.
Police have seized 3 golden tins of heroin, 100 bottles of jyrhoh, injection thyrnia and kynja.
“This will affect the economic growth of Meghalaya and even other schemes implemented by the state government will be affected due to the lack of funds,” said the AICC chief. This area has been involved and even from the NEC.
He also questioned how the KHADC has erected the statue of JJM Nichols Roy, who is said to be the father of the Sixth Schedule, in front of the office when he is not a Khasi. His mother was Rimai Syiemlieh, a descendant of King Tirot Singh, King of Nongkhlaw.
Mihsalan Suchiang is over 79 years old.
On 30th June 2021, India became the first country to report more than 4,00,000 new cases of Covid-19 in a single day.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, two women who sell Sohtrun near Shang Bangla, said that they sell about 15 kurs a day, which means 300 pieces a day, when asked how much the price of Sohtrun is. They said that the price of Sohtrun is T.350 per coin and the price of Sohtrun is T.350 per coin. and one of them has T.300 tyngka per month, said the longkmie.
After not receiving the explanation from the members of the committee, the students suddenly left the meeting, shouting, “Without ILP, we will not rest and threw the Bill in front of the members of the committee. committee.
Finally, I would like to advise us not to waste love because love has a promise with God that we will live well and live long in this world if we know how to respect and appreciate love.
Shillong: Former MLA of Mawsynram constituency, Bah Himalayan Muktan Shangpliang, on Friday announced that he will join the BJP. The National People's Party (NPP) is the party that leads the state government.
If the court had accepted from the beginning the government's proposal to implement it from now on, there would have been no difference. and at such times it is necessary for the women to give their opinion on this issue.
However, in front of the Government of India or other nations, I don't see that the leaders who have been elected by the people are willing to shout or raise their voices when there is a persecution of us as a nation by foreign powers. If in these cases, the snap is not counted as the original snap, the snappaka, or the new snap, the source of the Khun Hynniewtrep and especially the threat to the arrival of the northern forces whether from northern India or Bangladesh.
The game became even more exciting with the support of the public, including from parents, youth men and women to children who came from all over the country.
This practice causes pollution and destruction of the living organisms in water bodies, rivers and deteriorates the surrounding environment and also creates insecurity for the health of the residents.
This is so that students in classes IX to XII can come to schools to seek assistance from teachers regarding their studies.
“What he accused Bah George of lying in the House is wrong because he is the liar,” he said.
The assassination of Richard Bedingfield was so swift that Philip Burlton, another officer, could not protect or do anything but gathered some soldiers from the ground floor of the houses and suddenly they were able to repel the attack. suddenly the Khasi people.
Prof SS Majaw also delivered a speech on the celebration of the Paila Jubilee.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP Working President and MPF spokesperson Paul Lyngdoh, MLA from Shillong West Constituency, said.
Treasurer: Junemon Paswet.
Sometimes hospitals charge too much.
In a statement sent by Lamphrang Nongbri President, KHNAM invites all its supporters to attend the meeting. Jaiaw constituency will explain the principles and objectives of the party. Also present on the occasion will be Bah PT Sawkmie, candidate from Mawlai constituency, Bah JB Basawiamoit MDC Mawkhar and senior leaders of the party. .
They include NPP Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh, Congress MLA and Opposition Leader Ronnie V Lyngdoh, AITC President and Nongthymmai MLA. Charles Pyngrope, BJP MLA from Pynthorumkhrah, AL Hek, VPP MLA from North Shillong, Adelbert Nongrum and others.
Former Mylliem MLA, who is also the advisor to the Chief Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling, said that there are MLAs who refuse to help the people when they are sick, but he asks the question of 50 lakh. The government has not allocated any MLA for 10 years.
, it was very clear that the family is “the way of being of the Church”.
Deputy Secretary (Elaka Admn.) Khasi Hills District Council, Shillong.
The most important health-promoting micronutrients are those that we can get from plants and fish.
Speaking after his election as the new Executive Committee, Thombor urged all the MDCs to cooperate with him in order to bring about development in the district without hesitation. shilliang to any of the constituencies.
Solicitor General Tushar Mehta, who negotiated with the CM, said, “There have been many things that have happened...the incident in Pulwama happened in early 2019 and this has brought to mind thinking for the maintenance of peace, and many issues related to the security of the country.
The weather conditions have revealed many damage to the buildings of the state, which is most evident in the collapse of the dome, among other incidents.
“On the other hand, the government will follow up on all these issues so that the intention will be that as he has already announced, this training program will be supported, spent and done by themselves. It will be one of the best schools in the South West Khasi Hills District.
The workshop will be held from the 22nd to the 26th of June.
The SSSS led by Samla Kitbor Suting as Chairman made this request on Tuesday, after the leaders met with the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid. Sing King.
“The accusations and insults among the people of the state these days are not against other political parties who have joined hands to support the NPP to form a new government.
how to pay salary if you don't have production.
The Khasi believes that when suffering comes to the family, he looks for the reason why it happens whether it is for the sake of the family or for any other reason.
“We should not think that we are bringing this law for malicious purposes but it is time for such a law to correct our mistake as legislators”.
Not only this, there are many other problems that we cannot solve whether it is illness, suffering or injury. 7 mer chess has been closed in the block, you can tell why not bring an ambulance with siren, but please know the villages that pass through this road most of them are villagers we will wait until When the ambulance arrived at the place where there was no one, who didn't know what happened? There are many problems that we face without a proper road.
The Cabinet of Ministers of Meghalaya has decided to cancel the Cabinet Decision of 2009 to approve the lease of 422 hectares of land in Domiasiat and Mawthabah of South West Khasi Hills to UCIL for pre-mining activities in the area and it was also seen through reports that UCIL has temporarily closed its office since April 2018, but as the union can not trust. The government and UCIL have been misleading the people of the state by saying that they have not touched the uranium but they have not done anything. UCIL from Shillong to other states and countries.
There will also be 1000 euros for the gold medal winners, 500 euros for the silver medal winners and 250 euros for the bronze medal winners in the Indian Overall and Indian Team.
Therefore, we will continue to fight as a party and we must be able to eradicate this kilo cut.
At the same time, it was said that the government should have released 5 percent of the funds allocated for the construction of the meat processing plant.
We have also fought against the illegal kilo cutting of farmers' products, although this issue has not yet been won, but our struggle has brought benefits for the farmers. some farmers who dared to speak the truth that the King had issued a decree that no more kilos would be cut.
However, there are other projects which the people also oppose and do not work to cooperate with the Government.
Speaking at a meeting of the UDP Mylliem recently at Lawsohtun, the UDP leader said, “If you as the people are strong in mind, I believe that we can develop the Khadar governance and society and also to rise and fall together and not to rise only a few like the rich who want to rule the state.
Shillong: The All Garo Hills Joint Action Committee (AGHJAC) will hold a sit-in in front of the office of the Deputy Commissioner, West Garo Hills in Tura tomorrow. of their opposition to the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB).
l The Second Phase of the Shillong Tech Park will be constructed at a cost of Rs 121 crore and will employ about 20,000 people.
At this time, the Union Minister has assured us that the CAB will be implemented in Meghalaya,” he said.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, on Tuesday decided to close down the RB Collection Store at GS Road, Shillong, due to the confirmation of a positive case of Covid-1
There they sacrificed or offered sacrifices to God like their ancestors for three and a half years (3 1⁄2 years).
The synsar harvest since last year is still in the fields.
From that time on, the miaw will not eat any more.
The most interesting thing is that even if there are those who have not yet joined the party congress but have decided that they will not support the candidate nominated by the party congress but they will give their full support. for Mr. James.
In fact, there was a strong opposition from the UDP members to the ticket of Bah Firstforce Deki Ramsiej.
“At the same time, we have to serve the people and the people love and respect you,” he said.
The Modi government has declared Good Governance Day on Christmas Day in honor of Atal Behari Vajpayee. special of them.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the producer and director of the film, Commander Shangpliang, said that the screening started at 1 pm today and will continue tomorrow at 1 pm. but after the curfew, all 5 shows will begin.
Shillong: The heavy rains which continued today, have caused heavy damage across the Khasi Jaintia Hills and across the state as well.
God also gave a strict law to man.
“No one has come to meet me and it would be better if you ask them,” said Bah Tynsong.
These include EGH: 1, EJH: 5, EKH: 114, NGH: 1, RBD: 26, SWKH: 6, WGH: 4, WJH: 10 and WKH:
Shillong: The new Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma has sent a message to the United Liberation Front of Asom (ULFA-1) to end the violence and maintain peace.
Police have registered a case against the suspects.
Shillong, Jymmang 20: The Union of Hima Chiefs, on Tuesday held a meeting with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma, on 9th June 2014, regarding the issue of smuggling of dulir khynew. , from the offices of the King, Priest, Sirdar, Dolloi and Nokma.
He strongly criticized the BJP for discriminating against different religions in different parts of India.
Expressing his confidence in achieving this target, Conrad said, “We hope that this is the working season and we will be able to achieve the target of 1.40 lakh rupees. “If this happens, it will be a great victory for the Department and the Government as a whole and the beneficiaries of the scheme will get these houses”.
The mock drill was conducted at MUDA, Shopping Complex, MTC Building, Petrol Pump at Jail Road and Civil Hospital Shillong.
The three largest markets in the border villages of South West Khasi Hills District and Bangladesh are Balat Market, Photkroh Market and Nongjri Market.
However, the problem for the ethnic parties is that there is too much desire for leadership.
“However, you know that the MoU signed by the two Chief Ministers of these two states will not be implemented if the central government does not take action to resolve the border issue. it is the responsibility of the Central Government.
However, he said that other commodities such as flour, umphniang bam, medium rice remain the same as they have been taxed in the past as the GST is now 5%.
Shillong, June 19: “The predictions of Bah DD Lapang that the Congress will win peacefully and come to power again in 2018 are just childish talk,” said Bah David Kharsati General Secretary of the BJP. Speak to Rupang today.
On this day, MEPA reaffirms its commitment to serve the people and fight for the freedom of the media in the state and to regain the dignity that has been taken away.
“Therefore, we have tried to ask the Government how to resolve this issue.
After his death, Nongstoiñ still has a leader who won the mid-term election in place of (L) Hoipingstone, Diostraness Jyndiang.
The Seng Samla Malki strongly condemns the violence of these robbers who shot dead the 52-year-old man. The Malki Youth Wing strongly condemned these employees of the vehicle.
The group congratulated the band for this inspiring song.
The District Veterinary Officers and RRTs will ensure that those who live in the Infected Zones follow the rules and regulations.
Police have filed a complaint against two unidentified persons in connection with the shooting incident, according to Major Ashutosh Shukla, one of the witnesses.
Before leaving for Malidor, she laid flowers at the statue of Woh Kiang Nangbah at Khliehriat to commemorate the 158th death anniversary of the hero of Jaintia Hills.
Shillong: After seeing many complaints from the public regarding the number of positive cases in the state; On the other hand, the DHS of the State, Dr. Aman War, said that it is a misunderstanding and misleading to the public and on the allegation that the health department has revealed many positive cases, just to get A lot of money from the central government is not true and all this is just a lie and a thank you story just to defame the government and the health department especially the health workers.
The suspect was identified as 59-year-old Milendro Momin.
In fact, I wanted to marry her as soon as we first met,” said Shah.
On the same day, the Minister informed that the DREAM project has started in Shillong, and will soon start in Jowai and so on. The implementation of this program in other areas is ongoing.
After this, the police have conducted a thorough investigation into the incident.
The Taliban has strongly condemned the attack, which targeted schoolchildren and civilians, and denied any involvement.
If you think carefully, this statement is only from your own experience and not from others.
“In the past few days, we have seen that there are two types of police in our state.
Now, as far as I know, we who live abroad are still very many.
The JYF has requested the government and the leaders of the area to take action to repair the roads in the War area so that the people can travel safely.
It was also seen that in Mawprem, police are standing patrol on the higher hills to ensure that the Republic Day celebration tomorrow will go smoothly.
Congress MLA from Mawhati, Bah Charles Marngar, who asked whether the government intends to review the allocation of funds released from the scheme according to the constituencies.
Shillong: Maxi Cabs, carrying heavy goods, will not be able to travel from Lower Lachummiere to Dhankheti, as these vehicles are slow and disrupt the traffic and endanger the people. “It's a very sharing road,” said a statement from the Shillong Police.
At the same time, he hoped that Sohra would soon become a prominent educational institution as various institutions such as ITI, NIT and Rama Krishna College would soon open.
The Municipal Board, as well as the Deputy Commissioner.
In strong opposition, the owner of the land did not allow the health department to implement the construction of the building.
“The increasing efforts of the North East Frontier Railways to build a railway line in Ri Khasi have angered many churches.
Tympew leaves contain phenolic compounds such as anti-bacterial, anti-mutagenic, antioxidants and anti-proliferative.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 93497 out of which 91759 have recovered and 1578 have died.
“We cannot say, there is a threat from Karbi Anglong by the Khasi-Pnars but to say that we are stealing is not appropriate.
There are no new cases of COVID-19 in South Garo Hills and South West Garo Hills.
I hope that our children, especially those in the city, that we parents will allow our children to learn in household chores, including cooking.
The closure, if decided by the workers, will stop all development works and revenue generation especially the payment of land taxes from across the five districts of Garo Hills.
At the same time, capitalism has destroyed the big businessmen and the rulers.
There have been 83,347 new cases and 1,085 deaths in the past 24 hours.
According to the CCTV cameras installed at the scene, no evidence was seen of anyone planting bombs or doing anything before the blast.
Among the leading candidates who have been fully established in the political arena, the voice of the people has expressed that the leaders like Bah Himalaya M Shangpliang and Bah George B. Lyngdoh have lost their money, perhaps because they have lost their money. He has joined hands with the BJP and TMC which the people of Salonsar have been supporting since the beginning.
He said that there are no problems or obstacles that prevent us from discussing and agreeing on this issue.
Singh, who leads the Inner Manipur Parliamentary constituency, said that after coming to power, the BJP government has taken steps to develop Manipur in many areas.
Shillong, March 28: Two foreigners were seriously injured after they were beaten, stabbed and tied with sticks by youths who took part in a rally against the government. The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) on Thursday held a youth workshop in Shillong.
As a result, clashes broke out between the protesters and police in some parts of the city.
However, he expressed optimism that his government will return to power in 2024.
The Minister in charge of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Bah AL Hek on Tuesday launched 18 milk trucks and milk testing vehicles handed over by the Directorate of Dairy Development through the NPDD to 18 Dairy Cooperative Societies at a meeting held at Central Dairy Campus, Mawiong.
“It is the biggest incident in the last six months.
He urged the people to continue to cooperate with the government in the fight against this disease and at the same time he wished all the citizens of the State and the country who have been infected with this disease to they have a healthy body.
However, Haryana fought hard and turned over all the wickets of Meghalaya and scored only 90 runs.
After being shot and beaten, they were released and these people threatened them not to continue their relationship.
The meeting was also attended by the Magistrates of the border areas of Assam and Meghalaya including A Laskar, Border Magistrate, West Karbi Anglong and Bah B. Langbang, Border Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills.
Speaking to media, Prestone Tynsong said that the statement of the VPP leaders on the government's decision is just a political move without any truth.
It is worth mentioning that the failure of the rynsan pete kai, is due to the fact that the trees that were inside the rynsan have collapsed, due to the crowd of people and the rynsied in the rynsied. Mawlai Sports Club scored the third goal against Ryntih Sports Club.
The incident occurred at the shop owner Artimai L Nongbri.
“Because there have been changes in the way of working and the fact is that it was needed at that time and when the Meghalaya Civil Task Force was formed it was different from today's world. The task force is no longer necessary as all the employees of various departments have fulfilled all the requirements and they have all been able to retire or take VRS,” he said.
As soon as he saw Bah Lait coming home, Maheh understood that the matter was urgent.
Nehlang scored the third goal in the 90+1 minute to secure the victory and a place in the semifinals.
At present, NEHU has 158 vacancies including Assistant Professor, Associate Professor and Professor.
Many of these MLAs who joined the NPP say that other governments in 50 years have not done it, but this NPP has done it as a border and others,” he said.
With this victory, the two are now well prepared to take part in the Asia's Largest Health Sports and Fitness Competition to be held in New Delhi from the 16th to the 18th. July 23, 2023.
On this basis, the Sengbhalang, as well as the transporters and traders of syiar have requested the district authorities to take action against the presence of exploiters who want to make money by collecting money from them. Meghalaya is the largest city in the country.
Speaking on the occasion, JM Pohsngap said that this year's theme “Only One Earth” is the central theme of the World Environment Day celebrations in 1972 and the reintroduction of this central issue may be the vision of environmentalists.
In addition, the Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Timothy D. Shira, will inaugurate the Lai Rong in Sohra, MLA Lahkmen Rymbui in Amlarem, MLA Sanjay A Sangma in Dadenggre, MLA Gavin Mylliem in Pynursla. Sengchim N Sangma in Chokpot, Limison D Sangma in Raksamgre, Methodius Dkhar in Mawshynrut, Pius Marweiñ in Ranikor, Sosthenes Sohtun in Patharkhmah, Jim Sangma in Rongjeng, Ian Botham K Sangma in Jengjal and MLA Brening A Sangma in Dalu.
The demand of the Government is to improve the quality of education according to the needs of the future generations so that it will not darken the future generations especially for the poor who deserve it. knowledge without using it as a treasure that is needed by all.
The Minister said that the pressure to pay the loan came from companies like NTPC, NEEPCO, PFC, PGCIL and others which sent them to pay within six months. MeECL has been suspended for 15 years, but through the hard work and monitoring of MeECL officers, the department has been able to pay 50% and hopes to pay in full.
Touchline NE Cubs and JNS Jaguars won in the U-9, U-11 and U-12 categories while the Cubs also won in the U-7 categories.
Shylla said that the face of Bah Nongrang is one that has a strong character and strong character.
Members of the AFI will arrive in the city at the end of the month.
When asked about the main issues of the talks with the HNLC, Conrad said, “Let the talks start with the ksiang on both sides, that is, on the part of the HNLC and the Government. the issues that should be put forward to conduct the peace talks.
The deceased were identified as Crystal Gayle Kharnaior, 23, daughter of famous Shillong painter Rapheal Warjri, resident of Mawlai Nongkwar Block V; 50 years old and another taxi driver Hubert Swer, 35 years old.
Shillong: After testing 40 fish, about 30 samples were found to have been injected with formalin, according to the Assistant Food Analyst of the Government of Meghalaya. , according to information SFTL/XW/2023-24/283 on 6th July 2023 and said, that this is a strong poison and dangerous to health.
Shillong, March 29: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Friday approved the Rules of Procedure of the Federation of Traditional Dorbars (FOTD) to strengthen and empower the FTD to prevent the attempted robbery. the power of the old systems.
“Until now, the state government has not released this money although the Executive Committee has met with the Chief Minister who has promised to release this money.
Russian news agency RIA Novosti reported that Ukrainian troops used blood as a symbol of demon worship.
The driver was identified as Jaswant Singh, 40 and the passenger was identified as Sanju Kumar Singh, 28, both from Jammu and Kashmir. .
JOWAI: The meeting convened by the Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum (JARF) with the seven MLAs of Jaintia Hills has failed as not a single MLA attended the meeting. at Orchid Inn, Mukhla Thadlaskeiñ on Thursday.
There was also a voice from the NPP leaders, who said that if the NPP comes to power after the 2018 elections, Dr Mukul Sangma will be the first Prime Minister to be arrested and imprisoned for his corrupt activities within the state.
He was also a respectable man and I became more and more stingy.
Ms Ampareen said that she is heartbroken when she sees people with disabilities and it is time for everyone to join hands to ensure that justice is given to people with disabilities.
Referring to the Government officials from Delhi who came to campaign in the state, she said, “Who would dare to stand there anymore because even the guards are terrible, and just to get near them is difficult. .
The office bearers should be MLAs/MDCs but the party workers who lead the party are not counted as human beings.
According to the residents of Mawkliaw village who went to the scene after the incident, the earthquake swept away the house and the people inside the Wah Umrew. known as 'Syrphin'
He also urged the youth to take responsibility for their own jobs as the Government can no longer provide jobs to the youth and the Government itself encourages to take steps to create opportunities for the youth. to make proper use of what they have received through the training, to be polite, orderly and not to be selfish.
The Director of NEIGRIHMS, Nalin Mehta, said that the two have escaped and are expected to be released soon.
Shillong: Out of the 200 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 126 cases have been confirmed, of which 40 cases are from the Armed Forces, 4 cases are from health workers and 38 cases from cases from Golflink cluster, 4 cases from Goraline cluster, 3 cases from Jaiaw cluster, 1 case from Jail Road cluster, 4 cases from Laban cluster, 3 cases from Lummawbah cluster, 8 cases from Madanryting cluster, 2 cases from One from Mawkhar Cluster, one from Oakland Cluster, three policemen, four from Khyndailad Cluster, one from Pynthorumkhrah Cluster, four from Rilbong Cluster, one from Rynjah Cluster and one from Umlyngka Cluster.
We need to know where there is a mistake in this famous school in the state, Pine Mount Shillong.
The visit of Mahua Moitra, MP from the TMC party, was part of the campaign to seek the support of the people for the TMC candidate from Mawkyrwat Constituency, Bah Sounder S. Cajee.
It is very interesting to learn about this.
The color of the youth of the country in the daily colors and trying to forget the native language has become increasingly valuable in front of the world, this has been witnessed in the market, on the streets. , and not just in front of the house.
He said that Aspire Meghalaya is a platform to showcase talent, accept oneself and build oneself through training and guidance and at present, the fruits of this program cannot be seen but in the next 10 years.
Worship in spirit and truth, these words that Jesus spoke to the Samaritan woman, Jesus said – God is a Spirit and those who worship Him must worship Him in spirit and in truth.
But this is only a dream, for the God of Israel has said – “If these statutes depart from before me, saith the LORD, then shall the seed of Israel also perish from being a nation in the land of Israel. My face is in my hands.
These include West Garo Hills 3, East Khasi Hills 4, North Garo Hills 1, Ri Bhoi 2, South West Garo Hills 2, West Jaintia Hills 3, Eastern West Khasi Hills 1, East Jaintia Hills 2 and South West Khasi Hills
These are the things I take that help shape my life.
Four women who died in the incident include Balarihun Kharkongor, Gracefully Nongbri, Banteibha Bina and Shantilang Nongbri while Korbar Singh Kharumnuid died on the way to the hospital. Police are conducting a search operation for the driver of the truck who fled the scene.
Shillong, July 9: Supporters of HDR Lyngdoh MLA Sohiong and Minister of State for Home Affairs today held a meeting in Sohiong to discuss what to do on the demand of various groups that HDR should be appointed. he was appointed as a government minister.
The Director of Social Welfare, Kong CD Lyngwa, said that the Government department has worked hard to ensure the welfare and rights of the children.
He said that during self-reflection, it is also necessary to think about living together responsibly.
Another problem that has added to the traffic jam in Shillong is the illegal driving.
In connection with this incident, the EJNC Sumer Circle through its President Sikilan Chyrmang has demanded that the law enforcement authorities should arrest and punish severely according to the law the suspect.
“He said that there are other parties that create ethnic differences.
However, before the end of the first half, Banteilut Langstang scored the first goal in the 90+3 minutes.
The Seng suggests that the schemes signed by the MLA, Organization without name or seal and signed by the BDO without the knowledge of the village, are not beneficial to the people or the villages. , said Bah Rynniaw.
Samla Hazel Wahlang, Person Counselor of the NGO, said that the union has a goal to provide free health care from children to the elderly.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Meghalaya on Monday said that Meghalaya has done well in the last three years in education, surpassing even Kerala. there was a great increase in literacy in the country.
In India, the sohtrun does not have any insects that damage it.
However, the raid could not continue, as it was stopped by the police and magistrates of Ri Bhoi.
If there is anything that bothers her, she writes it on a piece of paper and puts it inside the box.
During these days, Tata Motors employees will talk to the customers as well as the owners to inform them about the various services offered by the company for the convenience of the customers.
The NPP will form the Government.
In Madhya Pradesh, it has been in power for three terms and should have been rested.
In the tennis category, 12 players participated in the tournament. Wanpynskhem Mawroh won the title while Amit Ram won the title.
During the tenure of Mukul Sangma in 2010-18, there were many cases of corruption in the health department which shocked the state.
They walk upstairs or set themselves up in the bedroom.
The KSU demands that the government should stop making promises and provide immediate assistance to the victims, said a statement from Bah Daniel Khyriem, President, Khasi Students' Union.
“In Delhi, the AAP-ruled government has released subsidy for electricity and water which has helped the people to escape the cost of water,” they said. the way AAP works is not in the leaders but the responsibility of the individual citizens.
There are 115 Community Quarantine Centres. 53 in Thadlaskein Block, 28 in Laskein Block, 23 in Amlarem Block and 11 in Jowai.
Pala said the failure of the BJP in Assam is due to their false promises to the minorities and this promise has not reached the minorities. They had confidence in the BJP party, but later they found that it was just a false promise and a betrayal and this is the reason why the BJP has lost confidence in Assam.
Not only to improve the education of the school, parents have to pay T.150 per month to help the management of the school to continue to improve the school. so that the children of this area can gain knowledge.
The semifinal of the Pre-Invitation Football Tournament 2021 organized by the Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) will start tomorrow between Skhenpyrsit and Pdengkarong YC. mini stadium Lad Chaplem, Amlarem.
Bynta -2The months passed, the months came, and the Lyur Aiom came to the Synrai.
The draw means that all of them will have to share 10 points from today's match.
He said that there are still many jobs that the youth have to take responsibility for the safety and security of the people in this district, but for now the party will only expose them. There are some issues that the party will continue to pursue and as a party it will not be a party that is only for selfish gain, but will work hard for the cause of the people especially. for the people of Ri Bhoi, he added.
The curfew in Tura will be in force from 9 pm to 5 pm and it is prohibited to stop or block government vehicles or government vehicles.
The FKJGP has also demanded that if the management of ICICI Lombard which should pay the expenses of the patients cannot provide it, it should give it to other banks.
The Lok Ayukta Act has been recognized since 2014 by the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya but has come into force only since 2019 when the Governor of Meghalaya has made it binding through a notice in the press. government (Meghalaya Gazette).
The decision on the proposal to provide assistance to the farmers who have not yet received assistance was taken during the Cabinet meeting in the state held on July 13, 2013, he said. statement.
“The KHADC will authorize the Dorbar Shnongs to submit a report on the quarantine facilities in the villages run by the Dorbar Shnongs for the purpose of receiving financial assistance from the KHADC,” he said. added Titosstarwell Chyne.
Earlier, Dr. Kharlukhi said that as an MP of the Rajya Sabha, he had already spoken in the House for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule.
"We are here to appeal for peace, to restore harmony and to end all violence," Manners told the media.
The chief guest, Sniawbhalang Dhar, praised the Principal of the school, Babu Richard, who has become a teacher from an engineer to provide the best education in Jaintia Hills.
The party led by Aiban Shan Syngkli President and Dapkupar Nongrum General Secretary met with I Diengdoh who is in charge of Umsning constituency.
Speaking to media, KSU Mawlai Circle President Bah Rapbor Nongrum said that the purpose of the meeting was to raise the demand of the Sur of Mawlai Circle. It is the trial of the murder of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
Therefore, brothers and sisters, let us open our houses.
The Jaliyiah and Pamrakmai Dorbar Shnongs have expressed their gratitude to their leaders including Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Lomris Lyngdoh, MDC Muthlong Sohkymphor and Monwanmi Dkhar for helping the people especially the families. There is no need to get food and drink during this time of lockdown in the fight against COVID-1
To the east it borders the Rambrai and Myriaw Hima and to the northwest it borders the Nongstoin Hima.
Before the match, Langsning have 7 points and Malki have 4 points, Langsning are in fourth place while Malki are in sixth place.
Shillong, July : This is the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Knowledge Market in Shillong, one of the six cities of the North East besides Bangladesh and Bhutan. .
Nongtnger said that on the 15th of this month, Mawngap Police Station received a complaint that a motorcycle ML05-P-6045 was stolen from Umlympung, 12 Mer, Mylliem and surrounding areas. A case has been registered and investigation is underway.
Other reports said that there are 40 new cases of covid 19 in Rilbong per day.
On the other hand, the EJH Police Chief said that these women who have been released need great assistance and we have entrusted this to the social welfare department.
Speaking to reporters, SR Marak said he has the right to defend himself and explain before the investigation team while the investigation appointed by the Government is ongoing.
Dr Mohrmen said that there is a lot of new information about the struggle of the Pnars against the French in this book.
What we should do :>Electricity consumers should take care not to damage the electrical equipment and earthing signs inside their yards and houses, as they protect the house if there is an electric shock.
Recently, the state government has adopted the New Education Policy (NEP) to reduce the dropout rate of children and the Minister has set up a committee to revise the state education policy in line with the NEP. “More attention will be paid to vocational education from class VIII to class XII, so that those who do not want to go to higher education will not drop out of school, and will be able to stand on their own feet,” said Bah Shangpliang.
Therefore, the decision taken by the leaders of the Sengbhalang today is to stop the collection of money at the Toll Plaza, because as it is now, how can they open the Toll Plaza? Toll Plaza, among many shortcomings.
The child was taken care of by the Child Welfare Committee, Shillong.
The opposition also named their group INDIA. They don't read the whole sentence but they talk only about INDIA and thus this name has been changed to a political issue which he doesn't like. .
The group congratulates Fairson L. Nongbet, M. Lyngdoh, CR Kurbah, BB Lyngdoh, A Lyngdoh, Pynshngain Kurbah, Pynbha Lyngdoh. The venue where they went to ring the song was La Nicholas and these are the resorts.
To prevent the consumption of marijuana, the VDP and the Madankynsaw Village Authority have visited many of the farms where the plant is grown and burnt the plant on Saturday.
However, after investigation, it was said that they were sent from the Governor's Secretariat.
For many years, such an opportunity to replace the Khasi subject with other subjects has declined for many generations, which has now become one of the issues that has started to go through the money. that the word itself has led to the path that has begun to disappear.
The dispute between the MLAs and BJP party office bearers in Meghalaya could lead to a power struggle and misunderstanding if they cannot compromise or understand each other soon.
Heavy rain and cold have affected many villages in Jowai, Mihmyntdu, Sabahmuswang, Khliehtyrshi, Madur, Ummulong Moodymmai and other nearby villages in West Jaintia Hills. Hills.
Khan, the top leader of the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI), has been the subject of several FIRs in recent times. Khan has been running from one court to another because there are many unfounded complaints against him. who had no part in these evil things which were done against him.
Therefore, the throat and the pan of the heart are clean, like a ksew kohnguh, the head is clean.
Margaret won the gold medal by defeating Anna Santos of Brazil in the 60kg category on Tuesday evening.
I will strive to achieve in order to reach the goal of victory.
Poonam Singh's daughter Devani Singh in an interview with the media on Saturday slammed the police's stinginess and failure to arrest her father, even after a complaint was filed by the police. ejaculation.
Therefore, dear people, the vaccine to prevent this virus is in your hands so please take action and drink it if you want to get rid of this disease.
But even in India, cold climates tend to produce more rice.
The NPP became stronger in 2018 (from 2 MLAs in 2013 to 20 MLAs in 2018) and so far the NPP has increased to a majority paid to 22 people after the 2021 mid-term elections.
Shillong: The total number of cases of coronavirus in the state has risen to 603 with 20 new cases.
Regarding the curfew and office blockade, the union has requested the public and government employees to take part in the curfew from 5 pm to 5 pm. evening.
Furthermore, aircraft are often used for activities related to providing services to the community during disasters, natural disasters, transportation of civilians living in difficult to reach areas and also to go and carry those who are dead.
The reason for this is that the mining of coal is not in accordance with the rules laid down by the Ministry of Mines of the Union Government which has issued the rules through the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act. it should be mined only by scientific mining.
Projects by the Border Roads Organization (BRO) include the Nechiphu Tunnel in Arunachal Pradesh, two airports in West Bengal, two heliports, 22 roads and 63 bridges.
Besides the bill light, the residents have to spend more than 100,000 rupees a day and this is unacceptable especially in this time of crisis.
After drinking, Deisy got ready to prepare dinner.
In recent months, the Government has set up a special committee to discuss the roster system in which the leaders of the political parties in the state are members of this committee.
The tender has been scheduled for the 11th and 12th of November and once handed over to the contractor or the company, the order will be issued to demolish the Motphran Bridge.
The issue has become increasingly clear in recent days, when it was reported that the closest supporters of Ma Ymbon, who is the MLA of Raliang, have refused to contest the election again. On the other hand, Ma Ymbon has not said anything in these days, but has urged him to contest from the NPP. These are expected to become clear before the Christmas holidays, which is expected to be a busy time for the MLAs to prepare themselves for which party to join and contest the elections. 2018.
Alicia is one of the leading producers of 'News Today at 9' with Rajdeep Sardesai, for which she has received the ENBA Gold Award.
In a statement, NEHUSU Secretary Samla B Riang said that at 12:15-12:45 pm, some members of ABVP and RSS entered the grounds of NEHUSU without celebrating Holi. bring together the differences of opinion with the celebration of Holi.
It also decided to appoint Siddhesh Kadam as the Secretary of the party.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Waheh Shnong of Maskut, Bah Kyrsiew Kharbihthai, admitted that this area falls under the Maskut District.
“Ka seng has received many complaints from the public regarding illegal activities,” said Kong Dhar.
The office has also donated money for the Children's Home in memory of the founder of Mawphor Newspaper, Bah RM Marweiñ.
Regarding the deterioration of the National Highway in Narpuh, the Rangbah Shnongs, Sengbhalang and the residents of the area have from time to time expressed their concern and urged the government to protest and urge the government. The government has decided to take action to repair this road and it is expected that the repair will start before the rainy season. to the people of the area.
Speaking to reporters in Shillong on Saturday, Kohli said that all the political parties in the NEDA have their own task to work for the development of the party and there is no discussion to contest elections by sharing or working together.
After the first semi final of St. Anthony's College Shillong on 28th July, Seng Khasi College Shillong, St. Edmund's College Shillong and Shillong College qualified today. to the semi final of the Inter College Football Tournament organized by NEHU, Shillong and which was played at the SAI Stadium at the end of NEHU, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : AICC Chairman Pawan Khera on Tuesday said that Dr Mukul Sangma is like Brutus who follows the Congress and will do the same to Mamata Banerjee and her leaders. “I don't want to criticize this man who has now become Brutus, Mamata should have understood who I mean.
In the first phase, 845 submissions were pre-screened. 50% (423 submissions) reached the second phase.
He said that through the opposition of the Secretary of Bakur Village, Bah Donstan Khonglah and the village members, they were able to arrest these six Bangladeshis. sleepless nights in Ladrymbai;  The KSU has expressed its distrust of the BSF and has condemned the BSF. He said that the residents of these areas are suffering from the Khar Bangladeshis. In the past few months, about 50 Bangladeshis have come to intimidate the villagers.
How to recognize Scrub Typhus? First of all, an infected sore appears which can disappear after a few days.
In Jowaui, the event was organized by the management of the Jaintia Hills Unit under the leadership of Pearlet Toi, President Kamnipaia Challam, Art of Living Instructor and other members.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District has declared a public holiday on 27th October 2023 for the occasion of the Seng Khasi Festival.
Shillong: Leaders of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today laid wreaths at the memorial of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh near Shillong Law College, Dhankheti to commemorate the 24th death anniversary of Bah N Lyngdoh. Those who laid the wreaths this morning were Hamlet Dohling, Minister of State, Donald Thabah General Secretary and Lambokstar Marngar, President of the KSU. establish.
He said that he has received support from many quarters from officers of various government departments in the area including the BDO of Pynursla C&RD, SDO (PWD), contractors of the area. “I can't mention all the people who have supported me,” said the youth.
This recognition from SAI will empower them to provide financial assistance and other support.
Jowai, Jymmang 04: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) Southern Riwar Circle on Tuesday 30th June, 2022 swore in various units of the Riwar Circle at a meeting held at the Community Hall of Riwar Circle. to Bakur Local Village Council (Khasi Pnar Dawki).
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The Union Minister of State for Petroleum and Natural Gas, Rameswar Teli today said that through the Indradhanush Gas Grid Ltd (IGGL), a joint venture between Indian Oil, ONGC, GAIL, Oil India, and the Numaligarh Refinery, will be piped to all the states of the North East including Meghalaya.
The Seng also expressed its concern over the presence of Government School teachers who violate the Government Services' Conduct Rules.
The victory at home has left Barcelona with 85 goals in 34 games, 14 more than Real Madrid. They won 1-0 against Gatafe.
This shows that they are not yet competent and there is a lack of transparency in the governance of the country.
It is learned that the talks of the party leaders to resign Dr Don may not succeed as Dr Don is still eager to lead the party.
KHNAM said that the complaint was not only filed by the party, but also the report of the Public Account Committee, which found that the water is not safe to drink. , that there is a need for more equipment to clean the market and that the chemical plant is too small and further, that there are only two water treatment plants out of nine wells.
In a few years there has been another attempt by some of the elders, that is, to introduce characters and to start writing in the local or village languages, what we need to understand here is, what will happen if Which areas or villages will start writing in their own language? How many will read these articles? Instead of writing in the regional or village languages, it is better to introduce the village words into the Khasi written language. For example, the word kieng which means Ladder, Bridge and we will find that even the mawkyndon are called mawjingkieng. , perhaps in these cases we should try to insert the village words to mean the ladder and the bridge by another, how much such an attempt will enrich the Khasi written language.
Umsalait SC tried to turn the tide but managed to score only one goal in the 75th minute through Arnes Marwein.
However, after the elections, the Congress broke its alliance with the AIUDF. In the Lok Sabha elections held in 2019, the BJP won nine seats. Congress from three constituencies, AIUDF and one independent candidate (Naba Kumar Sarania) won from each constituency.
However, when they reached the Assam border, they were arrested by the Assam police and drove them to Mukroh which is the territory of Meghalaya. Assam has used guns to shoot widely which has caused the deaths of these people.
If the central government listens to the demands of other ethnic groups in other states, the region should also listen and implement this Act in Meghalaya so that the ethnic groups can have peace.
On the other hand, Guidingstar Suna scored the first goal for Mukhla Raij SC in the 28th minute. Mukhla Raij SC beat Mynthong 1-0
In Meghalaya, the BJP so far has two MLAs and the coalition government led by the National People's Party (NPP) is an ally of the BJP under the umbrella. The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) has said that the NPP is the only government that has been locked up by the BJP in Delhi.
"According to KSU General Secretary Donald V, Thabah said that the KSU will not refuse to carry a placard during Modi's visit to Shillong as a sign of protest against the absence of The Central Government has rejected the demands of the Seng to present to the Prime Minister of the country due to the lack of opportunity to meet face to face despite his visit to Shillong.
Therefore, I will try to develop this club to bring glory to this area.
On the death of nine people in a house in Lyngiong, Bah Paul said that this could be a murder and therefore the PAC wants to know whether it could be due to torti. of the government department, which killed these nine persons from one household.
, one of the great Americans who fought for the rights of non-white citizens, said, “The absence of rights in any place is a threat to the rights of all the places.
Anjali Shaw and her boyfriend, Bikash Shaw, have killed Anjali's ex-boyfriend, Sandip Kambli, 42, just because they wanted to take pictures. They were shot together on Kambli's mobile phone.
Bah Hainess said that the Seng Khasi stands to preserve the religion, customs and traditions of the people on the basis of 'Tip kur tip kha – tip brief tip Blei' Love yourself and respect others' and such irresponsible actions, of course, have evil intentions behind them and lead to the misguidance of the nation as a whole with the intention of destroying it.
In conclusion, Prime Minister Duh said that he firmly believes that the four Amrit Stambh of Amrit Kaal which are the power of women, the power of youth, the power of jobs agriculture and the strength of the poor of the country will lift India to new heights and transform India into a developed country.
“Even the driver of the vehicle has to evacuate the people while driving because of the traffic jam,” said Bah Paul.
The District Cricket League 2024 of the West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Association (WJHDCA) started with Lion S&YA beating North East Adventist University Cricket Club by eight wickets at Khliehtyrshi Mini Stadium. Stadium haka June 1st.
Mawkyrwat, July 27: The District Sports Officer, Mawkyrwat today inaugurated the International Level Inter-School Football Tournament. Cup Football Tournament 2022 at Pyndenïewlyngdoh Stadium, Nonglang, South West Khasi Hills District.
Mr.Khihlang Shylla (11).
The lack of clarity on the income under the Scheme will affect the revenue collected in previous years which is planned to be released by the Income Tax Department.
Before the curfew, many people lined up to buy kyiad in Delhi and one of them, Dolly, said, “I will buy two bottles of kyiad and there is no injection or no medicine. drink to prevent the spread of corona, is only kyiad.
Besides fining the drivers of these two vehicles, police also removed the lights from the vehicles and seized the VIP light from another vehicle.
Police have taken the deceased to Nongpoh Civil Hospital for post mortem and the investigation is ongoing.
“Because the people living on the border understand that they cannot live with the Assamese, especially when there is no clarity on the allocation of land,” he said.
However, the truth that we cannot say is this, if we blame or talk about the lack of work of the government and these Ministers but for the Garo Hills this government has become a blessing. even.
Shillong, Nailur 20: After the leaders of Mawiong Village alleged that there is a flow of sewage from the Shohdoh into the Umshing River, the residents of Mawiong Village on Tuesday. of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary, Kong Arwaka Laloo said that she together with officers from the Directorate of Dairy Development and leaders of the Meat Producers Association will hold a visit on Friday 22nd November. Visit the Slaughter House in Mawïong.
Recently, in the Budget Session, the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency, Bah Mayralborn Syiem, congratulated the State Government for the allocation of funds for the construction of the stadium.
Jowai, July 16: The Umkor Combined Water Supply Scheme for Darang, Dawki Bakur, Dawki and Tama villages has been filled with diesel, shyiap and turned red due to the mining in Nongtalang area. .
All the 26 students including five males and 18 females received diploma certificates.
He also urged the leaders of the HSPDP, one of the national parties which has been recognized and admitted by the NFNS as a new member, to take action on this issue as other parties like UDP, PDF, VPP, do not They don't want to say anything on this issue and the National Parties don't even want to hear this demand.
Even if we look at these days, we can admit that it is true that there is a shortage of jobs, but we cannot say that there are still many jobs that have to be filled by foreigners.
The Forum calls upon the leaders and rulers of the Central and State Governments to do anything without discrimination against individuals, groups or communities on the basis of religion, group their nationality or religion.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) today announced 15 women players from the state including three players for the BCCI Women's U-19 T20 Trophy.
Among those who joined, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing has been elected as one of the coordinators in the state.
“The students who have passed class VIII have been transferred to class X,” said Bah Lyngkhoi. questions in the exam.
The HSPDP leader said that if he joins any party, he will not join any other party except the BJP. Donbor Malngiang, Vice President of the HSPDP Amlarem Constituency, said that all the supporters of the HSPDP are welcome. He said that the people who love the party in the district are very sorry for the action of the CEC of the HSPDP. Shillong, Naitung 25: The SP of East Khasi Hills, M Kharkhrang, on Tuesday said that if anyone finds or sees Keshav Chettri, 35, please inform the Lumdiengjri Police Station. 0364-2548151, Shillong PCR 0364-2222277, Jhalupara Out Post 0364-2541600 and SI MN Khan
On the other hand, the Chief Minister congratulated the police department for their hard work in maintaining peace.
I couldn't even get up when Long Sutnga called out that he had found Kiang Nangbah.
According to police investigation, these foreigners were day laborers and had fled from Khliehriat, East Jaintia Hills District and were planning to return to Guwahati by hiding in the body of the truck.
Shillong, Nailur, 01: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Thursday vowed to close down banks and ATMs if they fail to identify the land titles issued by the Council. as per the KHAD (Regulation and Administration of Land) Act, 2021.
“All 14 MDCs of the UDA have been steadfast since the failure of the EC because they want a strong EC,” said Pyniaid.
The main function of tree trunks is mainly to absorb water and nutrients for the plant.
This was stated by Bah Adelbert while speaking at the last election campaign held at YMCA Mawkhar on the evening of 24th June
Other speakers on the occasion included DC Ripnar Lyndoh, District Informatics Associate, NICMawkyrwat, Kevin Gordon Chyne, IT Manager, DRDA, Mawkyrwat and KMD Kharshiing, District Nodal Officer, DIW. The Smart Classroom was also inaugurated at Maharam Higher Secondary School, a dance was performed by the students of the Seng Khasi Nonglang and an explanation on Digital India was given by D Marwein.
In the midst of all these efforts, in the end, the image of Pingali Venkayya has struck a chord in the minds of many because it has destroyed the work of the people in India and reduced the number of people. They are not Hindus or Muslims.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 17: Police have arrested Olphaïohtis Lyngdoh Marshillong, 37, for allegedly raping his 12-year-old daughter. .
One month they praise, another month they don't turn away, it's like breaking their own language or custom.
He said that the letter did not contain any reason why the government wants the list of Rangbah Shnongs who are working in the government. Shillong, no other rural areas are mentioned.
“However, as it is once every 50 years, we will do this only on the 21st of this month and we will do it here in the Assembly in order to follow the directives of the Assembly. “In fact, there are many things we want to do on the 21st but for these reasons we have to reduce other programs and take only those that are necessary,” he said.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Nongialam reminded that the loss of income and Lakam in the trade of inheritance to foreigners is also one of the major problems of the nation. The FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit urged the leaders and members of the FKJGP Lai Shnong Area Unit to be the sleepwalkers and guardians to overthrow the authorities who have tried to violate the rights of the indigenous people.
To remove the words “male” and replace them with the words “Khasi Adult Residents” To amend the Executive Dorbar of Mylliem Hima by replacing the rule in which the leaders of the Hima Mylliem shall be present i) Dorbar Raid Ri Them ii iii) Mylliem Youth Union iv) Mylliem Women's Union and v) Nominated Representatives of the Hima.
SDO (Civil) Sohra Civil Sub-Division, Hema Nayak, was the chief guest in the presence of SDPO Sohra, Bah PM Syiem, SDM & HO, Sohra, Dr.G.Swett, Medical. Officer, Regional Blood Centre, Pasteur Institute, Shillong Dr.B.Passah, AD Youth) Meghalaya AIDS Control Society,Shillong, Kong L.Nongpyiur, A.D (Voluntary Blood Donation) Kong L.M.
Jowai: The Jaintia Students Movement (JSM) today at around 11:00 pm closed down the office of the District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills Hills. The reason for the delay in the appointment of teachers in LP Schools and UP Schools as directed by the government.
The Behdeinkhlam festival of the Seinraij Tuber is one of the biggest festivals in Jaintia Hills among the seven Seinraij.
Continuation After breakfast and it was time to go to work, Bahdeng got ready and left Lanosha's house to go to his office.
The Fire Brigade has warned the public not to visit the area while the situation is not sufficient and while they are cleaning and removing the debris from the damaged area.
As part of providing services to the tourists to the places they intend to visit whether near or far, one of the elders of the state, Bah Donboklang Dohling, has launched the The Designated Driver Shillong will provide services to the public by picking them up from their places of residence and dropping them off at places where they intend to go.
Secretary A.C.P.Amlarem Blaock to Bah Gadew Talang.
S. Ramsiej Vice President, S Thongi as Project Secretary and S. Langte as Secretary of the Association.
"I'm sorry," said Riia. "I'm sorry too..." said Linda. "But I'm sorry, Bahnah.
Therefore, it is a great sin to despise or treat them with contempt.
The Government of India has decided to provide three meals a day to 1,500 homeless people in different parts of the country.
Hikers from Punjab, Bihar, Manipur, Mizoram as well as state and villagers from Wahkhen witnessed the expedition.
“You choose the candidate from Shillong West Block and we will confirm it,” he added.
These candidates include Punam Chand Sharma from 37-Goalpara East LAC and Daniel G Momin from 17-Bokajan LAC. The next list will be released soon, NPP spokesperson James Sangma said.
Last month, the contract teachers under the banner of the Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MGLPSCTA) left their protest site to stand at the Secretariat to demand the appointment of They were not able to provide them with enough teachers and it was at this time that the use of tear gas bombs was used to disperse these teachers.
The kingdom of Judah is in trouble because its inhabitants and rulers live by idolatry.
“To avoid accidents, drivers should refrain from drinking alcohol, speeding, remember to observe the guidelines issued by the PWD (Roads) in many places in “There should be no confusion or disturbance to the driver because it will lead to mistakes,” said Bah Nongpluh.
The KHADC intends to hold this festival to raise funds for the Department of Culture and Heritage and also to showcase to the world the wealth of the jaitbynriew.
“It is for this reason that I have decided to resign as Executive Engineer which is a very difficult decision for the sake of continuing my career,” he said. lad newspaper.
“I have given up many jobs in my life and that is to work for one goal and that is to change the lives of the people of the country and that is what we are responsible for until these days. " she said further.
Royal Wahingdoh FC Women's Football match against San Bhalang FC; painting, costume design, music, cinema.
Now we are looking for a cure for this disease.
He said the government has taken measures to improve agriculture, livestock and others.
In a statement today, NPP leader James K Sangma strongly condemned the government of Mukul Sangma for distrusting the expelled members of the ANVC and AN VC (B). They lied that they had signed the soskular, but did nothing to fulfill its promises to provide food and other gifts.
“We have been waiting for 10 months for the ARPA to lead the discussion on this issue, but I feel that we cannot wait because the issue is very important,” said the former CEM of KHADC. He wants to get the voice of many on how to explain to the people about the difference between the old and the new VAB.
However, even if the boundary is drawn, the Government of Assam or the Government of India or any other authority cannot and has no right to violate the right and freedom of the villagers to gather and eat. from products that exist and occur in the wild.
We will still need imported goods but if our farmers can produce more from their fields, it will be a blessing to them and to us all.
“Maharashtra has never taken any road, but Anil Kapoor is expected to become Chief Minister.
Ma Mohrmen was arrested and interrogated for about two hours at Laitumkhrah Police Station and released.
Shillong, March 09 : Two cricket teams from Meghalaya lost in the BCCI tournament on Saturday, the men's team lost the Vinoo Mankad Trophy and the women's team lost the Vinoo Mankad Trophy. They won the Women's U-19 T20 Trophy.
Shillong, November 19: The Ri Academy of Visual Arts, Meghalaya, has organized a visual arts exhibition at ICSSR, NEHU. Frederick Roy Kharkongor.
Depositors in various branches of the Meghalaya Rural Bank (MRB) have complained that their money has been withdrawn from their accounts in the name of Life Insurance without the knowledge of the account owners.
After about fifteen days, the families of these workers began to breathe a sigh of relief, when through videos installed through pipes inserted into the tunnel, the workers were able to speak to the families to tell They have stopped about 260 meters in front of the tunnel.
Therefore, I want to give the same message to all of you who are here.
Shillong, June 9: 92 cows worth T.15 lakh have been seized from a forest in Nongshken under Pynursla PS. .
The team has scored three goals against Mawlai this season.
T.10 lakh has been distributed to the families of the deceased, T.1,000 in two installments to all the displaced persons. money," the governor said.
According to a letter signed by HYC-EJHD President Preios Pale and General Secretary Arky Lamare, the HYC-EJHD has expressed its concern over the situation. The PWD-Road has caused problems to the vehicles and also to the school children who used to walk on this road. um ktieh is long.
He said that the union cannot accept the actions of foreigners and even the Khasi who employ foreigners should take action to provide the necessary documents as the union found on that day. that a shop owned by a Khasi and employed foreign workers without proper documents, which could lead to crime because it is not known exactly how they entered the state.
The Dolloi Elaka Darrang urged everyone to cooperate with the village authorities and the Elaka to curb the spread of the disease and wished the people a healthy body and urged the people to follow the rules. Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) has requested the public to call 8132096302 before coming to the Umngot River.
In a petition submitted to the Minister today, the office bearers of the HYC Nongthliew alleged that it is because of this JE that many schemes reaching the people have been suspended such as the 100 days scheme ( MGNREGS) which till now the people have not received their bills.
“The DC knows that these people who are in this area are illegal residents, and we know that the police department has intelligence agencies and has information that they had been using this property for drug trafficking activities, but did nothing.
Shillong: The Leader of the Opposition Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the amendment to the Meghalaya Police Act 2010 is related to the amendment to the Justice and Employment Act. officers which means to bring about separation from government and judicial functions.
Shillong, Nailar 16: The Khasi Authors Society (KAS) is preparing to appeal to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi and the Defense Minister, Amit Shah for the recognition of the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS). Khasi Language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of the country.
This has resulted in a loss of Rs 0.87 crore to the government.
However, after arriving at the hospital, the doctors informed him that his life was in danger and they were able to treat and rescue him from these serious injuries.
S.Dkhar (Retd IAS) and AK Mishra, Advisor MHA Northeast (Retd IPS), to take forward the peace talks with the government.
Shillong, Jymmang 08: Meghalaya will face Mizoram in the semifinal of the Ranji Trophy in the plate group match which will start today. Mangaldai, Assam.
Shillong, July 24: The result of the Under-16 Boys Football League 2023-24 was announced today (July 24) at the SSA Stadium, Polo.
They also complained about the number of foreign workers and urged the government to look into the documents as in Sohra there are many foreigners working independently and this affects the income. their.
The HNLC said that there is no problem for the state government and the central government to call for talks, as there have been many governments in the world which have called for talks even with the rebel groups. I have no more hope of coming to the negotiating table.
The truck was carrying five policemen and on reaching Umkyllain, it suddenly collided with a Bolero Camper (ML 06 8749) coming from the area. Nongstoiñ and upon reaching the road of Nongstoiñ-Riangdo, the police truck suddenly stopped in the middle of the road and the driver of the police truck, to avoid the collision tried to brake, but somehow The truck overturned and hit the nar ker of the highway.
“I don't want to enter politics to criticize the shortcomings of others but I will contest this election on the issues of the country and the nation so that I can convey them to the Parliament. Parliament.
You don't know how happy I am as you see the troubles in my house.
Worldwide, there are 62 lakh cases, more than 3.77 lakh deaths and 27 lakh recoveries.
“I'll start cooking for you at almost 7:30” said the sister. His mother and sister were still busy cooking, Peter took out his file to count and dial his money. claim.
Regarding the rally, the GSU leaders including Sunmoon Marak Adviser of the GSU, Ri-Bhoi Regional Unit, Sunny R Marak, President of the GSU, Rikomuni Marak, President of the Garo Mahila Committee and many village leaders from the area, said that they do not want any trouble and riots in the area. region, but only because of the border.
Earlier, Ardent condemned those robbers involved in robbery in the state by saying that this is an insult to the fighters to demand the implementation of the ILP in the state.
Shillong, November 30: The Congress Candidate for Shillong Lok Sabha Constituency, Bah Marbud Dkhar, has personally taken the initiative to deliver the Work Order issued by the MP of Shillong Lok Sabha, Bah Vincent H. Pala through the MP Local Area Development. to various villages in the Mawlai Constituency.
On the 4th of this month, a Nepali resident of Pyrdung, Jalaphet was abducted by unidentified persons for to demand money from his relatives.
She also recalled that Saleng A Sangma had advocated well in the Legislative Assembly for the recognition of the Garo language in India and his demands are on the record of the Legislative Assembly.
During the MLA election canvass, they just talked about making all the villages in the War area model villages in Meghalaya.
“This is something we have to take seriously.
The project is known as Nartiang Shakti Peeth through the PRASAD Scheme of the Ministry of Tourism implemented by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC).
The Congress leader in Meghalaya and Shillong MP, Vincent H Pala, on Tuesday said that sending the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) to monitor the smuggling of coal doesn't make sense if there is no coal transportation. cooperation of the State Government.
This happened at Moorap village on the night of the 30th of this month.
Besides urging the people to support this decision, the MLA of Jirang, also urged the village leaders in the border area, to continue what they have already worked hard and He urged the village leaders to restrict the entry and exit of foreigners and strangers.
This beautiful and cozy restaurant will definitely be a place to attract those people who like to eat.
The EM of KHADC, Grace Mary Kharpuri, on Friday said that the District Council has decided to fully implement the Khasi Hills Autonomous District. Act 2021, which aims to protect and develop the farmers in the region.
In addition, it was decided to arrest and punish according to the law the robbers and to arrest and hand over to the law enforcement authorities any foreigners who come to disturb the village or who do/walk overtime/without any work. and urged all the residents to take note of this announcement and cooperate for the good of the community.
At the same time, Kong Philamon Lyngdoh, who came to live with her son in Khyndailad, expressed her deep sorrow over the destruction of their house by MUDA. now they have to go and ask for a house from their relatives while they are in sorrow.
Shillong: On 27th June 2021, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State Government, Bah Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the State Government can re-impose a lockdown in the state if the outbreak of the disease Covid 19 is still spreading and continues to spread as the days go by.
Speaking to Rupang, the newly elected chairman, Leonard Arun Mawrie, said that the dorbar was opened by Ardent and after listening to the reports. Secretary Helstone Roy Kharkongor and the people welcomed the report submitted by the Secretary.
Schools as well as residential buildings have also been affected by the floods.
To revive the food supply during the shortage of rice in the fields and to encourage traditional farming methods, the Jaintia Hills Development Society (JHDS) has donated a house and millet. to the inhabitants of Samanong.
Shillong: U Shailendra Bamaniya, Superintendent of Police (Traffic), East Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that some vehicles, especially commercial vehicles, used to put stones to support their vehicles during and after parking. , they leave these stones in the same place and this causes problems to those who come and go and causes traffic jams and disrupts the traffic, which is against the law. the Motor Vehicle Act.
Bishnu Ram Medhi, Chief Minister of Assam in 1951, introduced a Bill to remove Block I & Block II from Jaintia Hills which covers an area of ​​1543.6 sq. km.
The Seng has urged the ME.eCL to install a transformer in the village.
He said that so far there has been no news from other parties such as the UDP to send a statement to discuss the issue to prepare for the 2018 elections.
The Secretary of the Society, Bah Hawson Khongsit, said that the purpose of the exhibition is to encourage and encourage the farmers who have lost hope as the years go by.
The village aims to develop it as a tourist destination but not by violating human life and the environment.
On receiving the information, the SWAT police rushed to the scene and said that the GNLA members were preparing to drink in the morning but suddenly their guard saw the Commando Police. himself fired shots in the direction of the police.
In another development, Sunny Deol's Gadar 2 has grossed Rs 500 crore so far and is a film about the separation of India and Pakistan. , in 1947, and shows the story of Tara Singh, who entered Pakistan in search of his son, who had illegally entered the country and was arrested there.
Sameer Nalawade, Chairman of the District Council, MSP, had threatened the Engineer two days ago to take action against him for not taking care of the road. Shillong: After the Supreme Court has decided to reopen the coal mining in the state, the issue of coal mining in the state has arisen. They discussed the problems faced by the villagers of Ri Khasi Jaintia in the past five years and these include unemployment, decline in income, expenditure on electricity and so on. many problems, which they faced after the coal ban.
They show that they have given the answer to the question, Why?
The seminar was also inaugurated by Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Information and Public Relations, Government of Meghalaya as the chief guest at a meeting held at the Conference Hall of the College on the second day of the seminar. the week.
Avoid smoke by cooking outside or cooking anywhere where fresh air can enter freely and smoke can escape.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Before the start of the 2023-24 Ranji Trophy season, the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has decided whether to include foreign players in the state. (guest professional player) in this tournament.
I have met many people who express anger when they see the state of the country and the nation, but most of the time they end up talking.
Adelbert Nongrum said that the NPP supports the CAA through Agatha Sangma, MP from Tura; However, the same political party (NPP) wants to implement the ILP, and this makes it difficult to take part in the MP elections. Shillong: The Community COVID-19 Management Team of Jaiaw Langsning Village Council today sought clarification from the Government authorities on the spread of the coronavirus. COVID-19 after one patient tested positive at Dr H Gordon Robert Hospital.
One of the elders also spoke on this subject and felt that it was the law of God.
At the same time, they said that if the road reaches Kyrshai, the vendors will be able to buy goods from Guwahati, as it is close to the border market with Assam at Ukiam.
Last year, the leaders of the Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) launched the idea to remove these idols in Ayodhya.
In Newton's 3rd Laws of Motion it is written: 'In every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction' which means that for every action done, the reaction comes back.
If the railway reaches the rural areas, Bangladesh will soon develop.
Residents who have lost their phones when they go to the police request them to fight hard to get them back, said the police chief.
Since 2014, attacks on Christian groups have increased significantly.
These clothes vendors said that they don't feel like citizens but like thieves because when the police came, they ordered them to collect before 3 pm which means they had to collect before 2 pm. They were tortured and tortured.
Shangpliang said that everyone has accepted the BJP because they want change in the state as a whole, and they will join the BJP at the same time. Shangpliang said that the claim that the BJP does not accept the people of the state is wrong, because five years ago and now it has changed completely.
God has already foretold – “And your covenant with death shall be broken, and your covenant with hell shall not stand” Isaiah 28:1
“Our people were involved in the incident and managed to escape safely after the incident,” said the statement.
“If the talks don't go anywhere and if they don't succeed, I can't say anything, but the struggle will continue,” he told reporters.
There are two community radio stations in the state, one in Nongstoin and one in Williamnagar.
Because I was so young, I didn't dare to ask, I just listened without answering.
There are currently 12 active cases in the district with the highest number of cases in East Khasi Hills with 3 cases.
On the vote, he said that the party is currently waiting for information from Kolkata and will try to allow the people to vote through SMS which they are waiting for a reply from Telecom. I don't have a coupon.
In the second match which started at 4 pm, Mawklot SC beat Mawpdang SC 2-4 in the end. col.
Speaking to media, KSU Narpuh Circle President KS Suchiang said that the State Pollution Board has allowed the State Pollution Board to hold a public announcement to allow Star Cement to mine. mawshun shows that there is something behind it.
Jesus said that the end would come (Matthew 24:6).
Balsan was arrested along with four others on 13th July on charges of involvement in the detention and torture of 12 women for eight days.
For example, it has been exactly 10 years since the judicial inquiry into the death of Bah Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew, police and public at the crime scene.
On this occasion, Bah Albinus Lyngdoh as the chief guest in the presence of Bah RS Nongbri Assistant Director MSME as the chief guest, Stefanie Nongbri (SDO), Sr.
SOMALA said that under the industrial policy of the state, the indigenous people have received only a few jobs and have lost their land due to the influx of foreigners.
However, he said that as the leaders of the Circle, they understand that they have not done it for the good of anyone, but for the good of the Jaitbynriew as a whole.
The statement said that this is false information and said that the Measles and Rubella vaccine is safe and has been certified by the World Health Organization (WHO). WHO) and UNICEF are international health organizations.
Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum as a youth leader in Ri Bhoi, said that he has the desire that the youth should be the authorities to work for the good and to improve the society. ksa hlang in all aspects and as the youth if they don't have that responsibility to work for the society the community and the region will not be able to develop in all aspects.
Yaba/World is Yours Tablets were seized at 5.15 am on 28th September.
The Governor also urged them to treat the patients with a spirit of kindness without any partiality.
If the truck drivers refuse to pay the fare, the police will shoot the driver and damage the trucks and the trucks will not be allowed to pass,” said the MJAC. it is possible for a Policeman to demand money without the knowledge of his superior.
He requested that if any children are in trouble, they should not just listen, but should come forward and report to the law enforcement authorities so that they can get assistance.
They were admitted to NEIGHRIMS, Shillong.
Bunya is a resident of Mawlai Phudmuri near Madan Heh Stadium.
One of them, Prestone, said that it is a law that he (Prestone) has already suggested that he does not have to consult with the Election Commission and lawyers. I'm going to beat it now.
On 17.05.2017, two Khasi youths from Lummawbah were shot dead by Dkhars at Umshyrpi (Jhalupara/Barapathar road).
On the second day, all Taxis ML04 ABCD except those ending in Numbers '2' and
He said, “There was a lack of interest among other political parties too.
He said that the tourism industry which is one of the permanent sources of income for the state has been affected by these incidents in the past few years.
“We also urge the consumers of beef and pork not to be afraid because the vendors have followed the rules and regulations. The Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development of the State Government.
He said that there are many needs that still need to be addressed especially in Meghalaya which still needs a new airport.
Jowai, Jymmang 31: RCEve Secondary School Mihmyntdu, Thadlaskein Block on Tuesday celebrated the World Menstrual Hygiene Day 2022 by holding a special training program for the students of Thadlaskein Block. school.
In this regard, the government, after seeing the opposition from the civil society, Dorbar Shnongs, religious leaders and the people, has decided to repeal it because it listens to the voice of the people. .
However, only after the three batsmen took over to bat, Meghalaya were all out for 97 runs in 33.5 overs.
The award winners include 11 students from Umtyngngar to Shella villages. In the SSLC, those who scored 85% or above were accepted. 80% above and 75% above for Degree and PhD. The President of KSU Seng Kmie, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar who was the Chief Guest in the presence of the Principal of St John Bosco. Boys Higher Secondary School, Sohra, Fr. Alphonsius Rongrinkum, Vice Principal, Dr. Eligius Sawian, Rangbah Shnong of Pdengshnong, Sohra and others including the wife and children of (L) Bah Lurshai Hynniewta. .
Nongpoh: The District Magistrate, Ri Bhoi District, has enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits the flying of any kind of drones or other types of flying vehicles in the country. Remotely Piloted Aircraft (RPA) or Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) are located near and within 3 KM of Shillong Airport at Umroi, Ri Bhoi.
Shillong: The residents of Mawlai, have decided to extinguish the fire for 5 minutes this evening, starting at 7 pm, as a sign of their condolences, over the shooting death of Cheristerfield Thangkhiew.
In the drawing competition, Phrangsngi Khongngaiñ of Mawkyrwat Presbyterian Secondary School, Laitlawsang won the second prize, Phulnestar Lyngdoh of Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat won the second prize and Samborlang Lyngkhoi of Mawkyrwat won the second prize. Upper Primary & Secondary School, Mawthawiang.
In the video, nine women were seen dancing and one of them was seen distributing beer, while the others danced.
She said that if they are not careful and surprise people to clean up the water now, they will face problems later.
The four vehicles were coming from Shillong and heading downhill and the other two vehicles were coming downhill.
The amount of money spent is not less than thousands of crores.
In his meeting with the party, he said that he supports the KHADC Bill, although there are some shortcomings that need to be addressed.
The list of players is: Shynrang, Renaldy Jyrwa, Iohborlang Shadap, Elvinson Marbaniang and Dennish Ale.
Barisha Kharbani will compete in the 61kg senior category while Dominica Phidahun Kharbani will compete in the 42kg sub junior category. in the individual and committee and team category of 40kg sub Junior.
The meeting also supported the opposition of the Sengbhalang to the proposal to bring a railway line to the state.
You can include fruits and vegetables in this diet.
When we think of those delicious vegetables, cucumber is another vegetable that benefits the health of the skin.
He said that the role of the BJP MLAs is to show the people the proper and clean working methods.
In addition, out of 757 villages that received electricity in November 2021, 1478 villages have now received electricity.
The National Lok Adalat has heard 1347 cases and 371 pending cases for reconciliation and reconciliation. the beat is gone.
“If they are smugglers and cow smugglers as alleged by the BSF, they don't have the right to shoot them but according to the law they should be arrested and we cannot accept this,” said the Rangbah Shnong. Pomshutia.
In Madhya Pradesh, Mohan Yadav, a three-time MLA and former government minister, was elected Chief Minister while in Chhattisgarh, Vishnu Deo Sai was elected as the Chief Minister.
He said that in the shopkeeping industry, if there are state owners who have been able to do their own business, they should not sell to foreigners.
