He said that some of the neighbors heard that there were people inside the ATM, but as they did not want to go nearby, they turned on the torchlight and the robbers, who numbered about nine persons, fled.
the picture shows that they are mutt, not cow.
What is surprising to the residents is that the price of the smart meter has been increased from T.3750/- to T.5000/- each and no one has shared even though the price of the smart meter has been increased from T.3750/- to T. The cost of this project has been increased from Rs 232 crore to Rs 310 crore. On 3rd and 14th October 2021, reports and announcements appeared in The Sentinel and The Shillong Times that the HYC under the leadership of Robertjune Kharjahrin (HYC President) and Roykupar Synrem (HYCGGeneral Secretary) distribute pamphlets starting from Mawlai, to strongly oppose and demand the suspension of the implementation of smart meters in our State.
“At this meeting we also discussed the demand of the Adhoc teachers, and now we are considering it,” he added.
Shillong, June 25: The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Candidate Sandondor Ryntathiang on Tuesday said that the statement by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Prestone Tynsong, who has ordered the small parties to set up bus stops, has been rejected. in the government it is a childish speech that has undermined even the position he holds.
Finally, it was found that the land was the root cause of the incident.
The death of Father Stan is a matter for us to discuss and think about because this great fighter not only died, but was killed in injustice and injustice.
"This happened in Solanipuram Colony in Roorkee at about 10 pm when a group of about 500 people arrived at the prayer place and shouted slogans, including the presence of Longkmie, ki They shouted and accused the preachers of forced conversion of Hindus in the name of gathering together to pray and show love for fellow human beings.
KSU Delhi would like to thank the KSU North Khasi Hills under the leadership of Ferdinand Kharkamni and Elecius Narleng for their support in obtaining these documents. They were also ready to pick up the child from Guwahati Airport and bring her to her village this morning.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah F. Lyngdoh, Bah S. Marngar, Bah Didimus and others.
In April 2023, the University of New South Wales in Sydney, Australia, will honor those who have studied at the University.
He has faced many difficulties and trees to take care of these wild flowers in his yard because these flowers initially did not fit in his place, but he built The old man did not hesitate to try to find a way to understand better the lifestyle of these flowers and gradually he was able to bring these wild flowers closer to the ground floor of his house.
He said that we have a strong hope that in the coming years, we will get drug-free jhur by trying to plant these varieties of jhur in the fields and outside the houses to eat and avoid. Buy jhur from the market that uses pesticides and encourage all schools to have gardens to plant these kinds of plants especially jhur.
It is a pleasure to witness the spirit of cooperation and exchange of ideas through this festival.
Honey can heal wounds and infections, reduce inflammation and can also help lower cholesterol and prevent high blood pressure and cancer.
All of them received a cash prize of 500 tyngka.
During these 71 years, God has provided Israel from all sides, the country has produced milk, fish and wonderful rivers, the country has been equipped with modern science technology, which is powerful. which can stand alone on its feet.
The MDA government had introduced a resolution in the Assembly last year and sent it to the Central Government to demand the inclusion of Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule. Delhi has not slept well.
She said the police department will try to coordinate with other groups up to the districts.
When we compare the urban areas with the rural areas, we feel like saying that the urban areas are heaven and the rural areas are hell.
According to the interview with Bah Adelbert, it is understood that Halide alone has a strong faith in prayers and he said that many miracles that should not have happened have happened and those that should have happened have not happened. this is through prayer.
When asked, Conrad said that the government has been following from time to time the rules and regulations laid down by the MHA for all the Seng groups. which the Government of India held negotiations with.
Although we Khasi people are highly qualified, we still have many shortcomings and errors in our writings.
The rally will be organized by the Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC).
It was only after a while that the KAAC erected the signboard again and there was a ban from the Karbi people to let the Khanduli farmers go to their farmland in Karbi Anglong.
6) Be careful before swimming in pools: If you are a swimmer in the beach or swimming pool, especially during the rainy season, you don't need to swim anymore. worried.
The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has honored the umpires and other officials who took part in the conduct of the tournament.
I hope that the government will take the right decision at the right time before this protest turns into anger and mass protests especially in places like Khasi, Jaintia and Ri-Bhoi.
Of these, 38 cases are from Dhubri and 4 cases from Darrang, 85 cases are from other districts, said Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam.
Furthermore, it was also heard that the number of seats is too low.
It is shocking to know that the Government is looking to alcohol for survival, but the real basis for income growth is when people live a healthy lifestyle.
In order to preserve and revive this ancient plant, the JHDS in collaboration with NABARD and KVK Jaintia Hills, has conducted a one-day workshop on “Revival of Millet”. Cultivation”.
China's bases have increased near Arunachal Pradesh and include Asaphila, Tuting Axis, Chang Tze and Fishtail-2, which are only 20 kilometers from the Indian border. .
Ismail Marak is also a former MLA of Rongram constituency before the dissolution of the constituency.
Shillong: U Amir Bahadur Gurung, 82, of Nongmensong Hospital, NEIGRIHMS, Shillong, has died on 24-06-2 Lakhmi Pohshna, 46, of Lumpyngngad, War Jaintia, Shillong, died on 23-06-2021 at Woodland Hospital Sabah on 23-06-2 -2021Cause of death: Covid Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Tereng G.Momin, 38 of WilliamnagarSumar died at Williamnagar Civil Hospital on 20-06-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesU Benora , 55 of ShnongpdengSar at MCH Hospital on 29-05-2021Dipti Paul, 84 of Nongrimbah Laitumkhrah was taken to Supercare Hospital and died on 24-06-2 06-2021Knion Nongpluh, 50, of Kharang SmitSumar, died at Dr.H.G Roberts Hospital on 19-06-2 , 62 of CID Quarters LawsohtunSirolin Jala, 64 of Kench's TraceSumar at Nazareth Hospital on 22-06-2 Bibiona Kharumnuid, 43, of MadanrtingSumar at NEIGRIHMS on 22-06-2021 died on 24-06-2021Cause of death: Covid-19 Pneumonia with co-morbidities.
Raising the issue in the House, Bah Pangniang said that Pastor Thomas Jones was the one who introduced the Khasi alphabet and it would be appropriate for the government to name him as the Father of the Khasi alphabet. that Write Khasi.
Other speakers on the occasion included Bah JL Khongshai, Prof D. War, Bah K. Ryntathiang and Bah Daniel L. Nonglait who discussed the same issues. The meeting also elected and appointed two new members from Mawthadraishan area to lead the synjuk.
Speaking to media, the Prime Minister said that the implementation of any project is to improve income and also to protect the environment and the government is thinking. For this reason, the government has laid down the rules for the establishment of factories.
According to many of the residents of 7 villages who came to Nongbah-Mawshuit today, they said that the main reason for this is the Sordar's post. The violence in the village was caused by the robbery of the Syiem of Sohra, Pa'iem Freeman Singh Syiem.
Bah Lorenzo P Warjri (larry) said that not only does judo give us a healthy body, but it also gives us the opportunity to fight and defend ourselves if anyone intend and desire to do evil unto us.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has distributed uniforms to 400 cleaners including cleaners, drivers and garbage collectors under the Swachh Bharat scheme.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 08: A public hearing was held on Tuesday at Umlong village, East Jaintia Hills District on the proposal of M/s Wahriang Limestone Mine to mine coal from an area of ​​1.33 hectares. However, the Waheh Shnong and many of the residents of Umlong Village have strongly opposed and alleged that this public hearing is misunderstood and unclear.
And that sign is 666.
During his two-day visit, he was welcomed by Lt Gen Harminder Jit Singh Sachdev, PVSM, AVSM, SM, ADC, Director General, Assam Rifles.
The Executive Engineer, PHE Sohra Division has sent a letter to M/s BAC Infiatech Private Limited which is operating the Greater Sohra WSS.
This comes after Ukraine has threatened to turn the war against Russia as it has done in Ukraine in recent years.
According to the KSU, this situation shows that the VEC will be stronger than the Dorbar Shnong; Therefore, the KSU urges the District authorities who have been empowered according to the customs and traditions to take action in this regard and to discuss with the Minister in charge of Rural Development that the post of Shongknor VEC should be the chief of the village.
The Seng said that if the authorities in charge of the environment and the DC do not take action on the demand, the Seng will take other measures for the rights of the people.
There are more than 10 million Sohphan trees in different parts of Meghalaya, which grow outside the garden without the need for proper care and attention to increase income, said the Minister. Speaking at a meeting convened by the Directorate of Food Processing on 'Jack Start 2023' at the State Convention Centre, Shillong on Friday.
Therefore, the MLA of Jirang, appealed to the people to cooperate with the government, by obeying the directives of the government through the health department, so that the government's intention to prevent the spread of COVID-1
Special prizes were awarded to Alisha Lyngdoh (woman), Mewan Pynhun Diengdoh and Ram Prasad Chakravarty for the visually impaired.
According to the Rangbah Dong of Oxford, Bah DL Nonglait, the arrest of these youths was made after receiving a tip from some people who said that they had children. They entered the bridge which is very remote and immediately the villagers came to the scene to see for themselves and found that these youths were still playing. The village authorities immediately informed the police who came to seize the drugs. The village authorities immediately informed the police who came to seize the drugs. you are young.
I joined the Government after I had asked the Government to Review and Revamp the Reservation Policy. .
Aristotle Nongkhlaw took 2 wickets/10 runs in 3 overs.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Mawlai MLA Process T Sawkmie, North Shillong MLA Edilbert Nongrum, Mawryngkneng MLA Pynïaid Sing Syiem, PWD Engineers and others.
He said that there is a Police Bill of KHADC where the Executive Committee will look into the state government to ensure that this Bill is implemented so that the District Council police can get firearms like the government police. state.
“Now we have learned how to make cakes and puddings from krai.
He said that there are many companies that we need to improve and focus on developing them.
However, due to the absence of an elected committee, the powers of the Board have been handed over to the Chief Executive Officer who will act as the Executive Head, he added.
While talking, the 108 informed the police of the address of the house and finally they reached the house of the youth.
Speaking on this occasion, the participation of Nepalis who have become Christians, Khasi and other ethnic groups in this preaching service is a good news that they want to bring peace and harmony to the people of these are the border villages.
“Not as Cain, who was of that wicked one, and slew him” (1 John 3:12).
Is it right or wrong? To accept or reject the comments, especially from non-Khasis, we need to look at both sides because the comments of those outside the Jaitbynriew can really show us that we don't think about it because we have lost our minds. from the cellar.
I got out of the car, sat down and sent it to the Government...what happened?" Katakey said.
Dr Amarsingh Chauhan, Civil Surgeon of the District Hospital, said that about 15 patients have been taken to the hospital after receiving information that they had eaten the food. long beer.
Shillong, July 30: The Meghalaya Basin Development Authority (MBDA) in collaboration with the Garo Hills District Basin Unit will hold a two-day Sohphan Festival on the 11th and 12th of November. such as the Jackfruit Festival under the Meghalaya Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Program (MIBDLP).
According to Bah Kharshiing, the MLAs of Meghalaya should discuss the IOA in the Legislative Assembly and take a decision to send it to the Government of India for implementation.
The total number of recoveries is 679 including 43,872 samples, 42137 negative and 315 pending results.
Prestone said that the District Administration has visited the area, but their visit without sufficient equipment to know the cause of the fire is not sufficient. , so the government has decided to appoint expert agencies to investigate and find out the truth.
There were no casualties in the incident as no one was on the road or on the ground floor of the house at the time of the incident.
Don't think about anything else once you've left the skei.
He suggested that it is better to allocate the cost of services in advance so that we can understand.
The PWD department has allocated T.12 crore for the road and has divided it into two parts, one part in Mawphlang Sub Division which will end in Weiloi and one part in the Mawsynram Division which will end in Balat. .
We don't know what will happen after these 5000 tests.
Besides these three players, Ajima Sangma has been selected as the standbys, while Baiahun Mylliemngap has been selected as the Manager of the team.
The Sub-Divisional Magistrate of Mairang Civil Sub-Division, Mairang on Friday declared a containment zone in Kynshi Pyllun, Mairang following the increase in the number of cases of COVID-1
"They will stay in the air for two hours," said Linsey Marr, a professor of civil and environmental engineering at Virginia Tech. The collapse of the air also occurs in humans and it is said that these tiny particles are known as aerosols.
The CBI on 3rd November filed a case against Lalu Prasad, who continues to be the president of the RJD, against his wife, former chief minister of Rajasthan. Bihar Rabri Devi and her son, who is also the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Tejashwi Yadav, on charges of corruption.
As the trees of the country and the nation, the residents of the border areas have suffered hardships that only those who have experienced them can understand.
She demanded that the Government should revive it as it improves the knowledge and development of the students.
Dr Nongpluh said that initially the child had to be given oxygen, but now he has survived and has shown signs that he is stronger and has a healthy body.
Nongpoh: Police of Ri Bhoi DEF in collaboration with Assam Rifles, have seized a Mahindra XUV (AS-) at 11 pm this morning. 01-BE-3800 and when they searched the vehicle, they found and seized several explosives, which they had smuggled inside the vehicle, including 9 bags of Neo Gel (Gelatin Sticks) 209.93 kg, 50 Aluminum Instant Electric Detonators and 2000 Indira Special Ordinary Detonators were recovered from the vehicle without proper documents.
The suspect has been identified as Raquan Folk and has been charged under felony counts of kidnapping, conspiracy to commit child molestation and conspiracy to entice a child to engage in prostitution.
Welcome : Your welcome is not allowed to enter the house.
“You have become heavier and Bhalang has been able to help his brothers.
Prestone also requested the people living abroad to temporarily suspend their return in these days and they can continue their return until 1st July 2020, when these gates will work again.
Aris Sangma, former Publicity Secretary of the ANVC, in a WhatsApp message to Rupang, said, “It is an old map and this demand is no longer valid now, because the ANVC has also been abolished.
He said the Government should implement the Roster System from the date of issuance of the order or according to the order of the Meghalaya High Court and not turn back.
The Governor of Meghalaya, Anusuiya Uikey, will visit the houses in Churachandpur and Bishnupur districts to hold a meeting with the residents who have been forced to leave their homes. They went to live in these houses.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 07 : U Samla Albert Maring of Pahamdumu village in Ri-Bhoi district has expressed his feelings and views on the behavior and work of the leaders in Ri-Bhoi district. (MLA) in Ri-Bhoi, only Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh and George B Lyngdoh MLA Umroi, who are truly skilled leaders, have a true voice to speak and advocate for the people of Ri-Bhoi. in the Bhoi area.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng, 16: East Jaintia Hills District Police on Tuesday night received a tip from the intelligence agencies that a man named Manoj Muksor has been arrested. Police have conducted a search operation at Lumshnong and searched the vehicles of a man who came from Silchar to Khliehriat, who was suspected to be carrying illegal items.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the leaders of the HNYF, HNYF President Bless Dkhar said that the HNYF's visit to the area was not to oppose or ban anyone's entry but to talk about the revenue of the government because from time to time the government says that there is no such revenue from the bookstores. team’.
On the other hand, Governor KN Tripathi and Principal Secretary MS Rao were present.
On the allegation that the MDA government has failed to create opportunities to employ the youth, Tynsong said the Congress will submit a written statement on what it has already done in this regard.
He said that before the bill was submitted to the Legislative Assembly, the CM had thought carefully about the concerns of the North East.
He also raised the issue of the lack of medicines in government health centers and other necessities and every time the poor people go for treatment, they are sent for other examinations to private health centres. .
The three persons were arrested by the KSU members this evening.
The Rangbah Shnong of Nongpoh Proper, Bah Sylvester Mynsong, was also present as the chief guest. In the presence of Bah Marcus Marten, President of HNYF Northern Region, Bah Edilbert Nongrum, Secretary Robert Thabah. Nongpoh Circle, Secretary and other dignitaries.
After the Meghalaya High Court strongly criticized the illegal coal miners who supply coal to the illegally established coal factories in Shahlang, the factory has been included in the list. The Meghalaya High Court has suspended the factory.
Shillong, July 2: “It's just a misrepresentation, I stayed at home for two days without going anywhere during the days of Modi's visit to Shillong, I didn't even attend the meeting. said DD Lapang, in reply to the letters sent by Dr. Mukul Sangma to Sonia Gandhi and which were stolen yesterday.
Nongpoh: Six poor families in Nongkya village, Ri Bhoi District, have received food items from the leaders of the Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF). The RBYF has distributed Khaw, Jhur and food items to these families who can also be said to be the poorest families.
Earlier, the Minister, Bah Banteidor, said that there are 31,439 farmers in the state who have been trained in how to farm according to modern technology.
There are also those who have given shelter to foreigners to temporarily store their belongings in the shops of Khasi, by paying them to shop. These too have been seized by the KHADC police and taken to the district. Council to do what is necessary.
However, today, it was reported that a priest of the temple in Ayodhya, has tested positive for covid-19 and along with him, 16 policemen, who were guarding him, have also tested positive. plague.
In a statement, Bah KS Nongdhar Secretary Shnong said that it will conduct a cleanliness drive around the area of ​​their land before 20.12.2022 for the sake of cleanliness especially for the safety of their land/land. He also urged all the residents of the village to clean up the surroundings of the village before the scheduled day and to come out in order on the day and time of the village. was corrected.
At the same time, the union strongly condemns the Minister in charge of the Municipal Department for the lack of work and inability to provide a suitable place to dispose of garbage.
Sreenidi Deccan are second with 45 points from 23 games after winning 13, drawing six and losing four.
The All India Primary Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) will participate in the procession known as the “Bharat Yatra” organized by the All India Primary Teachers' Federation (AIPTF) on the 4th of this month. November 2023 on many issues.
This is one of the main reasons why our country and nation is increasingly involved in illegal activities.
The Meghalaya Games will be held from 15-20 July 2023 and will feature 22 sports including football and others.
On the part of the members of AAM, they congratulated and wished all the children to play well and reach the goal of victory.
The EJNC's intention was to sit inside the grounds of the hospital but they were not allowed to do so. They had to stand temporarily in front of the gate. I didn't enter the hospital guarded by the police.
Shillong, July 17: A 24-year-old man, Rupan Saikia, has demanded T.5 lakh from a wealthy man, Bankupar Sutnga, at Umpleng village in East Jaintia Hills on Tuesday.
We still need to look at these constituencies that we can do for the people.
However, suddenly in 1950, as the IOA & AA did not appear in the Constitution of India, the Legislative Assembly was left without recognition from the Government of India.
Praising the performance of the MDA government in the last four and a half years under the leadership of the NPP, Mominin said no.
After a while, Seinbhalang Shkentalang managed to turn the tide in the 78th minute through Ruben Dkhar to equalize until the end of the first half.
Recently, there was such an incident where a mother broke her own child in Upper Shillong.
These awards for the winners of various sports and also the special award for the students who passed well in the SSLC examination were distributed by Umsning MLA, Bah Jason S.Mawlong, Umsning MDC, Kong Macdalyne S.Mawlong who was the chief guest and with the assistance of these dignitaries who witnessed the closing ceremony of the sports tournament student.
Continuous heavy rains and landslides have claimed the lives of 66 people in Himachal Pradesh and Uttarakhand due to search and rescue operations including injured and evacuation The death toll from the collapse of houses in many places continues.
However, it has been seen that the law has been fully implemented against especially the small towns.
In India, we live in an era of development economy which means growth to follow the example of developed countries, so evil is growing rapidly and light is growing rapidly. It is up to the parents to guide their children in whatever path they have designed to save and make them human beings.
The body was taken to NEIGHRIMS Hospital, where the body was placed in the morgue of the hospital.
The scholarship started in 2011 when one of the students of IIM Shillong received the scholarship for the first time. .
What remains now is that statement to Daniel, “Blessed is he who waits and reaches the 1335 days.
The objective is to encourage innovators from small states in the service of the people in the North Eastern States, Union Territories and Hill States, in the field of education. , Health, Information Technology and Rural Development.
We have also requested to appoint more Driver posts as there is only one driver in the hospital, to appoint more guards at the gate and ground floor of the hospital,” he said.
There are many kinds of things that cannot be counted.
On the other hand, the speakers expressed their condemnation of the government for taking more than 10 years to release the money for scholarships. .
If we take only the name of the leader of this party, it is enough to stir up the candidates and also to get the support of the people in
A few lyrics from a song, entitled I Can Be That Woman, these women, expressed, as if they want their husbands, to come back to them again.
At the same time, the Sein Raij Jowai has lodged a complaint against him.
At first there were no chapters, no verses, but God through the wisdom He gave to His chosen people improved the way we read His Word.
“Even if there are 400 or 500 shops without daju,” said the daju who did not want to be named.
They also praised Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, leader of the VPP, who has been on hunger strike for 9 days to demand this issue. Appoint an Expert Committee to review the Reservation Policy.
As the days and months go by for the elections to elect new leaders, every day the people will witness the entry and exit of the candidates, sitting MLAs and sitting MDCs. to benefit from your own illness.
However, Pala said Ampareen has helped him campaign for him in the past few elections.
Julius Lyngdoh, Training Commissioner (S) West Jaintia Hills, while talking about peace, said, “When we talk about peace, we must understand that if we don't have peace in ourselves, we cannot be the leaders of peace. the world so peace in the individual self is desirable.
Police said the police seized illegal weapons including ammunition and ammunition, a pistol, a magazine, four rounds of ammunition, a silencer, an IED bomb. , one remote control, two batteries and one empty magazine of an AK 47 rifle were seized from the suspects.
“Dr Mukul Sangma has opposed the ILP because in 2012 and 2013 he stood against the ILP when we demanded it,” he said.
In East Khasi Hills District, 339 cases including 2 cases from Armed Forces and 337 cases from civilians, in West Garo Hills, 19 cases including 1 case from Armed Forces and 18 cases from civilians. 11 cases, 30 cases in Ri Bhoi District, 10 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in West Garo Hills, 6 cases in West Jaintia Hills and 2 cases in East Garo Hills.
He said that soon there will be the distribution of dulir certificates to the residents who should have received the land allocated for them so that they can build their houses.
We are your servants, we cannot just take a salary without working.
Many of the elders and leaders of the area were invited to attend the meeting to witness the voice of the people.
Shillong, Nailar 17: As part of the celebration of its 25th Anniversary, the Seng Biria U Khasi (SBUK) on Saturday held a drama competition among various colleges in this state.
He said the state will have five battalions of CAPF personnel to patrol on the polling day.
The day was filled with songs and dances with the participation of Rovers-Ranger and Scouts-Guides.
These are top priority issues and solutions must be developed immediately to address all challenges.
The owners of the land, who do not know the heavens and the earth about the cultivation, are others while the cultivators are only the workers.
However, as the markets in Shillong and other places have reopened, the market has started to decline and the number of shops has started to decrease.
Most of the time, the MP election campaign in Meghalaya is slow, slow and slow.
Police of Umiam Police Station on receiving a tip on the incident rushed to the scene and took the injured to Bhoirymbong CHC for treatment. ahead.
There are also more than 60,000 households in Meghalaya who have received houses from the BJP-led government through its programmes.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) on Saturday seized about T.1 crore worth of cash and the investigation into the corruption case is ongoing. 600 crore after the raids were conducted against Lalu Prasad and his family in connection with the corruption case.
During the meeting, the Director of DHS promised to release the salaries within two days.
The wicked may dwell in the palace, in the streets, or in the streets, and he may be envied by others because of his wealth and prosperity.
We are very pleased to have the opportunity to serve our residents in any way and these relief activities will continue in the future,” said the Commandant of 100 Bn BSF. Nongpoh, Lber 23: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) today inspected the village of Nongwah Mawtamur in Jirang Constituency of Ri Bhoi District. documents and from the people before taking a decision on the demarcation in the second phase between the governments of Assam and Meghalaya.
However, in the age of wealth, the pursuit of worldly peace, the spirit of mankind has caused the soul of man to destroy many springs of water, in the beginning, to destroy the forests, he cut down the trees, he attacked the medicinal plants, when he didn't feel anything from the forest, he went to the lower places when the water was low, where he used his power. They don't have the strength to distribute through the earth, because of their excessive desire for water to drink, but they turn the surplus into a way to earn a living by selling fish. .
The authorities have also evacuated about 80 people from the area at high risk of natural disasters.
During the meeting, the KSU Jaintia Hills District Unit also met with the management of Kiang Nangbah Government College.
Protests and oppositions are the rights of those who do not want or oppose this go hand in hand in democracy. Villages or individuals who have given their willingness to break ground and protests have arisen and demanded on their own grounds in the right way, but in these few days the Office of the Acting Dolloi, Hima Sutnga Youth Federation, Joint VDP Sutnga Elaka and ECC Sutnga Elaka have come out to protest against the proposal to break into private land in Sutnga Elaka according to their feelings and rights. These groups have affected the feelings of many people from all over the country because of the unfounded allegations, warnings through Facebook as they have alleged against Ma Damewanh i Rymbai Asst Waheh. Village of Moolamylliang Village for donating his coal mine to break the garbage.
Bah Renikton said that the youth are not only for tomorrow but the youth of today are also for tomorrow, so we need strong youth for tomorrow.
In Mizoram, three more cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to
Last month, former Delhi Chief Secretary Manish Sisodia was arrested on charges of involvement in the same incident.
Confetti – Please, Control – Tea step.
“The Chief Minister has promised the ECC to send people to inspect all the factories in the area, and they will send back a report to the Government on the condition of these factories. , and after that the government will take a decision," he said.
Shillong will be one of the cities to host the tournament in
Therefore, those who have or have received Land Holding Certificates (LHCs) within these areas are requested to return their LHCs to the Sutnga District Office. The Acting Doloi's office has requested all the Rangbah Shnongs of the villages in the Sutnga Elaka to inform the The residents of their villages have received the information according to the letters sent to you Rangbah Shnong.
“We are sorry as a church as pastors when we see the families that are broken and we are working hard to rebuild such families,” said Pastor Diengdoh.
Besides the ILP, the Meeting also decided to monitor and urge the Government of India to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution of India; to expedite the introduction of the amendments to the Sixth Schedule relating to District Councils and also to fix the exact boundary of the State.
He said he was not the Prime Minister just for his own goal.
He said that after eating the shetlang and phan, they started to swell, pray and swell their heads.
Of all the plants grown in India, perhaps there is no other plant that is more fertile than the pai, because the more fertilized it is, the higher the yield.
The WJSU, according to a letter sent to the Assistant Commandant of BSF, Muktapur, dated 12th February 2024 and copied to the Subdivisional Officer, Amlarem Civil Subdivision, Amlarem, the WJSU wants and demands that all the Asstt. At the Commandant level, there shall be such committees between the Border Security Force and the Border Rangbah Shnongs under the jurisdiction of the Asstt Commandant.
Immediately after receiving this information, the bomb disposal police from Tura rushed to the scene.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to request the National Green Tribunal (NGT) to lift the ban on coal mining in the state.
“There is no problem in rainfall for 10 months only in Wah Umiam,” said Ri Khasi Khongshei.
He said he has also requested the government to allocate funds for the completion of seven bridges on the Shahlang-Riangdim road and the government has promised to do whatever is necessary.
The deceased were identified as Thal Shadap, Nikhasi Dhar, Sik Talang, Tal Nartiang, Chirup Sumer and an Assam Forest Guard policeman.
Heimonlang Nongpluh is the first retired IPS officer to be appointed as the Chief Information Commissioner (CIC) of Meghalaya.
When asked whether there has been a registration with the MPCC, James said, “I don't know if it has reached the MPCC office, because it is the responsibility of the office”.
Speaking to media, he said that in East Khasi Hills District, 12 cases include one soldier and 11 civilians, in Ri Bhoi District, one soldier and one civilian. In West Garo Hills District, 39 cases include 29 BSF personnel and 10 civilians.
Shillong, March 22: The All Jaintia Hills Social Welfare Organization (AJHSWO) has visited the PHC in Nongbah in the past few days.
He said that the supporters from all over the country have given their full support to him especially when he was an MLA he has done many development works in the area and if he gets the ticket this time, he will can reach the goal again.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the 12th of this month at about 2:00 AM when Toman Bethom Marwein broke into her house and robbed her. and he struck it with the edge of the sword, with the words of byrngem byrsit.
We didn't want to file a complaint and just explained the incident in writing and it was later amended," he said.
According to Bah Chyne, the government should release the salaries of the employees so that they can escape from the crisis.
He alleged that the ruling party has only sent a copy to the members for two days and has no contact with the opposition.
HDR Lyngdoh is the former Minister of Home Affairs of Meghalaya and the candidate of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
According to him, if the central government takes action to pass this Bill, it has already been decided that it will become law.
Along with the students, the training was attended by Kong Diammon Bareh Chairperson Women's Church Jowai Presbytery, Adviser Women's Church Pastor CL Laloo and others.
India will host the G20 Presidency from November 1, 2022, and take the lead in discussions related to today's challenges.
When asked why they don't want to go to the place allocated by the government, Bah Ardent said they don't want to go because it is a market place for them.
But this is all just a misunderstanding.
Regarding the death announcement, the family members and the villagers have urged the health department to investigate before announcing the death. They also said that they are all sad that the family members have been declared dead.
The World Health Organization (WHO) said today was the highest number of cases worldwide, with 183,000 cases in 24 hours.
On the other hand, the Member Secretary also handed over the garbage dumps to various units of the university.
The union expresses its anger at this violence and cheating by these companies on the income generation of the indigenous people.
It's up to you what words you enter in the ChatGPT App. Scientists say that this will bring about many changes in human behavior.
“However, during the inspection, the Seng found that there are about 30-40 foreign households and many foreign shops without permits.
The dead were from 40 cities in Myanmar, the report said.
The Minister of State for Forests, Prestone Tynsong, said that the price has been increased since
Speaking to media, Babu Airpeace Rani said the MCTA will continue to oppose the implementation of the NEP without following the rules.
“I strongly condemn the disrespect and rudeness of this policeman in uniform and who doesn't know how to have dignity when speaking understandably,” said Bah Pyniaid. They understand that they cannot provide food and drink to the drivers, they should not hold the vehicle but they should use Government vehicles and use their own people.
Shillong, Nailur 7: The FKJGP Southern Ri-War Zone (FKJGP) recently visited the Wahjapuh Bridge, which is located on the road from Ichamati to Majai. Ksanboklang Kharshing said that the bridge which has already been allocated funds for the reconstruction of the bridge is still standing.
Superintendent of Police (Crimes) Vivek Syiem said that these men were arrested today on charges of trying to reconcile the child with the robbers.
“The manner in which this order has been expressed to ban any rally and others throughout the district without proper reasons and grounds is very shocking.
Referring to the concerns of the farmers in the State, Bah Lyngdoh said that although there are no sufficient figures on the number of farmers who have been recognized and registered with the Government, the farmers across the State need the support.
The Jirang Hima Dorbar in 2007, decided that no NoC should be issued in areas without vegetation and those areas where one or two NoCs should be issued should be removed. The king did not hold a council.
“The NPP leaders have worked day and night to hide the facts that the NPP and BJP have formed a joint government under the MDA umbrella. which has brought the state back.
“This is a violation of the dignity of the House,” said Saleng.
The State Government may also, through notification in the Gazette, include in this list any person or resident of this district and may also from time to time remove or extend the list. this is the judgment.
Lajong had several chances to score but they missed but this didn't stop the team from securing three points from this match. first team to avoid a clean sheet among their games this season.
When Jesus cast out a demon from a man, the demon cried out, "Nazarene?" Have you come to destroy us? I know thee who thou art, the Holy One of God" Luke 4:33-3
Recently, Lummawbah – Upper Shillong where Lummawbah Village was ready to build a Lower Primary School, a Community Hall and an Indoor Stadium. The contractor had to remove and remove even the paia (nar rot) which he had thrown into the hole. .
He criticized MP Bah Vincent H Pala for speaking against the political parties as the pillars of development and said, “Have only those 5 or 6 households from Mawthabah won MP?” to mislead and mislead the most intelligent MP that the speech should be only on the road and not on uranium.
As anger against India, from the border crossing; China has decided to suspend its imports of pigs from India from now on and this will affect other goods it imports from India.
These books will be very helpful in the training of those in charge of village development in rural areas.
Tapan Mallakar of Kailashaher confirmed that Bappan came with four others to try to kidnap the elderly man twice and it was the fourth time that they managed to kidnap him.
“Therefore, my patients, who have contacted me, from 21st to 24th November 2020, should follow the laws and regulations of the government,” the statement said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Dr DD Lapang congratulated the RBYF for taking this step to purchase land and build an office, because through this office they will be able to communicate with the RBYF. for many purposes related to Ri Bhoi and the Jaidbynriew as a whole.
The number of cases has now risen to 25,922 and the death toll to
At the same time, he urged the Seng Samla Hima Langrin under the leadership of Bah PS Lyngdoh to bring peace and order in the Hima.
The Digital India program aims to open up digital opportunities to all people and is transforming rural governance.
He said that if all the goods are transported only from Shillong it will be difficult, so they have arranged to send the traders to transport from Khanapara because the stock in Khanapara is still plentiful. in these few days they will arrange for the merchants to leave.
People who are not depressed may not like to participate in any activities, but you have to participate in any activities.
But if one person is evil, you will blame everyone. Is that the evil thought of your heart? In fact, you should pray earnestly for them and encourage them, to encourage them not to back down, to be brave and stand firm to serve this work which is one of the greatest missions before the man of God.
How many of them have been placed in isolation centers we don't know but many of them have been ordered by the government to self-quarantine.
In the final, Ïawpaw Football Club became the winner by beating 3-0 goals.
Furthermore, during the inspection, the NFR staff also inspected the old equipment for the replacement with new equipment which is in line with the latest technology. .
In this regard, Jaiaw Laitdom has requested the Mawlai Phudmuri not to feel sorry for the mistake and will respect it at all times and promised to cooperate in the development works and other activities from the Mawlai Phudmuri. for the good of society.
Meghalaya scored 104 runs in the first innings and 178 runs in the second innings.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 177 cases, including 44 cases of fever and jaundice.
Shillong: Various political parties including the GSU, FKJGP, ADE and AYWO have strongly opposed the establishment of a separate District Council for the Hajong, Rabhas, Koches, Boro-Kacharies and Mann.
In the evening, Thapa from Assam fought against Abhinash Jamwal of Himachal Pradesh in the light welterweight category 60-63.5kg and won 4-3
He also promised that for the 2nd Phase, assistance will be provided to the College through the People's College Grant-in-aid Scheme of the State Government, so that the College can continue to provide education. He also congratulated the Managing Committee of the College for reaching its 25th anniversary by supporting the needs of the College.
Rani said the MUDA officer had ordered him to return the money he had given to Wansted Syiemlieh up to T.2000 as it was not the price.
Jowai, Nailar 26: Diza's Socio & Sports Club (DSSC) will hold the Miss Jowai Pageant 2023 this year under the theme “Empower Her: Grace, Culture, Sustainability”. December, 2023.
Being one of the most important things especially for us young people.
The death toll was 3,419 from Madrid and 2,616 from Catalonia, the report said, among other parts of the country.
The Word of God says, at that time, God will pour out upon the house of David upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and prayer shall look upon Jesus whom they have crucified. They will mourn for Jesus (Messiah) as one mourns for his only son,,...... on that day there will be a great mourning in Jerusalem.
In the second half, Mawkyrwat SA started to fight hard to score the first goal but despite the hard work of Mawkyrwat SA, Mawkyrwat SA didn't score a goal. Photjaud-Rangthong SC also didn't allow the ball to reach the goal.
God exposed Saul's sins with these words: “Saul, Saul! Why do you persecute me?” On the road to Damascus, God stood for the people who were weeping and wailing because of their troubles and persecutions.
“I am sorry that as our MP ... our people are right,” said Ma Shallam.
The opening ceremony started at 12:30 pm and the MLA of War Jaintia District Ma Lahkmen Rymbui was the chief guest in the presence of the DC, SP of the district, MPGCL officials and the people of the area. .
His mother and mother gave him plenty of time to prepare books.
“It has upset us at home because for whatever reason we don't know she has gone and now we don't know where to look and her mobile phone has turned off,” said the family members.
NASA has found a place to land on Mars in 2020 on a lake that has been collapsed billions of years ago.
HM Shangpliang said the party has appointed seven new Presidents of Districts in Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills.
ULFA (I) leader Paresh Baruah is currently undergoing treatment at a hospital in China.
The winners of Rnong were Lakhon Lanong Cadet Boys in Committee (57Kg), Iwan Naki L.Khongjee Sub Junior (12 yrs) in Committee Girls (40Kg), Daphilahun M. Wahlang (54Kg) and Junior Lyngkhoi. in the 48kg category and Dutyful Lyngdoh Women in the 50kg category.
Initially, the magistrates and police tried to talk to the HITO to allow only three or four of its leaders to leave but after a while the magistrates agreed. that they marched after the party leaders promised to march smoothly and not to cause any disturbance.
The CEM said that the EC has also discussed other Bills such as in the Elaka where there are about 54 Hima or Raid which do not have acts, with the intention that the Hima do not have laws and regulations. that they should not have their own laws.
Balse said that when asked about the vacancies that have been appointed recently, the Director has told them that they are only temporary appointments and will expire in three months. The department will send the applicants to the District Selection Committee (DSC) to invite applicants. The Directorate urges the District Health Office (DHO) to post notices inside the office of the District Health Office (DHO) and to inform through the media. The news is that the youth who have learned to apply for those jobs because if they are appointed, the party will not accept them at all, and if there is a job to appear, the party will not accept them. for the benefit of the young people.
He also urged the Prime Minister to advise the Government of India to suspend the movement of central security forces to the state for the time being.
All vehicles entering and leaving Tura have been ordered to patrol and search.
Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, Chief Minister of Mawkyrwat Constituency and Minister of Water Affairs, Meghalaya, raised the Lama of the country and saluted the Parade. students from five schools including the National Cadet Corps (NCC) of Sngap Syiem College, Mawkyrwat and Police.
Foning said the government has a drip irrigation scheme to provide water to the roots of the sohniamtra trees.
This year, the IIFA was attended by the Department of Culture and Tourism – Abu Dhabi (DCT Abu Dhabi).
He also called upon the private sector, Seng, Dorbar Shnong, Hima and District Council to work hard and try their best to fight and protect the land and border.
“To Kmie, we'll think again...” The father continued. They both agreed to think again.
' said Aihok.
“We too sympathize with the people who have suffered by our strike, so we have decided to end the strike and continue to serve the people in need, our strike is not to “We are ready to cooperate with the government so that the work can move forward,” said Bah Pyngrope.
Last year, the BSF seized a smuggling of Magnet stone worth T.39.47 crore.
There is no difference between the parties whether they are large parties or parties in the states – all of them want their relatives to sit for various reasons.
In his speech, Bah D.Hynniewta urged not to catch, kill or exterminate Sim Kbeit or other species of birds, wildlife and not to cut down or loot the trees and shrubs. various plants in the hills or in the forests.
Not only that, the government will also support the rich to learn from abroad.
The meeting was conducted by the College Convener WEH Lamin, who is also the Convener Silver Jubilee. I.Dkhar Vice Principal Higher Secondary and a song by the teachers and students of the College.
Christmas itself exists and brings the message of peace, world peace and goodness to all people.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has held a meeting to discuss the motion tabled by Mylliem MDC Ronnie V Lyngdoh on the issuance of trading licence. to companies that carry out development projects that the indigenous people are not yet able to work.
The two fugitives were identified as Rovimezo Kaite and Mapuyanger Jamir.
The final match from the start to the end of the first half was very close in which both the teams struggled to score but could not take advantage of the opportunities to score. everything changes.
The KSU NKHD Unit through this statement expresses its strong will to continue to oppose the attempts of the brokers, brokers, Hima and so on to expedite the documents to sell the land to the The Syiems, the District Council should stop the scheme of selling land to the BSF. Don't try to issue NOC because the people know that you are the stieh of the Jaidbynriew to protect the land if you KSU will give a strong answer through your work and the KSU will give a strong answer, said the statement.Khliehriat June 14: Ka 'er langthari kaba la wan A tornado has destroyed several houses in Malidor village, East Jaintia Hills District, this morning. Many people have been left homeless and have been hiding for a while in the houses of their neighbours.
The Seng calls upon all the Sengbhalang in the state and also the people in the state to be united in demanding that the state government should take action to resolve the border issue. It is located between Meghalaya and Assam.
Commenting on the demarcation, Dr Mukul said that the ancestral land of the ancestors has been destroyed under the leadership of the BJP government. without being responsible.
The main reasons for these farmers to take their own lives are the lack of agricultural productivity.
The stripe upon his body for our reconciliation by his wounds healed us and by his death saved us.
Despite the heavy rain, tens of thousands of fans of Shillong Lajong arrived before the start of the match which was scheduled to be played at 3.30 pm at Shillong will play against Pune Football Club.
The match was held at Mawlangwir Stadium where Renikton L. Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency was the chief guest and Carnes Sohshang MDC Mawkyrwat Constituency was the Symbud Chief Guest.
The program was concluded with a prayer by Rev.Dr.ER Tongper.
Nongpoh, June 27: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) today held a capacity building workshop on the National Clean Air Program on how to prevent pollution and clean air is essential for people to breathe at a meeting held at CTI, Byrnihat.
In this regard, he said that at the beginning of the Government's implementation of FOCUS, there were only 1,000 farmers who expressed their desire to see the free land. training on how to turn Lakadon into powder and how to market it.
According to sources, the robbers not only set fire to the residence of the MLA, but also set fire to two vehicles parked in the ground floor of the house of the MLA. you are an MLA of the Congress.
The union has given 24 hours to the DC of East Jaintia Hills District to explain the letter written by the Member Secretary, dated March 3, 2020 to the MoEF&CC and the DC of East Jaintia Hills District. Hills District and in this letter it is clear that the Public Hearing has been held twice and the MSPCB has requested the MoEF&CC to leave the Public Hearing and introduce or use the Public Hearing. Para 7(i) Stage 3 Clause (v) of the EIA 2006 to allow Star Cement to obtain Environmental Clearance without the need to hold a Public Hearing to mine Bricyrnot coal in a place with at least 42.
She said that the smuggling of women is mostly by rail where at least 5 lakh women are smuggled in 10 years.
“We will discuss to read the content of the CAB because it is not good to talk in the field, to shout in the field, it will not reach anywhere, we should discuss to read the content of the CAB. “It is because during the elections there was an attempt to mislead or propaganda just to oppose the BJP,” said Shibun and stressed that the CAB is necessary for the country as a whole.
Mizoram residents opened fire on the vehicle of Deputy Commissioner, Cachar, Keerthi Jalli and several Assam policemen were also injured in the incident.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the government will now focus more on the more prominent sports so that the state can win medals in the National Games and other tournaments.
Kulbir said that such training has been conducted not only in this state but also in other states of the country.
He urged the people to be tolerant and maintain unity in the community.
Jowai Behdeinkhlam, which is well known, has only nine villages or townships in Jowai excluding those from Shillong and Ummulong and only 12 Rots are delivered while the Tuber Behdeinkhlam is delivered every year. Twenty-nine villages and 60 to 70 Rots took part in the event.
The Government of India and other opposition parties today decided to accept several bills to be tabled in the Rajya Sabha, which ends on 13th June. 2019.
Before the departure of the team, a short meeting was held in which AJCA president Edystone Shylla congratulated the players and coach Yoohimitre Patwet on their success.
The funds allocated for the projects are paid by the public and not by any political party.
The championship has helped to instill the spirit of fighting among the participants and also to promote the sport especially in the state.
“Most young people have completed enough education to compete for jobs legitimately.
Speaking on the occasion, the elders of the Kur Lamare, Kordor Lamare, explained on the topic of “Ka Jingïatylli”, u Heiporme. Lamare on “Respect and Family”, while Marbiangki Lamare spoke on “Preservation of the Environment”.
The President of FKJGP East Jaintia Hills District, Bah M Suting, said that the FKJGP is also pleased with the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai on this victory. The union congratulates the Dorbar Shnong Thangskai and the office of the Deputy Commissioner.
After the implementation of these measures they will have to pay tax at the rate of 22% and once these measures are implemented they cannot be withdrawn.
The Dorbar Shnong under the leadership of Mr. Edystone Shylla as Waheh Chnong has taken steps to improve the cleanliness of Iawmusiang Market since the fight against COVID-19 in 2020 and this has brought about some changes in the market. People have started to throw garbage in the right places.
The arrested were identified as Abu Sama Ahmed and Jakir Hussain.
Regarding the suggestion that the KHADC has a lot of money without any conditions and for that reason the revenue collection gate has been set up, the Court said that the KHADC has the right to do so. not only if the law allows it.
Wow your comment is the best because it's true at the moment.
“In the investigation, we found that Medhi Ronghang, the dealer who distributes the ration to these four villages, has already collected the ration from the wholesaler shop, but has not delivered it back to the village to distribute to the people. who are entitled to receive ration,” said Bah Lumlang Mawnai.
The total number of recoveries has risen to 13,139 and the death toll has risen to
At the same time, this increase in tourism has put the village at risk of increasing the influx of tourists and affecting the cleanliness of the village.
The heavy rainfall, which lasted for hours on the morning of July 17, has caused heavy flooding in many parts of Nongstoiñ.
The union once again said that the arrest of Bangladeshi members last month was a stingy count by the authorities and within a day they were arrested again and this shows the weakness of the government and the lack of attention. government to look into such illegal activities.
Raising this question, Dr Roy said the government cannot track down these foreigners and what is needed is that it should take the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnongs to prevent this.
She said that the file is for the cleaning of four roads implemented under the NREGS scheme and the cleaning of the Central Scheme NREGS. to sign the file which includes the work in Dom Wahlhuh, Laitryngew, Dong Shyiap, Laitryngew, Thangkharang and Mawmluh, is because the work was done without the knowledge of the Engineers.
In a petition sent to the Chief Minister, the MIMT urged the government to consider increasing the salary from 5% to 15%. The existing recruitment quota should be shared with the Schedule Castes.
“I don't know why he says this and I have to ask the State Unit AITC to answer whether they intend to make him an MP candidate or not,” he said. you have the right to ask for RTI in all aspects, not to wait for foreigners".
The Abode of Clouds is also the shiphew in terms of malnourished people but candidates can feed the crowds during elections.
The HITO members were angry and sat on the road to block the road, but they released the ambulances.
Mawponghong SC played hard again and tried to score but Umkseh SC didn't lose heart and showed their strength.
The State Electricity Board has lost Rs 9 lakh for the construction of electricity generation plants at Kothagudem Thermal Station.
"“These are the issues that affect us the people and in fact the people should have benefited not only when they send their children to study medical but many The families should benefit from the treatment provided by this Medical College,” he said.
Elephant Valley and Mawphlang Monastery (which Prime Minister Narendra Modi visited when he visited the state in previous years), Lyngïong Monastery (which former Governor Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary) He visited Nongkhnum Village, Pamphyrnai Lake, Thadlaskeiñ Lake, Marngar Lake, Umiam Lake, Umshit Hot Springs, Golf Link, Nan Palok, Shillong. , Mawthadrashain Mountain, Sohpetbneng Mountain, Kyllang Mountain, Symper Mountain, Nongsynrieh Mountain, Kyrphei Mountain, Nehru Park, Aqua Park, Thangkharang Park, Along Park, Syntu Ksiar, Mawjynbuiñ Creek, Creek Syndai, Iawpaw Hill, Umngot River, Wahrew Bridge, Daiñthlen Valley, Nohka-likai Valley, Krangsuri Valley, Nohsngi Thiang Valley, Wahrashi Valley, Rynji Valley, Ram Khudoi Valley, Khoh , tourist attractions in Mawranglang, Mawlynnong, Laitlum, Mawlyngbna, Markham, Nongjrong, Mawbynna in Nartiang, fish sanctuary in Rohbah and many other places which cannot be mentioned here .
The youth was admitted to Lama village on 3rd June last year after sustaining serious injuries from a falling tree branch from parts of his head.
The Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union has been trying to intimidate the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, but the ASHAs of Meghalaya are brave and if anyone dares to dismiss the ASHAs during the Meghalaya ASHA strike The Workers Union will not rest, said Kong Myrsing.
Shillong, Naiwieng 28: Four members of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) have been arrested. ) and two members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) who were arrested in connection with the rally held by the FKJGP from Motphran to Madan Ïewrynghep on Monday evening have been released. They were released from Shillong District Jail after spending more than six months in jail.
Bah Dipshon also urged the Sports Clubs Mawlai to take part in other sports like Cricket which has many opportunities to develop the players even to the national level.
At the same time, the JHADC has directed the former Waheh Shnong of Jarain, Kliarbha Sana, to immediately stop the illegal market at Madan Sawshnong, the area under the jurisdiction of Amwi Ar Lyngdoh. September) 2020).
The Best Goalkeeper award was won in November.
Figo scored from the edge in the 82nd minute to give Shillong Lajong the lead. FC to win the title.
Since the construction companies of the Four Lane Road and the water pipe operators have installed water pipes in this area, Bah Rapsang said he has sent several letters to the Deputy Commissioner, Forest for clarification. , Revenue, PHE and NHIDCL regarding the construction without payment of compensation to the land owners but till now he has not received any reply.
The planting of these trees is also part of the celebration of World Environment Day.
The public awareness campaign was held at Jowai Police Station under the leadership of the Officer Incharge of Jowai Police Station, S.Mannar.
There is no one who can stand on the tree that bears fruit.
The foundation of any development will be measured by the benefits that people receive from these buildings.
He said in the letter that most of the hard earned money of the people has gone into the pockets of the insurgents.
Nongrim Hills scored the goals for B.Swer in the 13th minute of the first half and N Bina in the 54th minute of the second half.
She said that Meghalaya is also a meat-consuming state, and according to the government's estimates, per person consumes 35.27 grams of meat per day, 75 grams of milk per person per day. drink a day while 35 eggs are eaten alone in a year.
AMDA under the leadership of Kitbok Thabah is one of the organizations that guides the youth from time to time.
Integrity : integrity – integrity is a snapshot of yourself; longrynñieng is the nature of man.
Jowai, July 8: The Presbyterian Church in Wapung village today celebrated its 125th Quasquicentennial with the release of 125 balloons and 125 flags. A peaceful and peaceful Jubilee according to the theme based on Hebrews 13:8 which says, "Christ Yesterday, Today and Forever"
The article also pointed out the border dispute between Mizoram and Assam and on the same issue, it also pointed out the same border dispute with Assam, in which the states, Meghalaya, Nagaland, Mizoram and Arunachal Pradesh have the same dispute with Assam and on this issue, they have demanded that the Home Ministry of India should immediately resolve the dispute. he asked.
“The meeting of the ethnic parties in the past was only once under the umbrella of the Northeast Democratic Alliance (NEDA) to discuss development issues in the Northeast,” said the General Secretary of the UDP. At the same time, he said that as a party office bearer, he wants to clarify that the position of the ethnic parties is different from the position of the NDA. The ideology of the national parties is different from the ideology of the NDA,” he said.
The purpose is to worship God.
The resolution of the FCI has surprised the leaders of KHNAM as out of the 57 candidates there was only one Khasi youth.
Shillong, March 2: The West Garo Hills District Administration is looking for evidence to prosecute the Garo National Council (GNC) MLA Clifford Marak on charges of involvement in the smuggling of GHSMC members. at the DC's office in Tura and shook hands with the employees.
It means that we should not oppose what the believers say whether it is right or wrong, we should compromise.
He gave the example of the injection campaign in which Meghalaya in 2018 was the lowest among the states, but by taking measures, the State has been able to move forward and become second only after a few years.
Not only that, it was also stated that anyone found violating this order will be punished according to the rules of law.
“I have already spoken to the Chief Minister of Assam and confirmed that the second phase of the discussion on the boundary settlement will be held for the remaining 6 out of 12 land plots. “There will be no protests in Guwahati after the Independence Day celebrations,” he added.
The GSU also acknowledged that the Roster system is adequate, capable and will be able to provide equality to all.
:The song “Tang ha Phi” is a new Khasi song, featuring the tyngshop, Namphyrnai Mylliemngap and the singer, Urmila Kharmalki.
Shillong, Lber 2: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has spent T.35,95,82,347 tyngka (thirty-five crore nine hundred and fifty-two thousand three hundred and forty-nine tyngka) since June, 2015 till now. Neil Antonio War EM in reply to a question by Teilinia Thangkhiew MDC of the HSPDP from Mylliem in the dorbar held today.
The meeting also decided that if the state government does not listen and does nothing to their demand, the KHADC will meet with the Governor to inform him of the matter. They can also meet with the Ministry of Home Affairs to discuss the issue.
Nongpoh: About 14 foreigners, who tried to smuggle into the state, by sitting inside a tarpal truck, have been arrested at 10 pm this morning. Members of KSU and RBYF Umsning Circle.
He and Gaurav Jyoti Thakuria (18) scored 57 runs for the loss of the seventh wicket.
The love she had for her beloved was so strong that she prepared herself to face the challenge that came her way.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh on Tuesday demanded that Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs, should resign due to the inability of the Minister of Home Affairs. to protect the lives of the citizens of the State according to the requirements of the office he holds.
All these trucks were intended to transport the coal to JUD Cement Pvt Ltd.
We already have a Minister in the MDA-2 Government, where he and the MLA will convey and bring this to the MDA. He said that the HSPDP will also attend the meeting of all political parties. if there is a debate on this.
The Seng urges these organizations which have stirred up the Khasi people and especially the people of the area to apologize immediately especially to the MLAs whom we trust to advocate for us. inside the legislature.
“If there is any unfair work and there is any complaint, the department will take the necessary action,” said Bah Sniawbhalang.
Referring to the HNLC's demand to pardon all cases against the party and its members, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said the Government will have to talk to the leading leaders of the party because He also requested the leading leaders of the HNLC to come forward to the General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Saiñkupar Nongtraw. and Chairman, Bah Bobby Marweiñ to take part in the peace talks.
Harry Maguire scored in the 30th minute and Delle Alli in the 58th minute.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Monday inspected the Civil Hospital, Shillong and held a meeting with the officers to look into the relevant needs. and infrastructure and other emergency sectors.
The bus has cameras installed on the bus, which will detect if there are other vehicles coming from the same direction or which may collide face to face with the bus. The bus was used to check if there were any problems or obstacles on the road.
They obey the orders of the Government to go on census duty, election duty and other permitted duties.
On the part of the staff of Nazareth Hospital, they hope that the Government will take action to ensure that the laws of the country prevail, and that people respect human rights, and the citizens of the country. Dr Gardon Rangad, Medical Superintendent of the hospital, said:
The KSU has decided to close down foreign shops without permits after a meeting with the EM incharge of the Taxation Department, Wining Garland Sungoh on Thursday.
Police have rushed to the scene, but have not been able to stop the crowd from bombing these prisoners in Piahdong.
You also have stereo sound and a rotating stage.
On this issue, there was little discussion or writing until the State of Jammu & Kashmir was divided between two Union Territories, Jammu & Kashmir and Ladakh.
“We have banned the killing of school children,” said KJDSTA President ED Nongsiang while talking to reporters in the presence of Vice President RS Marbaniang and KJDSTA President Bah RS Marbaniang. Organizing Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem.
On our own land we can set up factories, jobs, we can hold our own income and self-government but if we don't have only a piece of land it means we don't have anything.
“We must take responsibility if the youth go to take up arms,” he said.
His total assets as of 31/3/2019 amounted to T.38,750 in cash and only T.4143 in the bank and T.1.27 crore in fixed deposit in SBI bank.
The winners will receive cash prizes.
It also helps to manage, guide and promote the nursing profession and explains to nurse administrators and supervisors how to support and provide care according to priority needs.
The man's name is Bulbul Alam.
Ma Hachwa Suna, General Secretary Mukhla Raid Pyllun conducted the meeting and welcome speech was delivered by UDA DSWO and Mutshwa Thabah, President Mutshwa Thabah.
Those who attended the meeting of the Working Committee of the AICU included church leaders from Catholic Associations from 120 States or Dioceses of the Catholic Church. who don't have India.
Scientists know that there are such bodies, because these bodies can be used to infect a sick plant with another healthy plant.
Those who violate and continue to sell and use will be fined and the goods will be confiscated by the law enforcement authorities.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Handle Mukhim, Chairman of the JAC, said that there will be a meeting of the members at 10 am tomorrow morning at 7mer and after that, they will leave for Lumshnong. They are expected to meet with the management of Star Cement Company and after that, they will discuss and listen to their answer before making another decision.
He said that when it comes to the Administrative Block, no employees came, but only a few who do not fall under NEHUNSA, while the members of NEHUNSA, 100% from those working in the Library and others. and they all took part.
He said for example, the word ieid, some people spell it ending in j, d, t and this needs to be corrected.
It is learned that the mob did not burn the inside of the house and no one was injured.
These actions will lead to the destruction of aquatic and soil life, damage to the environment and also to the threat to public health.
The Society demands that Bah Rimialson Daw should immediately retract his writings against Most Rev. Dominic Jala SDB, DD and should apologize to the late Archbishop Jala even if he has done wrong. He passed away, from his family (late Most.Rev.Dominic Jala) and from the Catholic Church through Facebook, Whatapp and newspapers for the public to know.
This road is constructed in the shape of a rural road and has not been designed for trucks or heavy vehicles.
Shillong: The BJP Meghalaya Unit, led by its President, Bah Ernest Mawrie, has discussed with the party leaders the issues of corruption in GHADC and JHADC, illegal coal mining and also the demand for coal mining. implementation of ILP in Meghalaya.
One of those places is known as the Motha Kyrsong Water Fall which is located in Wahbiar village of Iongnoh B village of West Jaintia Hills district.
India as such is a secular country.
Nongpoh: The Ri Bhoi District Sports Association (RBDSA) today held a General Council meeting to promote sports in Ri Bhoi District. once a year between the leaders of the RBDSA, to discuss issues related to the development of sports activities in the District.
The Union of Waheh Chnongs Jowai took this decision at a meeting after carrying placards to protest against the government's order through the Urban Affairs Department to clean up the garbage from the markets and households in Jowai.
According to the Minister, at present the engineers posted in the PIUs are too busy and need a lot of assistance.
Announcing this on Tuesday, Goyal said the government's intention to implement the second SVEEP is to announce publicly that youth who turn 18 years old in July can register. as voters.
“The Prime Minister has revoked the order and directed that it is the responsibility of the Press Council of India,” a government statement said.
Who knows maybe it is because the teachers have to struggle for salaries that the quality of education in the state will decline.
He also praised the students of Meghalaya who have done well abroad.
Various churches of the Catholic Church in Tura have decided to offer prayers for the victims of the conflict in Manipur and request the Creator to be with those affected in such times. who is mad.
The Union of Rangbah Shnongs (UNRHMS) has expressed its gratitude to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare through the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek and the officers of NEIG RIHMS, who have taken the initiative to hand over the The Bhoirym Bong CHC has been appointed to provide the best services to the patients of Ri-Bhoi East.
Former Chairperson of the Lokayukta PM Musahary issued the order on a corruption complaint filed by a Rangbah against Government Employees, who sought information on their livelihood.
“All the MDCs have come to me after the elections to talk about the arrangements but no MDC from Nongkrem constituency has come to me. Nongkrem,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
They alleged that the poor in the village even those who used to receive ration in the past have lost their names and there are only the names of the people who have received ration.
This year, as the country celebrates the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav as a mark of 75 years of Independence, the Ministry of AYUSH has launched the 100 days campaign which started on there were 100 teams participating.
Sinha praised the party's senior leaders, including LK Advani and Murli Manohar Joshi, for their hard work for the party and said they are capable of holding the party. any work, if it is assigned to them.
At the meeting, Bah Pynshngaiñ spoke about the problems faced by the Rangbah, VAB, MUDA and other issues and said that only the PDF has taken care of this issue and no others. even the Party.
He also stressed the need to work with boys especially in taking care of mental illness and to support them.
Group-E includes Hyderabad FC and Chennaiyin FC, Delhi FC, who have been promoted to the I-League, and Nepal's Tribhuvan Army Football Club.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Wanseng Jyrwa, Samla Bhabok Lynser and others, who congratulated both the contestants on reaping the fruits of victory.
Speaking on the incident, Chhetri said he had already informed the referee that he did not want to shoot when the players were blocked, but he said he had the right to shoot suddenly in a free. -kick that goes according to the rules.
He said the construction of the road from Mairang to Ranigodown will be completed in November.
Speaking as the chief guest at the opening ceremony of the EK Mawlong Memorial Football Trophy 2023, Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council (KAAC) Chairman Abhijit Kro said that the Khasi and Karbi peoples Those who live in the border areas shall not be afraid, but shall live in peace as brothers.
Similarly, the Punjab National Bank (PNB), as of 31st October 2019, has forgiven T.100 crore each to 94 borrowers of the bank, bringing the total to T.287 crore.
On 6.6.2023, the Peace Committee was elected.
On this occasion, there were also dance performances from Jirang Block, the honoring of Village Organizations (VOs), Cluster Level Federations (CLFs), Community Cadres and Rangbah Shnongs who work for the welfare of women.
The closing ceremony was attended by M.Lyngwa, District School Education Officer, teachers of the participating schools, students and Bah O.Mawthoh DSO. , Coaches, PTIs of the DSO EKHD office, Directorate of Sports and Youth Affairs, Athletic Directors of the State and others.
Justice BP Katakey has been appointed by the HC to head the committee to investigate whether the government is implementing the orders of the SC and NGT. The implementation of the Act has appointed him to continue to monitor and follow up on these orders in which the government will have to bear all the expenses for him.
Therefore, we should set up a checkpoint, otherwise there are people who smuggle to Bangladesh who are passing through our area,” said Bah Edmund.
The celebration of Christmas is not clearly stated in history since the year it was celebrated within the Christian Church, but as it appears from some writers and from the book (The Great Catholic Festival). It is said that the celebration of Christmas began in early 386 and 388 in Antioch by the priest John Chrysostom. Francis of Assisi celebrated A Mid Night Mass in Italy.
Jowai, July 09: The District Election Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the list of voters has been revised from the Draft Electoral Roll of the four Assembly Constituencies. Nartiang (ST), 2-Jowai (ST), 3-Raliang (ST) and 4-Mowkaiaw (ST) have been prepared according to the census date until Rules, 1960.
After the police have completed all the requirements of the NDPS, they have taken the suspect for further investigation. these drugs and the drinker at the same time.
There were only two children left in the village.
On Tuesday, while hearing a case related to illegal mining and transportation of coal, the High Court said that on May 3, 2023, a plaintiff in the Public Interest Litigation ( PIL) has admitted that he has been threatened by one of the kingpins or persons involved in illegal activities in relation to coal if he proceeds with the case.
He stayed here using pseudonyms like Ajaykanth, Dhanjay, and others.
Speaking on the job search, Ma Lehkmen Rymbui said that in this age, there is no need to set up large shopping malls, but they are in the shopping malls. your hands.
East Khasi Hills has 64 cases while West Khasi Hills has 63 cases.
I wonder, are the rumors of fear a witness? The answer collapses like a bottomless wall.
He asked why the 14 households who have not yet received assistance have not come to resolve the issue but have spread it in the media.
MR MEGHALAYA MEN'S PHYSICS AND CLASSIC BODYBUILDING, MR INDIA 2019 MEN'S PHYSICS and MR IFA CLASIC
Sam Chaphrang of Shillong Lajong FC was named Man of the Match.
On the passing away of Simon Siangshai, the Seng Kur Phawa Siangshai sends its condolences to his children, wife and all his relatives.
The investigation into these robbers by the police will continue to track down others involved and to find out their motive behind the incident.
He said that the boundary that the Nonglang Sirdarship does not want to extend to Assam is from the culvert to the east to the Upper Gizang Reserve Forest.
Shillong, Naitung 1: After the sudden departure of the opposition MDCs from the KHADC Dorbar which was held today, the Dorbar has passed all five bills without any objection. .
Thus, in 1829, when the Dawukdar Shella and the East India Company signed a social treaty of peace after the war, it became a ME (minor) school which flourished because of the talented students and intellectuals who emerged. thing.
The National Youth Day is celebrated on January 12 to commemorate the birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananda so that young people can follow his example in life, way of thinking, and example of others. great men and women who make India great.
Nongpoh, November 23: Journalists from Ri-Bhoi District have expressed their deep sorrow over the passing away of Bah Ronald Syiem, a fellow journalist with the Shillong Times from Nongstoin. the morning after a fatigue of about some time.
Even for those who have made a heartfelt promise, Jesus foretold that following him wherever he went would be difficult, and many would turn away.
On the other hand, the Seng Samla Mawkhlam through its Secretary, Bah Wilspar Sohlangpiaw, has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the child for her bravery. of I and I Hebrews.
The President of MUPF East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Kyrshan Blah, has congratulated the Superintendent for accepting the demand of the MUPF for the sake of protecting the students from injuries. the time when they jam from one side of the road to the other.
The purpose of holding this Dorbar Bah is also to gather and strengthen the unity of the jaidbynriew.
The Jongksha Grassroots Football Center also distributed jerseys to the children who took part in the tournament.
Furthermore, the High Court said that the illegal smuggling and illegal mining of coal continues even today based on what has appeared in the newspapers. “It is for this reason that the Court feels that the state police have not been able to stop this illegal activity,” said the High Court in its judgment.
Shillong: U Bah Hamlet Dohling, Minister in charge of Urban Affairs, today visited the Marten garbage dump at Mawlai. Your judgment is on this place.
Thank you for this thoughtful tip.
Ahmed, who has been missing for two months, was found in Shillong on Tuesday and was immediately taken to a mental health hospital but later evacuated. He was taken to Civil Hospital, Shillong under police custody.
According to the National Crime Records Bureau, in 2022 there were about 7,468 incidents of violence against children.
Dawanroy Nongpluh scored 71 runs (6×4 and 5×6) without falling to the end.
“It is easier to say to die than to say to divide the property because it is easier but we have said this because we see that there is a problem to make laws to Speaking to reporters on Friday, Bah Pangniang said that there is no discrimination against the friends from Ri- Garo Hills or the thought of benefiting themselves, but the allocation should be according to the voice and availability of the people.
This information came from his son, Ma Carmelo Lakiang.
The closing date for receipt of entries is November 22, 2022.
Dr. Karad spoke on the ways to improve access to financial services, especially in rural areas by opening more bank branches.
Interested and eligible candidates are requested to submit their applications through Online mode by clicking on the “Online Application" icon appearing in the website viz www.meghalayahighcourt.
For you also were once disobedient to God, but now you have received mercy because of their disobedience. Israelites) …….
Meanwhile, Bah Process T Sawkmie said that KHNAM and the community are confident that under the leadership of CEM Bah Nongrum, the Council will be able to do something in which the community will survive.
" “Near the Lukha River there is the Narpuh Wildlife Sanctuary which is covered with dense forests and various animals used to drink water from this river in the past, but now even the animals don't live anymore. “It's a good idea to drink this water,” said Lurstep and requested the State Government through its Environment Committee and other NGOs to monitor the pollution of this famous river. to find out the truth.
cancer is spread in public and AIDS is spread through the secrets of prostitution.
Nongpoh: There has been a sharp increase in the number of cases of COVID-19 in Ri Bhoi District.
In the second phase, the remaining seven areas are Khanduli & Psiar, Block I & Block II, Borduar, Langpih, Nongwah-Mawtamur and Desh Doomreah.
“I'm going too,” said the mother.
Shillong: The Khasi Heritage Village in Mawphlang Village has been donated by the Mawphlang Hima to the KHADC to preserve the name of the Khasi Hima.
They said this from time to time, while the other two knew that it was the others in the village who had turned stupid.
It is surprising that these Dkhars who came to work illegally without proper documents.
TDCA won the title by beating SCA by 4 wickets.
In another match, Portugal beat Slovakia 3-2, two goals from Cristiano Ronaldo to help Portugal qualify for the European Championship next summer. , with three races remaining.
“If we are in power, we have many opportunities to improve the income and employment opportunities for the youth and we also have opportunities to create jobs with the support of the Government of India. enough and the VPP is here to play that role," he said.
“Wow, what a sin that has happened to Kong Maya.
Rayjohn D Souza, a taxi driver, told India Today that Suchana Set's behavior was suspicious from the beginning and that he had asked her. on the weight of her bag, which she had let him carry into the car.
Nongstoiñ Nailur 18: The fishing competition held at Pamphyrnai Pond on Saturday, has shocked the elders and villages nearby, as it has never happened before so far. they will lose nothing just because of the traffic jam for many hours.
There is still a time to surprise people,With the voice of my heart to cry out,O son of Lyngngam, I tell you,Let it happen like in Ichamati.
“As of now, I dare to admit that I am the President of KHNAM because the ECI has not yet implemented the order issued on 15th November, 2018,” he said. My intention to resign as President is on the clear grounds of bringing peace and not for any other reason.
The Minister said that in the initial phase, about 3000 centers will be set up to accelerate the implementation of the mission in these centres, but by the end of these five years the target is to cover all the centres. villages within the State.
The KSU has also condemned the Waheh Shnong of Moolamanoh and alleged that he is the one who gave permission to the foreigners until the foreigners can misuse them. The name of Moolamanoh village in the registration of Aadhaar card.
Rebels in the town of Horlivka claimed responsibility for the attack, which took place near the village of Blahodatne, near the town of Volnovakha, Donetsk.
The scientists of the world are working day and night to find a cure for this disease but so far only a vaccine has been found to prevent or reduce the disease. to the sufferings of the plague.
The screenplay, dialogue, lyrics and costume design were written by Bah Raphael Warjri, who has been successful despite the lack of support and that it is not possible to appoint skilled workers in many fields.
Mukul said that while the friends and relatives who love him want and pray for him to stop, there are those who hate him and want evil.
“In this regard, the Ministry of Education has prepared a Matrix and has submitted it to the State Government for approval and regulation of the payment of salaries to the employees according to the Meghalaya Fifth Pay Commission,” he said. he said.
Competitions such as Art, Extempore Speech & Best Slogan were held for the students of Nongstoin Public Secondary School and prizes were awarded to the winners.
In fact, colleges should not accept students if their marks are too low.
Those smugglers who sell goods in the District were also warned.
At present, the SRGT as the land owner has leased the 1st Ground to the SSA until
Therefore, the post of MP is one of the posts and carries the burden of the country and the nation and don't say that the Congress has not won now but many people from all over the country have understood that this party is now the party. “It is necessary to come back to power to be free in these things especially in the worship of God,” said Ma Pala.
The SBYWA has expressed its full support to the coal miners and dealers association of East Jaintia Hills including the Jaintia Coal Miners and Dealers Association, East Jaintia Coal Suppliers Association, Jaintia Amalgamated Redressal Forum and Union Waheh Shnong, JSM East Jaintia Hills. , JNC, HANM, EJNC and others have opposed the government's decision to import coal from Assam to the cement factories in East Jaintia.
Meanwhile, former Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav has tested positive for covid-19 today.
The reason for the ban on coal mining is that the mining method in Meghalaya - liewkhnai coal mining - destroys, pollutes and pollutes the environment.
Last year, 2,500 metric tonnes of rice and wheat were stored in Baghmara, 5,000 metric tonnes in Byrnihat and 5,000 metric tonnes in Sohryngkham. There are also 5,000 metric tonnes and 2,500 metric tonnes plants under construction at Sohryngkham and Tura.
However, classical music has not disappeared because people still practice it, said Babu Chosterfield.
PFR Football Academy won the title by beating Iaineh Football Club 6-5 in the tie-breaker.
Meanwhile, some UDP leaders want to remove Pynshngaiñ from the post of CEM but some of them want to continue to support the EC of Bah Pynshngaiñ. Enjoy.
Because of the negligence or lack of recognition of the work of the employees in government offices, it has caused trouble and frustration to those who have fallen victim to this disaster.
He said that the government's permission to illegally mine coal has been a huge loss to the state as hundreds of crores of revenue that should have been received from the government budget has been lost. but it entered into the house of some.
On Saturday, the Chief Minister, Mukul Sangma, visited the factory which has been in operation for many years at Nongchram, East Garo Hills.
To take this statement in the Bible, Israel is the only nation that God created separately from all the nations of the earth.
On the other hand, the Deputy Chief Minister, Prestone Tynsong, said that he did not find any misuse of the money.
Pyndengrei SCSC opened the scoring in the 8th minute through Silbestar Thongni.
Before the meeting, the KSU will march from its office from Jaiaw Chapel Road to Motphran.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Lumshnong Unit has celebrated World Environment Day with the youth of Lumshnong on the 5th of this month.
Nongstoiñ, July 9: The District Magistrate of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Mairang, Bah G Kharwanlang IAS, has enforced Section 144 CrPC which prohibits and prohibits the illegal quarrying of stone along the Tiehnongbah Road. Lightfloor.
Trideep Branch.
Other speakers included Samlin Malngiang MLA, Reniktone L Tongkhar Minister, MN Mukhin EM of KHADC and all these speakers said that the meeting was called to clarify the powers and authority. of the Sixth Schedule to the nation.
The HNLC's announcement to come to the negotiating table came after the government said it would appoint two ksiang to bring the HNLC to the negotiating table.
Those who have joined the NPP are Nripendra Koch, Smith Momin, Dhormnath Sangma and Jasonsing Sangma from the Congress.
On the allegation that there are foreigners who are contractors who have built the village, the Sordar said that he does not know anything about it but he said that it is only in one place and that is in Bor Hill. He said that arrangements have been made with the land owners that the people who live there will live only according to the needs of the owners as they are rice farmers and they are the Chowkidars of the land. they must leave the area.
The statue of Jesus was found in a well while all the other objects around it were destroyed . Besides the statue , there was also a kind of altar built inside the place The altar did not burn, even though the fire had destroyed all the other things around it.
Evangel Pohplet is a young woman from a poor family but she has worked hard day and night to achieve this goal of bringing this title to her family and the area as a whole.
Rheadolf Nongneng Daloi scored the fourth goal for Sawmer from a penalty kick before the end of the first half.
He said that Nongjrong is a village surrounded by two rivers, the Umngot and Umtangphar rivers, but because it is a village on a hill, and the water tank is too small, the village is surrounded by two rivers. It is difficult to find water to reach the village.
He said that due to the shortage of staff especially engineers, the KHADC has already approved to appoint Technical Officers of MUDA in the Council office.
Shillong, July 28 : Office bearers and supporters of the Congress, NPP and BJP from different villages in Umsawrang area under Mawsynram Constituency have alleged that the person they won in the 2018 MLA election, Bah Himalaya Shangpliang, Bah Alvin Sawkmie, who was elected as an MDC in 2019 and will contest the upcoming elections from the NPP, said that they are alive. and 'hi-fi' or 'meng' and do not turn their backs on the poor and needy residents especially during the outbreak of COVID-1
The Secretary of the Village Organization, Lawshlem, Twissida Khyriem, said that the trep was constructed on the advice of the CLF, and was constructed in November 2023 and was completed in 3 days. that member for longkmie.
Sinha, who spoke in Hindi, said the Bill had passed in the Rajya Sabha because of the spread of false information among the people.
He added that on this basis, the Dorbar Shnong has decided not to accept him, even if he is no longer on earth.
These missionaries returned to their country in 1969 and the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church held a Thanksgiving Service for the Missionaries on 20 April 1969 at 1.00 P.M. it was inherited from the missionaries and the ancestors.
Babu Khongjirem said that all members of JACATAM will take part in this strike.
On the other hand, the city police have understood that the area is a huge illegal drug trafficking area and now they want to clean up the area from the illegal drug trafficking in the area.
In this regard, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said, “It is necessary to have an MSEC or Commission to look into the state of education in the state in order to bring about change”. .
The HFU has been registered since 1992 and I pay tribute to the previous leaders who have worked hard to improve agriculture in the state.
Speaking to media, Bah Titos Chyne said that the meeting has decided that the kilo cut in Ïewduh will end today although in fact since the office of the Syiem of Mylliem has been closed. The council has not received any complaints from the farmers since the announcement last year that it should no longer cut kilos.
AHAM East Khasi Hills Zone President Lobius Arengh and South West Khasi Hills Zone President T Sangma strongly condemned this crime and urged the DC to take strict action against those involved in this crime.
Fertilizer (Urea) – 9 kgs.
Mawsynram, the highest rainfall in India, received 717.6 mm in July
These four youths include Deacon Barnabas Syiem of Umden Parish and Deacon Jeffree Kharkongor of Laitkor Parish who are members of the Salesian Society of Don Bosco.
The residents were shocked after they found the pla, jainsem and mobile phone of the victim and the blood lying on the ground.
Solomon was on loan to Fulham, another English club.
The traffic jam in Shillong, perhaps, was the first.
The Lions, who tied first, scored 276 runs.
The truth is that if a person can save tens of thousands of rupees from his own pocket, he doesn't even need money.
The High Court of Meghalaya on Tuesday sought a reply from the SP of East Jaintia Hills under the rule of contempt for the continued illegal mining and transportation of coal in East Jaintia Hills.
“Every day should be a day to protect the environment,” said the Minister while urging the students and participants to remember to protect the environment.
“We sincerely appreciate the unity and solidarity of the Naga people who have not hesitated to fight for the justice of their fellow citizens who have died in the hands of the law enforcement agencies,” he said. Eldie Newton Lyngdoh, Vice President of FKJGP.
The North East is a peaceful country between different ethnic groups but now it cannot be said that elections are near or that there is a wind for the country, because groups have emerged that speak out for their demands. This is a sad thing that has never happened in the state and in the country.
“I will meet with the Minister of State of India to discuss the problems faced by the state in the power sector and to ensure that the NTPC will have to immediately remove this power supply. James K Sangma said, “It's a good idea to have a clean slate.
Now it has 11 ministers, but only 2 ministers.
Nongstoin: Four persons have been arrested by the Assam Police on the 15th of this month for making a khilon to welcome Bah Kimfa Marbaniang, MLA of Rambrai Jyrngam.
Finally, the Dorbar decided that those who have been fined should pay the fine as the winners.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 17: The Regional Committee for West Khasi Hills District will recommend to the State Government that it needs to persuade the Assam Government to be a little more encouraging. Non-Khasi and non-Garo in Langpih Sector will fall under Meghalaya.
We must correct all the mistakes that the world has recognized us through mistakes and the correction will be a blessing and a reason for our Khasi people to recognize only one name that is the Jaitbynriew. Khasi.
On 1st June 2022, the price of buiam, 19 kilos, was increased by T.250 and earlier, on 1st October 2022, the price was increased by T.105 per buiam.
He urged the residents to stay patient during these days, so that the electricity supply can be met.
In the girls' category, OM Roy Memorial Higher Secondary School won the first prize and Providence School came second.
He said that in Nagaland, if the laws of the Central Government do not agree with Nagaland, only the power of the Governor is sufficient to suspend the implementation of the laws of the Central Government. Sixth Scheduled laws of the Government of India can come into force even if they do not agree with the people of the state and to amend this it has to be taken to the President of India as happened to the VAB of KHADC. happen because we don't have clear laws.
“He expressed his satisfaction and said that he wants to see Meghalaya move forward and resolve the issue immediately.
Shillong, June 23 : The Harijan Panchayat Committee (HPC) on Tuesday admitted that the Harijans are long-standing residents of the area and are not illegal immigrants.
Earlier, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, said that so far there has been no confirmed case of swine flu in the state and the department has taken action and directed all health facilities to be attentive and cautious to take precautions.
They also said that this one-year training not only helps to train them in this field but also helps to gain knowledge and understanding by taking them to different places.
At least 41 people have been killed in a riot at a female prison in Honduras, a source said yesterday.
Also present were Pyntngen Mashli, President of Shillong Law College and other members.
Then they went around the hills, rivers, forests and villages of the Khasi areas, cutting down the trees.
He said to stop Bangladeshis, they should not be given houses, jobs, jobs and women should not be treated badly.
“As of November 2023, our village has 720 households and out of these, not less than 400 households have planted Soh Ñiamtra, which means that more than half of the villagers have planted Soh Ñiamtra. .
Furthermore, the RBYF has expressed its deep sorrow over the overloading of the dumpers of the DCC company and their disrespect for the people passing through Mawhati road due to the traffic jam. and most of the residents have to walk along this road which is under construction, as well as by walking on the roads and village roads constructed under the PMGSY scheme which can lead to Therefore, the union has warned that if these village roads are damaged only half the time due to the movement of stone trucks, the DCC should take responsibility to He said that the union will conduct an inspection and if found that the company is still damaging the environment, the union will take other stronger measures. , said Mr. Reynold.
“This is a great joy and honor to both of them, Kong Silbi Passah who received the Padmashri from the President of India and also to Fr. Ïoannis War Pakma who wrote and The book was published by researching the writings of Professor HW Sten,” said Ms. Streamlet.
The end of HS Prannoy's career in the semifinals of the Indonesia Open is a job that the player has to leave behind as he will now have to fight again from the tournament. He will lead the national team to another tournament which will start today (Tuesday) the Taipei Open.
The hospital is Jarain PHC and has been upgraded to Sub Divisional Hospital with 50 beds.
To himself he thought there would always be something inside their souls.
I don't know why, because yesterday at 11:00 pm there were still people who saw him in Jowai, after that we didn't think this would happen.
The population of Bangladesh is estimated at 16 crore and Bangladeshi Hindus alone number 1.6 crore.
“For three years, my son has never gone outside or talked to his friends and neighbors and this has worried me,” said Suran Majhi, after being released. , and I was locked up inside the house.
The union congratulates the current doctor who is working physically and spiritually for the welfare of the residents of this area.
Shillong, July 20: The HSPDP, under the leadership of its President, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, in a statement released by Bah T. Nongphud, has invited all the volunteers who have volunteered to participate in the don't take part in the Hill State election.
The rain that falls after many months of drought.
In this age of struggle, the youth need not only to reap the fruits of victory but also to climb to the heights of victory.
The arrangement of the boundary is from the place called DI-ÏANG to PHOT SPIAR in accordance with the marking and marking of the Mawpuds made by the ancestors.
“We have been knocking on the door of the church and the government, but no one has helped us,” said Sister Anupama, one of the nuns, who took part in the march organized by the Joint Christian Council.
The suspect came in a Gypsy ML05J-7060 and drove it to Jowai By-bass near Thadlaskein. Police arrested him from there.
Helen Giri explained, “The Khasi should spend a lot of money when they have any cases in the court in Sohra.
Dr Laloo assured that the government will use its brain on this issue.
Nongstoiñ: The Rangbah and Village Leaders of several villages in the Langpih area, including Langpih, Nongma Market, Nongmawlong, Nongmawlein, Mawkhap, Mawsohram and other villages, in the past few days, Last year, they held a meeting with the former MLA of the area, Bah KP Pangniang to discuss the issue of setting up three polling stations in the area, despite the strong opposition of Assam.
Prestone said the NPP has not fielded candidates in all the constituencies in these two district councils, but has fielded candidates only in the constituencies where it is confident of winning.
Soline Jaba (1/23), Riticia Nongbet (1/25), Luiza Tamang (1/28), Ajima Sangma (1/32) and Deiphibapynshngain L Mawnai (1/32) took wickets. /40).
Complete application form (in Standard Form) should reach the office of the Commissioner of Transport, Madanryting, Sawlad, Shillong- 793021 in any working days between 11:00 AM to 04:00 PM.The last date of Submission of Forms is 02- 09-2019 up to 04:00 PM.The eligible Applicants will be called for Written Test to be followed by Personal Interview for the successful candidates to be conducted on dates to be Notified by the Departmental Screening Committee of the Department.
Shillong: U James K Sangma, Minister of State for Electricity and Power, today wrote on his Facebook page that the National Thermal Power Corporation Limited (NTPC) has withdrawn its restrictions on the electricity supply to the state.
At this time we need to understand how we pay taxes to the government.
Punjab also continued to play strongly but the forwards could not finish in terms of scoring.
Mumbai Indians will start their tournament this year with an away match against RCB at the M.Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bangalore. on the 2nd of June.
The Operation Clean-up since the beginning of the Umkaliar River in 2019 has met with the Rangbah Shnongs of Lapalang, Nongrah, Rynjah, Umpling and Nongmynsong. for the Umkaliar flows through these villages.
Shillong, November 13: The Seng Lyngdoh Thabah Seng Kmie has invited all the Parakurs from all over the country to celebrate their Golden Jubilee on the 16th of this month at Jaïaw Lumpyllon Dorbar Community Hall. Hynniewtrep to take part in this day.
On the language, the Minister said that she has been informed that there are some requirements that the Government will have to do and now the Government is doing this.
And that is to restore to Israel a great and wide border, because God cannot forget what he promised, from the days of Abraham, God said – “To the seed of Israel I HAVE GIVEN YOU THIS LAND, FROM THE RIVER OF EGYPT TO THE RIVER Euphrates.
“You see the reason is because my children can no longer work and have gone far away.
Mothers should also be more careful not to give birth to their children without being able to provide for them.
Former Tripura Chief Minister and BJP leader Biplab Kumar Deb has escaped death after being hit by a car, Chandigarh Police on Tuesday said. Biplab, 20, of Haryana, has been hit by a vehicle parked on the GT Road.
After the death of the child, the parents of the child lodged an FIR with the police alleging that as soon as the child received the injection, after about 10 hours, the child became weaker and weaker. he died.
There was only one person in the vehicle who lived in Rangia, Assam even though he had previously lived in West Bengal.
Rapmiki Sutnga, a young man who saw the need to provide protective equipment during the football match, has donated a stretcher to the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) for use in case of injury during the match on Saturday. .
According to the estimates submitted in the budget, the government is expected to collect revenue of T.9282 crore which is less than the previous revenue of T.11,156 crore.
The woman, who claimed to be a Sub Inspector, has committed many fraudulent acts in connection with the extortion of money from people by promising to provide employment to many people in the country. According to sources from the West Khasi Hills District Police Station, the woman has been committing this fraud since November 2015, when she was arrested. She also met with another person identified as Bah SL Mawlong from Langtor area at one of the places in Mawdiangdiang.
“This is probably a good thing or an example for others who are in such a position to get rid of that syier,” said Lumlang.
Editor, In my personal opinion, it would have been better if there had been no change in the MP election to be held on 11/4/2
Man can show off his wisdom and power in front of men, but God does not accept all these things, because God does not see as man sees, man sees. but he keeps the heart.—1 Samuel 16:7
He said that through the inclusion of the Khasi language in the fifth grade, it will also open up opportunities for the youth in employment.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District authorities have closed down the homes of Jerry Leiss Fancon in Malki due to the presence of covid 19 cases in Malki. , Sweety Jala and Winnie Amandaleen Kharmujai in Malki Kharmalki, the houses and grounds of Larisha Kharsati, Cicilia Suting and Ellabella Suting in Khliehshnong, Malki. Mandalyn Lyngdoh Mawnai, Albinia Lyngdoh Mawnai, Reena Lyngdoh and Sylvanus Shangpliang of Malki Chinapatty.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya and National President of the National People's Party (NPP), Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the TMC will soon reform as there will be MLAs who will join the NPP. other parties too.
Therefore, if the government really cares about agriculture, it should not just talk in words, but should show by deeds. “Words will not be useful if we don't do actions,” said Commander Shangpliang, President HFU Central Body.
Rihanna said she plans to have three to four children in the next 40 years and that will happen whether she is married or not.
The money has reached hundreds of crores just for the equipment and if the Central Government is quick to release it, it will benefit the VECs who have been waiting to receive all the money.
The second match was played at 03:45 pm, where the players of PFR Football Academy beat Mawlai SC 2 – 1 goals. The first goal came in the 15th minute through Iaisonlang Dohling but PFR FA responded through a goal from Kevinson Synrem two minutes after the first goal. the game by 1 goal.
“Conrad will follow in the footsteps of his father,” he added.
My brother stands for the nation and I will stand for the rights of my brother,” he said.
Raid Laban College won the first prize followed by Synod College in second place and Shillong Law College in third place.
Shillong: Former President of the BJP Youth Wing, Bah Egenstar Kurkalang, today joined the UDP with his supporters at a meeting welcomed by the President of the BJP. Dr Donkupar Roy, General Secretary Dr Jemino Mawthoh, UDP President TW Chyne and others.
Sadly, as happened in Pamphyrnai, the death of an unborn child due to the inability of the mother to go to the hospital to give birth.
The Dorbar Shnong has banned anyone from smuggling in the rivers and surrounding rivers within Lapangap village including Pynthor, Mynski and Mynriang rivers.
His best selling songs are “Jadu aiu sha” among others.
Furthermore, the union urges the state government to strive to complete the entry and exit points immediately and to enact more laws to curb the illegal entry of foreigners.
He urged the village headmen to attend this meeting which is necessary to address the issues of the community.
“The people of the state should support the BJP because the rural people are well aware of the schemes they have received under the leadership of Modi as the Prime Minister of the country.
It was also suggested to set up a media committee to look into these issues of journalists in the state.
The day ended with the final match between Mawpynthih SC and Umlympung 12 Mer SC in which Mawpynthih SC won the title.
Bah Dkhar said it is shocking to see the mistake of the government on the issues of discussing the life and death of the people.
The survey for the railway line in Shillong is in progress.
This year, Wanri has been selected as the actress for the film “Ka daw”, which was released in November 2022, while other awards have been won from other states. Wanri won her first Best Female Actor award in 2020 for her role in the film “Khyndai Lad”.
Other members of the Hynniewtrep People Front have joined the MIPF on this day.
“I'll go with you.
After this, there was also an explanation from the Municipal and Urban officials to the public on how to use these powers and maintain cleanliness.
The Seng also urged the Education Department of the State Government to take action on the directive of the private school authorities to the parents of the students to purchase uniforms and school books from schools or from The shops they choose where these shops are sold at a price that doesn't match.
Shillong: The FKJGP Mawlai Circle today temporarily closed down the office of the Food Corporation of India (FCI) at Mawlai Mawroh.
The Fashion Society Shillong (FSS) will hold the Miss Shillong 2023 and Miss Supermon Beauty Pageant on the 14th of this month at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong. celebration of the 40th anniversary of the organization.
Shillong: U Ammon Mannar (10), son of Bah Boni Nongrum of Lapalang, Shillong, has gone missing from Rilang Shelter Home on 21st June
I think everyone knows that.
His sister Wanplisibon Rajee, speaking at his 17th death anniversary, said that as soon as he won the MP election, Swell came to his village and received a warm welcome. He was born and raised in Laitkynsew.
Mumbai: The number of cases of Covid-19 in Maharashtra has risen to 27,524 with 1,602 new cases.
Regarding the roads, many of the public roads are bad and crowded, but the government is doing what is necessary and this is a stumbling block to the development, said Philemon.
Meghalaya has a 443 km border with Bangladesh and if 160 million Bangladeshis come here, how much we will benefit, said MR.Shillong: Bah Sanbor Shullai, MLA Laban today. He said that he will leave the BJP if the Citizenship Amendment Bill, 2016 is forcibly implemented in the Rajya Sabha.
This is the expectation of our ancestors when we lack in one area that is needed.
Up to 54 children who have been blind since birth have regained their appearance through this treatment at Ganesh Das Maternal and Child Health Hospital.
The Rong ka Taw was organized by Sampreeti Natyautsab Parishad, Bangladesh in which two performances were held daily and the state team took part on 20th November,
The rally was opened by the Additional Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat, Bah A.Nongbri of Lad Sohkymphor and ended at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat.
The tournament was inaugurated by the Executive President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John F. Kharshiing. Pariat, officials of the Sports Department of the State Government including Assistant Director Bah Khroobok Passah, Sports Officer Darlyne Khonglam and others.
These became the Paheh, Pasan, Padeng, Parit and Paduh and then those who descended from them too.
At the end of the first innings, Meghalaya scored 230/4 in 59 overs with 27 runs.
In science there is no superstition by believing that something is like that.
In the first leg of the tournament, Newhill Sports Club beat Ialong Sports Club 3-0 in the first leg of the tournament.
For TDCA-A, Josiah Cheran Momin was the only player to tied for three wickets in the inning for 32 runs.
The order not only applies to coal owners or companies, but also to officials of government departments, such as the forest department or the mining department, if they do not agree to The implementation of this Act shows that they are involved in collusion with the coal mine owners and they too may be punished by the Tribunal.
Who, therefore, dares to say that he is righteous? Everyone is not immune from mistakes, even the stupidest and the stupidest make mistakes, how much more than those who work and walk and stand.
She said that these foods are very important to ensure a healthy baby before and after birth.
Bengaluru, June 18 : Indian hockey captain Harmanpreet Singh on Tuesday said the Asian Champions Trophy to be held in Chennai will be a test for the Indian national team. for the bigger tournament, the Asian Games to be held in November-April this year.
There are private colleges but they are still very rare.
Along with the stories and puriskam told by Bah Rani Maring, he performed traditional instruments such as the duitara, maryngod, saitar and mieng.
Furthermore, we should honor our elderly brothers and sisters.
Umpara is a small village adjacent to the Khyrwang village which falls under the Nyrtiang Dolloiship, about 25 miles from Nyrtiang.
On this occasion, the Elders of the Seng Khasi Kmie, Rgh.SkorJala and Rgh.Donbokstar Kurkalang, in the presence of the President of the Seng, Rgh. DKDkhar and the Chairman of the Mountain Committee, Rev. L.Nongbri.
Shillong, Nailar 2: The All Meghalaya Program Workers Association (AMMPWA) today staged a strike in front of the Malaria Office in Lawmali. for three days.
Therefore, many of our people have their Election Photo Identification Cards in Assam.
Khliehriat, Nailar 28: The East Jaintia Minerals (Suppliers, Exporters and Importers Association) today held a special meeting at the Sweet Chilie Hotel in Mynkre to explain the preparations for the opening of the market in Mynkre. Border market, East Jaintia Hills District, Dry-Port at Huroi to trade with Bangladesh, especially in the sale and purchase of mineral resources between India and Bangladesh, which will be of benefit which will increase the income and development of the region.
Cooperative Societies have an important role to play in bringing about change in economic development and in providing food and drink as well as employment opportunities, said Additional Deputy Commissioner, West Jaintia Hills District.
Through a statement, the two groups of land vendors said that since the outbreak of COVID-19, all the residents have taken responsibility and joined hands with the government in this regard to curb the spread of the disease. The government has also closed down markets and shops due to the spread of the corona virus.
Shillong, Nailar 29: A Night Super Bus (ML08-0609) carrying passengers from Tura to Shillong has collided with a hill near the road. The incident happened at Dollongre in Rongram Block, West Garo Hills when the driver of the bus failed to stop the vehicle.
Up to T.200 crore to spend is not a joke and we hope that we will see a strong, stable Ïingdorbar that will not stand for a while like a round house.
The Tribunal issued the order after hearing the appeal by Government Counsel Ranjan Mukherjee against the decision of the Divisional Bench of the Gauhati High Court in 2011 ordering MUDA to demolish the buildings. beain at the foot of Umkhrah.
This means that sinners will not enter the New Jerusalem but only those who have washed their robes in the blood of the Lamb of God.
About 150 garment manufacturers came to take part in the program to learn about the benefits and various government schemes that as garment manufacturers should benefit from the government as Umden is one of the areas. There is nothing wrong with Ri-Bhoi.
“The BJP has promised to deposit money in the accounts of the people but until now nothing has been done and they have been deceiving,” he said.
On the other hand, Bah Teibor promised to fulfill their dreams and aspirations and hopes that these women will earn a good income from this site.
This day is to celebrate the foundation of the Seng Khasi by 16 rangbah in the midst of the storm that came to destroy the jaidbynriew, because of their desire to destroy the traditional beliefs of the Khun Khasi Pnar.
Dealers should be responsible for assisting in enrolling Aadhaar of consumers, collecting Aadhaar from consumers and submitting it to the Office and responsible for using e-POS. machine (online transactions) as per clause 15, sub clause 8 of the 'Meghalaya Food Grains/ SK Oil (Public Distribution System) Control Order, 2022'.
For the little grandchildren and youth of the church and across the country, who must have lost the opportunity to attend their schools, colleges and educational institutions.
Shining Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Development and Employment Cells of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle, while speaking to reporters, said that there are some employees who are more fluent in the language when they speak to the needy. Their slanderous speech makes those who come in need discouraged.
Regarding the clashes and bloodshed in Manipur, in the past few days, the Chief Minister of Manipur, N Biren Singh, said that up to 60 people have been killed. and 231 others received injuries.
Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, urged the residents of Byrnihat and other areas in Bhoi, to follow the guidelines issued by the health officials and the state government, so that it will protect. from the spread of COVID-1
Why didn't the Minister return by ambulance like other Covid19 patients? This incident shows that the law enforcement agencies are always on the side of the rich and powerful, and in society, there is always discrimination against the poor and weak.
According to the residents of the area, the 2018 elections will be very quiet in the constituency as these four candidates who won the same power in 2013 have not yet retired but have started politics. enough now.
Every time we hear this speaker shouting loudly – ​​for the sake of the country and the nation – we feel emotional and spiritual. .
However, today, once again, the Enforcement Police of KHADC, have visited Laban to close down those foreign shops which do not have Trading License, and in this visit they planned to close up to 5 shops. Two shops have been closed in Laban, as other shops have already been closed before the arrival of the KHADC police. Uma Sharma's Ryntathiang Store and Mukta Ali's Rumi Store were closed down in the presence of the Rangbah Shnong. Ioster Sun, Secretary of the village, RG Marbaniang were also present.
“We are a community that believes in mutual respect and tolerance.
ONORC requires Aadhaar to recognize NFSA (AAY & PHH) at any Fair Price Shop which has set up an ePost box where ration consumers can purchase food items that have been sold at around the country.
On the day of the protest, the journalists also spoke to the land owners who have been affected by the construction of the power plant. He said how can they accept the proposal of MePDCL to open the UHP, where the rights they have been demanding from time to time have not reached anywhere and have not been received. you are right.
The National People's Party (NPP) on Tuesday announced the names of Ampareen Lyngdoh and Agatha K Sangma as the candidates for the Shillong and Tura Parliamentary seats. the Lok Sabha.
The Population and Hospital Based Cancer Registries (PBCRs & HBCRs) collect information on the number of cancer cases, deaths from cancer and the treatment received by the patients.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, police who have monitored the video circulated on WhatsApp regarding the incident on the 3rd of November, 2022 at Jaïaw Langsning Road opposite the Workshop of Rani Motors conducted a thorough investigation through CCTV cameras installed on the road.
The funeral service will be held on 3/12/2023 at 9 am at Khnap Thangbru Khliehtyrshi.
The song was sung by Prince Sari and Barisha Suna.
The ancient Khasi, like the Ethiopians, had 13 months in a year.
They say they believe in God but the works they do are the works of Satan.
Bishop Wilbert Marweiñ was speaking at a meeting of the Catholic Faithful of Nongstoin Diocese at Madan New Nongstoin after the Peace Rally in Nongstoin on Tuesday.
Kimtera D Sangma scored 90 runs for three wickets in two overs as South Garo Hills Cricket Association beat Shillong Cricket Association by 174 runs in the U-1 14 Girls Inter District Cricket Tournament 2023 was held in Nongstoin today.
Lokesh Turaha scored (1/29), Md Nafees (1/32) and Akash Kumar (1/39).
He said that many development projects on the border brought by Meghalaya have been forcibly stopped by the Assam police, forest officials and Karbi Anglong Autonomous Council officials, which is against the government's talks. state to fix the border.
Shillong, March 17: The North East Students' Organization (NESO) together with other organizations have called for human rights violations in various parts of the country and also in the North East. They arranged to hold a seminar on human rights under the title “North East Consultation on Human Rights” Act ′′ and this is due to the discrimination against the people of the North East through the violence laws of the army and that the Indian government has been talking to the Armed Forces to repeal the law. (Special Powers) Act is in force.
According to him, the Constitution of the country does not allow an MLA to serve two or three constituencies.
There are some leaders (who will leave the party) and if those leaders are not strong we don't need them anymore,” said MPTYC President Bah Fernandez SDkhar. on Thursday.
In this regard, the union invites all employees to join hands to take part in these competitions and for more information can be obtained from Badminton Balarina Syiem (940-2300795), Table Tennis- Lucky Shullai (8794736607), Chess Gilford Thangkiew (9612060164), Carrom Board I Kharlukhi (duh duh) (7005537377).
When asked how much the MP scheme costs, he said Rs 5 crore per annum.
The body was kept at Salsella for only three hours and after the people had paid their last respects, it was taken back to Tura at his residence in Hawakhana.
The winners of the tournament received cash prizes and prizes from the organizers of the tournament.
Speaking on the occasion, the President of FKJGP, Bah Dundee C Khongsit, said that if the government does not change this situation, the time will come when the youth will be destroyed. blood can be lyngkien on the ground.
The State Government through the Disaster Management Department has included lightning strike incidents as natural disasters, and those affected by such incidents will receive assistance according to the rules of assistance to the poor.
I understand what you mean?” said Thei in a low voice.
Speaking on the demand of the armed group to lift the charges, the MP said that in this regard, there are two issues. but if they come by peace talks, they shall come in another manner according to the rules of the constitution.
During the investigation, both the suspects confessed that they entered Bangladesh through unmarked border areas and received the Bangladeshi currency from a Bangladeshi smuggler named Hamid.
The Union Minister in charge of Home Affairs and Cooperation, Amit Shah, conducted the meeting which was attended by a large number of people.
Of course, our response on this issue has taken time because as the oldest party in the country, whatever decision we take, we make sure that it does not affect or harm anyone,” said the MLA. Charles Marngar of the Congress in Mawhati.
“As we move forward as a state, we also need to introduce new approaches to this issue.
Meanwhile, Seven United beat Pyndengrei 2-1 in Group-C at the MDSA Stadium in Mawkyrwat.
Speaking on the National Education Policy 2020, Hercules Toi said the implementation of this policy in the State will be of great benefit from the children from primary to higher education.
Donbok Dkhar said that the government should take care of the employment in the state, as it has the right to allocate special jobs according to its rights. He said that 50 years of recruitment in the state has been illegal.
It was on this basis that the Seng Khasi was formed on the 23rd November 1899, to serve as a stronghold and protector for the Khasi people. They are the ones who hold fast to their own religion.
In the second session, Dr.(Sr) Philomena Kharakor will deliver a speech on the topic, “On the Khasi Longjait” while Prof. Kynphamsing Nongkynrih will deliver a speech on the topic of Tip-kur. Tip-kha in Khasi thought.
The announcement came after the Meteorological Department had forecast heavy rains in most parts of the districts, including Chengalpattu, Kancheepuram, Villupuram, Cuddalore and Puducherry. sun.
On the other hand, Iewrynghep Secondary School (EAST Khasi Hills) needs only 10 victories to lead the state again after beating North Liberty High.
The silence of Dr RC Laloo on the request of the teachers to talk to him regarding education has angered the teachers.
The union has conducted a raid on the sale of kyad pyrsi in many places in Iewduh from shops, kyiad phareng and restaurants.
““Any act of violence, the Dorbar Shnong Jaïaw Pyllun strongly condemns whether it is injury and killing of people is something we cannot accept,” he said.
This comes after the player suffered a four-set defeat to young Thiago Seyboth Wild.
Vorrozislov Sohkhlet, Vice President of the KSU in the presence of other members of the KSU visited the hospital last month.
Various groups and members of the HNLC who are in Shillong also attended the ceremony.
The drugs were smuggled from Myanmar, she said.
Shalini Shyamsundar Shukla, both of Nongmensong, Shillong, have been arrested by the police for robbery.
The political system demands that you participate in it.
“This happens every time in cases where the police make mistakes and people don't know,” she said, adding that the facts should be investigated.
Of course, it is not right for us to deviate from what our forefather said and did.
Nongstoiñ, June 21: The West Khasi Hills Health Department in collaboration with the doctors of Nurses, ASHAs, Anganwadi Workers, Staff of Health Wellness Centers and Sub Health Centres, today held a Health MELA at Joel Gatphoh Memorial Higher Secondary School Nongkynjang. Hundreds of people flocked to the square to listen to the lectures and explanations from the doctors and health workers.
Shillong: The State Government will soon repeal the Meghalaya Street Vendors Act, 2014 and to comply with the Central Government Act regarding street vendors.
It is until the comfort and encouragement of neighbours, family members and friends that they are forced to accept what is happening as the Creator's plan.
It is further said that in Islam, it is said that there is a saying, "Oh Allaah, I ask you to free me from sin and debt"
Ukrainian officials said Russia's attack on that day took the life of a two-year-old child who had just arrived in 2021 and About 22 others were injured in the blast.
Canada expresses its strong opposition to India's involvement in the killing of the Canadian citizen and that too within Canada's borders.
“If Conrad had not listened to the district councils, he could have implemented it by the state government but he did not do so and sent it to the district.
He said it is surprising that the Congress party has already won in many constituencies as soon as the polling day ends. behind this.
“This relationship with the people since I was a child and until now the IAS post has been at the forefront of serving the people of the country in the past 75 years and it is an honor for me. “I am looking forward to coming back to the state to serve the state,” said Ankur. He also expressed his desire to serve the state where he grew up. he knew the origin of it.
Scientists are currently trying to collect the DNA of 6.7 million descendants of humans and other creatures on Earth to migrate to the moon if the Earth disappears. not in the years to come.
Outsiders are prohibited from entering the area and residents of these houses are banned from leaving the house and this order will come into force from midnight on Friday until further notice. even.
The CM said that the cooperation in the industry and between the governments can boost economic development in the region, by looking at the supply and challenges that already exist in the region. region.
He said the invitation to the Japanese was also to strengthen the relations between India and Japan.
It is to be recalled that on 22nd November, 2022, five people and one Forest Guard were shot dead by the Assam Police in Mukroh. of Assam.
The HYC office bearers said that the letter is a sign that the HYC will boycott the dewbilat company TOPCEM if it comes and enters Eastern West Khasi Hills. The employees of the company urged the police to bomb and tied the people on 24th July at Thangskai on the day of a public hearing on the company's plans to expand its dewbilat production.
The Government of Meghalaya has announced that all Government offices and schools in the 23-Sohiong (ST) Constituency will be closed on 10th June, 2023 to allow the residents to vote. vote on that day, for the re-election of the Speaker to the Legislative Assembly of the State.
According to him, Meghalaya has received more than T.400 crore from the ADB for the implementation of the DRIP Project under the Hydro Electric Project of the State which includes Pung Umiam, Umtrew and Leshka.
In the 14 to 20 years category, Elvyn Kenedene Syiem won the first prize, Phibakordor Lawriniang won the second prize and Amazia Khongsya won the third prize.
When asked about the appeal of the KHADC to the High Court, the Dy.CEM said, “I cannot say anything at this time and it depends on the opinion of the High Court.
The celebration was attended by a helicopter of the Eastern Air Command which flew flowers during the raising of the national flag at the venue.
Ravi said that the issues to be discussed to reach a firm decision have been completed for signing between all the groups.
He also encouraged them to play well and work hard to win the title and bring glory to the school, the District and the State.
Through this figure, it is also the day with the highest number of coronavirus cases in the country.
Columbia authorities have sent more than 100 soldiers with tracking dogs to search for the children on board the plane when it crashed. The pilot and the mother of the children died in the crash on the 1st of January.
To take the PRIME program to the next level, the State Government launched the CM-ELEVATE program last year. The objective of this program is to support 20,000 thousand entrepreneurs in the next five years and 35% to 75% subsidy for the project in 15 categories of activities.
“Bah Ronnie has mined uranium, he has gone to Jharkhand and Jaduguda to see the mining of uranium, but I would like to ask him when he was an MLA when he visited the border areas of Block I, Block II or to Langpih to see our brothers and sisters who are in trouble,” said Bah Hamlet Dohling.
The total number of cases in the camp has risen to 1,1
Two minutes later, Malki captain Pynkhambor Suting struck the ball into the net before Balajied Syiemlieh of Mawkhar also struck the ball. conditions of the field.
All the previous Governments of Meghalaya, especially those from 1985 onwards, did not take much responsibility for the appointment of the Chandrachud Committee (1985-87) with the assistance of the Government of India. por, because when the Committee had completed the task entrusted to it, the Governments of those years did not follow up.
The list also includes two Coordinators from Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
Psalm 46:1-3, The psalmist said, “I will not be afraid of the earthquake, for he knows that the Lord is his refuge.
Jowai, Naitung 31: The Jaintia Students' Movement (JSM) today decided to demolish the Entry Tax Gate at Khanduli village which has been installed by KAAC since 15th June. the year that is still standing.
The incident has spread widely in Assam and West Bengal and Assam police have sent the video to West Bengal police and then Kolkata police. Bengaluru police.
On the lack of management especially of food at the Meghalaya Games, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said that the Minister of Sports has already clarified on this issue.
He mentioned many of the works he has done such as the road, the establishment of the Commerce and Science College, the provision of two ADB grants to schools, the conversion of Mawphlang PHC into a school. CHC, the distribution of SRWP schemes, “The people have sent me, I have lur, they have given me mohkhiew, I have puh, they have given me a sword and I have pom, I have given the scheme of the people to them. "I want a transparency where everyone knows who gets, how much they get and that I have already distributed what I have received," said Kennedy. it is because he will still have to complete many of the remaining tasks.
Nongstoiñ, Lber 28: The office of the Nonglang Sirdarship Hima has been forced to take care of 25 Malchapara residents who have been arrested and searched by the Assam police since the past few days.
To ensure the safety of all the residents and to protect the Myntdu River and the streams flowing into the Myntdu River, it was urged to build water treatment plants with them and to build wells to prevent the flow of waste into the river. .
The list of seven candidates was announced by Bah Witting Mawsor, Chairman of the Election Committee of the HSPDP in the presence of party leaders at a meeting held at the MLA Hostel Conference Hall.
The Public Hearing scheduled to be held in Khliehriat is different from other Public Hearings as the District Administration has set a rule that only 100 people can speak at the public hearing. because of the spread of Covid1
The British government has announced that it will accept those who have been fully vaccinated as those who have been vaccinated and has ordered those who come from India to quarantine for 40 days.
“When he was in government, he said that he is the best and when he went back to the NPP, he said that Dr. Mukul Sangma is the worst,” said James.
Man-I-Bha beat Thangbuli YSWC 3-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by Amlarem Sub Divisional Sports Association (ASSA) on Monday.
Shillong, Naitung 23: Two brothers were killed by robbers at Daitmen between Laskein and Iong Kawang. The incident occurred at Daitmen between Laskein and Iong Kawang. The victim was identified as Jalbin Dkhar, 38, while the other was identified as his sister Ribaitki Dkhar,
Surosh M. Sangma urged the kidnappers to release the BDO without any conditions.
Friends, after seeing the statement of some people who say that God gives only good and only Satan gives evil, it has made me work hard to find the evidence.
The greatness of Father Stan Swamy is not his piety, but he is a great hero who stood and fought for the rights of the indigenous people of Jharkhand. to fight for the rich and the poor.
Khliehriat, Naiwieng 20: The 1st Open Veteran Football Tournament for the 40 years and above organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held today at Deinchriat Stadium, Khliehriat. In the first leg, 12 Dalloi FC and Golden Lion VFT drew 1-1
“Once again, we pledge to support the Government on the basis of ensuring that there will be confidence in the Government so that the Government can fulfill its duty,” he said.
On the other hand, Mr. Sniawbhalang Dhar as the chief guest in his speech praised the Shnong Leaders from the past to the present because if it were not for the responsibility and ownership of the Shnong, this day would not have been like this. He said that Namdong-B is one of the villages which has developed well in many aspects, even the youth of the village have become educated and intelligent. Namdong-B is the headquarters of this area and is also a village located between other neighboring villages and is the village where the Government is looking forward to setting up various offices as it is now. because it is located in a convenient and convenient location for the people of the area.
Financial assistance : While the work of people for sanitation continues, there has been further commitment by the Government of India for sanitation in rural areas.
New Delhi: The Commission for Women (DCW) has agreed to investigate the expulsion of female students from the North East by the Delhi University authorities.
On this occasion, it was witnessed that members of the Congress party carried stones and shyiap in small trucks to fill the holes in the middle of the road which was covered by the heavy rain. who is severe.
At the time of his graduation, it was the year that ended the Second World War in
Chopra will also have the opportunity to join world champion Anderson Peters of Granada and Jakub Vadlejch of the Czech Republic in their awaiting match between the two players.
In these days, there will be thunderstorms in some places, with wind speeds between 30 to 40 kilometers and then, there will be thunderstorms, thunderstorms and rain. severe and severe, in some parts of the state.
Shillong, Iaiong 24: The power outage of MeCEL has angered the people especially during the rainy season as it has affected the work and traffic.
On the 29th, Mynso Blazon will play against Mookaswan Dongneiñ at 11 pm, Newhills will play against Catholic Youth Mihmyntdu at 1 pm, while Mulang Ialong will play against Mookaswan Dongneiñ at 1 pm. Pamanik at 3 pm.
The office also organized a sports competition for the students of LP and UP schools where prizes were awarded to the winners.
“I don't want to do anything wrong against him.
I want to share Khasi poetry in this newspaper.
These training courses look at emotional awareness, violence prevention, civil servants' code of conduct, leadership, participation in discussions, stress reduction, along with Learn Microsoft Excel and Word.
He said that police have stepped up their patrols especially after the incident of burning an Assam vehicle in Jhalupara last night.
Furthermore, the Langdohs and Wasans will give pyrnah to the villages who make the colours and at noon the various Seinraijs will bring the colors to the syiem aitnar with a dance and after that they will be sent back to the Iasleit in the middle of the phang. It is believed that if the phang nein wins, they will get healthy and good crops and if the phang nein wins, they will have a stable year and month.
He said that the government has sent 1002 temporary teachers but it has not been filled with full time teachers.
The MLA who fled from Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare Minister and who came from Nongkrem Constituency, distributed 5,000 heads across the villages. They are created, because they have seen the public, distributed the public and there are Dorbar Dong Shnongs who have seen and known.
The Minister said that the Shillong Medical College and Hospital at Jhalupara are currently being designed and planned.
At present, the government or the people in power do not have much time to think and implement development projects because there is a lot of work to campaign every month from one state to another and so on.
The raid was led by the Superintendent of Enforcement, Bah A Lanong in collaboration with the Hima Mylliem Police.
Shillong: U Bah Teinwell Dkhar, CEM, who was removed from his post yesterday, has filed his nomination papers again today to contest for the post of CEM tomorrow.
There is also a timetable for the completion of the Anganwadi Centers on time, besides strengthening the number of employees.
The Union of Sordars of Krang Area has placed its full trust in the Joint Action Committee of the Hima Sohiong to clean up and immediately resolve this unfounded act.
If the school has not called a meeting with the parents, how can they sign the intended letter to the DC concerned? If the parents also attended the meeting held by the school authorities, it shows that they too have violated the Government's orders on Lockdown and Curfew and therefore they should be questioned by the Police. according to the provisions of law.
The group has already prepared everything, Kenny said.
Sharma, who lives on the fourth floor of their house, has just been married for six months and Chaudhury and his wife used to visit him at his house. in Delhi, but it was reported that the incident was only a major incident and the main reason for the incident was after they looked at each other's mobile phones. another and when they saw the strange numbers and then the methods of sending messages, which are very different.
He also thanked all the supporters who accompanied him on that day.
And now the time is near for Satan to be cast out of the Heavenly realm to earth and the Word of God says – “And the great dragon was cast out; the old serpent, who is called the devil and Satan.
“Will they buy their children’s necessities, pay rent, or pay school fees? Those who are poor are in trouble,” said Saleng.
He was admitted to Fortis Hospital in Jaipur.
This freedom of them to earn money in the state, has been a violation of the earning rights of the indigenous people and is also like knieh ia knieh ia the plate of food of the people of the state, by foreigners.
The report said cyber-spies of the People's Liberation Army hacked into Japan's network to steal information about Japan's operations.
The Ministry of DoNER will pay for the accommodation, food and travel expenses. Besides the training, the school also helps the young students who have already received full training to complete their training. work in different places.
“The Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs have already expressed that they have no information on the killing of Che, which shows that the police did not follow the instructions. The Minister of Home Affairs has not yet been able to leave the department.
It is also very difficult because on the one hand, there are groups who are fighting for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule of the Constitution of India and on the other hand, Many of them have shortened the Khasi alphabet by reducing the spelling.
I remember at a meeting held in Umden, Bah Lapang came straight from Delhi to Guwahati and from Guwahati he came straight to the venue of the meeting. “He cried again in the meeting,” said Dr. Celestine, recalling the election campaign of Bah Lapang against the Congress candidate Mayrald Born Syiem who won the election from Nongpoh constituency.
The Chief Minister said that NEIGRIHMS Hospital has the equipment to test for Corona virus and the public can also call 108 for assistance. you are infected with the Corona virus.
The writings about him say that in that prayer on the Cross, he heard a loud voice compelling him to offer himself to Christ as a sacrifice for the repentance of sinners to deliver them. all men are under the power of the devil.
HM Shangpliang said that regarding these incidents against the family in Nongsier Jirang, there have been complaints lodged with the Police, which is a tip on the incident, that is, regarding the demolition of the house and Police have not arrested anyone suspected of involvement in these two complaints.
“Our vehicles including the presidential vehicle have completed the search in accordance with the model code of conduct and no vehicles have been found. either either.
Five years ago a friend, Linda, encouraged and said, “" and in Khasi you can say, "The citizens can compare the health facilities we have in the State with other countries. State.
This village has made progress in all aspects especially in education and has produced many prominent people who have served the district and the state.
These birds came from the cold mountains of China and stay in the country from November to June.
Shillong, Naitung 27: The management of 02 Private Ltd, Shillong has denied reports that young women who have been sent abroad for training have been misled by the company to work in other harmful jobs. he is the akor of the honor.
Shillong, July 18: The Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court on Friday ordered to seek clarification from MUDA counsel SP Mahanta for allegedly burning down his house in Lachu. At the same time, the Court has strongly criticized the Planning Officer of MUDA for authorizing the construction.
According to the complaint filed this year, Alicia has been missing since November 2019 and for about four years, the police have been following up on information received about her. but they could not find it.
We all know that coal mining has been banned since 2014 because the National Green Tribunal, which is the court in charge of environmental protection, has found that many coal miners die inside the crematoria.
On the other hand, the JSU leaders after receiving information from the villagers that these authorities inside the village have the intention to build a large place of worship within the boundary of the village without The Seng has immediately stopped this illegal construction by the village authorities.
New Delhi: The Ministry of Home Affairs of India today announced that it has refused to allow any foreign aid to the Missionaries of Charity.
Some of them have been taken back to their villages until they cannot be found even if they try to search.
According to the police, 251 people including 118 men and 133 women went missing in
Another reason is the increase in the price of petrol and diesel due to the Russia-Ukraine war. from the states of West Bengal, Bihar and Assam.
Although Shadul Islam does not have a right leg, he will be preparing to fight against a fit player from Assam.
On this occasion, Bah Dapkupar Nongrum, one of the tyngshops of Khasi films, donated 50 large flower beds to beautify the village.
When it comes, the task of the rulers and legislators is to pave the right path so that the path of the people will be on the right path.
Isn't it the cause of corruption that the proverb says, “The greater the corruption, the greater the poverty and the greater the backwardness in that nation?” the law or the welfare of the people or the health or the production of food.
He said that at present in Mawlai there are many Khasi youths working in the fields and the purpose of setting up a training center is to eliminate the work done by foreigners and also also to create jobs for Khasi youth as during this time of Coronavirus or Covid 19, many youths who set up shops and contractors have stayed at home.
We have not yet escaped from this load shedding or the need to temporarily turn off the electricity supply while the drought is not over.
Ranchi: A doctor who gave a condom to a woman for a sexually transmitted disease has been arrested.
This speech is very encouraging to those who are willing to support the UDP candidate in this mid-term election.
The blessing and inauguration of the new church of the Catholic Managing Committee (CMC) Mawpun, Umroi, Ri-Bhoi on Saturday 17th November 10:30 am.
In a survey conducted in collaboration with ICAR, the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI) found that the scheme has helped to provide funds to farmers to purchase equipment. which they need in their farming.
However, after examination of the documents, it was found that the name of the owner and address differed from the e-challan App.
“You're so surprised, I'm thinking what happened,” said the sister and turned closer.
Poverty is one of the factors that prevents the people from deciding whom to vote for on time and has led them to fall victim to dozens of types of deceptions by those who contest the elections.
He said that we should not forget the encouragement and encouragement of the parents and family members of all the members in their journey.
There are a couple of ways we can do more to control these pests.
Therefore, in order to know the truth, they have informed the Rangbah Shnongs to meet them to discuss and develop ways and means how to do it.
Shillong, November 22: The BJP Mahila Morcha on Thursday celebrated Christmas with the children raised and cared for by the Gods Dream Home at Pynthorbah in the presence of the Minister of State for Home Affairs. BJP Chief Spokesperson M Kharkrang, Mahila Morcha President Sukhi Pariat and other party office bearers.
East Shillong MLA Dr Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, on 27th June, urged the Rangbah Shnong of Laitumkhrah not to stir up any issue without any basis.
On the Resident and Safety Security Act 2016, he said it is very weak because it says that a person should be accepted first to stay and then provide documents.
It shall be brought before the State Legislative Assembly for discussion in accordance with the laws, as it shall comply with many Articles of the Constitution of India along with other laws, including the judgments passed by the the Court of Appeal of India.
The Court has decided to hear the case again on 21st March.
Eight teams including Umladkhur SC, Dongmihsngi Mupyut FC, YC Pdengkarong, Amlarem Social Club, Man I Bha SC and Jarain C&SC participated in the tournament. The Textile Department of the State Government in collaboration with the North East Handloom & Handicraft Development Corporation (NEHHDC) recently launched the G20 International Crafts Bazaar. pilot project for the digitization of Ryndia handicrafts was launched at a meeting held at Umden-Diwon on Thursday.
There are also those who say that they can make women lyngki (childless) and if they have children, their children become physical imbalance and even men as well.
In the past 24 hours, 34,956 new cases have been reported in India, bringing the total number of cases to 10,03,8
The earth is a place where all kinds of living things can live, it is also a place where we can live together as a group and walk, stand, work, touch and do all kinds of things. type of work within it.
In the drawing competition, Daminot Symblai of Jaintia HSS came first and Isakaru Rynjah of Jowai Public School came second.
“We have a good vision among the MDA colleagues that this will happen because we have had a meeting even though we have not had a meeting,” said Dr Jemino.
In the darkness of the night, Faith has been taken away; There is courage for me too; Why should I be afraid?
The tournament will last for 10 months from 3rd to 3rd November
Thus, in addition to the 40% share, Khasi and Jaintia youth still receive 70-75%.
“Their lack of education does not mean that they don't have knowledge but it is just a lack of knowledge,” he said.
Nongstoiñ: The election for the 2023 Legislative Assembly of the State, may be very competitive and will also be an election, in which those voters who value money and those who are quick to sell themselves will appear in the heat and light, for as the wise say that the voice of the people is the voice of God, it will come true without doubt.
Local entrepreneurs need a place where they can go to get encouragement from experts and friends, to get information, tools and how to work.
The blast took place on Sunday night at Chingripota village in Nandrampur district of Budge Budge.
The Seng once again urges the public and paradoh parasnam not to panic but to be disciplined, to take care of themselves and to obey the directions of the health department. so that we can fight against this disease.
Besides the film stars, the late Samajwadi Party leader Mulayam Singh Yadav and medical professional Dilip Mahanabis were also honoured on the occasion. and others.
If you don't have a small factory, it will be a blessing to you.
But if you do what is right as long as your work is done and your purpose will succeed, you need to increase your work to avoid evil deeds.
“I am against the proposal to sell 13 km sq land of not less than 7,000 acres,” said Sosthenes.
“Rangsan is afraid to go to work,” said the brother with a smile.
Of course, if you talk about the tax, it is true that if you open casinos, the tax will increase but the government respects the feelings and opposition of the people, civil society and religious organizations.
A total of 6391 licensed firearms were surrendered, and two firearms, seven kilograms of explosives and a grenade were also seized.
According to sources, the union has strongly condemned the employers who employ and bring in these foreigners without proper documents, especially in such a situation. The outbreak of Covid 19 has started to spread again in Meghalaya.
Expressing that the HNLC is not against peace, Nongtraw said, “We are not the oppressors but the oppressed.
Daniel and his companions begged God for mercy to reveal the hidden meaning.
The issue at hand is especially the development and status of Mawshynrut area, which although it has received a Civil Sub Division for several years now, has not changed at all. it's still the same.
In the second leg, Mookaswan Dongnein beat Salaroh 1-0
Hundreds of members entered the Secretariat at 10.45 am and demanded to curb the influx of foreigners and demanded that the state government should implement the The Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act and also to monitor foreigners from the implementation of the NRC Act in Assam.
On receiving the incident, the Ri Bhoi Police Station rushed to the scene to prevent any incident.
Khliehriat, Naitung 13 : The Environment Coordination Committee (ECC) of Sutnga District has expressed its gratitude and encouragement to the leaders and members of the Coke Factory in Sutnga District. The ECC also met with the Deputy Commissioner, Abhilasah Baranwal, IAS and was pleased that the Chief Executive Member of the District has taken action on this issue.
Mawthadraishan, March 04: A family including Kong Khiar Thabah and Bah Stad Sohphoh along with eight children have survived a fire which destroyed their entire house.
JOWAI: The Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board (MSPCB) has planned to hold a public hearing on the proposal of Star Cement to expand the 42.051 hectare Mawshun mining project in Bishyrnot village. The residents and school children came out in large numbers to protest against the public hearing on Saturday.
Now take these dry soh slices and grind them until they turn into powder.
When she arrived at the market, as soon as she saw Maya's mother, Niakha was surprised like a bsein because for many years she had never seen her coming out of the shop.
Shillong: The Garoland State Movement Committee (GSMC) and the National Federation for New States (NFNS) have announced to hold a rally on the 29th of April to promote the demand for Garoland.
Despite this terrible scientific trick of the foreigners, our Dorbar Shnong, Dorbar Raid and Dorbar Hima are still happy with the commission fees and NOC fees received from these foreigners.
On the other hand, Fr.John Madur, informed the public that from the 3rd, the public will be allowed to go to the cemetery to hold prayers and memorial services for their loved ones who have passed away. compliance with the protocols of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The leaders of these two parties took the decision at a meeting held at Khliehriat West Community Hall on Monday.
Regarding this blackout last night, this morning and in all areas and seeing that the notice is there that there will be another blackout for many hours, I think this will have a huge impact for the State as citizens".
Regarding these District Coordination Committees and Monitoring Committees, the Director of Social Welfare Department has promised to appoint committees and to include all the managers of banks in the districts and blocks as members to help look after these committees. trouble.
Referring to the government's initiatives for research in these fields, Minister Duh informed that many new labs have been opened by the ICMR. government efforts for prevention and treatment.
He said that according to Justice (Retired) BP Katakey, who was appointed by the Meghalaya High Court to oversee the implementation of the order of the Supreme Court and NGT, the State Government has informed that the Supreme Court before To stop the mining of coal, the coal mined has reached 32 lakh metric tonnes.
“The Meghalaya government should eliminate all internet methods such as online payments and should also ban the sale and purchase of goods online,” he added.
Nongstoiñ, Nailar, 13: On the 11th of July 2023, the International Yoga Day 2023 was held at St Francis of Assisi College, Nongstoiñ.
Stating that the NPP is ready to form the next government, he argued that there is no point in voting for candidates of other parties who will not form the government.
West Khasi Hills has recorded 54 new cases while East Khasi Hills has recorded 48 new cases.
Meanwhile, UDP Senior Working President Bindo M Lanong condemned the incident and urged Meghalaya to fight against Assam on the issue.
He said that the Bengoli leader should not come to explain without knowing the facts by listening or living in Kolkata without knowing what happened in Itchamati, because it is the Bengolis and Bangladeshis who live there. The KSU leader in Ri Bhoi District, said that the KSU will not forgive those who speak against the Khasi. against the Khasi people, no matter who they are, because the foundation of the party is to protect the Khasi people living in the Bri u Hynniewtrep.
In the 50 + Men's Singles, Teddy Laloo won the title after defeating Lanunsiama 23-21, 15-21, 16-2
“When he came home from work in the evening, he used to pick up his wife from the beauty parlor but I didn't know that he was in love with my daughter,” said Bah George. tip this love.
The resolution of this trust of the people is before everyone and we see this from the world's most advanced digital payment platform, UPI which is the Unified Payment Interface. 40% of digital payments worldwide They are the ones who have been born in India.
“All those whom I love I rebuke and chasten;  Be sorry for that – and repent.
Heavily guarded helicopters are in many parts of Moscow, the Kremlin, and especially the Duma, the Russian Parliament.
Thus, in different countries, they believe that he is the Giver of Happiness, especially to children.
The 38th Meghalaya State Badminton Association (MSBA) has come to an end today with EKHD becoming the district with the highest number of victories in various categories. .
Khublei,Bah John F Kharshiing,Adviser & Spokesperson,Federation of Khasi States.
The NPP has decided not to invite the BJP to any meeting of the Coordination Committee of the MDA government in Meghalaya. The MDA government even though the BJP is one of its allies or partners.
West Madan Mustem scored the first goal of the match in the 6th minute.
The location of the house is on top of a hill and is a shared area, adjacent to the crematorium.
In this regard, the Minister of Mawpud Village urged the PWD department and the MLA of the area Bah Pius Marweiñ to take action on the removal of the stones and soil that block the road to the village for the purpose of releasing them. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the coming days,” said Macdonald.
“The three issues that the 13 parties have demanded in the ILP are that no foreigner should enter the state without permission.
However, when there is a violation of protocols in the homes where the people who have tested positive do not stay in their own rooms as directed and clean with all the people who live together, this This virus will not cause infection.
Samla Eric in his speech urged these youths to work hard to achieve victory in their sports and also to develop their fellow youths through sports. It is another way to keep the youth away from alcoholic beverages such as drugs which are very common in our state.
Bah Teibor said that Bah Process is an unfounded person and a fugitive from abroad besides the allegation that he is a bad person.
We are ready to support your group.
That is a turning point and the VPP puts the nation first and the party comes later,” said Bah Ardent.
On the other hand, the President of HANM, Bity Jyrwa, said that the HANM has nothing to do with it but it is up to the will of the relatives.
For that reason, when we went to the funeral home, it was like reading a book that was difficult to find or write.
“The DCA is now ready to take this issue to the Cabinet for a decision because the preparation for the elections cannot be prepared anymore, due to the working hours of the GHADC. will end on 15th March 2020,” he said.
During the investigation, the father confessed to the police that he had committed this crime against his children by stabbing them with a knife.
Besides, not a single Garo employee was found at the MeECL office in Lum Jingshai.
Captain Sangma said that we should continue to serve in this new year, with courage and hope to overcome the challenges in serving the state.
These include EGH: 2, EJH: 4, EKH: 66, NGH: 5, RBD: 13, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 7, WJH: 10 and WKH:
“Bah Methodius Dkhar, who was elected as the new MLA of Mawshynrut, said that the aspirations of the people of Mawshynrut are my priority.
KSU Nongpoh Circle President John Lyngdoh, KSU Nongpoh Town Unit President Samla Ïabhalang Nongrum in the presence of KSU Nongpoh Town Unit President Samla Johny Nongrum, in the presence of KSU Nongpoh Town Unit President Samla Johny Nongrum, They have gone to two places to expel these foreigners, which is due to the lack of authority in which they have come to smuggle illegally without the authority of the Department of Trade and Industry.
He said that according to the invitation for applications, the FCI has allocated 8 ST, 1 OBC and 10 General candidates. The FCI has set this quota of 8 persons,” he said.
He also pointed out the misuse of funds which is the 50% allocation of the Council from the Forest Department in 2016-17 amounting to T.34,30,000 tyngka, the illegal construction of revenue collection gates. , excessive expenditure to improve the Conference Hall, to expand the KHADC office, expenditure of money for property, “This is the sole responsibility of the CEM, private responsibility should not be involved with the District “The CEM has no right to say he doesn't know anything, the responsibility is his, if he says he doesn't know he should resign,” said Manstudy, referring to the Professional Tax. he sits on the bench but when the work is not done the officers are blamed, the employees are blamed, I have never found that the Council has ever given money to individuals or groups, it is only now that it has been I heard that the CEM has asked the Secretary to provide T.35 lakh,” said Man.
Manuel, who replaces the incumbent MP, Vincent H Pala, said that this is an era of discrimination between one ethnic group and another such as Khasi or Garo, Hindu or Muslim and others.
Telangana Chief Minister UK Chandrashekar Rao has asked the Prime Minister to extend the curfew beyond 14th June.
The JSM Central Body is surprised to see through the media that the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District has not recognized the Waheh Shnongs to verify the citizenship of the residents of East Jaintia Hills District.
The JSU has also received a promise from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek, in which he has promised to the leaders (through the phone), as he is in the city. Delhi, but he promised to implement these demands of the JSU by April 2013, as they are for the benefit of all the people of Jaintia Hills.
This is because Assam has not allowed the traffic of vehicles passing through the state to enter the state.
As part of the Azadi Amrit Mahotsav, the Nagaland Department of Fisheries and Aquatic Resources (F&AR) has distributed about 20 vehicles and boxes to unemployed youth. -unemployed as part of the development of the fish industry for them.
Nongpoh, July 05: The office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District, has announced that only those vehicles which have paid tax to the government for the purpose of transporting passengers and goods Sub Sections (8) and (12) of Section 2 of the Motor Vehicle Act, 1988 and in accordance with the rules of the Meghalaya Passengers and Good Taxation Act.
Shaheen was arrested on 14th November 2023 and when she was taken to the court in Budgam, many men appeared, who were involved in the rape of the prostitute.
Besides looking after the school, he also taught the subject Khasi and Literature.
The state salary of ASHA workers and assistants is 1500 tyngka and 500 tyngka per month, and this has been increased to 3,000 and 1,000 tyngka.
We see that it has become stronger and stronger as the days go by.
The famous historian of Assam, Dr.SK Bhuyan, whose writings have been accepted by the Government of India and the Government of Assam, writes, “The Mikirs who are now known as the Karbi by the Constitution came from Tibet and Burma. They live along the Kulang River and on the other side of the Kupli River. The Kaziranga National Park in Assam is their home once a day.
“We strongly condemn this action of the Assam police, in which they arrested MDC, Bah Charles Marngar.
However, there are also companies that sell to MeECL at the price of 3 tyngka per unit.
There are many rules that the government needs to implement such as the RTE Act 2009, in order to provide free education to all children under the age of 14 years and to exempt parents from the burden. It was also clearly stated that the Government will look after and provide school buildings and facilities in all schools in order to bring about the standard of education in the State.
“On the 26th of October, T60 crore has been released for the two month salary of SSA teachers and this has been released since the 26th of October. “It will be sent to all districts,” said Bah Rymbui.
On the part of the Nongspung Hima Youth Association, they congratulated Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, State Planning Board and Chairman, SPIKAP for coming to explain on this issue and requested him to create opportunities to get treatment at CHCs, PHCs, or to get their own treatment centers with Khasi herbal medicines.
The NPP will get 18-24 seats, the Congress 6-12 seats, the BJP 4-8 seats, the UDP 8-12 seats, the TMC 5-8 seats and other parties one each. which constitute their.
Shillong: U Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling, today inspected the new Building (Complex) for the Polo Market to take stock of the implementation of the complex.
“Although there have been some clubs who have expressed their dissatisfaction with the rules issued by the Meghalaya Football Association (MFA) to play two players under the age of 21 in each match. , Bah Nongbet said that the SLFC has no problem with this rule.
However, our beloved leaders have become like robbers who live for thousands of years to go to Delhi and follow the lives of Hollywood and Bollywood.
In East Khasi Hills District, 124 new cases including 45 cases from Armed Forces and 79 cases from civilians, 7 cases from East Jaintia Hills District and 14 cases from Ri Bhoi District. 8 cases from Armed Forces and 6 cases from civilians, 4 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 17 cases from West Garo Hills including 6 cases from Armed Forces and 11 cases from civilians. There is only one in West Khasi Hills.
On October 29, 2022, the two Chief Ministers of the two states, Conrad K. Sangma and Himanta Biswa Sarma signed a social border settlement agreement in the presence of the Home Minister of India. , and Amit Shah.
They also agreed to meet with the law enforcement agencies to demand from the Meghalaya High Court if the case requires and to force the Government to issue Ration Cards to the people who due by March
The program will be inaugurated by the Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi, Dr. Pooja Pandey, in collaboration with the Officers Club of Ri-Bhoi. District.
“Once they complete their diplomas they will work again in the government with a higher salary and this is our victory to overcome the shortage of specialist doctors,” Bakshi said.
The victim is identified as Larisha Kharjana, a resident of Mawlai Nonglum and a government employee.
Huff asked again, "Do you remember how you died?" and Sushant replied, "The doctors will take care of it.
He said that the distribution of sugar will be implemented according to the 2011 census and according to the census the population of the state has reached more than 29 lakh.
After a while, the child prayed for water and was able to breathe again but she did not know anyone.
The incident occurred on 6th November 2015 at 9.59pm.
The team left for Antwerp, Belgium on Tuesday for the tournament where the winner will be recognized as the strongest.
It would be good if Rupang published the names of those MRB employees who are not able to inform and refuse to work etc. The leaders of the four parties that formed the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government have now risen up. Dr Jemino Mawthoh, Shillong, today at a rally held at Polo Ground, Shillong to campaign for the election of the candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
It has a bright skin and one side of the tip of the throat is bright.
For the purpose of paying salaries to the employees of the Council, the number of employees will be reduced to 1286 from 1335 in the coming Financial Year.
Those who are weaker in thought and hands quickly lead to things that do not fit the Khasi culture or the Christian culture.
The union also expresses its condolences to the families of those who died in the Assam police shooting. They demanded the immediate establishment of a Border Police Out Post in Mukroh to protect the border residents of the state but this outpost is not enough. than because you don't have a tin.
On the other hand, the speakers explained and suggested how to deal with these problems.
The incident happened on Monday morning at 10 pm while Deimi Lyngdoh was on his way home in a Ford FIgo (No.AS-01-BE-4
From time to time, it is heard that as the elections to the Legislative Assembly approach, the talk from the leaders of various candidates is that they have to fight for the power of money, which means that all those who win They are the ones who throw money at them.
Shanti Jiban Chakma's political career has been memorable.
The government's lack of action to improve the road in this regard has caused suffering to the passengers due to the excessive deterioration of the road.
The President said women play a major role in environmental protection and climate change action.
The Bible is like a sword against Satan.
“Because of this problem, these women have gone to open an account at the Apex Bank in Bhoirymbong with the help of the CSWO office bearers,” said Kong Kharshiing.
Then the pastor said that in the Gospel of Matthew in the old Bible in chapter 5 verse 3 it is written 'Blessed are the poor in spirit; for theirs is the kingdom of heaven'- in the New Testament from the same chapter and verse it is written 'Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. the kingdom of heaven is theirs’.
The 38 elders alleged that the worst case was the incident of Shella MDC Teinwell Dkhar who allegedly called a meeting at his residence in Nongduh, Hima Mawlong. on the 28th of this month.
On the other hand, NDTV believes that the news is very neutral.
Because if the state ignores such important issues, the future of the youth will be dark especially as the youth are the budlum of the state.
“We will meet together because the party itself believes that it is necessary to strengthen the power of the national parties.
The Society for Urban and Rural Empowerment (SURE) in collaboration with the North East Slow Food and Agro-Biodiversity Society (NESS) has organized a traditional food competition in which 40 farmers from villagers took part.
It is terrible and cold to think that the future generation will lose their sovereignty in their own country or that they are those Indians who have no land, no land, no Hima. .
On receiving information about the incident, the leaders of the RBYF Lumnongrim Unit, led by the President of the RBYF Lumnongrim Unit, Samla Hynry Marngar, and Balakmenlang Nongbri, President of the RBYF Lumnongrim Unit, said: and Shining Kharsohnoh, went to arrest these drivers and ordered them to remove all the niut, which they had broken in the place.
In the meantime, the government has tightened the rules and regulations.
Although it is their first time to take part in the tournament, two of them have won bronze medals through Espiranza Stela Songthiang in the 50 kg category and Saimi Phawa in the 48 kg category.
Monica, who tied 50 off 55 balls, scored three fours and one six, while Jayshree Singh scored 33 runs.
"In the early days, the land of the Hynniewtrep people was handed over to the present Longdien with the distinct name “Khasi-Jaintia” for one distinct nation.
One of the shortcomings of MeECL is the way it collects money from the residents for the consumption of electricity.
“We have developed a Youth Policy to empower the youth and the Government has taken steps to develop about 2000 Lower and Upper Primary Schools.
He said that the MDA government is a government that bans local contractors because it does not want to employ them, but brings in big lists for the benefit of foreign companies.
Complaints can be sent by phone to Sub-Inspectors: 9436110184.
Sudha immediately looked for Umesh and demanded that he should go home immediately, as it was her turn to go to her house. Umesh has reassured her that he will evict her immediately as soon as he gets a chance to leave Nidhi's house, but she has not been able to return to her husband's house and now she has complained. They went back to the police and demanded that they look for him and demand that he return to her house.
Two missiles were reportedly exploded at the Al Balad airport, where US troops are stationed, but no one was injured.
Speaking on the occasion, Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem, congratulated the Dorbar Shnong Nongpoh for organizing this cleanliness drive. to teach the people about the cleanliness of the morning.
“We aim to support about 20,000 businesses under this program in the next five years,” he added.
They did not say that he was the Son of God or the Messiah, but a Prophet.
In the old bible in the Gospel of John chapter 14 and verse 2 it says 'In my Father's house are many mansions; otherwise I would have told you; Pastor P.Dkhar said that this verse has caused misunderstanding among the youth and they think alone 'what policemen are they' The same chapter 14 verse 2 says – 'In my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would have told you. .
“I announce that we will donate T.10 lakh for the improvement of this stadium,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ at the meeting.
Before the water reaches the ryndang, the AJYWO urges the Dorbar Shnongs not to rely only on those laws of the Meghalaya government which have never been passed, but to to use their powers and authority to take responsibility for the monitoring and control of their respective villages, the entry and exit, the work and the residence of the villages. “It's a good idea to have a strong presence of foreigners who come to our state every day without end,” said the statement.
The union also urges the government of India and the government of Meghalaya to implement the aspirations of the indigenous people of the state in all aspects, from the appointment of mynder, adequate educational institutions, employment, healthcare, colored roads and so on.
Of these, 16 lakh units were built using the new housing technology.
That’s until 4 pm in the summer and 7 pm in the summer.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Bah Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that the Dorbar Shnong Lapangap has planted trees in the area where the trees were damaged by the Karbi on Lum Moo Pyrdet Pynthor in the village. Field.
In 2015, the union had already demanded from the government to reuse the site.
Special thanks to Bah D.Tariang, the author of this article, I wish him to grow stronger and stronger and may the spirit of patriotism grow and flourish from time to time in the country. Khasi loves God.
“We request all political parties to participate, which we have already announced since yesterday with the approval of the committee," she said.
Stressing that the law should not be taken into one's own hands especially at night when there is drunkenness, the MLA said that a case should be lodged against the incident as it cannot be tolerated. respect the law within the constituency.
When asked whether the operations of post offices have been affected in this age of technology, Das said that post offices have their roles to play.
Ajaju Marak, Leader of the ANVC-B, has raised the allegation of involvement of Dr Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister and his team. group to sit on the post of Chief Minister of the State.
The BDO who was shot dead was identified as Laben Ch.
Fr. Ferdinand was consecrated as a full priest on Sunday at the Church of the Holy Spirit, Ummulong, West Jaintia Hills by Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, Archbishop of Shillong. the celebration of the Holy Mass.
According to the CAG report, during the four years of operation from 2002 to 2005, the company had to pay T.54.08 crore under the contract with the government but the company paid only T.19 crore and you still have to pay Rs 35.08 crore.
Similarly, if you are the Minister in charge of Public Health Engineering.
The Border Security Force (BSF) in collaboration with the Karimganj Police have seized 16,907 kilos of Burmese Supari worth T.1 crore from a truck in Karimganj district. They told the officials on Sunday.
Bah Phrang Roy said the festival will focus on traditional food, traditional knowledge, traditional languages ​​and the preservation of biodiversity.
The students of NEHU who led the Campaign For Change said that the reason for setting up this NGO is after they saw that in the state there are no policies to promote the people in all directions.
Ian said that as of now, it is necessary to have a North East Swimming Forum, where the states of the region can compete among themselves.
Tens of thousands of people who went to France, Mesopotamia (Iraq) and Egypt, those who returned home, told of the horrors of the Great War.
On this occasion, it was also decided to hold a larger meeting and gathering of the elders, women and youth of the Constituency on the 9th of this month at Tynring.
Those who preach without pay don't get paid either, unlike me who preach without pay.
