All Christians believe in God the Father, God the Son and God the Holy Spirit.
The Government of India has sent Ministers to the airport to welcome the Presidents, Prime Ministers and Ministers of the countries who have come to take part in the meeting.
Chiarmon Dkhar, said that her work will not end today, but she will continue to do her charity work to the poor families who have been affected. Indeed due to the curfew in India which continues today due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The farmers of the area do not neglect their fields and in all four seasons they work hard to feed their families.
Through the song, Khyriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War are the paid Khasi people.
The HYC said it will discuss with the HYC to move forward with this issue.
“We will not participate but we will give our full support to the struggle of the Greater Phulbari Retired Teachers Association,” said Bah Nongsiang.
About four Raijs, Raij, Khonshnong, Niawkmai, Ionglang and Lapnei, were present at the ceremony.
Shillong, March 22: The People's Candidate Forum (PCF) has sent a letter of request to all political parties including the BJP, the MPCC, the Nationalist Congress Party ( NCP), National People's Party (NPP), United Democratic Party (UDP), Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) and Khun Hyn Hyn Niewtrep National Awakening Movement (KHNAM), have decided not to contest the Lok Sabha MP elections. Shillong Parliamentary Seat (ST).
In this regard, the union urges the authorities especially the Excise Department, not to issue licenses to those who intend to shop kyiad in violation of the rules and regulations. If the government continues to issue licenses, the association will take other measures, he added.
Shillong, Naiwieng 9 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the preparations between the government and the HNLC for the start of peace talks are in progress and will start soon. formal peace negotiations.
Others who attended the meeting included MLA Macmillan Byrsat, Deputy Commissioner PD Sangma, government officials from the education department, teachers, leaders of the Managing Committee and other dignitaries.
Bah Ardent's right hand was injured after he greeted the people every day who came to encourage him in the protest to demand the renewal of the appointment quota which is according to the demand of the time. .
The villagers of the state and the minorities have been praying that the BJP should not come to power, but Conrad has gone to support the candidacy of Narendra Modi.
The BJP is last as only 36% of its candidates (23 out of 60) are crorepati.
The parents of the children have requested the leaders of the party to take action on this issue.
The village has only one LP school, about 50 students, 7 students who have passed Matric and only one student who has passed B.A. 99 out of 100 of them are farmers and do not own their own land, but they live and farm on the land of the Iawlar and Iawren clans.
The purpose of the Academy to open this Center in Ri Bhoi is to provide training to the children according to the present era and also to provide them with a developmental league. This includes Baby League, Youth League, Women's League as well as tournaments abroad.
Nongstoiñ, March 31 : To encourage the youth to exercise for a healthy and strong body, the office of the District Sport Officer in collaboration with the District Administration The Unity for Run 8.7 kilometers for men and women has been held in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society.
It shall be up to the language authority to determine and decide what is required according to its use in speech, reading and writing.
However, these projects have not yet reached any conclusion due to the strong opposition from many.
On the Ministry of Tourism, HM Shangpliang said that there are places which have not been developed in the state such as the golf course at Pongtung village under Pynursla village which has already been built. entertainment area for up to 2.
There are certain elements that have to be reported on from the start of the scheme in order to have an initial certification.
The Dolloi of the Elaka is the head of the Elaka.
SHILLONG: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle on Monday met with the officials of the PowerGrid Electricity Distribution Department (KSU) on receiving a complaint that the department has cut the salaries of the contract employees.
The rally was attended by the elders and parents of the village, who expressed their deep sorrow over the relocation of the Washing Ghat from one place to another. even.
The three-part program will start from the 7th to the 12th of this month, the second phase from 11th to 16th November and from 9th October to 14th March .
It was also the first goal for Dajiedlang Wanshong in the OC Blue SPL. Although Mawlai struggled to score more goals, it was unsuccessful until the end of the first half. she got back to score.
He said that many candidates have applied for the MP election from Shillong, while no candidates have applied for Tura.
However, after graduation, they find it difficult to find jobs in government offices and others, in order to support their families and the future of their lives.
The Minister in charge of Electricity, Prestone Tynsong, said that the government has already canceled the Umngot Hydro Power Project and has no intention of working on it. this project.
The TMC on Tuesday strongly criticized the allegations of incompetence in the governance of the MDA Government under the leadership of the NPP and the corruption in various aspects in South Tura (which is also the constituency of the Minister). Rangbah) and admits that it is the only party that can bring about the change that the people deserve.
The HANM West Khasi Hills Unit (HSU) has demanded the resignation of the Deputy Commissioner, Bah Sylverstar Kharkyngdoh.
Rangdajied United Football Club started the Meghalaya State League 2023 with a victory by beating Niaw Wasa United 2-0 in the opening match of the Meghalaya State League 2023 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium. in Jowai today 12th June
If it receives an allocation of Rs 20-25 crore, the remaining work can be completed”.
All Umphniang Sharak Vendors after submitting the Appointment Order must also submit a Challan of Rs.10.00 (Shiphew tyngka) for Fresh and Rs.5.00 (Five tyngka) for Renew. The Treasury Challan shall be issued to the Head of Account and shall be submitted to this office.
The Prime Minister said that he too believes that there is a threat to journalists and they need protection and he will also provide protection schemes and will also set up a committee through DIPR to discuss the issue. Journalists Welfare Scheme.
“How can the driver of the vehicle who collided with the vehicle of the Prime Minister, without any injuries, be charged with attempted murder and charged under Section 307 of the IPC,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
The water level in Umïam was 3,162.24 feet yesterday, and MeECL needs the water level in Umïam to be 3,164 feet above the level to generate electricity.
He said that most of the participants were from Khasi category, Jaintia category, Garo category, ST category and SC category while those from open category were not represented. Aman said they will send a letter and copies to the SPs in their respective areas.
Badap Pura Nongkhlaw alone tied 39 runs and Khrawkupar Kharumnuid 34 runs while Wansiewdor Lyndem took three wickets in three overs for 14 runs.
He said many people measure the success of a doctor by his wealth, his family, and his health facilities and workplace.
To promote equality in domestic and trade opportunities.
Besides the desire to fight hard for the development works in the border villages, the MLA of Nongpoh, on that day, also promised to the management of the school, that he will take action and fight hard for the sake of peace. suitable for the needs of the school.
The reason is because of miracles and wonders.
“Bulshit” said the President of GSU. The President of the Garo Students Union (GSU) has criticized the condition of one of the check posts in Garo Hills.
In the midst of supervising the education of my children who go to school, I spend my days writing down all the stories I have heard and seen.
At 8:00 pm, the doctors examined the body of Bah Ardent after more than three days of starvation, but they said that he was still in good health.
Pardeep Kumar, IRS Expenditure Observer, will oversee the 3-Raliang and 4-Mowkaiaw.
Referring to these Congress candidates, who went to file their nomination papers today, they are also more experienced in politics, because they have been MLAs and MDCs. Celestine Lyngdoh, Umsning MLA, Charles Marngar, Mawhati MDC, Stanliwis Rymbai, former Umroi MLA and Rona Khymdeit, former Nongpoh MDC. Adrian L. Chyne Mylliem is the only candidate who will contest from Jirang Constituency.
Referring to the two MDCs, Grace Mary Kharpuri and James Sylliang, Basaiawmoit said it is difficult to change the behavior of some people who are stupid. and brai only in the work of evil.
During the meeting with the vendors, the Syiem Police and the Government Police were present at the scene.
In connection with another bomb blaster, Jameesha Mubeen, 25, who burnt to death when one of the cylinders inside the Maruti 800, he was killed. A sudden incident occurred in Coimbatore on 23rd March.
They are people who have no roots and for whom the community or society has no value except the goods it produces and who can be bought or picked and discarded if they are no longer needed.
He said that if the government looks into the problems of the chicken farmers in the state, the chicken farmers can fill the number of chickens in the state.
“This is the most expensive sport and for SAM to have its own rifles will help a lot to improve the sport.
S. Suchen, Vice President, Satly Ryngkhlem, General Secretary, Kwilnis Suchiang, Assistant General Secretary, Pynshaikupar Dkhar, Finance Secretary, Shaniahskhem Dkhar, Assistant Finance Secretary, Cherity Suja and Mr. Khihlang Shylla, Organizing Secretary, Deiniwan Lyngdoh, Assistant Organizing Secretary, Olenbat Pdang, Chibait Rymbai and Donbok Mukhim, Education Secretary, Emmon Chyrmang, Assistant Education Secretary, Santoba Bamon, Benito Suja Publicity Secretary, Hamewn Pynhun Ryngkhlem, Assistant Publicity Secretary, Meshak Kyndoh, Office Secretary, Jovelity Dkhar and Kyrshan Dkhar, Environment and Socio Cultural Secretary, Phanuel Tongper and others.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday convened a meeting of all the Chief Executive Members (KHADC) under its jurisdiction at 11 am at Student Square.
These contract teachers have been dismissed for two years after they failed to pass the Meghalaya Teacher Eligibility Test (MTET) examination held in state.
On the other hand, Bah Dundee congratulated the team for reaching the goal.
They are rich in protein and berries are also rich in antioxidants which help in good blood flow.
100 days MGNREGS works have been allowed to continue with the requirement of social distancing and wearing of masks. rep according to the rules of the C&RD Block.
Shillong, Jymmang 05: The excitement of some candidates, including the Sitting MLAs, to contest the MLA elections in 2023 has now begun to subside.
He has been a strong NSS Volunteer and has completed the B & C Grade Examination of the National Cadet Corps (NCC) under the Ministry of Defence, Government of India.
In a statement, the ANVC-B said that the policy of the ANVC-B is different from other parties because it has intelligent leaders who want for the welfare of the community.
Teinwel is the EM of KHUDA and Remington Pyngrope is Dy CEM both from the UDP. According to the CEM, the UDP will remain with KHUDA under the leadership of the Congress.
All the villagers, men and women, are invited to come out to clean up the village on this day and those who own land and houses in Bakur who live in other villages are requested to come. Daniel Khongsit, Waheh Village Council, Bakur, West Jaintia Hills District, said in a statement.
Measles is a disease spread by the infection of the mosquito.
After receiving the comments and objections regarding the list of parties and candidates to contest the election, the new list will be submitted on 30th November and after that the list of parties and candidates will be submitted. Other rules and issues relating to the upcoming elections will be introduced.
In Ri Bhoi, there are 68 cases and these include Nongpoh Jail Cluster 9, ILI Case 6, Lad Mawrong Cluster 10, Lum Roman Cluster 2, Patarim Cluster 2, Patharkhmah Cluster 19 and Police
I will never flee my country and I will never support the government.
He said that even after the members of the Academic Council (AC) of the university have demanded to convene an emergency meeting of the AC, on the allegation of irregular implementation of the NEP-2020 at the 'Under Graduate' (2023-24), VC, Prof. PS Shukla expressed disbelief on this matter.
The Best Performing ICRP was awarded to Junemonth Suchiang, Dathranglang SHG.
Furthermore, community development works such as Dorbar Shnongs, footpaths, outdoor venues, assistance to Dorbar Shnongs, Village Organizations amounting to T.4,26, 14,190 for 281 such activities, sports development works amounting to T.2,40,68,300 such as construction of sports grounds, spectators and assistance to sports associations for 28 sports associations like these things.
Two eyes look back and two look forward and in childhood we are surprised, we cannot believe and so we laugh.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on Thursday launched two garbage trucks of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB).
He said that it was at this time that the residents of Lawkhla Mawlong went to rescue the student.
She said that if we follow the Assam Reorganization Act, the first government at that time, the All Party Hills Leader Conference (APHLC) has already rejected it and why should we allow it now? Because we have signed documents that stand firm for the Khasi and Jaintia people and we must remember that those theories given by the leaders of today mean to bury those needs. of the documents and said that we will proceed according to the documents of the Survey of India"
He urged the parents, Rangbah Shnong and the villagers to cooperate with the school so that it can provide good services to the children of the village. .
In their meeting with the MeECl officials, they demanded that they should immediately provide electricity to about 50 villages of EJHD which have not received electricity for more than three months.
The Government's share for the year has been released in two parts according to the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
Hundreds of innocent souls have lost their lives in bloodshed.
In a complaint lodged at Laitumkhrah Police Station today, Agnes admitted that according to information, the bank statement of the Voluntary Health Association of Meghalaya (VHAM) at Corporation Bank, Kesamon Building, Laitumkhrah showed that the bank statement had been paid. to K.Chyrmang and Lucky Bareh, for the purchase of thyrnia by VHAM from 26/04/2010 to 12/09/2011 and from 10/01/2012 to 15/05/2
Assam “Khasi States”,  The Income Tax Act 1961, The Meghalaya Building Bye Laws 2011, The Cantonment Act 2006, The National Highway Authority Act, The  Coal Mines Nationali-sation Act 1973, The  Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Forest Act, The  Mines and Mineral Development Regulation Forest Act Conservation Act 1980, Wildlife Act, Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, and many other Acts, Rules and Regulations issued from time to time.
Sardar Vallabhai Patel was a freedom fighter who brought about the unity of the States in India.
She said that the establishment of MEGNOLIA is an important step in the State's journey to become a leader in the production of organic agriculture. clean medicine inside the country.
Secretary, Phraki Thubru, VC President Ewanmi Phawa and members of the Jowai Circle.
Many national parties have been completely demoted this time.
Shillong, Nailar 14: U Bah Kiesdon Nongpluh has lodged a complaint with the Lumdiengjri PS that on the 13th of this month at 7 pm, unidentified robbers consisting of about 5 or 6 persons robbed The robbers entered the residence of his employees at Qualapatty behind Norevelyn School, Shillong, and the robbers bombed and tied them with silver coins.
I remember how he has destroyed the health department of our State by failing to improve the department.
The Advocate General said that if those involved in the establishment of these illegal factories are identified, it will not be difficult to take the necessary action. to investigate thoroughly and find those people involved in these coal burning factories to punish them according to the law.
Congress leader and spokesperson Abhishek Singhvi and his wife have tested positive for covid-19 in New Delhi today.
The Bill has been distributed to all political parties in the state through the Political Affairs Department and seeks their comments.
please share more info.
The task is not yet fast, but it requires the State Government to look into the laws and regulations relating to the environment, although we know that the owners of the parks are too ready to We expect that the State will move forward to complete the coal mining in the next few months.
In the 12 bor, this kind of story is very rare because they in search of food have to stand in the rai-lum rai-wah and do not believe in the evil that women often tell.
The Ri Bhoi District Chess Association (RIC) has concluded its District Chess Competition on Tuesday, 7th November 2023 at Umsaitsning.
The Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, said that the police received a report on the incident at 5.30 pm on Friday and the cause of the death of the six persons is still unknown. for no man hath seen this thing.
“We are surprised how people from Silchar come to Shillong for treatment, people who are not sick, who are healthy, we suspect that there may be something wrong with the sudden arrival of these patients. “It's a very popular person now,” said Thomas.
The district administration has deployed police personnel to prevent the participation of the political parties at the public hearing, but before the public hearing started, there was a stone throwing and shooting in front of the police which caused injuries.
Gurjit Singh, Secretary of the HPC, recently said that they have agreed with the government's blueprint but stressed the need to discuss some issues with the residents of the country. Sweepers' Colony.
From the forests or rainforests (not the hills kseh or hills) these creatures get plenty of food and the farmers are happy and encouraged because the agriculture and drinking water are available in all the areas. saw iron.
He said the Congress' position is to oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 and the party has agreed that if it comes to power in Delhi, it will exempt the North East from the CAB. “If you come to the government in Delhi, we will remove the CAB from the North East and this is the approval of the party,” he said.
“If these centers can function properly, many people will no longer have to come to the market to dump their garbage because the dump site will be available only in their villages,” he added.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Mid Day Meal Workers Union (AMWU) on Tuesday held a meeting to discuss the issue of mid day meal workers in various schools. The Fire Brigade has demanded that the state government should immediately increase the honorarium from T.100 to T.2000 per month.
At the same time, the ECI said that the candidates and parties should refrain from making any statements that are against the dignity of women.
In the cycle, 1st Prize was won by Elhannan Jason Syiem (Rs 15,000), 2nd Prize was won by Jakgra N Marak (Rs 10,000) and 3rd Prize was won by Ronan Bazeley (Rs 7000).
On the other hand, Bah Buam said that this is the third time in a month that the BSF have committed such acts against his vehicles. The permit must be signed by the Superintendent of Excise.
The President of the Seng Longkmie Tynring, Kong P.Kharmukhi, in a meeting with reporters, said that there are three corruption cases of the Sordar which has prompted the residents of Tynring to oppose him. and to appeal to the District Council.
“Although the party has given the best service to the state, there are many allegations against the NPP party even though all these allegations are merely false. “It is unfounded, and on the part of the party, as long as they accuse and insult us, it will encourage us to give the best service to the people”.
Look at our girls now, shynroin riap – riap, naphang lin, our men are only enough for themselves, strong and proud to introduce people to their tyrneng Kohkarang who died stupidly that day.
She said that he began to feel sad when he was robbed of the gun and would continue to stay overnight to play with the robbers, who were involved in robbery. play online.
Witnesses said that the cause of the accident was the speeding of a four-wheeler with the number plate DL 3C AN 2697, which collided with the A vehicle with the plate number ML 05 P 1631 collided with another vehicle with the plate number ML 08 G
Shillong, Lber, 26: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the Government has not yet taken any decision regarding the implementation of the Green Tax in the state.
After the earthquake, Gangtok District Magistrate Tushar Nikhare visited the area along with several families of Gangtok District.
“On the other hand, the plaintiff has requested for further investigation, including the alleged involvement of the state government and nine dewbilat companies, which will be heard in the next hearing. The court, comprising Chief Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice B Bhattacharjee, said in the order.
The NPP, which has 26 MLAs, has received strong support from the BJP, which has 2 MLAs and 28 MLAs.
Prof Martin replied, “Respected Speaker, there are two types of translation, one is to give the true meaning of the word and the other is to give an understanding of the meaning of the word. I am a Khasi and I don't need to search again to understand the meaning of the word kaw-kaw.
Recently, the collapse of the newly opened bus stand (ISBT) at Mawiong and the collapse of the building of the State Legislative Assembly building under construction at Mawdiangdiang have shocked the people. corruption, corruption, partisanship and corruption that benefits only friends or those who have close ties with the rulers.
The Chief Leader of the Union of Barikor in the State, Bah Raphael Warjri, acknowledged the statement of those leaders and stressed the need for the production of skilled trainers in the field of writing in the state. for the development of young people who wish to improve in this field.
The President of the Governing Body of Rev. JJM Nichols-Roy College, Rev. Dr. AC Moore said that Rev. JJM Nichols Roy has a strong faith as a Christian leader who believes in Jesus Christ and who This is the expression of God's love for the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
According to Bah Basiawmoit, the names of the contractors have been placed exactly on the Council's list, to know where they came from.
“All the efforts to implement the peace talks between the HNLC and the government have progressed so far and we hope that the official peace talks will be held soon,” he said.
Speaking on other political parties, which have already announced their MP candidates from Shillong and Tura, Sangma said, “It is not a delay but if the party has already announced The names for Tura and Shillong do not mean that other parties have to follow suit, they have their own role and stai.
Two children under the age of 18 from Ri Bhoi district on Tuesday suddenly fell ill and are suspected to have been possessed by a demon until they lost consciousness.
At the same time, the KSU has demanded that the government should challenge the MBOSE's recent publication of textbooks which have many errors which have misled the students. words before publishing any book.
The goal was scored by the spectators who came to witness and support Lajong FC. However, in the middle of the match, Neroca forward Fabian Reid from Jamaica scored the first goal. scored the equalizer in the 79th minute, and the match ended 1-1
Just under 10 o'clock they went to bed.
The dogs have been able to detect drug traffickers by smelling bombs and have now been trained to detect malaria, cancer and Parkinson's disease.
Lyngdoh said the search for the four men who died in the coal mine started on the 11th at noon and the body was found at 4:30 pm.
The Seng expresses its strong opposition to this attempt by foreigners to attack and injure our fellow citizens, which has resulted in the injury of many people and the loss of the precious life of one of our members. of KSU Sohra Circle.
The Prime Minister also agreed to consider the demand of the Rangbah Riewlum to increase the number of MLAs and 30 MLAs, instead of one MP and 15 as at present.
The Winter Tales Festival is a program for talented entrepreneurs with the aim of opening up opportunities for local entrepreneurs and groups involved in the production of handicrafts in the state so that They will be able to showcase their talents on various types of crafts, food as well as music.
Shillong, Naiwieng 19: A big festival will be held in Sohra on the occasion of the death anniversary of poet Soso Tham.
“I don't walk by lying to win the election,” he said. “It is with the blessings of God and the people that I won the MLA and became a Minister in the MDA Government. I remember when I was an MDC, the farmers protested against the ban on the use of fertilizers.
There are up to 500 vacancies in the Government and PSUs per annum and these are the departments that are still slow in employment”.
Vi, a telecom services company, has broken the Guinness World Record for the largest notebook, showing its strong commitment to the campaign. 'Be Someone's We', which aims to bring love and responsibility among people, who use 23071 Notebooks.
Shillong: The Minister in charge of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, who is also a member of the Governing Council of NEIGHRIMS, today said that the Governing Council of NEIGHRIMS has taken a If the Director of NEIGHRIMS, Dr DM Thapa does not resign, he will be dismissed.
Other candidates are BJP candidate Joshua Warjri, Komen Laitmon as an independent candidate and Congress candidate Batyngshain Ryngnga.
Shillong, June 17 : In an age when the spirit of helping others has declined, there are still people who have the spirit of compassion to support and give hope to those families who have lost hope that they will be able to survive. get a smiling face in life.
“In that day shall his (Jesus') feet stand upon the mount of Olives, which is before Jerusalem” Zechariah 14:11 “And it shall come to pass in that day, that I will pour upon the house of David, and upon the inhabitants of Jerusalem, the spirit of grace and of mercy; request …….
The Dorbar Pyllun of Smit Village was attended by youth, children, women and elderly people who filled the Syiem Square.
“We understand that there will be problems if the contract with the company is cancelled, as it will go to the Court and get a decision from the Court to sustain it.
He said that the KSU stands firmly on the demand for the implementation of the ILP in the state and at the same time, the KSU demands that the rules of the ILP should not be violated. but that it should be implemented in accordance with the ILP Act, which is currently in force in Mizoram.
Nongpoh: The General Council of the United Democratic Party (UDP) Ri Bhoi District, Nongpoh, today held a meeting to confirm the office bearers of the United Democratic Party (UDP). UDP is not afraid.
In the second match, Mookyrdup beat Madan Thadmuthlong 6-5
They also complained that if the seventh article provides protection, why can't the rivers be protected?
The state government has said that sub sections 5 and 16 of Section 8 are against the Constitution.
We need to partner with the ryndia farmers who can provide the ksai ryndai so that you can produce the perfect ryndai jaiñ,” said the Minister.
“He also expressed his regret that the Khasi youth do not take seriously the examinations conducted by the UPSC and that is why there is a shortage of officers in high ranks to lead the State.
It has produced many women who have been a blessing and benefit to the society in the region and the country at various levels.
Speaking on the PM-Ujjwala scheme which provides free gas connection to the poor households, he urged the people to take advantage of the PM-Ujjwala scheme. such facilities from the government for them.
Shillong, Jymmang 14: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today met with Defense Minister Rajnath Singh in Delhi to discuss the problems faced by Shillong due to traffic jam.
Therefore, everyone should be good at reading so that it will benefit them in the future and in everyday life.
The meeting will also discuss how to move forward for the inclusion of customs and traditions, the Six Schedule, traditional music, traditional games and language. Sangma said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Metbah said that the party will set up a special committee comprising party leaders, experts from universities and colleges including hill state fighters to produce a book which explains in detail the journey and struggle of the heroes of the nation at that time.
In the evening, there was also a performance of traditional Khasi and Korean songs.
“We just ask for the assistance of the police if there is anything that requires us to do so,” said Bah Tynsong.
He said that all the 74 residents have returned to Lapangap safely.
Therefore, we urge those in charge of the money to please continue to deliver the money exactly when it is not needed. get lost on the road and reach the Plapei buaid – tyngka, so that we can rise in terms of wealth.
The family members said that Bah Koi is a very shy person and he has no reason for anything and he has been living in Mawlai Nongpdeng for some time now after the death of his mother.
The SGH girls managed to score in 13.5 overs and most of the runs were scored through extras.
“When you don't have a license plate, you don't have a license plate because you don't have a license card or NOC from the Municipal or the Syiem of Mylliem. MeECL cannot provide these and this shows that these people do not have any documents,” he added.
On the part of the Environmental Executive of M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd, HP Gupta gave an explanation on the implementation of the project. to protect the environment and to provide protection to the workers who will work in the park.
According to them, they were sent for various medical tests at the Civil Hospital Shillong and when they arrived at the Civil Hospital, they said that the doctors had sent them to come tomorrow. They decided to leave the Dhar Company Construction in Laitlyngkot and walked from Civil until they were arrested by the members of the Seng. 3mer.
Shillong, as the capital, has performed better with 10 projects being fully or partially implemented.
It is to be recalled that on the 9th of this month, the Jowai Municipal Board had collected the garbage from Jowai, but the next day the garbage was collected again at Iawmusiang.
However, there were years before 1967, when the Assembly and the Legislative Assembly were dissolved.
“It needs to be approved by the House before being taken to the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Central Government to take the necessary action,” he said.
No casualties were reported from the earthquake.
Dev wrote on Twitter that 12 personnel from the 138th BSF Unit have tested positive for Covid-19, bringing the total number of cases to There are 14 recoveries and those undergoing treatment.
Shillong, November 8: The National Awakening Movement State Youth Wing (NCWW) led by the President of the party, Bah Thomas, said: Passah has met with the village leaders of Mawngap village today to present the Public Information Act, which the party has received from the Rajya Sainik Board.
Titos, who lost by only 15 votes in the last MLA election from Sohra to Gavin M Mylliem, said it is the decision of the people when they elect their leaders. and the people of Sohra constituency for 15 years, he will continue to serve as usual.
Police have received a complaint from Paul Lyngdoh and are conducting investigation.
The members of the family expressed their gratitude to the leaders and members of the party for this donation which is a great blessing to them.
The shortage of government employees in the department has caused problems not only to the employees to complete their duties and at the same time the biggest problem is to the people who may have come from far away from the city. Shillong Spirit.
The time will come when those mountains will be covered and we will stop what we are doing now without thinking twice about what will happen in the next few years.
The house was handed over by Kong Geeta Nongkynrih, one of the women involved in the group.
On the other hand, the school children also performed dances and songs to enrich the programme, along with costume shows.
Psalm 90:9-10.
In fact, the ICC has taken part in the failure to take any steps to move the T20 World Cup from the West Indies and the USA and so far there has been no discuss or discuss the matter.
On the other hand, captain Samuel Lalmuanpuia said that the club has denied that the team is weak but said that in relation to last season, with the presence of foreign players, this The team is now better but what is needed is to play more carefully.
For more information please call 9862702117, 6909820936, 8787897288,
It is often the custom in public meetings that the people are the judges and at the same time the judges.
Jaswinder Singh of PWD XEN said that the company should have improved the road every five years and the first time was in 2012, but even then they did not improve it at all. .
The cleaning was divided into two groups, one group from Kongong just after NH 6 and the other from Lumshyrmit and met at Mukhaialong village at San Shnong Secondary School.
“However, if we are silent only because there are those who know how to sing and if we are silent only because of the election song, it is better that we elect a composer (Bah Smiling Mylliemngap),” said Bah Mawkhiew. The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has chanted the election song 'Meinah Panah Ha U Prah'
There will also be a demonstration of plant care practices by the farmers themselves using their traditional knowledge and skills.
However, all the questions you have prepared from your copies or notes for the past 10 years have been plain as expected.
Higher Secondary Schools are the third place winners.
Some Christians have covered themselves with sleeping bags to sleep in church, believing that the earthquake will destroy the house of God, and those who sleep in church will survive.
During the surprise raids between October 23 and June 4, the specially appointed team filed complaints in 1,083 cases. of violations and also fined the violators in which the total fine collected was T.16 lakh.
Speaking on the implementation of this scheme in the state, the Minister said, “So far only 40% of the implementation of this scheme has been completed and the department intends to continue to work harder to completed in the last three months".
Listen, I tell you now, Don't make a man a god;
“I will look into and take action especially on the deaths of infants and widows.
Riiohlang's victory in the FIFA batch for the fourth time has brought a sense of joy and is a great honor for all the referees and an encouragement to other referees to take part. and follow these examples of the Republic.
The admission of Khasi subject in Universities and Colleges of India for students studying Khasi MIL or Khasi Elective or Honours.
This year, many employees of various companies including Walt Disney Co, Warner Bros and Disco Very have been laid off because the companies can no longer pay them due to losses and expenses. The storytellers will protest and the loss will be even worse.
Shillong: The music video titled Duh Chi Laem Don Hi will be released at 8 pm on the 20th March
The tournament has been divided into 4 zones and today's match will be played in the Mawleiñ Zone.
On this occasion, Bah Pala said that instead of solving the problems, this government has increased the problems.
Shillong, June 6: The Chairman of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and MDC of Langrin Constituency, Bah Mansturdy Nongrem, on Tuesday said that the news in the media and not in Rupang shows that The letter signed by the MDCs to request the CEM to increase the income of the MDCs from T.2 crore each has been disguised as a letter showing that these MDCs who have signed their names want to resign. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and admitted that they are his group.
Finally, she wished the Exhibition to continue and hoped that many participants would come in the years to come.
Vijay Sardesai belongs to the Goa Forward Party and the party is working with the BJP in the Goa Assembly.
“On this part, the Army has a commitment to assist the residents in need, especially those living in the border areas through various assistance.
Two candidates, Pynthymmaibor Chyne and Bantyngshain Rynga, have applied for tickets from the party.
This path is to be decided only once.
Explaining the party's policies, Kharbani said the party's main objective is to work for the benefit of the people of the country.
He urged the youth to use the mobile phones properly because if they use them properly they can earn money as they did in the past. you are infected with Corona Virus.
The HYC also alleged that the company which is constructing this road has not followed the quidlines as it should have been done.
In this regard, the floods have covered about 2047.47 hectares of cropland in the six districts which have been severely affected by the floods.
The handshake, the shla, the body, the selfishness, the slander of others, the self-promotion, the cover-up of wrongdoing, the swar and looking for shortcomings and mistakes in others, the unfounded organization, the cleanliness selfishness and deceitfulness to others, selfishness and other selfishness have increased without limit to deceive the opposition and destroy one's own group.
After receiving the complaint from the girl, the IO of the case, Inspector BK Mishra, who is also the O/C of Laban P.S., has followed up with the banks to stop the money. Police have seized only T.1 lakh tyngka.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kharpran said that the POCSO case is spreading in our area because people don't understand it well, therefore we need to know about it. that we may prevent all kinds of evils, especially against women.
The President of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union, Kong M June Myrsing, has strongly criticized the statement issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare on the indefinite strike by the ASHAs. At a meeting at Ladthadlaboh, Jowai on Tuesday, Myrsing said that the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Ampareen Lyngdoh, has requested the ASHAs to continue their work, but the Regarding the Joint Secretary, Health and Family Welfare, TG Momin, the government has taken action on the issue of the ASHAs. Myrsing said that the government has released a lot of money for their salaries since 2013 and the protests of the The ASHAs are from
They change their language from moment to moment and also show signs of error throughout this mediation process," the statement said.
In this regard, a police chief of the city, said that the arrest of the child was a mistake in the management of the authorities or the police at that time.
There is only one sha to drink before the prayer.
At the same time, the village headmen have been directed to be vigilant and to direct the shopkeepers to ensure that there will be no violation of protocols.
Harry Kane, 27, scored from the penalty spot, but his team-mates Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Bukayo Saka failed to score.
The Division Bench comprising Justice Debangsu Basak and Md Shabbar Rashidi directed the CBI to investigate the appointment process and send a report within three months.
"But we traveled safely, there was absolutely no incident while we were on the road," she added.
Those who attended the opening ceremony included Bah CB Syiem, Chairman of Nongpoh Town Committee, Rayonald Kharkamni, Secretary of Nongpoh Town Committee, Bah Opel Lyngdoh, Rangbah. Mawroh Sports and Cultural Club, Marcus Marten, President HNYF and other elders of Nongpoh area.
Manish Sharma (1/34) took one wicket before the end of the innings when he dismissed Satyam Bhoyar for
We are confident that Kashimiris and other indigenous peoples can protect themselves from these many threats.
Besides, the new president of the Meghalaya BJP, Rikman G Momin, said that the party stands against corruption and the party will continue to speak out against corruption against the coalition government. of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA).
It means that if Jesus had not been resurrected, there would have been no city of sins, because Jesus died for the sins of all mankind and rose again forever.
Rising Star and 4-Mowkaïaw United won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (ACA) at Jrisaleiñ Chutwakhu Stadium today.
Charles said the TMC has come at the right time, as the state is in the midst of a very difficult situation where there has been a lot of outcry from the people around the country. the rule of law, the persecution of the people and many other forms of violence.
Samakha said that the discovery of such a variety of rice mixed with different synboh is not a new incident.
He called on the youth to come forward to think about the opportunities that he can create especially in terms of employment opportunities to earn a living. many have learned but do not have the means.
It also says that Christians should participate in worldly affairs including politics, governance, democracy with knowledge, by earning justice for the sake of material wealth in the world and for the sake of the treasure of the soul is in heaven.
“We have decided to postpone the Monolith Festival to the 7th, 8th and 9th of October for unavoidable reasons,” said Member Secretary of the committee, Bah R Karraswai in a statement. Everyone.
On the other hand, they demanded from the government and also from the contractor to expedite the completion of the construction as allocated by the government. If the government doesn't complete it, it doesn't make sense that the land has been given away without paying the price to the government. The village leaders expect that the opening of this school will benefit the youth of the village. and in the District as a whole.
The last date for submission of application forms for these schemes will be 31st November 2023.
Roshan expressed her gratitude to the government through the Prime Minister for allocating more than T.1 crore for the construction of the Iing Dorbar.
The court has ordered the JHADC to send the Dolloi to hold the election of a new Waheh Shnong on 10th November
The 21-year-old scored 10.3 runs in the 24th over to bring his total to 250.1 runs by missing the opportunity. Sweden's Anna Benson won the first place and also won the 100th medal in the disability category. -met in such a game.
“Nothing can be said yet as the police are conducting an investigation,” said Bah Kharkongor.
The KSU has alleged that the fire broke out at 8 PM on Tuesday night. It is learned that the fire broke out due to a lack of electricity. After the children of the family had finished their studies, they went out to visit their neighbours, as their parents were not at home and were selling shops.
“Therefore, on our part, we all the market dwellers appeal to the Government and all the Sengbhalang to have mercy on us who are just working.
The Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat has appealed to the people to cooperate in all areas to overcome these evils.
Shillong, Iaiong 15 : The General Secretary of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Dr. Jemino Mawthoh, on Tuesday admitted that the UDP leaders have not succumbed to the pressure from the left and right to join other parties. they stand firm on the ground that they exist.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should also include those from Khasi Hills like Patricia Mukhim, VG Kynta, Toki Blah, Robert Kharjarin, Dr Sumarbin Umdor, HOD Economic Department, NEHU and others.
He said that on the 19th of July, the same road maintenance will be held in Psiar and Khatkasla villages and urged the people to come forward and take part, as the road in that area has also deteriorated. shaba too much.
Shillong, June 25: The President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) and Shillong MP Vincent H Pala today slammed the MDA government for the lack of leaders. The problem of the city of Jowai regarding the garbage disposal.
After weighing, the drug has a mass of 15 grams.
Give me strength to finish this king's field in one day.
Both of their emphasis is on providing instruction regarding STEM-information or learning for children in classrooms.
Union Children's Ministers Ajay Kumar Mishra and Nishith Pramanik, Vice-Chairman of the Parliamentary Language Committee Bhrita Hari Mahtab and other members of the Committee were also present at the meeting.
There have been 200 new cases of coronavirus in Uttar Pradesh in the past 24 hours.
She said that there are still many women from Meghalaya who are still trapped in such gangs across India.
Lajong coach Alison Kharsyntiew said they will play hard tomorrow to win as it is a very important game for them.
Like literature, it should be understood that it refers to the English word literature, and should not be used widely by forcing it into literature.
Shillong: The family of Meirad Thaneh Warjri, who settled in Kyrdemkulai many years ago, has fallen into a shop where her mother has been arrested for more than 10 years until she became blind.
It will be the same for all students at the National Level including,” he added.
He said it would be difficult for parties like the Voice of the People Party (VPP) to win the Lok Sabha MP election.
The tournament will be held in Roquebrune-Cap-Martin, France from Friday (9th) to 16th of this month.
Subject grading like CE, Physical Education, Evs, etc. will also be considered this year.
Only 14 opposition MLAs including 8 UDP, 4 HSPDP and 2 NPP supported the NC. government.
At the same time, he said that the district authorities will take the necessary action if the investigation finds that these people are not citizens of India.
“The previous government did not give any support to the Williamnagar College but it was the NPP-led government which allocated T.12 crore to complete the building of the new college,” he said.
Nongstoiñ, July 26: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Movement (HNMWKHD) led by Sama Tailan Star Lyngkhoi President HNYM WKHD, last month visited the Civil Hospital Nongstoiñ. found many flaws in the system.
Austria are currently top of Group-F with seven points from three games, while Belgium are second with four points from the 2 games.
The meeting was attended by Asst Professor Mary Tariang, Rev. A. Nongrum, Pastor in charge of Khasi Jaintia Christian Fellowship (KJCF) Bengaluru. , Pynshai Ïawphniaw, Chairman of KSU Bengaluru Unit and others.
“At present we have 177 Specialist Doctors, while the National Standard has more than 300,” she said.
Lok Sabha MP Ma Vincent H Pala inaugurated the VIP Rostrum and Gallery of the Saipung Block Sports Association (SBSA) at Lamyrsiang Square on Saturday.
"“The Government's delay, from 2021 to 2023, that farmers have not received compensation for the damage to their crops by natural forces," he added.
"We have decided to look into the border areas to ensure that illegal immigrants do not get a place to enter between these countries," Goyal said after the meeting.
In his first speech as a politician, Bah Robertjune spoke on the demand for Inner Line Permit, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Eighth Schedule, the attack on the residents of the State on the India-Bangladesh border and the demarcation of the border between Assam and Meghalaya. He said he would also raise the issue of getting his own cadre for the Indian Civil Services in Meghalaya.
Five members of the armed groups who came to surrender on that day also handed over 3 pistols, 3 magazines and 19 rounds of bullets.
Admitting that the incident was a political incident, Bah Tynsong said, “According to my calculations, it is clear that many of those arrested are members of political parties.
The purpose of this organization is to strengthen and expand the traditional culture with the aim of bringing closer the relationship between the people and the state government departments and to improve the knowledge and understanding of the working methods. The President of the Union, Bah R Nongrum, Ri-Bhoi District, said that the development of this field is according to the new scientific era.
According to Bah Gavin, the PDF has supported the MDA-II Government through the invitation of the Prime Minister Conrad K Sangma and there is nothing unpleasant or unpleasant, because the PDF came later to I support you.
Owanijuh Pajuh almost scored the first goal in the second half but one of the players of Rymbai Iawpynsing, Kiming Dkhar, missed the ball and it went up to score the goal. .
On Tuesday, Additional Sessions Judge RP Mogera said that the verdict on the sentence will be issued on 20th June.
JM Pohsngap (PHF) Past President RC-Jowai, Rtn.
God spoke through the patriarchs Adam, Noah, Moses, Abraham and others.
In an article Ron Lieber (,2016) says about our behavior that is the main factor in economic development, in his words:This clearly shows that our choice through the behavior of us, you have increased your income.
To meet with peers who do not feel humiliated or discriminated against3
In addition, on June 24, 2023, the DC of West Karbi Anglong visited Khanduli after admitting that this area still falls within the boundary of West Karbi Anglong.
For more information, please sms at 8258898775 or email – meghalayachess@yahoo.com.
There should be rules and regulations on the use of the internet, so that students do not misuse any information sharing through modern technology.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 05: Many Longkmie and Riew Rangbah today came forward to join the Congress party in Umroi Constituency, after the Congress MLA recently joined the party. Many Trinamul Congress supporters have been left behind.
The Seiñkur Lamare Pynllun Jaintia Hills has also launched the Constitution of the Kur. At the same time, the Seiñkur Lamare, Dolloi Elaka Nartiang and others have been honoured. Young people of the Kur who have played chess in various fields.
I have also had the opportunity to see Bah Sumar face to face in the news-reading room of AIR during the time when AIR was operating from the Guwahati High Court Shillong Bench (near MLA). Hostel).
The symbol of the kew, when it is broken, produces the ata from which the Dkhars make chapati.
When the sky became dark, my mother went to wake her up.
They think only of money and don't want to eat two meals just to get money.
But because it came from the High Priest, it touched my soul as a Christian, because as a Christian I understood clearly the purpose of God why He brought Christianity into the world.
Shillong: About 20 metric tonnes of soh niamtra produced in the state has been exported to Dubai and other countries in the Middle East, said the Minister of Agriculture, Ampareen Lyngdoh.
PUBG was banned from India in November 2020 and has since announced that it will no longer launch the game in India, which is operated by Tencent Games.
Mawkyrwat, November 28: The Deputy Commissioner, Mawkyrwat District, Mawkyrwat has issued a public notice and order that all government offices, revenue and magisterial courts and educational institutions in the district will be closed. will be held on the 30th of November, 2022 (Tuesday) which is the day of celebration of “U Sngap Sing Syiem Day”.
The celebration of Bhartiya Bhasha Utsav-2023 is mainly to raise awareness among the people that different languages ​​bring about economic development in the country and the unity of India.
On the part of the Secretary of the Nongkhyriem Youth Association, Samla Synsharlang L.Rngaid congratulated all the participants, the members of the Winter Games Committee and all those involved in the successful organization of the Winter Games Congratulations to all the students for taking the various examinations of this year.
According to Ernest, the party needs to register 20 percent of the voters.
In the first month of this month, about 19 families who converted to the Christian Church from Mawkynrew area have returned to the Khasi religion.
The training was attended by 22 participants from Meghalaya, including the Soil and Water Conservation, Meghalaya Water Resources Department, Meghalaya Water Pollution Control Board, DRDA, SLNA of the Government of Manipur. bad of All Mizoram Farmers Union (AMFU), Aizawl.
Therefore, the issue of the border dispute between Assam and Meghalaya is also on the interpretation of Para 20(2) of the Sixth Schedule which states, “That the United Khasi Hills District shall include all the areas under the Khasi Hima and Khasi-Jaintia Hills before independence.
Shillong: The Budget Session of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has started on the 20th October. The Executive Committee has written to the Chairman that it does not want to introduce a full year budget and this needs to be informed to the members of the House 7 days before the meeting.
There are six teams participating in the league (Janai FC, Maitshaphrang FC, Rangkynsai FC, Lai Ngut Chi Dus, Lai Yong FC and Albediego FC).
Once again Bahnah pleads that he wants to know too much.
As the state governments have allocated districts, sub-divisions, blocks and so on, they expect the Government of India to listen to the demands for a new state.
From the actions and deeds of many churches especially the leaders these days whether it is in the Khadar rule or religion, it can be seen that Hynniewtrep does not mean only the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi and War but all the people. There is no difference between the people who live in the countryside of the Bri u Hynniewtrep whether they are rich, poor or rich.
Regarding this incident, the DGP said that more vigilant measures have been taken in which all police stations will monitor the security.
He also urged the Karbi people to unite to love and respect each other, especially to preserve and preserve the customs and traditions that have been established since ancient times so that they will not disappear from this earth, he added.
The Minister also announced that in the CM Elevate Programme, there will also be a share for anti-drug organizations and people who have escaped from the chain of drugs to set up their own businesses.
The Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, inspected the Shillong-Nongstoin By Pass at Sohiong and after that, he inspected the Mairang, Kynshi and then the Nongstoin Byepass to Tura at Pyndengrei.
“But this man, after he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God” Hebrews 10:1
In the second match, Sohryngkham Youngstar beat Mawkasiang SC 2-0 goals. The pre-quarter match will be played on the 10th June, 2021 (Saturday) .
“As members of the Church, we hold the social responsibility of the Church to strengthen the faith and to be pure in spirit and to serve others and to contribute to the church and society for the growth.
For those who wish to vote from home, modern equipment will be used by the Election Commissioners to visit their homes, in the presence of the Polling Agents of the Political Parties, so that there will be no fraud in connection with their voting.
SSLC Selection Test 2020 because only candidates who have passed the Selection Test of the DSEO office can appear for the Final SSLC Examination
Shillong: U Bah Readington Marweiñ, owner of Mawphor and Highland Post newspapers, passed away on Friday, July 10, 2021 at Dr Gordon H Robert Hospital.
The court also sentenced him under Section 6 to imprisonment for up to 25 years and a fine of T.30,0
After this match, Meghalaya will have another chance to prove itself against Manipur tomorrow.
The NPP leaders said that as a party which has the goal of working well and serving the people, it hopes that Dasakhiatbha Lamare will work well and become a party. for the benefit not only to the people of Mawhati, but to the District and the State as a whole.
There were also farmlands, farmlands and farmlands which were abandoned because they were no longer suitable for farming.
He said that the Government's desire to open a casino on the pretext of collecting revenue is only a public misleading because even this team has not taken action to ensure that it collects revenue. .
The Village prohibits any of its children from speaking at the Public Meeting of Candidates held within the Village Hall.
Why do drama by going to the temple only when the elections are approaching,” asked Nalinkumar Kateel.
The JHTOA at its meeting held on Tuesday at Phramer unanimously decided to hold a strike against the dewbilat factories from 20th October if the dewbilat factories do not implement what was agreed between them. Speaking to reporters after the meeting, JHTOA Publicity Secretary Nehemayah Tyngkan said, “The JHTOA has decided to hold a strike from 20th March if the dewbilat factories do not clean the godowns. in Byrnihat and implemented the price of T.7 per kilo meter.
The Secretary of the Youth Wing of the PDF in Pynursla constituency, Bah Borentius Nongrum, who is also the Organizing Secretary of the PDF Central Body, said that they were surprised as leaders to see in the newspapers that the party has been suspended. Grace.
The SRT was set up by the director Tarun Singh Negi and he said that they came up with the idea to open up job opportunities for the youth of the state.
Pastor Phawa urged the people not to be afraid to come for treatment at Robert Hospital because of such allegations, but he said that this confusion will not happen. affect the operation of the hospital to treat people.
Besides the Khasi Pnar Pharmacists (LHTPs), government departments and agencies such as the State Biodiversity Board, the State Medicinal Plants Board and the Forest Department are also invited to participate in the exhibition.
These seven are Teilang Phawa, Khroobklang, Ram Shylla, Wailuti, Himonki Khai and Damang-i.
Shillong: Meghalaya will face Sikkim in the Vijay Hazare Tournament in Dehradun today.
“Why the Symbud Myntri Rangbah Dr RC Laloo has appointed the Managing Committees, it is the responsibility of the government to look after the teachers,” he said.
Shillong: Four persons have died of Covid-19 in Shillong today.
EJH Police are investigating into the case of Nongtdu to arrest others involved in the extortion of money from the owner of the Pnar United Army. Jalaphet in the past two or three years.
Therefore, the union will meet with the relevant authorities to take immediate action to relocate the electrical wires near the house and to replace those electrical wires that have been damaged so that nothing happens. “Any tragic incident like what happened in other places has been added especially during this time of heavy rain and wind,” he said.
“As a servant of God, this struggle is not for wealth but for change and development in all aspects,” he said. It is the wisdom of the people of Jowai Constituency to decide.
“On the Society of RR Colony, the Rangbah Shnong said, “We have not banned the operation of the Society as it is a registered and old Society.
However, Biswa failed to reach half a hundred runs and lost by 49 runs, while Swarajeet Das managed to score only 11 runs, even after playing. against Bihar last month.
Therefore, let us take responsibility to work with the government authorities for this disease to bring victory to the state.
To recruit students from other universities is not an easy task,” he said.
When asked how much damage will be caused by the collapse, he said that the cost of the collapse has reached tens of lakhs of rupees. Therefore, he urged the district authorities through the DC to take action against the collapse of his house, which has caused a huge loss.
“According to the discussion, there was no discussion except on the performance of the party in the last election and that is all,” said Bah Hek.
On the other hand, the Rangbah Shnong of Madankynsaw, Bah Dani Shadap, said that according to the Sobhagya Scheme, the low income people should get electricity, but in these villages many of them many households have not yet received electricity while the enrollment has been completed for a long time.
He said that these hundreds of vehicles have to go back and unload their goods. Media reports said that this time there are not as many vehicles as before who are standing in line to unload their goods. The reason for the decrease is because the mining traders no longer receive challans from the Forest Department of the State Government.
Deisy agreed. "Yes, I want to go to Mylliem to Linda's house..." Bahnah agreed. So Bahnah's mind now wanted to see. Linda's house and to meet her parents.
“If Star Cement doesn't stop immediately, we don't have the opportunity and we will start the construction work,” said Nongtraw. The HNLC will start its campaign against the long-standing demands of the Hynniewtrep people.
“In the next session we will raise this issue and on my part I will raise this issue in the Legislative Assembly because our intention is that the state government It should stop the construction completely because the land is still within the boundary of our state”.
Ecclesiastes does not accept that there should be only one wise man or only one rich man or only one great man.
Shillong: There are only two government schools in Shillong West Constituency, Government Boys Higher Secondary School, Shillong and Mohan Massar Government Upper Primary School.
The match tomorrow 15th will be between Sabahmuswang and 7 Wasa at 3 pm.
On the other hand, the party said that they are deeply concerned and have written to Amit Shah to send an inquiry into the CBI in Meghalaya to find out. The truth and to arrest all those involved, whether it is the old government, the new government or according to the report submitted on 16th November.
This was witnessed after the journalists visited the area, where they found that the residents of the area, along with the Bah Lumlang Mawnai, President of FKJGP Byrnihat Circle and members, did not hesitate to clean up the tree themselves.
The incident happened at 6:30 pm, said Bah Lambor Kharshilot, Secretary of Erpakon Village.
The next match for the Meghalaya team will be against Manipur on 13th June
“Because Assam sees that the Meghalaya government is too weak, Assam has entered the country at will and has done dirty things.
The program was organized by the Govt LP School, Pamrapaithlu.
Samla Bisharlang Rupsi, President of the HYC Killing Unit, said that the auto rickshaw from Assam was coming from 13Mer Byrnihat and the driver of the auto was using the road. from 13Mer to Killing, in order to escape from the Assam Police Check Point at Jerobad.
Shillong, Jymmang 01: Meghalaya has witnessed an increase in revenue of 23% from the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in June
The MPFWPO has already sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District and the Divisional Soil and Conservation Officer (T) to improve and protect all the water wells in Myntdu Pynthorneiñ which flow into the Myntdu River.
The department has awarded T.4.5 lakh to the team, T.20,000 to all 22 players and T.5,000 to two coaches.
KHLIEHRIAT: Hundreds of residents have protested against the issuance of No Objection Certificate (NOC) by the Waheh Shnong Jalaphet Bri Sutnga, East Jaintia Hills to a coal mining factory in the village. was appointed as Tir-rbai at the meeting held on Monday.
He said that Mukul Sangma said that the states which have implemented the ILP are facing the problem of illegal entry of foreigners along with the decline in the number of indigenous people. It is also true that these states which have experienced this problem and through the distance of the leaders have introduced and implemented the ILP because of the illegal entry of foreigners and indigenous people have been affected by the trade in property even in The Chakmas of Tripura have become a minority in the country and the Nepalis have ruled in Sikkim where the Sikkimese have become a minority. Protests have been held from time to time due to the influx of foreigners who have invaded the villages and taken over the trade and the states that have implemented the ILP now have no more protests so the ILP is needed in Meghalaya to curb the ILP. He urged the CM to implement the ILP and to remove the word Influx from the state so that he can have peace and stability.
During these days, there have been various meetings and discussions which have included training by experts and those who have been involved in starting and operating their own businesses.
Shillong, Jymmang 13: The Congress has won the election of MLAs to the new Legislative Assembly in Karnataka which was held on the 10th and the counting of votes held on Saturday. 224 members won 136 MLAs, enough for independent rule, BJP 65, JD(S)
Shillong, July 6 : Meghalaya Police have been on high alert after receiving a letter through the mail on Thursday threatening that a terrorist group has already planted bombs in every house. The High Court of India is also involved in the High Court of Meghalaya.
On this occasion, the state government has come forward to award 20,000 tyngka to all the players, coaches, managers and physios and also to award 28 thousand tyngka. ,91,216 lakh to the Meghalaya Football Association.
The referee clinic was trained by Riohlang Dhar, FIFA Assistant Referee of the Asian Football Federation (AFC) and Romanium Syngkon, Head Referee of the WJDSA.
He is one of the world's most prominent and skilled politicians especially as the Minister of Home Affairs.
“There is no question of helping or being involved.
German football star Mesut Ozil, who is also part of the World Cup trophy winning team, has announced his retirement from the tournament. she doesn't play.
“After Bah Reming has not won anymore, it is now open to you to get another leader who will look after the welfare and problems of the farmers,” he said.
He said that in the City Council, there is no opposition but the Chief Officer of the City Council must be elected by the voters of all the constituencies of the council. your plan before the council elections.
Because of the incident, an elderly woman who used to give birth to a child who was at home could not give birth because she could not wait until the nurses arrived.
The Chief Minister stressed the need for both the States to think carefully in preventing such incidents.
According to a letter sent by the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, the Union does not accept this allegation by Bah RV Lyngdoh against all the Dorbar Shnongs. this is the answer.
The JCCRP informs all the residents of Jaintia Hills and requests the public, intellectuals and leaders of Jaintia Hills to please write to the JCCRP before sending it to the Expert Committee. We produce many feelings that can lead to confusion and misunderstanding of the requirements.
All those who are in a hurry to clean up and waste time for that reason should be allowed to open many shops to avoid the crowd and standing in line slm.
In a statement sent by Ulysis Ryntong, General Secretary of KSU Mawshynrut Circle, KSU Mawshynrut Circle said that when the KSU went to erect the signboard, it planted it in the area that still falls under the jurisdiction of KSU Mawshynrut Circle. the boundary of the District and shall not enter the lands of others.
There are no planes, no trains, in India at these times.
St Dominic's College won the title with 46 points, second St Edmund's College with 45 points and Mawlai Presbyterian College with 45 points. scored 25 points and finished third.
East Jaintia Hills and South Garo Hills won the bronze medals.
Not only that the sale of this fertilizer continues, but the price has also increased because it is sold from private shops, where the price is lower than the price fixed. by the government.
“You never know? that as many of us as were baptized into Christ Jesus; were we baptized into his death? Therefore we are buried with him by baptism into death: that like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. Romans 6:3-4 (This is the baptism of God.)
Do this twice a day.
Syiemlieh said that the 108 employees have written a letter to the Chief Minister to express their grievances against the management of GVK but he has not yet accepted the offer. weight something.
In the second half, Civility Khongmalai scored two goals in the 58th minute and Pynshai Lathong in the 60th minute.
Shillong, Nailur 11: Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School (MCHSS) will celebrate its 125th Anniversary on 4th March
In fact, the Khasi people, as we call them, the Khun Hynniew Skum Hynniaw Wasa, have their own way of counting the months.
The area of ​​Nan Polok is 6.28 hectares, which is not less than 6.30 lakh sq ft.
They are (1) the burial of Jesus.
The IJU also congratulates the JUA, Nagaon Press Club and Cuwahati Press Club for taking immediate action on this incident and calls upon all to stand together to fight against these forces. those who intend to obstruct and undermine the freedom of the media.
Speaking to media, Prestone said that after the testing of eight cases of covid-19 in the state, it was found that the test was positive. negative.
She was admitted to the Intensive Care Unit (ICU) for the past few months.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan, today made history on the opening day of the Budget Session by delivering his inaugural address in just 40 minutes.
However, in the last three years, they have suffered a lot, because many crops have suffered from various diseases such as sying, kwai, diengsoh and other crops. to treat and prevent these diseases.
While following closely the search for a new leader of the Congress party, the reporter learned that the end result will be a protest.
In fact, the BJP does not have any MLAs in the state but has been criticizing the Congress government for misusing the money of the people.
Here, I will not criticize anyone, but such speech by religious fanatics or religious fanatics has become very common even in our Ri Khasi Jaintia where we often hear from time to time.
Until now, there are many organizations which have not received skilled leaders because they have not received adequate training in public affairs.
The three things that the government has promised to do are in terms of salary, accommodation and holidays.
In another men's match, Lakshya Sen lost 14-21, 19-21 to Hong Kong's Angus Ng. to Sen’s journey in the field.
During the meeting, it was discussed how to implement and carry out the work for the cleaning and revival of the Lukha River.
Jowai, March 16: Rgh, Donkupar Dkhar Rtd IAS Officer and President of the Sengkhasi Kmie Mawkhar has passed away. This is a great loss to the children of the Seng Khasi and Seiñ Raij.
The last invitation for applications for the installation of petrol pumps in Meghalaya was in 2014 and now after four years it has been invited again.
Because of the misunderstanding of the language and the distance of the Khasi-Jaintia Hills from the Garo Hills, they separated.
However, as soon as they reached near the DC office, the police stopped them saying that Section 144 Cr.
“Getting a good result is happy for the school, as well as for the children and parents,” he said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rakkam A.Sangma, spoke on the importance of education in literacy and said that education is a powerful tool to improve the society and the country. hi all especially in this age of competition.
Robert A Tang scored the first goal for Dongmihsngi in the 57th minute.
During the meeting, she also presented to Prestone their demands.
We have seen through social media that the Ministers of the MDA government who have been in power for the past three years have been praying and praying that they will win the 2023 elections peacefully but the social media Many of the media don't accept the working methods of the MDA government. Many of the people who don't belong to any party want a new change.
The Karnataka government last year allocated Rs 1.60 crore for the payment of electricity bills to small factories. corona virus.
Ardent's remarks came after students led by the Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) marched from the MBoSE office to Lachumiere, IGP to the Additional Secretariat where Ardent was sitting. took place today, January 30, 2023.
:Trinamool Congress (TMC) Leader Mukul Sangma has said that the party will take over the autumn session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly today. They discussed several key issues, including the state of Law and Order, the talks with the HNLC and others in the Assembly.
The training, which will continue till 26th July 2019, was held at the Training Hall of the Meghalaya Bharat Scouts and Guides, Shillong.
Congress officials said they have already sent the list of several leaders, including Rahul Gandhi and Priyanka Gandhi, Rajya Sabha members Pramod Tiwari and Imran Pratapgarhi, chief minister. Samajwadi Party leader Akhilesh Yadav and many others.
Gehlot said he will continue to work from his residence and urged the people to be vigilant and follow the rules and regulations. related to Covid-1
There are times when it rises when it is in the ruling party and decreases when it is in the opposition because the people do not vote for it in every election.
Following PETA's announcement, Anna Wintour and some of the spectators and organizers of this year's Met Gala have already sent a letter to those who have been invited to refrain from wearing it. any garments made of animal skins as well as wool.
The death toll worldwide has risen to 2.5 lakh and the number of infections to 36 lakh, according to the Johns Hopkins University, with 67,000 deaths in the United States.
Remember if you don't know how to put yourself in danger who doesn't want to get more reservation even in your family wants to get more reservation. ksing ngap because if you don't know how to get caught or thrown into the fish.
The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman, DDMA, East Jaintia Hills District, today announced that the bridge on the NH-6 at Pyrtakuna village under Lumshnong C&RD Block is in poor condition. iron rods also appeared outside which could endanger the public.
He said that the distribution of the scheme is wrong, as some families have received 2 members from the same household.
Nongpoh, Lber 12: East Khasi Hills Police and Ri Bhoi District Police have foiled an attempt by suspected members of the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) to detonate another IED bomb in Nongpoh. Police have arrested four suspected supporters of the HNLC. The four suspects include Damanbha Ripnar alias Shall Lapang, Robinis Ripnar. , Jill Tariang and Shining Nongrum and all the arrested are from Ri Bhoi District.
When the Sengbhalang waited all day until dark, the two persons who had gone to be released by the Assam Police did not arrive at all. The police and the Magistrate said that the two persons will have to be taken to Nonglang PHC which is the nearest hospital for medical treatment. go to Nonglang.
Furthermore, the purpose of this meeting was to discuss the following issues: (1) To disseminate information and explain the vision of the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE) for the region; North East, emphasized on how to develop the employment sector and to improve the skills and at the same time to strengthen this sector in all aspects (2 ) To discuss the benefits of the MSDE special allocation for the North East (3) To further strengthen cooperation in the region, to introduce measures and implement in accordance with the and to pave the way for the further development of employment and the development of the skills of the people in the North East.
Bah Warjri also recalled about Bahrit Devin Kharsyntiew and the life and goal of the four Presidents of MNH&VA who have now reached great positions even though they were only newspaper vendors in the past.
Badapjied KurkalangWhat made Britain, the smallest European country, to rule the whole of India? Of course, there are many reasons why we can find it, but one of the biggest reasons we will look at now is marriage.
The incident happened at Umdihar village at 3 pm, when the scoty was heading down towards Nongpoh and said, but when it reached Umdihar village, it collided with a truck. He said that the bike was hit by a truck and no one saw it.
Our ancestors said, a strong family is where father, mother and children live together, and I as an MP will teach that,” she said.
Replying to a question on why the BJP has not withdrawn from the NPP-led MDA government, Chandrashekhar said, “It is a difficult question, but we are free to talk to anyone. citizens, as individuals and as political parties who believe and have the goal of working for development, freedom from corruption and development for all.
On the other hand, Samla Ritre Dkhar General Secretary JSM CB, said that all JSM soldiers should be respectful and respectful in the society, working together in the villages.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills District has been informed of the incident and officers will be sent to investigate.
At present, he said, the party is still considering what path should be taken on this issue and will take action.
Regarding the arrival of the rainy season which also causes severe floods in Assam, the Chief Minister in the past few days has held a video conference with the DC and other government officials to discuss issues related to measures to prepare for the fight against floods in the state.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: Since the colorful road constructed by the Meghalaya government has reached Langpih village, which is still in the midst of unresolved roads, the government has planned to build also visit the Sub Health Centre.
Furthermore, the Seng wishes Heprit the best of luck in her sports career before she joins the training camp of SAI, Shillong.
After the birth of the child, she had to be cleaned and it was at that time that the thyrnia entered,” said the son of the woman, Bah Donald Rani.
Amazon plans to launch All India Radio from 29 radio stations in the North East in nine languages ​​spoken by the people of The aim is to educate consumers on the safety of online shopping and protect them from fraud. , Nagaland, Sikkim, and Tripura.
Ukraine says the captain of the ship, Captain Anton Kuprin, 44, sank along with the ship he was piloting when it was shot down by missiles. Neptune is a very strong planet.
Jowai, July 23: Thiang Chyrmang, a resident of Dulong Pohhali, has lodged a complaint against her son with the Jowai Police Station for the involvement of Iakorsingh Chyrmang in shooting, bombing and threatening her. who is in my house.
This will pose a serious threat to the states of the North East as all these states border with Assam if these people invade.
A few hours later, the Supreme Court agreed to hear the petition to suspend the order of the Meghalaya High Court.
According to the complainant, besides the Jal Jeeval Mission (JJM) and the Meghalaya Water Harvesting Mission and besides the rainfall in this area, there is no reason to say that the people are in need of drinking water. There is still a shortage of water in this state.
In this regard, the CoHSO invites all Sengbhalang Leaders, Political Parties, Rangbah Shnong Leaders, Rangbah Shnong Unions and various organizations of Bri Hynniewtrep to attend the ceremony. Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the meeting was held to discuss and understand the issue on this issue. In a meeting with Rajnath Singh today, he discussed the impact of the coal ban in the state and on this, Sangma said that there is an urgent need to have a proper coal mining. and to protect the environment as well as the coal miners.
Since the beginning of the world, many kings have risen and fallen, the reasons why God defeated King Nebuchadnezzar are clearly stated in the Book of Daniel
Parents who accompanied their children, elders of the area, leaders of the East Jaintia Football Association and many supporters of both the teams were present on the occasion.
People who have money have already decided to buy this or that or to decorate their homes.
Conrad Sangma said other parties are playing with the B-Mahal issue and their statements are not true and the government has not sold the land of the B-Mahal.
Nongpoh: The village of Rtiang in Ri Bhoi District, near the road from Umsning to Mawrong, has set a good example to other villages in the district and the state as a whole. village, have donated to help those people who have contracted COVID-19 in that village.
So far in Ribhoi District, 35 people have been confirmed positive for Covid-19 including 4 who tested positive today, 3 of whom are the husband of another. A health worker has tested positive for Covid-19 in the past few days, and two are the children of another health worker.
The Congress leader alleged that the BJP has entered Meghalaya through the NPP and ethnic parties like the UDP. to correct the people," said Anand.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 07: Mawten Veteran Football Club has concluded the final of the 3rd Above 40 Football Tournament 2023-24 with Sumer Veteran Football Club winning the 3rd Above 40 Football Tournament 2023-2 The match was played at Mawpyllun Stadium, Mawten.
Chairman of the Committee, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday, 7th November, 2013, for the first time, has gathered all the Rangbah Shnongs from the border and the leaders of the Sengbhalang to discuss the matter. that the Committee will visit the places and villages and listen to the voice of the residents whether they want to go to Assam or stay in Meghalaya.
In Ri Bhoi, 114 cases were reported: 2, Iewmawlong Cluster 14, ILI Case 9, Kbet Cluster 3, Lumdiengngan Cluster 2, Lummawria Cluster 5, Lumsohpieng Cluster 7, Nongmahir Cluster 2, Nongsster Shantice Cluster 2, Police Cluster 41, Sohkyrbam Cluster 5, Umdiker Cluster 3, Umran Diary Cluster
GTC beat Rangdajied United FC 2-1 in the first leg of the second leg at the Rangdajied United FC Stadium. village Kynshi.
Incentives for ASHA workers and assistants have also been increased.
HSS won the Under 15 title by beating Anderson HSS by 1 run.
There are 17-18 Central Coal Depots set up by the Mining and Geology Department in East Jaintia Hills, South West Khasi Hills, South Garo Hills and other places after receiving approval from the Pollution Control. Board.
Arrange this for the good, order and happiness of the youth, parents in the Bri u Hynniewtrep as a whole.
“However, the Committee has decided not to accept aquaculture ponds (as reservoirs), we assume that the number of these wetlands will be only in the hundreds.
Pyrkhat Shylla said that as members of the Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA), they request the government to take action to release the Shallans as soon as possible. Coal can be completed within the time limit set by the Supreme Court.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the question of revising the Roster will not arise anymore, as the Office Memorandum (OM) has already been issued to implement the Roster System. the final decision.
These things written in the Word of God are happening now and will continue to happen.
Until now, the ILP has been a dream in the country.
The KSU NKHD and the Resident Commissioner of Meghalaya House have immediately informed the MLP 3rd Battalion in Delhi and with the cooperation of the Dorbar Shnong where the child lives, the child has been provided with medical assistance. They also sent all the necessary documents (identity proof) for the child, who has now been able to return to her village.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: As part of the promotion of the indigenous language of the people, the HNLC has urged the Sengbhalang especially the youth of the jaidbynriew that if the Government cannot use the power of khulom and sia, it is time. , to use brute force and colour, or to send only the names and exact addresses of Government officials such as SDOs; “The HNLC will take the necessary action,” said Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, Spokesperson of the HNLC. They are no longer our slave masters, but they have become colonies of slave-masters,” said the statement.
These are the lusts of the eyes and many others like them, which cause a person to lust and lead to shame and sorrow, just because man does not respect his body and life. straight.
“We have visited Garo Hills, where we have found that the discrimination against women is very high, the death of infants, the death of mothers and child marriage,” she said. .
The seven MLAs who have resigned from the KHADC are HDR Lyngdoh, Ardent Miller, Sanbor Shullai, Metbah Lyngdoh, HB Nongsiej, KP Pangniang and Stephenson Mukhim. On 7th March, 2015, the Governor of Meghalaya, V Shanmuganathan, approved the Prevention of Disqualification Bill. 2015.
While walking, he suddenly heard a loud voice until he reached the house.
Near National Highway No.127B, about 2 km from Shallang Police Station, there were coal mines covered with plastic.
“Once we have relocated the Main Secretariat to New Shillong Township, which will take about 2-3 years, then the government offices will also relocate and this will help a lot to reduce traffic jam,” he said. said Mr. Snow.
The house of Kong Warless Kassar in Riatsasim Mynthong, Jowai has been destroyed by the earthquake.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Spokesperson for the Chief Minister, Bah Hamlet Dohling, said that the delay in the construction of the four-lane road to Upper Shillong is due to the delay in installing the water pipes from Mawphlang. people of Shillong.
The incident happened at about 9.30 pm when a policeman named Madan Basumatary committed suicide inside the house.
Political parties or candidates are prohibited from displaying banners on streets or entrances.
Earlier, the Minister said that the number of farmers in the state has increased steadily to about 1500 from 200 before
The WJDSA has invited the athletes of West Jaintia Hill District who are talented in these sports to come and take part in this Trial Camp.
Tura, July 12: Tura today witnessed the opening ceremony of the Pa Togan Nengminja Sangma Athletics Stadium which is expected to be one of the buildings to promote sports in the State.
Therefore, Sanskrit should be used throughout India.
Shillong, July 12: The BJP Meghalaya has strongly condemned the incidents of violence against women in the state.
It is interesting to know that Kong Laweibaphyrnai Myrthong, has spent time to find a cure for the corona virus by using jamyrdoh which is also a blood medicine.
Shillong, November 4: Two shops were robbed in Laitlyngkot on the same day and at the same time, one by Badahun Diengdoh and the other by Bliersibon Khongbuh.
Replying to a question raised by Nongthymmai MLA Charles Pyngrope in the House, Conrad said the Chief Minister of Assam has promised to take strong action against those who attacked the sister. get thrown off the bus.
They also expressed their surprise why they have not planted mawpud since 1971 when the PWD (Roads) office has already paid the land compensation to the land of the Kur. .
God says, “In the day that I shall cleanse you from all your iniquities.
When asked about the relationship between the NPP and the BJP, Bah Tynsong said, “It is not a question of whether it is only the BJP or the UDP or other parties. we shall form a government and bring in a strong and lasting government.
Even scientists encourage us to turn back to the oldest knowledge of mankind's past.
Meghalaya has yet to complete the round robin and will play Nagaland at home on 4th June.
It is on this basis that the union has lodged a complaint with the law enforcement authorities to investigate and find out the truth.
Bains, in his reply, said that according to the Right to Education Act 2009, the free education provided to children is for all classes in government schools as well as private schools. recognized by the government.
An additional T.100 crore will be allocated for the year 2019-20, he said.
She said that other candidates from other parties have talked and criticized her but while they are criticizing her, I am still snieh doh.
“If he knows that there are those residents of the state who are against the ILP, he should explain to the public who they are,” he added.
He said that in the past 10 years alone, police have seized 14 kilos of heroin, 400 mobile phones, 200 vehicles, 12,000 kilos of ganja and more than catch.
However, there needs to be vigilance once you see the difference in the behavior of the youth.
According to Khyriem, they are ready to accept students but they must be in the same class as those from CMJ University.
“However, we understand that a person who carries the burden without prejudice is the one whom the society needs,” they said.
He was also accused of threatening the singer's father, Balkaur Singh, and Bollywood actor Salman Khan.
In the Shillong Lok Sabha elections, Kyrshan Pamshong won the post of President and V Bansharai Kharchandy won the post of Vice President and other office bearers.
“In this regard, we have taken a strict approach against violators.
Nongpoh: On the day that Bah Donkupar Sumer and his supporters left the party, they said that the reason why they left the party was after They said that they have been insulted by the UDP leaders, both in the district and in the state as well.
The FCI has distributed 7.5 lakh metric tonnes of food items under the Pradhan Mantri Garib Kalyan Anna Yojana (PMGKAY) from June 2020 to November 2022 and Fortified Rice under the NFSA. Police (STP) said that regarding the punishment of those who violate the law in terms of the design of vehicles on two wheels and four wheels, the punishment of those who make loud noises. , excessive smoke levels and others.
At that time there are four things we must remember (1) this world was desolate and waste (Revelation 20:3). Jeremiah said, “I beheld the earth, and, lo, it was without form, and void; and the heavens had no light.
If he doesn't agree with the party, he can leave anyway,” said Bah Rowel.
He was surprised to see that the cows were gone and immediately informed his family and neighbors to search for them. The thieves had taken the cows to Umpohnow. which is near the road to reach the MMR Road and transported by car.
The NIA registered an FIR at Lumshong Police Station on 13th November 2022 and subsequently registered another FIR on 15th October
Today, the maximum temperature was 14.9 degrees Celsius and the minimum temperature was 3.1 degrees Celsius.
Shillong: The Raid Kongthong, Sohra Syiemship, on Tuesday said that the spread of rumors in these days that the elders of the church are destroying the traditional religious practices is false. bad you smoke.
In this regard, the HITP under the leadership of Bah Donbok Dkhar, President, has met with the Asst.Director of Program Implementation and Evaluation Department to submit a written explanation to him. Minister of State, who is also the NPP MLA from Williamnagar.
Speaking on the demand to amend the Reservation Policy, Bah Ardent said that the demand as it stands has been fulfilled and soon the fruits of victory will be reaped.
“He said that the suspected drug dealer is a foreigner from Bengal.
He recalled that in 1998, when the ethnic parties were in power, there was no peace and the people were shocked because of the excessive violence of the rebel groups. they elected the Congress and lived in peace.
In the men's 21 km category, Korie James Kipleting came first, Wolbetstar Ramsiej came second and Pawan Kumar came third. Lion.
After participating and winning the Sohra Marathon, Meiieit Kmoin Wahlang is now preparing to take part in the Marathon to be held soon in Delhi, April
He also demanded that the government should pay compensation to the injured and asked for clarification on what the government has done to the MCL employees who were seen through the videos that they threatened the police to bomb. to tie the people.
According to her, the number of young people who visit the World Book Fair in New Delhi every year is increasing.
The tournament is also part of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of the Independence of the State.
There are two kinds of fruit, the sweet fruit and the new fruit.
In this incident, the robbers' plan was foiled after the help of other students of the same college, who hid him in the outdoor area.
The body of the man was found by the BSF at 1:30 pm today.
TMC State Vice President Sunmoon Marak, TMC Youth President Jirang Block and other leaders and leaders of the party.
So far, 154 players from all over Meghalaya have taken part in the Wushsu tournament.
He said that the sports club needs to have a mini-gallery and especially a well to cover the ground from all sides as it is a stadium not only for sports. football but this ground has been used for all the larger programmes, such as big churches, government programmes, big football matches and so on.
On the other hand, he said that the RBYF also demands that the state government should expedite the construction of the 132 KV Power Station in Nongpoh to provide adequate electricity to the people of Ri Bhoi. They have already met with the Minister in charge of Electricity and submitted a petition to the government to take action on this issue, on the grounds that the people of Ri Bhoi They have been affected by the electricity shortage in Ri Bhoi.
Shillong, June 19 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, today said that the Government is now ready to find playgrounds in rural areas to clean up plastic waste.
The MIECC demanded that if the suspension of international trade in Garo Hills can be lifted, the government should also implement the same for the districts of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
Another decision was to demand that the government should implement the promotion of Muster Roll who have worked for three years or more from skilled to unskilled.
It is to be recalled that the Rangbah Shnong of Raid Laban and Madan Laban, Bah Loster Sun, the Secretary of the Shnong, Bah RG Marbaniang, and others were present at the closure. Speaking on the occasion, the Rangbah Shnong said that the village has doubts whether she is a Khasi or not, because she doesn't know how to speak Khasi, and she doesn't have a Schedule. Certified Tribe.
Speaking to media, CEM of KHADC, Bah Titos W Chyne, said that at this meeting today, it was discussed that the District Council will stand on the basis of Territorial Right. According to the history, the documents and the maps of the District Council.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 24: Assam has demolished the Eri Worm Sericulture Building at Madan Umwang and now it has come back with the army and police to demolish the building.
According to sources, Kimfa, after resigning as MLA on November 28, will join the National People's Party (NPP) on November Rambrai village.
Therefore, I request you all the residents of War Jaintia area to support all the development projects by expressing our views in the necessary cases.
The order prohibits civil society or any group or individual from holding any kind of protest program in the district.
The NIA said the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
There was also a tynshad tynrah and other programs with the aim of preserving our culture, customs and traditions, which are in harmony with Christianity in religious practices.
Bhumi Pednekar has taken the initiative to find ways and means to spread the word about the need to protect the environment. protect the environment for future generations.
“Look Shane, I'm taking you to the garden because I don't want to talk to you at home about those things we talked about earlier.
The Seng will not hesitate to be the watchmen and protect our own people from the invasion of foreigners who come to our state in various ways.
The love and kindness of Lata Didi has left us behind and has left us a void that can never be filled.
“This issue has not been resolved even after talks between the state government and the complainants,” the Division Bench said in an order after hearing the complaint sent by the state and the HPC. inform that the Government is considering the request of the petitioners for more land.
I would like to request Bah KP Pangniang, President of the Central Body, Bah HWitting Mawsor, President of the HSPDP Mawshynrut Constituency who is currently teaching at Lyngngam Presbyterian Higher Secondary School Mawthengkut. Leave me behind and let others move forward now.
After the person has been arrested, the MPDA has a Consideration of Charter and the case will be taken to the High Court where lawyers have been allowed to plead for the repeal of some of the laws. which are but baseless accusations.
“We are conducting a thorough investigation to find out the truth,” said the police chief.
Shillong, Nailur 19: U Clifford R Marak MLA of the Garo National Council (GNC) from Chokpot Constituency on Tuesday demanded the unconditional release of the members of the GHSDC by the 25th of this month. , otherwise he will strike indefinitely in front of the Prime Minister's residence in Hawakhana from the 26th of this month.
Maremdor Sutnga, who was also awarded the Player of the Match award, took four wickets and scored 34 runs for West Jaintia. to the end of the match he did not lose a wicket.
The Government will think carefully to avoid Court Intervention, as it has been in some departments that it has to intervene.
:The Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Mawkhar, Shillong, has announced that the ceremony at Ïewduh, Raid Mylliem, Mylliem Hima will be held on the 18th November,
Prime Minister Narendra Modi has condemned the incident, saying the attack on the troops will not be in vain and said the country stands united to express its condolences. on the death of these CRP policemen and that the injured should recover soon.
In another match, Meghalaya women lost 4-2 to Mizoram women.
“We have fought to abolish Paragraph 12 A and we will continue to fight in the coming days,” said the President of the Youth Wing of the HSPDP. to enact laws by the State Government on Rangbah Shnong.
Assam Police have returned to the rightful owners the construction materials of Eri Worm have been handed over to the village authorities of Madan Umwang and the materials of the construction of the Umjaknieh-Jatalong road have been handed over to the rightful owners. returned to the contractor.
In connection with the IED bomb being planted at the entrance of the National People's Party (NPP) office on the 4th of this month, police yesterday at about 3:30 pm arrested another person. The victim was identified as Bah Ksankupar Kharkongor, resident of Umphyrnai.
The welcome ceremony was held along the main road of Umsning village where the program was attended by traditional dancers and singers along with school children and the residents of Umsning village.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) Leader Dr Jemino Mawthoh on Monday visited the CR&D office which has been opened since 2014 and the Animal Husbandry Office which has been opened since just closed the door.
This decision will come into force in accordance with the updated guidelines on DTH issued by the Ministry of Information and Broadcasting of the Union Government.
The winners of Miss India Northeast from five states of the North East will take part in the East Zonal Crowning, which will be held at Westin, Kolkata on 23rd June The news was published in North East Today today.
These are just a few of the memories of that time which we don't see anymore in these days.
There are 38 BPL households and 26 APL households.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong of Quallapaty today donated a check worth 50,000 tyngka to the church.
Respect for others also exists, and it is not uncommon for a child to speak rudely in front of elders and relatives.
KSU Nongkhlaw Circle President Samla Rangshai Ryntathiang, Sordar Village Nongkhlaw, Finance Secretary of the District, Speeches by the Chief Guest and Chief Guest.
“The Prime Minister wants to improve the Polo Market,” the newspaper said, adding that for this reason, the plan to start the work may take some time.
On the other hand, the President of FKJGP Garo Hills Zone, Pritam Arengh, has requested the cooperation and contribution of the Khasi Hills Leaders regarding the intention of the Garo people to file a lawsuit against the MoU. The agreement was signed between the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam.
In a letter to Modi, KHNAM said that the ration is not distributed to the poor families in the state through the Public Distribution System which has been allocated by the Government of India at a high price. take.
“They are trying to force us to accept that Mukroh is one of the places in the middle of the conflict.
“We have also spoken to the brokers who operate the coal trucks and we have asked them to think about the brothers and sisters who live in Ri Bhoi because if the bridge collapses it will affect the whole state. The whole of Khasi Hills has been supplied with electricity from the Umïam Dam,” he said.
Al-Hilal of Saudi Arabia lost in the final of the AFC Champions League last season against Urawa Red Diamonds of Japan. Brazilian star Neymar has been signed from Paris Saint-Germain (PSG).
Coming from a neighboring state, I understand and am well aware of their strategies.
When the light was strong, it was difficult to break its chain.
According to information received, bomb squads rushed to the scene and the investigation into the incident is ongoing.
So far, 16.59 lakh voters have registered and 1.28 lakh voters have not yet registered in the state.
Post Name:- Assistant Teacher (Life Science)No of posts:- 6Department:- Government secondary Schools under the Directorate of School Educational and Literacy.
Besides these, there were other issues that the countries agreed to do to help each other in the struggle.
The public should not believe any news without finding out the truth about the source of the news because there are news that is intended to mislead or mislead the work, there are those who spread it. misleading news with the intention of profiting from their actions.
There are people who profit from the suffering of others, such as diseases or natural disasters or displacement.
Mawphlang MLA SK Sunn was the chief guest while Director of Arts & Culture W Nongsiej was the chief guest. the ICCR, Munish Singh and others.
The union on Saturday held a meeting at Lawyrtap Square on the border of Niriang Village in West Jaintia Hills District and Nongjrong Village in East Khasi Hills District.
He said that the answer of the Principal is more surprising because she said that the subject is only an optional subject.
A non-tribal can marry an Apatani woman but he must take her to his own country because there is no place to give her anywhere.
Hundreds of others were rushed to hospitals in the city, suffering from headaches, nausea and difficulty breathing.
If those Christians who once became salt and light, but now become darkness and darkness, the Lord says: “Bring them forth, that they may be filled” (Mt 5:13-16).
The Council shall have to open the book of the Mylliem Act to punish and punish the Syiem on a complaint lodged by the Council.
KSU Narpuh on the 25th of this month left for Brichyrnot village with the intention of taking part in a public hearing held by the MSPCB on the request of M/s Green Valley Industries Ltd. the land of Brichyrnot.
“The Nepalis have caused trouble to the Khasi-Pnar people living in Block I and II because they can enter Meghalaya freely because of this treaty,” said Erwin Sutnga.
Therefore, with respect to you taxi drivers, please find other ways to protest so that it does not affect us passengers.
This initiative to provide assistance to farmers is part of the support to enable them to start their farming activities during the sowing season.
Speaking to this reporter, the residents of the village expressed their surprise that when there is a power outage, the people in charge of the area answer that it is due to the heavy rainfall. They said that the rainfall is not as high as all the rainfall and this month they said that there is no rainfall at all, but the electricity is not available until the time of writing this news.
In another match of the Third Division, Mawthynrew Youth Sports Club beat Nongktieh 2-0 with Banteiskhem Iawphniaw scoring two goals. the 21st and 65th minutes.
Also present on the occasion were SDBO Amlarem GL Niang, Executive Engineer Veterinary Jowai K. Mawlong and others.
There have been 26,506 new cases of coronavirus in India today, bringing the total number of cases to 7.93 lakh.
It may be recalled that the minorities such as the Khasi whose income is derived from the areas recognized as minority land have not paid this tax in the past years. However, the receipt of this notice by the Central Government Department has surprised many.
He said the party will inform the government about the increasing number of cases of violence against women in the state.
The union also urges other people not to set up garbage dumps along this road, as it is a clean and tidy road, but if people come to dump garbage, it will be This will pollute the road and pollute the environment.
Bah RG Lyngdoh said that the announcement is only a sign of the problem and not the problem itself.
“We have waited and waited, but we have been insulted and the Tympang Iawmusiang Dorbar Shnong has witnessed the problem even after the attempt to bring about a clean morning, but this attempt has failed because of the Urban, JMB and “This is the beginning of the protest and while the government has not been able to remove the garbage, the protest is not over.
“ASPIRE Meghalaya has taught me how to communicate with people better and how to stand on stage.
Mumbai police today received a false report from a 10-year-old boy about a bomb on a plane at Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj International Airport.
He also requested the residents to cooperate with the village,” he said.
Nongpoh: Speaking to reporters after the meeting between the UDP leaders at Shiliang Umdoh, Mawhati, Bah Balajied Ranee, Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri Bhoi District, today said that The UDP has nothing to do with the departure of Bah Donboklang Khymdeit, President of the UDP in Ri Bhoi, because as it is, there are those who have left and many who have joined the party.
The school has received a scheme through the PWD (B) department to build a new school building under the State Scheme for the year 2004-2 The new school building was constructed at a cost of T.2,34,07,400 by Bah H.Channelly Lyngdoh, contractor.
Nongstoiñ, July 19: Many villages in the border areas still have to walk to and from the area due to the lack of roads.
“We need to think carefully because we are the leaders of the people and any action of the government should be good for the people and with careful consultation,” she said.
This was stated by Shah during his visit to Tripura for the last MLA elections in the state.
On the other hand, the JNV strongly condemns this immoral act of the prostitute.
She received her PhD from North-Eastern Hill University on the topic of "Identification of Part of Speech (POS) Tags for Khasi Language" under the supervision of Professor Dr. Arnab Kumar Maji (Department of Information Technology, NEHU, Shillong) and Joint Supervisor Professor Dr.Partha Pakray (Department of Computer Science Engineering, NIT Silchar, Assam), and Dr.Saralin A Lyngdoh (Department of Linguistics, NEHU, Shillong).
The decisions taken at the meeting were to continue to fight against the sale of the land to the army and the JAC will rely under the leadership of its lawyer Erwin Sutnga. .
Since the investigation into the case started two years ago, neither the ED nor the CBI have seized a single penny in more than 10,000 raids on the residences of AAP leaders and to the Minister of Government of Delhi.
On the other hand, the Presbyterian Women's Fellowship (PWF-PCI) said that as citizens of the country, we have no words to express our feelings and sorrow over the situation. I'm from Manipur.
Besides, there are only about 10 to 12 policemen in the area.
Mondal said they should verify the reasons and witnesses when writing any news so that the information given to the public will be reliable and accurate.
The road is about 2.55 km long from Mairang to Rani at a cost of T.3,41,00,000 crore and the construction will start in July
The Syngkhong Rympei Thymmai Seng on 27th June 2013 has vowed to file a complaint against the Khasi Hills Autonomous District (KHADC) for not receiving Schedule Tribe Certificates.
Since when did the Lord, the God of Israel, enter through this Golden Gate? More than 2000 years ago, the Lord God of Israel entered this Golden Gate.
Jessica Marweiñ, who reached the Top-20 in the Class X or SSLC (MBOSE) results, scored 544 marks and received distinction. English, Math, Science & Technology, Social Studies, Health Education, Khasi and studied at St.Ferrendo Secondary School, Sawsymper, East Khasi Hills District.
The Ryndia, which is the traditional Khasi clothing for men, is currently waiting for the Geographical Indication (GI) tag as a recognition of the traditional clothing produced in the State. .
The union said that in fact he should have been arrested and investigated for any crime suspected by the police and the union cannot help but strongly condemn him. The police department of the state for their actions are against human rights because within a moment they took the life of this man who was sleeping lyngai in his own house along with his children. he.
Speaking to reporters, Dr Mukul said he has yet to receive the legal notice.
I have sent an inquiry to these 24 shops so that we can know more about how many are open and how many are closed.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Donboklang.
Children under 10 years of age and older people over 65 years of age are not allowed to participate in the tournament.
No one shall enter the village roads after 10 pm without proper reasons, no one shall go to the ground, no one shall throw plastic, wood, siej, papers and garbage on the roads.
Speaking on the occasion, Comander Shangpliang, President of the HFU, said that the state government does not know about the farmers, but they just announce the schemes in relation to the farmers but many of the farmers do not get them. They have schemes and corruption in the schemes that the farmers should have received.
All those in the hospital have been tested and all visitors to the hospital will be closed for a few days.
Before the prayer, a short speech was delivered by the Waheh Shnong of Dulong Dorbar Shnong, Ma Miki Bareh in the presence of the elders of the village, Ma Kmen Lato and others.
Any teams interested in participating can collect the Entry Form from the office of K.Passah, District Sports Officer, West Jaintia Hills District, before 13th October, 2023 during office hours. .
He said that the DC after talking to the leaders of the party said that he will send a letter to the government regarding the opposition of the party and the party leaders. The DC said he would inform the party leaders after receiving the reply and decision from the government.
The vehicle was taken to Boko Police Station as part of the investigation into the accident.
Tunisia's defense ministry has admitted that two gunmen opened fire on a shyiap in a tourist area between two hotels in a tourist resort.
Nongstoiñ, Naiwieng 10: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Kongal Sangma on Tuesday visited Rambrai to lay the foundation stone of the C&RD Block and to inaugurate the office of the Block Development Officer at Rambrai. The room of the house of Bah Kimfa S.Marbaniang, incumbent MLA, has delighted and delighted the residents and also the political parties working in the Rambrai area.
The Minister said the Government is waiting for the reply from the Election Commission to give permission to open the online application, which was supposed to start from 8th June, but the ECI has not yet given any approval. you answer.
Think of taking a slow path to condemn these MLAs who claim to be your leaders, but who don't dare to say what they should say,” said Bah Ardent.
The driver of the truck was injured in the collision and the farmers and residents of Umling who witnessed the incident rushed to the scene. to assist in transporting him to a hospital.
So she was surprised and thought maybe it was just a dream.
Shillong: Shillong Lajong beat SAI Guwahati 4-0 in the first match of the I-League Under-18 Zonal Round at the SAI Stadium in Guwahati. Guwahati today.
Jowai, Nailur 12: According to a reliable source from Khanduli, Lapangap, Mukroh, Saba and Khatkasla areas, it is alleged that in collaboration with the Assam Police and the Karbi rebels, Furthermore, he said that the Karbi-s living within the border of Pangam-Raliang, Raliang District, Umkhrmi, Mothade and Tibin, who have just settled in Raliang, Ummaleng, Tahpat and Lakaroi, Doloi Shiliang Myntang and Karbi who have settled in Myn-I, Umpawiang, Umphoh and Langkarja. Most of them live in Jowai Sub-Division and those who live together with the Pnars want to be within the border of Jaintia Hills Meghalaya.
All these are the children of the Seinraij Muthlong and once a year they come to take part in the Behdeiñkhlam festival of the Seinraij Muthlong which will end tomorrow 2/08/2020 at the hall of the Seinraij Muthlong.
“The Chief Secretary, Director General of Police and other police chiefs will ensure that there will be a strict operation in this regard and will not succumb to any interference from the government authorities in this regard,” said the full bench. in the order after the hearing of the PIL on the matter.
Meghalaya managed to finish after the first innings with Swarjeet Das scoring 81 runs.
This has been witnessed since they started moving to the area on the 21st of this month from the top of the Jaïaw taxi rank in Motphran opposite the Synod Complex.
Surprisingly, although these four persons have confessed to their crime, the Shnong officials have not informed the law enforcement authorities.
The selection will be held today from 9 pm at Madan Jrisalein.
Well, please ask for mercy from God while you are serving the people, for He hates pride.
Sneh Lata was admitted to Medanta Hospital in Gurugram.
Nongpoh: Three NPP MLAs, including Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, MLA Jirang, Rakkan A. Sangma, MLA Rongara Siju and Thomas A. Sangma, MLA North Tura, today resigned. The NPP MLAs have been able to campaign for the MP election for Ampareen Lyngdoh, the MP candidate of the NPP. They participated in the election campaign at Ampher 12mer village and after that, they went back to Pillangkata village, which is a border village and still falls under Jirang Constituency.
According to the Election Department, in Tura Parliamentary constituency, 240 polling stations have been identified as high risk while 121 polling stations have been identified as high risk.
He said that at this meeting, a decision was taken after a thorough discussion on the bill that the government intends to pass with the aim of curbing the entry of foreigners.
Many of these roads have been forgotten by the MLAs who lead the people of Shillong, because of the easy traffic in Shillong or Nongstoin.
It was on the morning of the 31st that the family members and the villagers went to search and found these two brothers killed in the lawbniah at Wahktieh, Nongrah.
The Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi through Publicity Secretary Rgh, S.Sari, said that the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij-12 Daloi invites all and at the same time welcomes all the members of the Seiñ Kyntu. Those who are from near and far to come and enrich the Lympung so that the Niam ka Rukom will continue from generation to generation.
“You don't have to worry,” he said.
The MDC of the area, who is also the office bearer of the Narpuh Border Area JAC, Emlangki Lamare, congratulated Conrad Sangma for completing the Block in Lumshnong and also congratulated the Secretary. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, expressed his gratitude to the JAC and said that during the celebration of the 75th Anniversary of the JAC, In the midst of the celebration of the 50th Anniversary of Meghalaya, he also inaugurated the C&RD Block office at Lumshnong. to seek various schemes from this government for the benefit of the people.
Laidina Rongrin is a white woman of Khasi descent but she also understands Garo and Hindi.
Shillong, July 20: U DP Arbinus Lyngdoh from Umroi constituency on Tuesday said that his decision to join the UDP was a journey. Your proposal to the organization does not have anything to do with you.
There are still three days left for the tournament, weather permitting.
The EM is also a supplier of fish and he has sold the fish to the MDCs. As the EM, he should be responsible for the expenses without the benefit of the council.
However, police have registered a case at the Civil Hospital Shillong and are conducting investigation into the incident. Self defense is another purpose as a pistol was also found on his body.
He said that in the house which has two owners, the Bengali family has a village name in the village and has an EPIC voter ID card from Mawbah, while the Bengali family has a village name from Mawbah. He said he doesn't know much about the Bihari community because they haven't been living in the village for a long time and he can't say anything.
Another sport in which the youth of the state won their medals was Wushu, where they won five medals in the 45 Kg Women - Juliana. Blah, 48 Kg Women-Bashisha Nongrum, 56 Kg Men-Francis RR Songthiang, 70 Kg Men-Francis RR Songthiang.
According to the source, these people are from the same household, Bah Rasin Lapang and Kong Trilowin Doloi (husband) and the daughter of Wall Doloi and Hebron Wahlang's husband.
The two organizations said that they had learned that during the examination, the students had received two parts of the questions written MNOP and QRST. Even the conductors of the examination are in the dark as to which question they should write,” said the complaint.
A diet low in sugar is not the cause of this disease.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of India has authorized 40 government departments to collect information and search the computers of people. that this act violates the right to freedom of expression.
“The Congress believes that it will turn the election cycle completely by the power of money overnight and we have to talk to the people that this election in Ampati should be on the side of the government and “I don't want to vote for the side that is in favor of change,” said Conrad.
In fact, the HNLC has shown its strength by calling for a curfew in these days and the police have decided to ensure that the HNLC will not get any more space.
Speeches were also delivered by Rajesh Sohmat, Block Projects Manager, NRLM Mawphlang Block, Mainlang Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong and Badabet Lyngdoh Mawphlang.
Consumers can enjoy these unique decorations and improve the presentation of these foods that they receive from KFCs in their villages and can also give praise when they enter KFC restaurants that have near them; and they can also learn more about these donors and their inspiration here.
Carrying placards: During the protest, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma, on his way to East Jaintia Hills, carried placards. One of the placards read, “Doesn't the order of the government have a purpose? Why does the cement company have power over the government?
Furthermore, “...the decree was given out in Shushan the palace...and the king and Haman sat down to drink and be merry while the city Shushan was in turmoil”.
There are signs in parts of my body.
Why is it that in the meetings those who preach are the same?
Yesterday, we saw in the media that the former Deputy Speaker of the Lok Sabha, Kariya Munda, who is also one of the BJP leaders, has spoken out and demanded that those tribals who have received Schedule Tribes (ST) shall no longer receive benefits or reservation if they have converted to Islam (Muslim) or Christianity as they are foreign religions in the country. India has introduced the Schedule Caste (SC) in the northern and southern parts of the country.
The purchase of land in the area has caused problems to the villagers, as the population has increased over the years and the need for more farmland has increased. in trouble for his children and for his generation to come.
As a result of this landslide, it was seen that stones and soil have fallen on the highway between Malki and Dhankheti and marmar puh shilum vehicles have been used all night to remove the soil and stones so that vehicles will be allowed to pass through this road.
“The VPP delegation to lead the meeting on Tuesday will include the party's Vice-President, Dr. Kara Chen, General Secretary, Dr. Ricky Syngkon and party spokesperson, Dr. Bathsheba Myrboh.
“The party has already understood the Government's intention by keeping a copy of the Memorandum of Understanding.
Shillong, Nailur, 19: The North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) has taken immediate action against the incident which occurred at Hostel No.19 on Tuesday night.
“We are still preparing and we have not set a date,” Sangma told reporters.
Shillong: There have been 377 new cases of coronavirus in Shillong today, 448 recoveries and 9 deaths.
Mukesh C Tyagi, Assistant Commandant of RPF Company B-16 UID No.812, was shot dead by a police officer at the Mini Secretariat of Mawkyrwat today. Arjun Dewshwal, a police officer, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
It was also decided to convene another meeting on the 21st of July to discuss the matter and to elect the Chairman of the committee.
The union also said that Meghalaya is covered by the Sixth Schedule which is the power to protect the land according to the Constitution of India which enshrines the right to land. and also the provisions of the Meghalaya Transfer of Land (Regulation) Act, 1971 which clearly states in Provision 3 (1) that no land shall be transferred to foreigners. to tribal to non – tribal.
Chouhan made the announcement at a function to honor cow farmers in Khajuraho today, ahead of the elections in the state.
All the Para-Khun of the country who are still holding on to their own traditional religion, the Khasi religion, are requested and expected to attend this 18th June, 2022 which is also the day of the end of the Shad. Suk Mynsiem of the year 2022, and to perform male and female dancers in their full costumes to enrich, enrich the Suk Mynsiem of South West Khasi Hills to proclaim the glory of the country.
Speaking to media, the Minister and Spokesperson said that at the Cabinet meeting, it was decided to repeal the Reservation Policy which allows Garo people to It is not the state to get employment from the quota allocated to the Garo people according to the quota allocated by the Reservation Policy.
It cannot be difficult to find a Governor of Meghalaya to appoint a Governor and those who do not speak English can be appointed only in the eastern part of India, because even in the western part of India, too, people oppose Hindi because it cannot be properly spoken.
She also reminded that as children when they are in such places, they have their own responsibilities to fulfill their duties and if they do not fulfill them on time they will be punished. They are taught through many trainings that they should not be stupid or do wrong in these things because through their intelligence from childhood it will teach them that when they grow up they will learn this. for they have learned.
What is more surprising is that there were no police patrols accompanying the rally marchers and this stingy counting by the district authorities and police departments is an injustice and disrespect to the residents.
Shillong: U SI W.Nongtdu, OC of Khliehriat Police Station, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 12th of this month at 2:35 pm, he tried to call a friend of his but he did not respond. The phone call was sent to another person whom he did not recognize. During the phone conversation, the person threatened and threatened him.
“The government's statement that the day laborers will be allowed to go to work.
Jowai, November 28: U Deputy Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prof. RC Laloo as the chief guest and Vincent H Pala, MP of the Lok Sabha as the Symbud chief guest along with the Deputy CEM of JHADC, Andrew Shullai, The 100th Anniversary of the Panaliar Dorbar Shnong, Jowai was celebrated today at a meeting held at the Dorbar Shnong.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will seek the opinion of the SCoTCH on the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya to allow women to participate in the election of Village Authorities.
I’m also available at any time if you need clarification.
The 11th Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Youth Assembly was held at Mawlong Presbyterian Church, Sohra Presbytery, KJP Synod Sepngi, Shella Constituency, East Khasi Hills District. trees because of the heat of the sun on Sunday.
The purpose of this scheme is to generate income through fish farming in order to achieve self-sufficiency in fish production.
We must also remember that the Government of India has strong security agencies that monitor the operation of YouTube channels across the country.
When inquired from them, they said that they will wait until the 2nd which is the polling day to clarify for them.
We have written to the PMO but they have not given us any information,” said BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh.
Mohun Bagan and JSW Bengaluru will face each other in the semi-finals tomorrow to qualify for the Hero Super Cup final.
“The CSWO demands that those involved in illegal activities should be arrested immediately and no bail should be granted under the POCSO Act,” she said.
Speaking to reporters, Basan Nongkseh and Paiem Ken Syiem, while speaking to reporters, expressed their satisfaction with the vision of the FKJGP to have a public garbage dump for the villages in the Raid area. Marwet and this garbage dump is necessary because the time will come when we don't have those places to dump the garbage and this will affect the health and the environment. Solid Waste Management will help the people and we will also be able to bring about a clean environment.
Antonio War said that the demand of Process in the House that the EM in charge of the budget should resign so that the investigation can be transparent He said that he had no information about the deposit of Professional Tax money from Nongpoh and Nongstoiñ into the accounts of private individuals as the money had not passed through the Finance Department.
The festival will be held at the RBDSA Sports Complex.
He said that as the days go by, Khasi films have started to grow well in these days and the number of supporters of Khasi films has started to increase.
Although Sawmer have lost in the last three games, this is the first time that the team has suffered such a loss, without scoring any points with hard work and in the led by Mark Austin Wanswett.
Khliehmuchut Shangpung have qualified for the quarterfinals of the 6th Debo Shullai Memorial Trophy organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Shullai said that his job is to look after the problems of the people, Dorbar Shnongs and covid 19 committees, who are in the areas that have been closed down. He said that he has received complaints from various Dorbar Shnongs, including Maxwellton Estate, Oxford Hills and Mawbah (Barapather) and the reason, is because those who are suspected of having covid, have been quarantined. They are at home, even when they have inadequate shelter and furthermore, the lack of adequate food and drink.
Lakmen expressed his satisfaction that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) has passed a resolution that out of the 1900 posts of employees in JHADC, 300 posts, when the employees retire, will not be filled. you don't need to plant bujli.
On his departure from Mawhati to contest from Nongkrem, he said that he left Mawhati to contest from Nongkrem because it was the wish of the people. came out of an understanding with his supporters.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has not yet accepted this explanation, saying that the disease is caused by larger particles and that they are not diseases that have been spread by the wind. and they shall not be slow to anger.
Videos have also been circulated showing that even the dishes have been used to clean the toilet bowls.
From 1999 when Graham Staines and his children were burned alive to the death of Father Stan who was tortured and died as a prisoner without trial in
Through this PROGRESS, the beneficiaries will reach about 10,000 farmers and this is to improve the livelihood and income of the farmers in the state.
At the same time, parents or relatives should avoid concealment of violence as it allows criminal expenditure.
In his speech, James K Sangma praised the decision of these two men, in which they took the courage and determination to surrender.
The State Government in Budget 2021 has allocated about Rs 820 crore for health and healthcare, while the expenditure of the State or the population in the State as a whole ha Health and Medical Care is Rs 2366 crore in 2018 and Rs 2223 crore in
The Taliban's introduction of rules banning women from education and employment is also a violation of the human rights of the people and a source of hope for them. Afghanistan's citizens, especially women from children, young women and mothers, because of their lack of opportunity to live an independent life to stand on their own feet and it is also a decline. It is a big deal if women lose even the opportunity to study and work because it will cause them a lot of trouble especially in this age.
They also requested the MCTA to take action on their demand and the MCTA has done its duty.
Last year, there was a mass protest to demand the removal of the metor drivers from Iewmawlong.
He said that according to his information, the tax was collected in Majai and West Khasi Hills but in West Khasi Hills the DC has suspended it and in his constituency he has said that the tax has been collected in Majai and West Khasi Hills. The SP and the DC have already spoken to the DC and the DC will issue the order soon.
The injured Kong Bek was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong and later shifted to Super Care Hospital.
The RDA invites all the MLAs & MDCs of the UDP & HSPDP, all the members of the Central Body, the Presidents & Secretaries of the Districts, the Presidents & Secretaries from the Circles/Constituencies, all the Leaders. The Women Wing and Youth Wing of the UDP and HSPDP and also the members of the Women Wing and Youth Wing of the UDP and HSPDP are invited to attend the meeting. The Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) today attended a public meeting held by the MPCC at Madan Pahamsyiem to welcome Rahul Gandhi. Gandhi, who came to Meghalaya to explain to the public about the Bharat Jado Yatra or to bring unity among all the people of the country and also to explain to the public on many issues, which have affected the people of the state and in the whole country.
" “For now we don't see any other options.
However, on 21st November, the factory reopened.
Dr. D. Pasweth, Senior Scientist & Head, KVK Jaintia Hills in his opening remarks, informed about the training activities that the office has already done to the farmers and at the same time they have been successful through with the cooperation of the state and local government.
There were also songs by the KJP Western Synod, the students of St Mary's School and the Sisters of Auxilium School Shillong.
Speaking at a public meeting in Siliguri today, Shah said the government will implement the Act throughout India.
“In fact, we should start with the current one and maybe we can think of a second one.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27: Nongrah SC and Pohkseh SC won the second leg of the SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 at the SSA Ground on Saturday. .
Shillong, July 28: The Damalgre United Youth Welfare Society (DUYWS) has urged the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to fight for the change in the power outage time in the area.
He said that the Radiotherapy Department of NEIGRIHMS has reached another milestone in the treatment of cancer patients, where the disease spreads from one place to another.
The restaurant has two sections for non-veg and non-veg, and will be open to the public from the 23rd of this month.
The meeting was attended by various dignitaries including stakeholder groups.
The Congress party from 18th West Shillong and 17th North Shillong constituencies approved the nomination of Auguster Jyrwa at a meeting of the Congress party held on 30th November in Jaiaw. Slowly.
According to a newspaper published in U Rupang/Kynjatshai/Wyrta on 12/01/2024, the Waheh Shnong of Huroi Mr. Golden Marbaniang has accused Umpyrshin Village of not being a village, but only a village. and they went into the city of Huroi.
The Blood Donation Cell of the Seng would like to thank all the members of the Seng who came to take part in this program and we hope that through this blood donation of theirs will be a blessing to those who many precious human souls may be saved through this blood.
On receiving a tip, the district authorities of WKH together with the police immediately rushed to the scene at 12.30 pm, where there was a heavy clash between the Assam police. and Meghalaya Police and after this the Assam Police did not refuse to leave while the Meghalaya Police are still stationed at the scene to accompany the crowd and prevent the plot. The Assam Police have decided to set up the police station without any information or understanding from the two states.
It does not mean that the young man should sell his possessions but the things of the flesh.
Dr Manas, Minister in the Mamta Banerjee Government in West Bengal, arrived in Shillong on Saturday and met with Dr Mukul Sangma and other leaders to discuss the party's preparations. The 2023 MLA elections.
The State Government in collaboration with the Ministry of External Affairs (MEA) of India, on 16th June, unveiled the statue of Tirot Singh at the Indira Gandhi Cultural Center (IGCC). which is located in Dhaka.
He also expressed his request for the union to provide a stadium and promised in front of thousands of spectators that he will provide a stadium for the union which has been a long time dream. at another time he would see the crowds seated in the galleries.
However, what is surprising is that when Amit Shah came to Tura, the residence of the Chief Minister, the Chief Minister fled instead of discussing important issues of the state such as the ILP and the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Eight Schedule.
“Here at the Milk Processing Centre, Mawiong, we get 12-13 thousand liters per day, but since the news of Lumpy Skin Disease, the milk market has declined especially since the The government has announced that it is no longer allowed to sell and drink milk. The import of milk here has increased because of the floods. , we can't sell it anymore and we have converted it to Khi,” said Kyrmenskhem.
“Education is the key to increasing the income of any area but it is sad to see that the schools are not adequate and the teachers do not get their rightful salary. Garod, who is also Ula, said that he wants to become the MLA of Raliang so that he can bring about change in the field of education.
Another benefit of this training is the financial support to those who have already been trained to start their own businesses.
By the end of the first half, Khliehmawlieh were 2-1 up.
“I urge the MLA of Nongkrem to come to the table to discuss the issues he has, I cannot promise to implement all the demands he has but I need to understand clearly, these are the issues he has. ," she said.
Police have arrested Umesh Das, Sujit Hajong, Debesh Sangma and Prabitra Mazumdar and recovered from them the mobile phone and camera of the journalists.
Besides, Sadhu said that the district authorities will take strong action against the illegal activities of those who live in Lum Survey.
Rani said that looking at the actions of the Meghalaya government, it is clear that it has not taken responsibility for the problems of the people on the border with Assam. The party should implement this before the state celebrates its 50th anniversary and if the government does not do anything for it, it will oppose the 50th anniversary of the state.
Speaking to media, MEMRIWU President Roipar Kharraswai said that four issues were discussed at the meeting including staffing, salary, leave and transfer.
The stadium has been allocated under the SRWP scheme (2022-23) at a cost of 10 lakh tyngka.
The villagers and family of I Love You have said that they cannot accept what he has done.
Mawkyrwat, Naiwieng 11: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Rangthong Unit has welcomed and honored Victorealness Syiemlieh after her return from receiving the award in Delhi. as a sign of encouragement for her reaching that goal.
Therefore, there will be no confidence in such a government,” he said.
If you enter the Main Secretariat, the Government is ready to improve and repair the same building that has already been built and the ground has been cleaned with tiles, but it is very difficult to turn around. to the rural villages because the roads are like forest roads and animal roads that are full of snow during the rainy season.
“The HSPDP has stood with the Garo people to fight for their own Garoland and Khasi Jaintia State and the HSPDP together with other states in the North East will go to unveil the Lama. before Parliament to demand a new State,” he said.
The suspect immediately deposited T.33,50,975 in nine bank accounts; However, when the man did not land in Pune, he started shocking people and immediately lodged a complaint with the police and during the investigation, two persons were arrested, the report said.
“We have produced the film Adona (love story) which is about society, family relationships, friendship and love,” said Bah Rana.
Mawtawar SC failed to score the first goal of the match and Pohkseh SC won the 2nd Division title in
At first glance, it seemed that it was near because the Jews were eager to build the Third Temple.
Time seems to be running fast on this issue, as the Government of India wants to implement the Assam Accord, which was signed in the 1980s, as soon as possible. The ILP Act or the laws prohibiting foreigners, so it will be a great protection, but if the law prohibiting them from Assam comes first, there is a risk that they will enter and smuggle into the country. places that have not been covered.
He said that the education sector in the state has many problems and the state government will set up an Education Commission to look into the matter.
In the second half, the players of Upper Umkaduh, tried to create opportunities to turn the tide and in such a short time only the players of Upper Umkaduh, Lailad FC scored 2 goals, but as time went by, Upper Umkaduh FC fought hard and scored another goal. The team beat Upper Umkaduh 5-2
At the time of writing, the fire brigade is still fighting to extinguish the blaze.
At the same time, Sumer said that the UDP has not given the ARPA five days, but it will send a letter to the ARPA as soon as possible. “We have not given them five days, as reported, but we will send them to act on this demand as soon as possible,” said Bah Sumer.
If this Resource Center is operational, there is no doubt that there will be a delay in the operation, but unfortunately in many places the village houses claim to be public houses when most of the time it has been witnessed. and only a few were filled with uncleanness.
This has happened because many of the people in the villages don't have enough food to eat for the whole year. who came to ask the shopkeepers to help them get food.
The Financial Assistant of the Government for the Financial Year 2023-24 is 17,00,000/- from the Land Reform Scheme while from the Centrally Sponsored Scheme the Council has received T.3,54,04,700/- only for the 1st year. Installment named Digital India Land Record Modernization Program (DILRMP).
Shillong: Due to the closure of schools and classes due to the outbreak of Covid-19 in the state since
You also need to take care of your oral health to avoid diseases that affect your teeth.
They said that for now, the people should appreciate the hard work of the MLA to bring in schemes and projects for their benefit.
At the same time, she said that such violence is caused by men, whether young or old, who look down on women because they are weak.
However, the VPP, as the President said in the Assembly, said that the VPP when it took over this post has no intention of creating ethnic differences, but it is exactly on its own side and to ensure the rights of the people. another group of people who have suffered greatly from this policy.
The president of the VPP party, said that in the last budget session, the four MLAs of the VPP, did not have the opportunity to discuss the issue in the Legislative Assembly due to the shortage of time. too much of the time.
He also recalled that Khlieh Iewduh at that time was a terrible smuggling area, where there was a smuggling by Nepalis, but the smuggling was eliminated in you're Bull's time.
After complete preparation, funds will be allocated for the reconstruction of the school,” he said.
The presence of these markets can boost their business where they can sell and showcase their talents and people from outside the state can also see the goods they produce. learn more about the customs and traditions of our places.
Kong Kynjing urged the residents to maintain the water wells so that the water can reach all the households.
You have seen in the newspapers that they have received Rs 2 crore through the DMF (District Mineral Fund for the cleaning of Wah Lukha and everyone is happy but the truth is, that Rs 2 crore doesn't mean anything. you compare how much they get carried out of this region of ours, they carry an awful lot of money.
He also expressed the hope that the project launched in Narwan will be successful and fruitful.
The two MDCs demanded from the Ministry of Home Affairs and the Government to immediately build adequate accommodation for these soldiers so that they can provide services to the people. .
“There is a law prohibiting the Election Commission of India, Article 324 in rule 1 sub rule 3 part 2 which prohibits them from misleading the people or trying to buy to the public by announcing such schemes.
About 350 contractors under the MNREGA scheme, said that the Gram Sevak and Secretary have withdrawn their salary for 14 days, but they have been paid back for only 4 days. shiteng which cost only T.700 tyng, while their salary is up to T.2030 tyngka.
Regarding this victory, the AMKA congratulated the team for playing well in order to win a medal in the tournament and return home with a victory.
Those who are ready for the 2nd Dose can book online through the Co-WIN App or come directly to the nearest CHCs/PHCs/Sub Centres.
These Powertillers and Solar Dryers are to be used for the planting and harvesting of shynrai.
The government wants to keep the people in their homes, to have peace, if in this way even the insurgents can bring peace why do we need police.
On this day, as usual since 1992, APSTA will also donate T.50,000 to the Christmas Make Over 2023 of Ri Khasi Channel as well as to Pynursla Parish and NEIMA. Pursue.
The three MDCs who did not attend the dorbar are Blanding Warjri MDC Mawthadraishan from the HSPDP, Equator Nongrang MDC from Mairang from the UDP and Adelbert Nongrum MDC from the UDP. you KHNAM from Jaiaw.
The party sends its condolences to the family members of (L) Macborn Bonnyson Kharbani who passed away and may his soul rest in peace.
Referring to the demand of the BJP on the allegations of corruption in GHADC and JHADC, the Minister said that the government has not hesitated and the government will take action. On the demand to send an inquiry to the CBI, he said he would look into it.
Shillong: The CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Pynshngain N Syiem, on Tuesday said that the funds allocated for the KHADC are at the discretion of the CEM and the Executive Committee. The boundary of the District Council without the need to discuss with the MDCs of the opposition.
Titos said this has also brought forward the priority issues to force the MDA government to take action for the Sohra area in the coming days.
At this public meeting, he said that the government has talked to the companies to convert these waste into electricity generation so that the waste does not flow into the river or into the roads.
Through these new technologies, filmmakers from all over the state have come out to showcase their talents.
The AAP has denied her evidence and said Maliwal acted only because she was ordered by the BJP to insult and harass Kejriwal.
In the past few months, we have seen that their desire to meet Amit Shah has become excessive.
On this occasion, the report of the activities of the party in the past years was also received.
Bejan Daruwala, the famous astrologer who predicted the victory of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2014, passed away today at the age of
keep on bluffing the people of Meghalaya.
If there is also that Jingtehlakam, then the Shynrang should have received a share from his Ïingkur, otherwise, the Pyrla would still be lost.
Such as murder, theft, robbery, rape of women and children and others.
Shillong: U Secretary of the Hima Sohra, BV Rymmai, today said that the Hima Sohra area has lost more than T.3 crore since the beginning of the dam closure. The closure of the dam due to the outbreak of the second phase of Covid-1
The EJNC said that the passing away of Bah Shylla is a great loss to the state and the nation as a whole.
But you don't have to rep with a small symbol of lshir-lshir.
Mizoram scored 3 goals in the first half and 3 goals in the second half.
The government's lack of attention in this regard shows that it wants these schools to die from this earth and allow private schools to stand.
She said that the vehicle carrying the students had to pass through another longer road as the shorter road was damaged by the flood.
When the Modi government took office in 2014, there were 18,452 villages without electricity.
He also informed that the 2nd Window Inter Club Transfer for the 1st Division will be open from 12th to 18th November 2023 only for newcomers.
Therefore, since this month, the dealer has distributed the rice in accordance with the directives of the supply department and not as reported in the newspapers.
They also visited Muktapur in the Jaintia Hills.
At the same time, she said that the central government has provided equipment and other equipment to strengthen the police force.
The arrested were identified as Digen Sangma (25) of Dangar village and Santos Marak (48) of Kalapahar village.
The blood and seed of foreigners have spread throughout the ranks of the nation.
Four MDCs on the side of MB Rymbai, who also hold the posts of Chairman of various committees, have been dismissed while the MDCs on the opposition who have released Thombor. After being thrown out of the house, they were able to climb the bridge.
The havildar was also taken to court today and further investigation is ongoing.
The Commission shall hold regular meetings to introduce new incidents, to release old incidents and requests.
When the Messiah understood that they had no reason, they demanded that he be given a hafta.
SSM President Bah C Rani said that according to information received from RTI, out of T.9.53 lakh allocated for the construction of the 100 meter long village road, T.5.50 lakh has been allocated. for payment of salaries and T.3.3 lakh for purchase of equipment.
The hospital was founded by a private individual, Rom Dhar who is also a Kabiraj or a well-known herbalist in the area.
Reports have emerged in India today that the joint holding of Parliamentary and Assembly elections is not new, as until 1967, MP and MLA elections were held at the same time.
At the same time, to raise and maintain the waters of the rivers in order to generate high fish production through private fish ponds, village land.
Jowai: The Superintendent of Police West Jaintia Hills District on Saturday celebrated the Children's Day with the children of Sahsniang. East India Mission Association (NEIMA).
We should commend such citizens because it is through them that illegal activities come to light.
However, during this season, many power plants are unable to generate electricity due to the lack of water in the rivers which rely on rainfall,” said AT Mondal.
The investigation is ongoing,” said SP West Garo Hills VS Rathore.
Regarding the traffic on this road, HANM urges the Ri Bhoi Police Department to take immediate action to stop the traffic on this road. Police have not taken action, the union will take action to stop these trucks, which come from Mairang area and use the road from Umrit to Pahammawlein 20mer.
The training was held at the training ground of the office of the District Agriculture Officer, West Jaintia Hills District.
Nongstoin, 03 Naiwieng: After the filing of nomination papers, UDP candidate Bah Moslandar Marngar today left for the RO to complete the filing of nomination papers for the by-election. The election for the Nongstoin Constituency will be held on the 21st of this month.
The death toll in the UK has risen to 778, bringing the total to 12,1
Sitharaman said the PradhanMantri Kisan Sampada Yojana has benefited 38 lakh farmers and created job opportunities for up to 10 lakh people.
The fifth part is, “I am thirsty,” which means that he is still eager to accomplish more preaching work.
During the visit of the journalists, today it is indeed something that has never happened before that dozens of vehicles and two wheelers have lined up to wait for petrol and filling stations. Petrol can no longer supply petrol to the public and not only petrol; The shops around the city like Khyndailad, Motphran, Anjali and other places have been closed down, except for the Khasi shops which are still open in Shillong.
Arunachal Pradesh Police have arrested a bank manager in Siang district of Arunachal Pradesh for stealing money from an account of a depositor, police said.
Laal Singh Chaddha directed by Advait Chandan and starring Aamir Khan, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Mona Singh is one of the most successful Bollywood films and is also a remake of the Hollywood film Forrest. Gump doesn’t really have anything interesting or beautiful that the audience would want to watch it.
Three more people have been confirmed positive for the virus in Kerala, bringing the total number of cases in India to
Russia's action has also prompted Ukraine to send troops to bomb Russian border areas where Russian oil fields and oil factories are located.
This will also help those people who have to go to hospitals and those who have been intimidated through false news on social media and especially those who have seen or seen the dead. , who have also died of Covid Pneumonia and others.
For those who have been addicted to drugs we know well and even the villages and relatives are ready to provide information but we need to take strong action against the drug traffickers.
He is God, the Son – the Creator of the world (Phil 2-5-11).
She said formalin is not on the list of chemicals that can be used in food.
Ardent held the meeting to explain to the public all the allegations and rumors against him.
The question is, why didn't they invite us other neighboring villages, and the civil society organizations that support the 6 villages Wah Lukha Association, during the Public Hearing? long on 30/01/2
Shillong, July 18 : Randajied United Football Club (RUFC) have won the Meghalaya State League 2023 title by beating Khliehmawlieh Youth Club 1-0 in the final match played at on Saturday at the First Ground of the SSA in Polo.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma today met with the Central Mine Planning and Design Institute Limited (CMPDI), the Forest Department and the Mineral Resources Department for this purpose.
In this regard, the police department has conducted a public awareness campaign to raise awareness on the dangers and how to get rid of drugs.
A committee was also set up headed by BP Katoki, former High Court judge, together with the Central Pollution Control Board and the Indian School of Mines, Dhanbad.
More specifically, the principle they stand for is “This world is one family.
According to the verdict, the court sentenced the suspect to six months imprisonment and a fine of T.60,000 thousand.
He has served as the President of the BJP in Chakma district and has also been elected as the Member of Parliament (MDC) from Chotapansury constituency.
Everyone is requested to respect the right to peace of mind.
However, perhaps the time has come too late after the signing of MoUs between the two Chief Ministers (CMs) of Assam and Meghalaya since July for the six (seven) border areas.
However, the game started to turn around after Sharma scored 26 runs in 10 overs for four wickets. SCA (A) scored 54 runs and lost. 4 wickets.
He said that the order issued by the SDO (C) Amlarem is biased and they have not complied with the order because all the village markets and shops have been closed down, while foreign trade has been allowed to continue. and has been classified under essential service or necessary for the public.
These households include Tlem Dkhar, Dilis Dkhar and Embilis Rymbai.
The HNLC has made it clear that it is not involved in any illegal activities as a sign of respect to the central and state governments and has directed its intelligence department to search for those who involved in claiming money in the name of the organization.
On this occasion, Certificates were also awarded to the entrepreneurs of the Self-Help Group (SHG) who have done well in their work. and others through the National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM), Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana-Gramin (PMAY-G). Engineering PHE, Deputy Commissioner (Supply), District Medical and Health Officer, National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM), the office of the Superintendent of Fisheries and the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) as well as the Bank's. free registration for LPG gas and others.
However, now she has the courage to report and lodge a complaint against him,” said the Chief Superintendent of Police, Abraham T. Sangma.
The statement said that the police's intention to arrest the people will only incite the people to take to the streets once again to show their strength against the law enforcement agencies and this will lead to a problem. great.
The Regional Committees of Meghalaya and Assam have met in Shillong to take measures to resolve the border dispute in Block-I and Khanduli-Psiar. .
They have produced what they have without understanding the origin and foundation or what is right and what is wrong.
Therefore, he warned and strongly condemned the robbers that when they do such things, they should think twice before doing anything wrong or killing the enemy. The use of drugs affects not only the individuals but also the people of the area.
On the 15th July 2024, the Riwar Mihngi Dancing Competition 2024 will be held.
It means fighting against each other.
Shillong, Nailar 28: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Rowel Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that his resignation from the post of Chief Minister was due to the pressure from Dr. Mukul Sangma. I have been forced by the prime minister to resign,” said Rowell.
Biplab Kumar Deb also urged everyone to read the CAB and NRC carefully before protesting against the CM.
The Dorbar Shnong with the responsibility to improve the services to the children especially those children who come from poor families, who do not have the opportunity to go to school outside the village, started to develop and establish a Secondary School in In collaboration with the teachers who have already taught at the school from LP and UP and the teachers who as the village has to pay its own money for their salaries at a small salary.
Other members of the Women's Wing who have resigned are D. Lyngdoh, B Lyngkhoi, A Rynjah, T Ryntathiang, B Ryntathiang, E Lyngdoh, HK Jana, BL Marshilong, S Lyngdoh, R Lyngdoh, S Lyngkhoi, Q Rynjah, J Nongrum, J Nongsiej, M Nongsiej, R Lyngwa, P Marbaniang, T Bamon, H Bamon, SL Nongrang, N Biam, V Biam, M Biam, W Syiem, B Syiemiong , W Nongbet, S Sumar, S Wahlang, S Shullai, S Myrboh, D Kharnaior, B Marbaniang, S Rynjah, F Nongsiej, R Jyrwa and B Thabah.
Three mountain bikers or cyclists from the state including the first young woman from the state to represent India have been selected from the country's Downhill Team to compete in the event. The Asian Continental Championships will be held in Kerala.
Khliehriat Police on Tuesday arrested a Muslim Khar named Md.Imran Hussien and under his guidance found the place where the body was broken in one coal mine is no longer in operation.
In West Garo Hills, 67 people.
The village has also strictly prohibited the carrying or drinking of alcohol and other illegal beverages inside the village and no dancing or singing is allowed while walking.
These include EGH: 6, EKH: 24, WGH: 6 and WKH:
Satan does not dwell or work only in women.
Lber 20: The President of the KSU, Bah Lambokstarwell Marngar on Monday expressed his regret and dissatisfaction with the use of Hindi by the Governor of Meghalaya, Phagu Chauhan to speak in Hindi in the Legislative Assembly.
On the other hand, Samla Donald said that the KSU is not surprised by the arrest of the KSU members, because if there is any incident, the first to be arrested are the KSU members. He said that if there is a conflict between foreigners and Khasi or even if there is a conflict between foreigners, the first initiative will be the KSU.
It was seen that there are organizations working hard for the preservation of fish in the waters but no action has been taken for the birds and other wildlife.
“Their progress in this field is also through the guidance and encouragement of their family members,” said Rutherford.
He said that the volunteers who have received this training will be provided with personal protective equipment and emergency response kits, which will be managed by the District Disaster Management Authority (DDMA). if there are any storms.
He said that Thomas Jones died at the age of half a year when he was persecuted for fighting for the rights of the Khasi.
Shillong: The EMRI 108 workers under the banner of the EMRI Workers Union today met with the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong to express their grievances.
The Seng also said that economic development should not come at the expense of human life and environmental damage.
Within 10 minutes, Mizoram tried to play well, but the players of the State managed to save the goal.
The Lamare clan established the village of Nongkynrih near Mookyndeng to remember their old village from their new home in the Hima Shyllong.
At a meeting held at Saitsohpen, Sohra for the Shella constituency, the Congress leaders said that the party has suffered from the betrayal of other leaders who have moved to other parties. They said that the President of the Block will not be able to take the responsibility of being the party candidate.
He demanded that the government should take immediate action to resolve the border issue so that there will be no more conflict, and also criticized the Assam government for bringing in the Khar. Nepalis in this area to knieh and kyntur the border because in these areas there were no Assamese or Rabha but there were only Nepalis.
In East Khasi Hills, 19 cases, Ribhoi 8, South Garo Hills 13 and West Garo Hills 47 cases.
If the bank does not respond within 30 days of the complaint or if the complainant is not satisfied with the response provided by the bank, the complainant may lodge a complaint with the Reserve Bank – Integrated Ombudsman Scheme (RB-IOS), in the Complaint Management System of the RBI (cms.
The second time, in 490 BCE, Zerubbabel was also unable to restore the kingdom of Judah.
The length of the crematorium is up to 7 kilometers. They started entering from the road near the MCCL and according to their findings they said it is the fourth largest crematorium in India.
The Tourism and Taxation Department, which was formerly headed by the UDP, has been appointed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, after the resignation of Metbah Lyngdoh, who assumed the post of Speaker of the House. Dr Donkupar Roy.
The railway station at Mendipathar is currently on the verge of being improved under the Amrit Bharat scheme.
On the other hand, the Waheh Shnongs and residents of these border villages who pass through the Rymbai-Bataw-Borghat-Jalalpur road (RBBJ-Road) expressed their gratitude and appreciation to the government for its support. They have been quick to listen to the complaints and requests of the people and at the same time they have requested the contractors who will build this road to please maintain the road in a proper and stable manner so that The road will last a long time and also that it will be a blessing to the area as a whole because as we know that the road is the budlum of the development of the area especially the border area. Therefore, the availability of adequate roads and paths will help to make it easier for the farmers to deliver their products to the market and this will also help in the development of the income of the people of the area.
He said that in previous years, the influx of tourists to Nongkhnum has been very high.
As a sign of closure and ban on visitors to the area, the VDPs of three villages have also left to put up signboards with the words of warning at the area. .
However, when they walk straight, the gatekeepers chase them and when they find them, they threaten them and demand thousands of rupees.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has announced that according to letter No.DMR/MM/843/2020/Vol-I/191, dated. No.EJHD/JUDL.55/PT.III/2022/65, dated 17.06.2022 issued by the Office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Once again, those Coal Owners whose names appear on the Coal Inventory List and the Report on Assessment of Extracted Coal Stocks are requested to submit the required Forms and Documents on or before. to 5 (August), 2022.
Numaligarh Refinery Limited has been supplying petroleum products to Bangladesh since
Not to mention the demarcation process that the state has been going through for more than 50 years, but what is more sad is that only the development projects that the people should get are also in many villages. in the border areas they are still neglected.
“As soon as the rainy season ends, the works to strengthen the wall will be completed and all measures are being taken to ensure that the football stadium will be ready for use by the public as soon as possible. "I'm sorry," said Vijay Kumar.
In Meghalaya, the people welcome the rule of lies and thanksgiving, sarong and kyreit, slander and slander, and the people no longer care what happens to the kings and worshipers ('Lei san nem) and he that overcometh shall reign.
Preparations for the opening ceremony of the 5th Meghalaya Games 2024 are in full swing with all the participants arriving in Tura on Sunday morning.
It is learned that they have gone to the government authorities not to build the bridge, but until now it has remained without any help.
Just as the ground along the road is turned by the sudden presence of the feet of men and animals, so the hearts of those people who have received praise and a good name are turned by the presence of the foot of man and beasts. Devil.
Shillong, Jymmang 25: The State Government has issued an order to dismiss the teachers who have been appointed as white teachers in the Lower Primary Schools of the State.
From the leaves and stems they make small prewki which they can burn in the house to kill insects such as the pyrjong and other insects.
In an unprecedented incident, a 25-year-old woman from Mali gave birth to nine children.
Why does the government neglect and neglect the markets which support the livelihood of our Khasi people who live in agriculture in the rural areas?
In the women's category, the West Jaintia Hills District team won its first victory after winning 16 medals including 7 Gold, 2 Silver and West Jaintia Hills came second with 8 medals, including 5 Gold, 2 Silver and 1 Bronze.
Its card will end until the world itself ends and it will disappear. Then the card of the house will end.
Ampareen Lyngdoh congratulated the state on its 50th Anniversary and also requested to burn the mombati at home for the sake of the state as a whole and for the Congress party. .
The third factor is that the mafia, operating in the state, may be angry with the police chief for taking strong action against the illegal coal activities.
Rymbai Synrang Shahkhaiñ, Khliehriat West FC, Wahiajer NYSSC and Rangad SC have reached the quarter finals of the 1st Division Football Tournament organized by the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association.
He said that apart from these, no new cases have been reported.
The social agreement was signed in Delhi by the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma and the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma in the presence of the Prime Minister of India, Amit Shah, Ministers of State. Governments of Meghalaya and Assam as well as officials of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
The students of St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, have won the title of overall champion at the District Level Inter School Athletic Meet, held at the NSCA Stadium in Pahamsyiem by the office of the District Sports Officer. , Ri-Bhoi District.
Yutang Kma scored 69 runs (5×4 and 7×6), Ben Nongtdu scored 19 runs (3×4) without being out, Dauni Laloo of Lion Sports and Youth Affairs took two wickets in 3 overs. .
The district authorities in Silchar are in shock that up to 300 passengers who arrived by plane and landed in Silchar have gone missing since Tuesday. The district authorities have not been able to test whether they have corona virus.
“Therefore, today in the Cabinet we have decided to introduce service rules for the MPSC,” he said.
Laying the foundation stone for the construction of the Sub-Centre, which is part of the Model Health Sub-Centre, the Minister said that in the next three years, about 300 new Sub-Centres will be built. will be built statewide.
One of the residents, Narayan Prasad Sharma, said that they were not informed but came suddenly.
But now let us read about the New Jerusalem which comes down out of heaven from God.
The competition was also organized in collaboration with Mawphor Office as the Media Partner.
After seeing the CEM of KHADC appearing in court, the Chief Justice ordered Bah Nongrum to appear in court.
Shri Mukhtar Abbas NaqviThe first 50 days of the second term of the Modi government can be said to have taken this decision with a great purpose in which the central government in these 50 days, has focused on the commitment to transform India into a US$5 trillion economy, to improve resources and trade, empower all and double the income of farmers.
Besides, the work is also very slow, because the parts that have been painted have been destroyed but there are other parts that have not been painted yet.
On the second day, Malki SC will play against Shillong Lajong FC which is also the last match of the season.
“I can't explain the shock and fear because I can't even walk with my legs trembling,” said one woman.
If they refuse, it means that the Land Holding Certificate (LHC) and Pata Hali of the residents of Lapangap and Khanduli are not registered in JHADC. Is that why we have left the border towns? In fact, as MDCs who have the authority to make laws to enforce laws to protect land and land, they should be ashamed why they don't want to appear even once in these areas where there is no dispute”.
In this constituency there are many unemployed youth, poor, and it is the constituency which is the brain of Meghalaya,” he said.
Media reports said that as soon as he saw the VDPs, the policeman called his team and after a while the Assam police rushed to the scene and the VDPs had to flee. Two VDP members were bombed and tied by the Assam police.
The cow may not be a job for some people, but for us, it is a mother, it is sacred. hai)," he said further.
Kharraswai alleged that the theft was done with the knowledge of the BDO. Kharraswai in the complaint said that only officers holding the rank of AEE, AE or JE who can take over the work and enter it in the Measurement Book, but in the BTRRS scheme, the Accountant is entrusted with the task and he knows everything to enter it in the Measurement Book.
Nominations will be submitted from 14th June to 20th June, 2023 from 11 am to 5 pm at the KSU Office. nomination paper) will be held from 15th June to 20th June, 2023 till 5 pm and the withdrawal of nomination if any will be held on 21st June till 5 pm.
They are the ones who should be called churches; not those who have just given money have listened.
Thank you, you M.L.A! How many decades have you wanted to be discriminators against the future of the youth? Don't you feel sorry to discriminate against the youth, the brothers and sisters of the country? How many decades have you been trying to insult and block our youth with this one-sided trick? Review the Job Reservation Policy to show that you are communal.
He said that after the President had opened the exhibition, she wanted to listen to the sounds of the instruments, until she I was surprised and amazed at the sounds of the duitara, besli, marynthing and others especially the traditional musical instruments of the Khasi people, which were made by Bah Dominik because they They are in harmony with the characteristics of the Jaitbynriew, from the customs, traditions, dress and traditions since ancient times according to stories.
The people are eager to hear what the Government has done on this issue, because we know that we are a State which is lagging behind in all these areas, so we are responsible and working hard, we will face a great challenge.
The meeting was held at the Hall of Riangdo Village. The meeting was attended by the Sordar and Secretary Shnong, Elders, Youth and others. to discuss and take the best decision for the eradication of drugs and many other evils in the community.
This action item will help not only meet clinical staffing needs, but also have greater equity in the distribution and placement of skilled clinical nursing staff throughout the State.
“We have opened the Rashtriya Kamdhenu Aayog in the budget and it has a budget of T.500 crore to look after the cow and various needs to take good care of it,” he said.
Khongwir entered politics by joining the HSPDP and was one of the leaders who took part in the revival of the United Democratic Party (UDP).
Bah Wanshan Kharkrang, Director of MSL, said that the tournament has been organized with the support of the state government since the beginning until now. He said that the tournament has been held in Garo Hills in previous years until the MFA takes this step in 2017-1 Ri-Bhoi, Jaintia Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
Tamil Nadu is another state that has decided to extend the curfew and the decision of Tamil Nadu is in line with the 11 states that have already decided to extend the curfew. village.
Speaking on the election, he said that all the candidates who are contesting against him as MLA are strong and as one of the candidates he does not want to count but to explain to the people so that once again he will regain the love and trust he had in
On the other hand, Samla Kyrshanbor Marngar, President of HYC Mawmarin urged the people to cooperate with the HYC in order to fight against the problems faced by the people.
Arunachal, who continued to tie, now scored 80 runs against Meghalaya's 137 runs.
According to police sources, the incident happened on the evening of 27th July while Albert Sohtun (29) was driving a Bolero pick-up (A/F) from R-Bhoi. When she reached Mawiong, she had an accident with a Maruti.
Later, the Supreme Court suspended the case.
The DEO also requests the public especially those youths who have reached the age of 18 years or those who will reach the age of 18 years on 1.1.2024 to contact the BLOs in their villages. You can come to the DC's office or use the Voter Helpline App or go to the Common Service Centers to register your name on the electoral roll.
At the same time, he said that 18,000 election conductors and assistants, drivers have been employed across the state.
Researchers have already explained that the coronavirus does not survive long in the air, and can be prevented easily, which means staying away from each other, especially those with a fever. to cover the mouth and head, to wash hands, not to shake hands and other instructions.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Vicky Syngkli Rangbah Shnong said that the Dorbar Shnong Iewmawlong since 2014 has decided that Khasi girls from the village will not be allowed to marry foreigners and the village will have no responsibility for them.
The heroin was seized in an operation led by DIG Assam Police Dr Parthasarathi Mahanta and ASP Kamrup Kalyan Kumar Pathak.
“Phet U Nimarson, Ampareen” in which Ampareen resigned from her MLA post and left the UDP just 16 days before the MP elections. “I was left alone in the struggle,” said John.
The search for land for the construction of the Legislative Assembly has been going on from Upper Shillong to Khyndai Lad, Barik, Taraghar and Nan Polok.
The time has come for the legislators to be more aware of the challenges facing Meghalaya.
The people expected the MLA to do something but now that the five-year term has ended, he has not done anything.
Therefore, the union urges the MLA of the area, Jiang Lahkmen Rymbui, who is the Border Area Minister of the MDA Government to immediately repair and improve this road without delay and not to wait until it happens. This is a sad incident for the people, because the destruction of this road is no longer good.
Two persons have committed suicide in a fish farm in Nangbah, West Jaintia Hills District.
The union has questioned the state government, the district authorities of East Jaintia Hills and the MSPCB who has authorized and written for Star Cement to obtain the environmental clearance from the Ministry of Environmental Clearance. Environment, Forest and Climate Change.
The Dorbar Kur Ryntathiang wishes to bless him, his family and his family and may God bless them throughout the ages.
“We are very sorry because we have educated our children in the hope of getting a respectable job but now we feel that the government has turned a blind eye to their demands,” said a father of the victims. on this Tuesday.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 15: Fourteen days after the government announced the results of the election, Bah Goldenstar Nonglong, who contested as the Congress candidate from 33 Rambrai Jyrngam, has not reached the polls. destination.
As soon as the Anointing is completed, Satan will be arrested and imprisoned.
These countries are in the north of Israel.
He said that according to the information he has received, no one has registered to contest the CEM election tomorrow.
This is not the first time that this has been done and the union has been meeting regularly and has sought information on this and said that until the land can be provided to these land vendors, it is against the right. The District authorities have done this without turning their attention to the construction of the new market in Musiang Market which has been in existence for many years. which should have housed the market vendors.
On the other hand, the BJP recently demanded that the Chief Minister should resign if he does not hand over to the CBI to investigate into the collapse of the dome of the new Legislative Assembly.
..."He stopped. "I want to know exactly why Kongthei Daplin came to our house against Lano..." said the mother. ruh... That person since I met you in the market I have changed very much... I don't like you.
And immediately he brought in one of the fish that was alive.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today informed the House that there are three contractors for the construction of the Science College at Mawphlang which has been divided into three groups. .
Don't be happy when you vote.
The Word of God says that when Satan was cast out of heaven, there was a great earthquake.
In this regard, Shira said that she has sent the question to the Transport Department and she does not know whether the question has been sent to the Legal Metrology Department.
“Bah George B.Lyngdoh, although you have left us without any question or information, we wish you all the best in your work,” said the Umroi office bearers. Youths Congress.
The Meghalaya Human Rights Commission (MHRC), Shillong, has received a complaint filed by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on the allegation that the 2nd Officer-in-Charge of Pynursla Police Station, The President of the HYC Riwar Mihngi Circle was arrested at Pynursla Police Station.
On the other hand, the Seng has urged the PHE department to find eco-friendly ways and means that will not affect the stability and balance of the soil.
Let us see what those feasts of God are.
On the other hand, Ma Pala said that the Congress leaders are more willing to contest again this time, despite the opposition of many Congress leaders in the 2014 MLA elections. However, he won on his own and if so, it shows that HDR Lyngdoh and John Kharshiing may not get tickets at all this time.
He said that this competition of MTS&CC is also a refresher for the students who have just passed various examinations last year.
The union also promises to the family members of the victim to be with them and to assist them in the police investigation into the incident. event.
During the seven-day protest, they said that the results of the Diploma of Elementary Education (D.EL) examination should be resolved. .ED) run by NIOS, has affected the teachers in SSA schools in the state.
Shanbor, 23, will compete against Arunachal Pradesh's Kumar Gurung in the Super Fly Weight 52kg category at Itanagar.
“The union has asked why the examination conducted by the Meghalaya Medical Recruitment Board should not be allowed. There are many youths from the state who have completed their studies in the field of Medical and this vacancy of up to 170 jobs will allow them to fill these jobs if only Meghalayans are selected. The State Government has opened the door to all Indians.
Marak is the leader of the Garo National Council (GNC) from Chokpot constituency in South Garo Hills.
to explain the purpose and to submit the reports of its activities to all the teachers which was held at Don Bosco Hall, Laitumkhrah Shillong.
SURE said that there are only 10 vacancies and those who need to take them have to provide only their name, address and phone numbers.
The Covid-19 Committee of RMEIA & RMTODA, which looks after the welfare of drivers, vehicle owners and traders, will hold another training session. The number of cases of covid-19 in India has increased.
During this three day Convention, the youth received many memorable speeches from their spiritual leaders such as Rev.Fr.Simeon. Sungoh, Rev. Fr. John Michael Marboh and other spiritual leaders.
“The churches have also been ignorant of the laws relating to women.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, these 17 new cases are from East Khasi Hills District alone.
Paiem Miwel Shadap passed away today (18th November 2023) at 9 pm at his residence in Umpowin Pdeng Village, Ri Bhoi District. and the sickness shall be healed for a while.
The war that we as a nation are facing these days is even within ourselves, that is, the involvement of young people in the evil habits of alcohol and other evils and bloodthirsty behaviour, and the enslavement to wealth and power who dare not even take the law into their own hands or oppress the rich and those who use it to buy righteousness and truth.
Martle said the KHADC receives the revenue through the share between it and the State Government but there is no clear figure on how much the KHADC should receive and share from all the revenue collected from the State Government. taxes on natural resources and other taxes that must be shared.
In 2011-2012, the export of hilsa to India reached Tk 3 billion, but in July 2012, the export of hilsa fish was banned.
In another report, Israeli women soldiers, who numbered only 13, killed 100 Hamas fighters in a 14-hour battle. the western part of the Gaza Strip.
