The awards were presented by Gaigongdin Panmei, Financial Adviser of NEC as the chief guest, in the presence of Sherry Lalthangzo, Economic Advisor of NEC as the chief guest. Nongrim Hills Bah Bantylli Nari and others.
During the celebration of Behdieñkhlam, the believers ask for the blessings of God for the good of the agriculture.
“I don't condemn the government's protests, but I condemn the violence because it is not based on the implementation of the shalyntem of the society in the khaddar rule.
“This shooting competition organized by St Joseph's is to preserve the name and reputation of Fr Sngi.
Among the films to be screened and released at the festival will be a new film by Indiana Jones, a film by Martin Scorsese and a film by Johnny Depp.
They say the time is too short.
The police just went and arrested him there.
The SPs and DCs need to train and strengthen such policemen otherwise they will become enemies of the people instead of friends especially at such times.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Lover Roy Lyngdoh congratulated all the teams who came to take part and said that as a youth of the area he has donated money to organize the event. The tournament is held with the aim of promoting the talents of the youth in the field of football in the area.
The Government of India, or the State Government, has spoken on many issues to help the people of the State, but it has been seen that all these speeches, pass through the banks and the banks these days, are only They, who have seen and heard the suffering of many residents, due to the corona virus, while government departments, are sleeping soundly and are in isolation or quarantine mode.
The project includes the Lower Terminal Point (LTP), which is proposed to be constructed at Forest Nursery Rait Laban with a length of 11146.96 sq.m and a height of 838 meters. Room, Ticket Room cum Office, Store Room, Security Room, Waiting Area, Public Convenience and Parking Area.
In the archery competition, the team of Assam has lost to the team of Assam in the recurve category and what remains now is the preparation for the title. won the bronze medal against the Nagaland team.
JSW Bengaluru Football Club Private Limited (JSW) has also launched this initiative to promote talented youth in the field of football.
Rijiju said BJP MPs from the North East had met the Prime Minister and discussed many issues, including the dispute between Assam and Mizoram. , in which they also submitted a petition to the Prime Minister, regarding the dispute between the two states.
“1.
On this occasion, awards were also distributed to the residents who took part in the programme.
So she had to do as she said.
He encouraged the office bearers of the WJDSA to work together with the union to find ways and means to improve the sports industry in the district and also to open the door for the players to lead in the tournaments and they are the greatest in the country and the world.
Lalit of All India Police was the first to defeat Pawan of Services in the Bantam 51-54kg category 4-3
However, Palak won the Rnong medal in the Youth category after Harnavdeep Kaur and Drishti.
This shows that they too have the head of the ksew, so nothing can be done about it.
If we examine these facts carefully, we can understand how much Ri Khasi has been attacked until the land surrounding Shillong has been taken over by the Government of India and now it has been destroyed by the Government of India. Defense/Cantonment land is located in the Government of India.
In a letter sent to the MRD, Mukul requested T.350 crore for the construction of the International Center for Arts and Culture, T.350 crore for the construction of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly Building, T. T.350 crore for the construction of the new Shillong Township, T.60 crore for the State Technical University and T.1500 crore for the Integrated Basin Development and Livelihood Promotion Programme.
The chief of Lait Iam, called Dei, was killed by the Mawphu, and the chief of the Mawphu, called Sohmen, was killed by the Laitiam, at Pomudei and Pomsohmen near Nongsawlia. they got their name from the death of these two men in battle and have remained to this day by these names.
Speech was also delivered by the Rangbah Shnong of Pyrnai, Bah Centreson Khongsdam, and the meeting was conducted by Bah December Khongsdam.
Rimiki Papeng has been arrested by the police and the investigation is ongoing.
Red Bull have now won all three Grand Prix victories in the new season, which is also a record for a team that has returned to the top and once again won the title. to the lympung of sports.
Shillong, March 27: The Judicial Magistrate First Class, Shillong on Tuesday sentenced three persons, Bishal Syiemlieh, Sanborlang Jana and Franklinton Mawlieh under section U/S 110(1). 1)(b) Meghalaya Police Act and fined T.5000 each for smuggling and possession of drugs at Khyndailad, Shillong.
In fact, the implementation of the NEP should have been brought to the Academic Council (AC) of NEHU but unfortunately no decision has been taken on it. In fact, the AC has decided whether to implement the NEP in the State from the 2023-24 academic year.
The medal winners were Rukini RT Dkhar who won the silver medal in the 60 MM U-14, Sibilda Maring who won the silver medal in the High Jump U-16 and Pringchang N Sangma who won the bronze medal. Anrisha Klein won the bronze medal in the High Jump Under
Shillong MP Vincent H Pala, who was also present to call on other Congress MPs to protest against the work of the BJP government, said that the reason for the collapse of the Parliament is because The right to get MPs and the people should think carefully to elect the right people.
Shillong, Nailur 23 : The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr LR Bishnoi today said that the police department has submitted its investigation report to the Ministry of Home Affairs on the misuse of the Assistant Inspector. General of Police (AIG) (A) and GK Iangrai seized 29 vehicles.
General Secretary Francis Dkhar and Shngainlang Dkhar, Finance Secretary Binis Dkhar, Treasurer Rosa Dkhar; Adviser, MH Dkhar and Emmon Dkhar and 15 other members of the Executive Committee.
London police on Monday said five people, including three children, were injured.
Today, 4,615 cases have been reported and 128 deaths.
Speaking to reporters at Shillong Press Club, the leaders of the KSU Mawlai Circle and also the leaders of various units of Mawlai, said that the reason why they cannot trust the The KSU Central Body has decided to expel the President of the Mawlai Circle, Donbok Kharlyngdoh and also to dissolve the Mawlai Circle.
The leaders of these four organizations, who left the meeting without speaking, included Ferdynald Kharkamni, President of KSU Ri Bhoi, Bah Bipul Thangkhiew, President of RBYF, Bah Lui. Star Lyngdoh, President of FKJGP, Bah Edilbirth Nongrum, General Secretary of HNYF and many other leading leaders of these four organizations.
“I don't know if my mother will drive you away,” said Rida, looking at him with her eyes closed.
Although the owner of the vehicle tried to search for the perpetrators, but could not find any trace, he lodged a complaint with the Dorbar Shnong Mawpat and lodged a complaint with the police. Nongmynsong Beat House.
The 84th UTT Senior National & Inter-State Table Tennis Championships-2022 started today at the Gymnasium Hall, University of Jammu, Baba Saheb Ambedkar Road, University of Jammu, Gujarbasti. Jammu and Kashmir and will expire till 27th October
In many cases, the public trusts it if the police report that they have arrested someone in connection with illegal activities.
The price of Amlarem is Rs.24.75 per liter. The new price has been implemented from 1st June 2020.
The DC and DEO of the district have informed that during the last MLA elections 2023, they have received many complaints on the allegations of political parties using children under the age of age in election campaigning, rallies, slogans and others.
“If we do that, our land will turn into a plain and the damage to the environment will be terrible”.
When they lie, they have to multiply the lies to cover the first lies.
Congress leaders Zenith Sangma, Winnerson Sangma and former MLA and current GHADC MDC Ismail Marak are still in the same house even after a while. 4 o'clock spirit.
The Leader must be a self-sacrificing person and must be a person full of love for all.
He worked as a labourer,” said Mohammad Ramzan Bhat, the father of the suspect.
Some of them were members of less prominent groups such as the Kashmir Global Council, headed by Farooq Siddiqui, and Raja Muzaffer of the JKLF, the statement said.
Speaking as the chief guest, Prasad said that Ford has produced up to 2000 vehicles per month in Chennai and Ford vehicles are selling well. The car dealership of Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar will be very busy.
The new Executive Members of JNC Nongkhlieh Circle are as follows:-
Shillong, the 19th May,
Nongstoiñ, Lber 4: The Fisheries Department of the Government of Meghalaya, under the leadership of AL Mawlong, MCS, in the presence of LG Marboh Kharmih, MCS, DB Kharwanlang, Joint Director of Fisheries, Meghalaya, Assistant Director of Fisheries, Bah PS Tariang, together with other officers and employees of the Fisheries Department, on 1st October 2024, opened a fish storage facility in Myrïaw village under Mawthadraishan C&RD Block, which has received assistance under the PMMSY 2021-2
The revenue collection gates have been opened like the titles of the rain until even the KHADC itself does not know how many of those revenue gates really belong to it.
"Dimas Delgado is a prominent player in India, especially when he played for Bengaluru FC under Carles Cuadrat.
It explained the four types of children's rights such as the right to life, the right to development, the right to protection and the right to participation.
About 36 passengers on board the bus were injured and taken to various hospitals in the city.
“The documents are still pending with the government and we will follow up on this matter,” said James K Sangma, spokesperson of the NPP. Condrad was one of the leaders to shake and destroy the Congress camp in Garo Hills.
Access to clean water is essential for human life.
It is learned that this household dinner was held to celebrate the 5th Anniversary of HANM under the leadership of HANM. bah Harbani Light.
Jha denied that the university has run off-campus outside the state.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has allocated T.7.50 crore for the construction of the Traditional Cultural Center at Kalong Bridge. Grace Mary Kharpuri asked about the construction of the District Council and the expenditure.
Education among consumers on these measures, especially in rural and backward areas is necessary so that consumers can benefit from these measures and become informed.
During these five days of his hunger strike, people from all over the country have come to encourage him day and night and the ground floor of the Additional Secretariat has become a place of prayer. and inspirational talks as well as songs from the youth to encourage.
The program was short and was attended by only the teachers who received the district award, scouts and guides and staff of the district education department. Speaking as the chief guest, Boro congratulated all the teachers who received the District Award for their services as teachers to distribute education to the children and build the future. yours.
Shouldn't patriotism encourage us all to take care of this environment because we have only one planet on which to live and leave a legacy for future generations? It is easy to talk to many intellectuals who come out with the words jail ja-um but when it comes to cleaning up the villages and townships or rivers, many of those who come out to work voluntarily are those whom we sin that 'picture.
Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, Dr Raghavendra Kumar MG said, “We received a tip at about 10 pm and sent the same to the PCR for sending fire trucks. ding”.
They also said that since the beginning of the curfew in the state, there has been no delivery of food items in these areas.
The Advocate-General of the state referred to the report of the Director General of Police (DGP) dated 3rd November, 2023 and stated that during the investigation, the police have arrested a person named Youdishthra Bhama, owner of M/S Kalyani Fuel Limited, Shallang, a coal factory.
Up to 90% of these witnesses are expected to be tourists from within and outside the country,” said Bah Paul.
The last enemy that shall be destroyed is DEATH.1 Corinthians 15:24-2
The absence of the Anti Defection Act in the District Council has undermined the value of governance in the eyes of the world.
This was announced by the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek in reply to a question in the House today on a question raised by Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
“The party has put forward the principles to contest the elections,” he said, “to bring about a clean governance, to bring about a Youth Policy which I as the Minister of Sports. and Youth Affairs.
The Indian Pangolin (Manis crassicaudata), which is listed on Schedule I of the Wild Life (Protection) Act, 1972, is under special protection in the country and anyone who kills or smuggles this animal will be punished. punishable by imprisonment for not less than 3 years which may extend to 7 years and a fine of not less than 10,000 to 25,000 rupees.
May the presence and grace of God support and strengthen them at this time and throughout their lives,” said the statement.
We must open the door for dialogue".
The release of this fund will help the states to provide assistance during the ongoing Lyiur season.
It was arranged that only three speakers will be allowed at the meeting including the candidate and only one speaker from the villagers who is also a supporter of the candidate and is not from the village office bearers.
The union also said that if the government does not listen to its demands, it will continue its protests and demands to convince the government.
It is true that all people have their own right to live or earn, but the lack of these people causes many problems and dangers to many other poor families.
He said that the SWLM focuses on cleaning up the garbage in the rural areas.
Speaking to media on Tuesday, Samla Ferdinand said, “In my research I found that 50 percent of the people with disabilities living in Shillong and surrounding villages which present many problems.
Sabalenka, who is also the Australian Open champion, should have won the top spot if she had won the title in Paris. Muchova's 5-2 victory in the third set against Muchova and the end of her career in the tournament after losing five games. the last of the competition.
On the other hand, the AICC leader said the government should not delay the implementation of the MRSSA 2016 which was passed by the previous Congress government.
He said this on the demand of the civil society and even some of those who claim to be UDP leaders who have not yet revealed their names because they are the ksan rympei rem dorbar that he should step down. Police have fired tear gas at the contract teachers on Friday while they were standing at the Secretariat.
Who are the Pharisees? They are a people who are pious, righteous, and separate themselves by their religious observances, by their rituals, by the sacrifices which Jesus no longer wants.
He said that these two leaders have been visionary and willing to speak on various issues for the people of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole. , although they are winning elections for the first time, they have shown and brought out their leadership skills.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has released the names of its candidates for the 2019 MDC elections. Toning Tyrsa from Nongstoin, Kisborlang Kharbani from Mawhati, Marki Mulieh from Jowai North, Dawan Lyngdoh from Mynsngat Khanduli, Herman Khonglah from War West. Shanbor Sumer of Barato Mukroh and Lakhon Biam of Nangbah.
This order will be in effect from 5 am on January 13 to 5 am on January
Meghalaya played hard but couldn't score until the end of the match.
According to police sources, at 12:45 PM, GNLA Area Commander Ajan Ch Momin alias Jimmy planted an IED bomb at a Wine Store in Williamnagar Market. Many houses were destroyed and 9 people were injured.
Aadhaar makers arranged by the DC's office will come to their villages according to specially designed programs and Aadhaar will be made for them and their children.
“I cannot say whether the government will appoint an inquiry.
These farmers in fact wanted these officials to speak in Khasi or to have translators for the language they speak so that they can understand but their wish was not so.
Some stood from the rooftops to watch the Procession.
The four women, whose names have not been revealed, are between 20 and 25 years old.
Some of the changes are like the Central Executive Dorbar, which has been changed to the Central Executive Body, because they are in the meetings of the Kurs which are appointed by the Central Executive Committee or the Central Executive Council.
Speaking to media, Dr War said the state government has already talked to the army departments to stop the arrival of troops in the state.
KSU Vice President Frederick Kharmawphlang announced the strike on Tuesday after a meeting on Saturday night.
You can't hide your sin.
SSA teachers ordered to stop strike.
Confirming this, Bah Batskhem Myrboh, spokesperson of the VPP, said that the party has allowed the elders from different constituencies who want to send the He said that after the elders have sent a letter, it is up to the Election Committee of the VPP to decide who will be eligible when the time comes. to announce the candidates.
However, as long as you are a woman, you are free bet to speak or do anything that destroys our society... Of course we respect women but it doesn't mean that we men should allow them to speak or do anything that destroys our society. I don't know what to do...I don't know what to say...I don't know what to say...I don't know what to say. message.
If there is still knowledge and understanding among the people, such crimes will never find a place anywhere.
So far, the NPP has announced 15 candidates for the 2019 MDC elections in KHADC, 11 of whom were announced in the first list and four more today.
On the other hand, Bah Thombor said that at present he does not need to build a railway line, but he added that if the railway line comes, there will be a change. spirit is not known.
The repeal of the Act, with effect from 1st June 2018, is a welcome decision, said Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Consultant of the North East Dialogue Forum (NEDF) in a statement today.
The Speaker's Office has moved the translation following the demand of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) after the dissolution of the dorbar last year, due to the opposition of the MLAs of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. the Seng on the Hindi speech of the Governor.
“We don't know about the talks between the party leaders and the MLA. However, our visit is to strengthen the BJP for the upcoming elections and to win its candidate,” he added.
Several demand letters in the name of the United People's Front of Karbi Long (UPFKL) were seized from the suspects.
“Ka Seng would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Bah Lambok Thabah and also to all the staff of 'U Nongsain Hima' newspaper for this victory. This victory will also be a great honor to all the media in the state and also as an encouragement to all the journalists so that they can continue to work better to improve for the service. “We all have our own contribution to make in the service of the Jaitbynriew,” said Aldrin Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Shillong. A hotel in U.P. (Agra) has committed suicide due to lack of money or food due to the outbreak of coronavirus.
This came after Myanmar warplanes dropped bombs in areas near the border with Mizoram.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi today met with the health departments of the Government of India to discuss the precautionary measures against the Coronavirus.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The University Grants Commission (UGC) on Tuesday announced that it has decided to open colleges affiliated to nine central colleges. Universities including North Eastern Hill University from the CUET (UG) 2022 have been allowed to admit students in the Academic Session 2022-23 as usual in previous years.
She became famous in the film industry by playing Princess Leia in the Star Wars movie.
This writer visited this area recently and found that the Khasi, Garo and Nepalis did not protest or quarrel, but they lived peacefully and fought at Langpih market and expressed their opinions. of their of works poor.
Up to about 2000/- per day, some parents are willing to help financially to get drugs for their children.
On the morning of 25th July 2024, a restaurant shop opposite the taxi stand in Motphran Jaiaw has suddenly caught fire. .
After the Minister of Social Welfare, Bah Paul Lyngdoh announced that Pynursla Village is one of the most drug-infested areas, the Village Leaders under the umbrella of the Federation of Riwar Mihngi Local Dorbar expressed their surprise and shock and prompted the group to seek clarification from the Minister on his announcement.
The President of TEA, Bah D.Malang and the members of the Association expressed their anger over the rude remarks of the two foreign workers and said, “We have given 24 hours to them to apologize immediately. but in the media.
How did they sign that MOU to welcome the Khasi-Jaintia villages to Assam? How can they claim that only they (MDA) can resolve the border with Assam after 50 years? We should be ashamed instead of proud.
Suresh Singh scored 39 runs but after Manish cut them off, Manipur started losing wickets and were left at 134/6
He said that there are also MDCs who have said that here in KHADC the same parties are not in the government, but why the government has not allowed the Governor to sign bills like Clan Bill, ILP Bill.
The Council has requested the Forum to cooperate with the Forum in order to provide information and documents on the Nongjrong Labang Nangphyllut & Pangam Raliang (Block-1) and the border areas with Assam. The Forum also pledged to cooperate.
After chairing the meeting, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma told reporters that the government will spend Rs 10 crore for the purpose of acquiring the 50 acres of land.
Pakistan have already stayed in the top flight if they can win 5-0 against New Zealand.
"We must reject this scheme of Satan, in which they do these things to themselves to achieve their evil purpose," the Pope said on the eve of the celebration of the World Day of Social Communications. to be held in January.
Shillong: When a reporter spoke to a Punjabi leader living in Iewmawlong to ask whether there is indeed an arrangement as approved by the Symbud Myntri Rangbah who is also the Chairman of the HLC. Shillong's Harijan Panchayat Committee Secretary Gurjit Singh, Shillong, has sent a letter to the state government in 2018 to look into the issues related to the government's plan to relocate the residents of the area. He said that there is no such thing and the minister's claim that there is a proposal to talk is just a lie.
Police sources said that on the 1st of this month, a team of MPUF led by President and General Secretary raided his shop in Ladrymbai and found that he was selling drugs. Instead of handing him over to the authorities, they demanded 1 lakh 20 thousand tyngka from him.
During these three days, the flag will be hoisted at half past five in all the offices of the state government and there will be no voluntary activities.
"We cannot force anyone to take the vaccine but it is their choice and the government is just asking people to take the vaccine," he said.
According to police sources, Sengbathson D Shir, Deputy Commander of ASAK, was involved in the kidnapping and murder of Vikas Kumar Singh, an employee of ACIO-II, SIB at Rongara in South Garo Hills district.
The union urges the government to increase the number of ventilators and two-level positive air pressure (BiPAP) in Mawkyrwat.
Since June 2022, the DRI has seized 1358 kilograms of heroin worth Rs 6670 crore in the world market, including 23.7 kilograms worth Rs 166 crore. only in parts of the northeast.
He said the problem arose because there was a misunderstanding between the health department and the owner of the land who donated to build the sub-centre.
Mizoram-ST: Shri Laldinmawia RalteNagaland: 1.
Luti Tuber Ïalong beat Lumpariat 1-0 in the Independence Day Cup Under-17 tournament held at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Bethany Hospital in Shillong and Nongpoh has been closed since yesterday and has been converted into a quarantine centre.
Shillong: “The land has not fallen under the jurisdiction of the Government of India,” said a statement issued by Bah W Anthony, Conver, SOMALA, Jaiaw Langsning.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Macmillan Byrsat MLA Nongstoin constituency, strongly criticized the Congress party which has ruled Meghalaya for decades.
On the other hand, Kynjatshai, who visited the polling station for the Sohiong Assembly Constituency, found that it went smoothly and the voters were able to vote. from 7.0 pm, which is the time of polling until the end of the polling period.
Shillong: Ka Sur U Paidbah Hynniewtrep, led by Bah HS Shylla, has expressed its deep surprise and regret over the insult to Meghalaya in the lack of funds.
Police recovered a bag containing two beer bottles filled with strong ignition chemicals.
The North Liberty Higher Secondary School, Jowai, has inaugurated the school at the residence of Dr. RC Laloo, Dy.CM, Mission Compound, Jowai.
At the same time, participants in various programs were urged to coordinate with the program managers as there have been some changes due to environmental disasters.
He also recalled that in the 2023 MLA elections, the campaign of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defense Minister Amit Shah in Tura had no impact on Meghalaya.
Like these incidents in the past, which happened in Darrang, whom shall we blame, the Police or the Sengbhalang or the village.
When asked whether the HSPDP and KHNAM want to nominate the former CEM, Titos said, “They have the right to seek information as the new EC”.
Although the temperature has dropped in the past few days which has saved the residents from the shock, there is still a threat due to the water shortage.
DC Kamrup has divided the Langpih area into three districts and the names of several Sabit Gangbura are:-- Bri Nongbah, Gangbura, Rijune Nongbah, Gangbura, Tyrngoh Hahshah, Gangbura, Thiang Kamiej, Gangbura, Tu Nonglang, Gangbura, Duwan Khamma, Binsing Khartongsu, Gangbura, Maw Nonglang, Gangbura, Gangbura DC Kamrup has also appointed Sabit Gangbura to the Garo, Rabha, Assamese in different countries.
Furthermore, the NHAI has admitted that the workers have been doing the maintenance of the road from time to time, but only in some places they have not done the maintenance. for many reasons including overflow of water from car washes, illegal running of water pipes and due to overloading of transport vehicles carrying goods from mines and overflowing of water from villages and townships that do not have adequate water supply.
Shillong, June 20: The KSU Umdohlun Unit and the Phlangmawprah Unit and the Langrin Youth Welfare Association (LYWA) have strongly opposed the proposal to build a road from Nongstoin to Mawthabah. They also promised to send a letter to the Central Government to cancel the project because the road is for the purpose of mining uranium.
Shillong, Jymmang 18: U Governor of Meghalaya, Dr.KK Paul has summoned the Legislative Assembly of Meghalaya to meet with him on the 7th October 2014 at 10 pm at the National Assembly. It is located in Rilbong, Shillong.
They have been charged under the Meghalaya Maintenance of Public Order (MMPO) Act, the SP said. On the other hand, the robbers tried to rob public vehicles and it was as if commercial vehicles were hit by petrol bombs.
Speaking on the occasion, Superintendent of Police, South West Garo Hills, Vikas Kumar said that those who are in trouble should respect their own lives and those who are in trouble should associate with their relatives.
Shillong: The Moopynieiñ Social Cultural and Sports Organization (MSCSO) has opened the 11th Cash Prize Knock-Out Football Tournament 2021 on the 16th of November at 1.00 pm.
On the other hand, Aisika Nongrum, member of the Pyndengrei Women's Association, said that this incident is very frightening especially to women. and heard only on tv but now it has happened in the villages and in the area.
The price of tyrpad is T.35 per kilo without wood and T.32 per kilo without wood.
Shewam took three wickets and Sumit took two wickets for Shillong Secondary.
He said that according to the Act, the government has to issue licenses to land dealers to operate their businesses.
Three MLAs, Ardent Basaiawmoit, Metbah Lyngdoh, L Rymbai, three CEMs, three Chief Executive Members, three from civil society and three from each political party. And Dr Mukul.
Earlier, Fr. Paul and the Vicar General congratulated the Don Bosco Media Network under the leadership of Fr. Michael Makri for organizing a religious song competition. for the Hebrews to show their talents.
You know that's the way we have to go about it and do it".
Srim Lyngkhoi from Mawrok said that other villages like Mawkhiat, Rynñiaw, Domkyrkoh and others which do not have roads, if there is a problem they have to carry a person and they had to walk for more than three hours until they reached the parking lot.
“In just over two weeks I was supposed to be back on campus.
Mawsyram C&RD Block Mawsyram is one of the oldest C&RD Blocks in Meghalaya since the Assam government ruled in
but whosoever shall speak against the Holy Spirit, it shall not be forgiven him" Mark 3:2
The District Sports Officer (DSO) of East Khasi Hills District today launched the Chief Minister Under Football Tournament for children under 12 years old. -12 District Level Open Football Tournament 2023 which started today.
The situation in KHADC has caused the people to lose their jobs because nothing can be done due to the lack of an EC to run the affairs.
Speech was also delivered by Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who said that the reason for providing an ambulance to the CHC was after receiving many complaints from the people of the area. Ri Bhoi Sepngi, who expressed their concern over the lack of an ambulance, which has caused them problems during emergencies and those related to illness.
Shillong: Members of the Achick Holistic Awakening Movement (AHAM) have damaged the paintings and drawings around the city.
“To be successful in battle all you need is to focus on what you are doing, work hard, trust yourself, persevere," he said.
Earlier, Siddaramaiah had strongly criticized Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath Shinde for saying that the Congress government in Karnataka would collapse after the Lok Sabha elections.
KHNAM urges the police to arrest the foreign shopkeepers and conduct a thorough investigation to find out the facts. “If you don't have anything to do with it,” said Bah Nongrum.
According to Rupang, a witness to the incident said that there were five people in the jeep.
Nongpoh: Up to 100 health workers at the Community Health Center (CHC) Umsning, Ri Bhoi, have received the vaccine against COVID-1 the COVID-19 pandemic.
A total of 27 persons have been dismissed from these PHCs and 13 persons are from the Hynniewtrep community.
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 17: The Joint Action Committee of the MPFWA and the Ri Bhoi Broiler Farmers Association (RBFA) have demanded that the Primary Progressive Multipurpose Cooperative Society (RBFA) and other societies should immediately stop the production of They have been involved in the production and transportation of dohsyiar in the state as a whole as this has severely affected their work as villagers.
Furthermore, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, Minister of Culture and Heritage, led the delegation to visit the Dhaka Central Jail where Tirot Singh Syiem is imprisoned.
Under the third issue, the Union Home Minister suggested to republish the Hindi dictionary by updating it.
These javelins, because they were easy to use and powerful, were called "Saint Javelin"
Dr Mukul said that this land scam shows the NPP-BJP's money laundering, before these scams had flourished in the state like Saubhagya, Smart Meter. , and the collapse of the dome of the Assembly.
However, they don't have vehicles, while the AIG in the DGP's office has parked the vehicles without using them.
Earlier, the Minister informed that the Secretariat Assistance and Domestic Assistance Allowance for retired Chief Justices is T.50,000 and for retired Judges is T.40,0
He said the drugs were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
He said that they hope to do well in the upcoming elections in order to bring about change in the state as a whole.
In one of these incidents, a woman took a loan of T.1,30,000 to pay a fraudster who claimed to be a soldier and promised to clean her and I gave my son a government job.
Shillong, Nailur, 03: The Union Minister of State for Culture and Parliamentary Affairs, Arjun Ram Meghwal on Saturday acknowledged the contribution of the freedom fighters of the State including the Syiem. Tirot Singh, Kiang Nangbah and Pa Togan Sangma at the closing ceremony of the program 'The Origin of Longevity' held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
They want to deceive us...let's go to the Lokayukta first,” said the VPP leader. MLA (` 10 lakh) which the people are entitled to, Bah Basaïawmoit said he does not want to talk too much on this issue but urged those who complain to go to the Lokayukta to proceed with the investigation in this regard.
Nongpoh: At the end of the 2nd HNYF Football Tournament, Pahammawlein 20Mer Football Club, Pahammawlein 20Mer Circle, has won the title after beating Kongripara. 3-0 in the final match which was played at Pahammawlein Stadium.
The DC also urged all the Waheh Shnongs to inform the Block Development Officers (BDOs) for the households who have been accommodated in schools or community halls, so that they can take necessary action.
The government has distributed this ration to every household in the state.
These include EGH: 4, EJH: 5, EKH: 77, NGH: 02, RBD: 24, SGH: 2, SWGH: 2, SWKH: 12, WGH: 20, WJH: 81 and WKH:
The match was interesting as both the teams were strong and equal in strength.
He also urged these students as they are the first groups of the department to take part in working hard because this is the era of struggle and only those who are skilled and hardworking. They are human beings, because everything that will happen in the future is in the hands of the students how they want to be in the future.
He said that this issue is very serious, therefore it is necessary to discuss it in a special forum where all the problems can be resolved.
Lucifer was no longer an angel of God, but became a devil (Satan), which means a rebel against God.
Nongpoh: Due to the rapid spread of Corona virus (COVID-19) has shocked people around the world, this has happened to the youth of the state and those who are students and those who working outside the state, have returned to their homes.
It is for this reason that many of the organizations that appear as titles and who have time to participate in these various patriotic organizations are unemployed and spend their time fighting. to the work of others.
The PHC does not have an MBBS doctor since the doctor left for further training.
John suggested that it would be better if there was an EC of all the parties to avoid the EC changes from time to time in the District Council.
[read page 5]
U Bah Phroi Sohtun, who has set a good example for the best, is known as Bah Phroi Sohtun, who, although at the age of 52 years old, is still smart. to go out morning and evening, for the purpose of clearing all the surroundings immediately adjacent to the place where he lives, regardless of whether it is anyone's property, but plainly cleaning all the rubbish himself.
Freezers, pyrla, fish boxes, cleaning areas have been installed in these fish shops to maintain cleanliness in these shops.
“In this regard, the Principal Chief Conservator of Forest (PCCF) has informed the KSU leaders that the security and investigation is ongoing and if necessary, the department will arrest the illegal residents of Mahadev Khola. Forest will seek the assistance of the Deputy Commissioner's Office and the Superintendent of Police's Office.
Teiborlin said that the village can provide more land if the government through the police department still wants to expand the land for the construction of the out post.
On 3/8/2022, police under the leadership of SI J Wahlang arrested Abdul Motalif, 21, and seized an Asus laptop from him. 2 HP laptops, 1 Dell laptop, 1 Canon Power shot SX430 IS, 1 Canon camera IXUS, 1 VIVO mobile phone.
Jowai: The Dorbar Shnong of Lumshnong village in East Jaintia Hills has expressed its strong opposition to the plan of Star Cement to increase its coal mining capacity from 9 lakh tonnes per annum to 25 tonnes per annum.
By Bah Philip MarweiñThe elections for the 543 members of the Lok Sabha of India are approaching, only four months left as of July,
Speaking to u SP News Agency, he said that he has already been appointed to the KHADC and holds the post of Development.
“Today's meeting is an urgent need for an apology from the government as the charge-sheet case is still pending,” said HNLC spokesperson Bah Sadon Blah, who is also the HNLC's chairman. president of the Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF).
The mind is the city, Honor and honor first to seek;
In his speech, Sanjeev Kongwang, Rangbah Shnong, said, “We understand that your donation is very valuable in terms of money, but because Your love for the village and all the residents of the village, you have not been willing to take out of your pocket and give to the people of the village, at such a time of crisis in the whole world.
Alexander Pope once warned us, "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread.
The child is currently in the custody of Mawlai Police Station for investigation into the incident and also to investigate regarding his Learner's Driving License even though he is under 18 years old. The license is 18 years old and this is very surprising.
Ma Kerlang explained the purpose of this program by saying that this is especially suitable for the rural areas as most of the families suffer from illnesses due to lack of care and hygiene. yourself personally and your environment.
Furthermore, other agricultural products should be imported by various food processing factories, so that it will be a blessing to the farmers of West Khasi Hills and the State as a whole.
"Such attacks will continue in the coming days," Salahuddin Ayubi, a spokesman for the party, told reporters. Shahbaz Sharif, a law enforcement official in Pakistan's province, said Khanzada's attack was related to the killing of Lashkar-e-Jhangvi (LeJ) leader Malik Ishaq.
“We have allocated three percent more than the Congress government has allocated to the tribals.
Milon Chandra Hajong has contested as an independent candidate from Balachanda constituency.
Not only that, but it was also reported that according to reports received from Balkh and Faryab on Saturday morning, it was found that more than 10,000 animals have died due to the of the heavy rainfall which has also brought severe cold in these cities in Afghanistan.
The CM said that if the opposition MLAs had sat in the House and listened to his reply on the last day of the Mangtyngka Dorbar, they would not have put any more votes. this is the same question from time to time.
“There were a few people who came just for the sake of congratulations and some also raised concerns.
Shillong: Two geologists were stabbed in the hand and their vehicle was burnt down while they were inspecting mineral resources at Mawtepiew, a village near Rambrai on Thursday. of the West Khasi Hills.
They also expressed that we can participate in society, governance and so on besides our duties as teachers.
A few months ago, he said that the employees of the PWD department had met with the Minister in charge of the department to convey their grievances but during the meeting he said that he had received information that the PWD department nothing has been done and there is no report in the office of the minister.
The song is composed and composed by Pascal Jarain, while the singers of the song include Belteshassar Lyngdoh Nongphod and Smillin Tynsong.
Shillong, July 19: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Tuesday signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the Dr YSR Educational and Welfare Foundation of Andhra Pradesh to provide training in the field of education. Technical, engineer, doctors and youth from Meghalaya and other states in the North East.
Lion Sports Youth Affairs beat Khimmusniang Sports Club by 16 runs in the Open to All Cricket Tournament
He said the demand is not because of the desire, but because of the need, the government as a mother should decide not only for the good but to decide for the right so that others should respect the land owners. without allowing foreigners to interfere, so that there may be peace and order in the whole State.
SCA were also aided by 44 extras, including 37 wides, conceded by their opponents.
However, after the dismissal of the contract teachers, these schools have only one teacher until they find it difficult to teach.
She also alleged that it is the reluctance of the candidates themselves to give money that the people will be reluctant to ask for money during the elections.
In the first half, these teams scored 3-3 goals.
Speaking of the Truth, we remember the story of the Watchman and the Old Man, in which a man who came to earth was walking through a field that he did not expect anyone to walk there.
O my brothers and sisters, my brothers and sisters, my brothers and sisters, let us remember that those who have already bought who are still alive.
This is part of the BJP's efforts to encourage the border troops who have been guarding the border of the country from the enemies for 24 hours without rest.
Because this bridge is very important as it is the nearest road to Shillong,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
They did not specify what they would use the money for.
Speaking to media, the President of the Seng Samla, Bah Samuel Biam said that the people of Mawlai have praised the government for its efforts to relocate the CRPF camp from Mawlai. They hope that this project will be successful so that the village will have a treatment center for those who are addicted to various alcoholic beverages so that they can return to a new way of life.
Shah concluded: “The people of Meghalaya believe that only the BJP can end corruption and bring about economic development in the state.
The implementation in the first phase is to provide shelters for about 15 species of animals, a shelter for visitors to see the animals, a tea room, an animal care centre, a feeding centre, a gate. and others.
But you don't need... where do you have the power to shoot.
If our foundation is strong, the time will come when opportunities will be opened to free us from the problems we face in society.
This mass protest is only in the North East, especially in these 7/8 states.
In Mizoram, the ILP has been implemented since 1987 but has grown rapidly.
“we have accepted them as special children who can study in public schools but they need special teachers," he said.
Bah Lyngdoh said that any new information, benefits and disadvantages go hand in hand.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, today wrote on Twitter that he held a public meeting at Rongjeng.
“Therefore, this work is being improved and the work is being looked after by the NHAI because this work does not fall under the jurisdiction of the state government but the central government. Regarding the road in Sonapur, he said that the Secretary has taken action and promised to inspect the road. street.
She said it is necessary to discuss this issue in Parliament and it is necessary for the MP of the Rajya Sabha to bring this issue as a Private Member Bill to be discussed in the Legislative Assembly. .
The deceased was identified as Urmila Saikia.
However, the beginning of the slowness of the Khasi language can be said to be due to the lack of responsibility by everyone, especially by the scholars who have completed their education in their own language.
The KSU also urged the law enforcement authorities to impose severe punishment and imprisonment without any bail against this criminal who has been a source of trouble in the area. it shall be a joy to the women and children who walk and stand.
The first bacteria infect the airways to the lungs and there they grow, they begin to affect the airways through the head and neck which causes difficulty in breathing.
Besides, police have also arrested a prominent party leader in the area, Jaynie Sangma.
Shillong, March 18: A 19-year-old youth named Bansuklang Lyngdoh has been arrested from the MDC Hostel of KHADC at Garikhana, Shillong.
Speaking to media, B Kharumnuid, one of the students who waited for the results, said that the High Court of Meghalaya has issued an order in the past few days, The state government has been authorized to announce the results of the examination but has not been able to appoint until the final order of the court.
NEIGHRIMS has announced that it will conduct an interview for the post of Junior Lab Technician on 19th October
Wanhun Dkhar, 35, was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 17-05-2021. He died on 23-05-2 Bhupen Kolita, 62, Upper New Nongstoin, WK Hills, was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 23-05-2 Excellency Tariang, 78, Umsohsun, EK Hills, was admitted to Civil Hospital Nongstoin on 22-0 Mon Bahadur Chettri, 70, of Bishnupur Kench's Trace, EK Hills died on 23-05-2021 in Civil. Womstar Kharbuki, 52, Mawpat, EK Hills, died on 11-05-2021 at Civil Hospital, Shillong. Rita Mary Kharmawphlang, 50, of Nongrah, EK Hills, was admitted to Bethany Hospital, Shillong on 23-05-2 Tyrshain Lamare, 75, of Moodop, WJ Hills, has died on 23-05-2021 at Nartiang. Phrangsngi Lyngwa, 50, of Forest Colony , EK Hills, Teldinora Kurkalang, 56, Mawklot Upper Shillong, EK Hills, was admitted to Civil Hospital Shillong on 23-05-2 Dilu Prasad, 82, of Raj Bhavan Shillong, EK Hills, died on 07-05-2021 at Civil Hospital, Shillong. Motlaitkyrpang Lyngdoh Nonglait, 30/Mna Kynshi Mawria, WK Hills, passed away on 23-05-2021Covid positive with co-morbidities Kharsyntiew, 78/Mna Mawlynrei, EK Hills A man, who died on 23-05-2021, was taken to Civil Hospital Shillong for treatment. Latona Kharrymba, 60, of Nongtyngur, EK Hills, died on 05-05-2021 at Nazareth Hospital, Shillong. Bronsibon Marboh, 71, of Nongrah, EK Hills, passed away on 23-05-2021 at Supercare. Bah Matheus Siangshai, 58, of Moolamanoh, EJ Hills, died on 22-05-2021 at Supercare Hospital, Shillong. Ior Sungoh, 55/Fna Nangbah, WJ Hills, died on 13-05-2021 at Woodland WK Hospital, Sabah, WJH. Chanchal Das, 48, of Chaklabasti, Ichamati, EK Hills died at home on 23-05-2021Covid-19 Positive Bina Shadap, 50, of Sookilo, EJ Hills Arlando Nongrum, 67, of Mowtyrchiah, WJ Hills died on 23-05-2021 at Khliehriat CHCK. He passed away on 23-05-2021 at Dr. Norman. Pristina Dkhar, 63, of Lawsohtun, EK Hills, died on 14-05-2021 at Dr. HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong. Rupak Sharma, 42/M, was admitted to Keating Road, EK Hills on 16-05-2021 at Supercare Hospital, Shillong. Sobitha D.Shira, 50, of Rongkhon, WG Hills, was admitted to Tura Civil Hospital on 22-05-2021 and died on 22-05-2 co-morbidities.
He said that 1500 villages which do not yet have these centers are now in the process of being rehabilitated under the Early Childhood Development Programme.
Shillong, Nailur 10: A group of political parties in the North East have demanded that the Indian government should increase the number of members in the Lok Sabha from 2 to 5 and 35 to 60 members in the Lok Sabha. to the east.
When the Jews disappear from the earth, the Arabs and Muslims will rejoice.
Shillong, Naitung 05: The Federation of All School Teachers (FASTOM) today decided to hold a protest near the Secretariat for the fifth day. to cancel all protest programs after the state government through the Cabinet on 05th decided to increase the salary of ad-hoc teachers by 9,000 for Higher Secondary and science and mathematics teachers, while 6,000 teachers from Primary School to Secondary School, said FASTOM Spokesperson Samla Mayborn Lyngdoh after the CEC members held a meeting to discuss the matter.
He said that the Rangbah Shnongs of the Nongtung raid have agreed to come to Meghalaya. “We all want to be with Meghalaya except for a few villages. those who have been educated and those who have been employed in Assam want to go with Assam,” he said.
He sent many Nongsyntiat to observe the movements of the French in their camps and to bring information to him.
She has also won many races and has now been invited to compete in the Master Athletic Championship Meet 2019 to be held in Goa this month.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 589 new cases have been confirmed and 6043 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
The Chief Minister said that to prevent the spread of covid-19 in the state, the cooperation of the people is needed to follow the guidelines issued by the government.
Speaking at the 25th Anniversary of the Central Puja Committee (CPC) and the Nepali Puja Committee at the Sri Aurobindo Institute, Shillong on Saturday, Mukul Sangma said: He said that the CPC has taken steps to bring together all religions as part of building society.
"I would also like to remind the Minister of Health and Family Welfare that the State Government has paid us a fxed honorarium of T.2,000 after the abolition of the ABF/MBBS, which has not been cleared at all yet. many many years," she added.
According to War, the incident was not due to the negligence of the MUDA employees who were building to install home pipes underground to transport water.
Model! These 40 Gram Sevikas have passed on merit and many others have lost their lives because they have nothing to do with politicians.
Umpling's winning goal came from Madanryting's Ashok Rana in the 12th minute.
It is learned that since June 2022, the principal has been involved in illegally charging doctors without providing any receipts.
He said that the lack of Service Book makes it difficult for the ministers of the department to appoint at will.
However, it is suspected that the driver of the bus suddenly fell ill when he arrived at the scene.
All three in their speeches, urged and urged everyone to avoid drug abuse.
Speaking to media, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, said that after the HNLC has sent a statement to the media on the proposal for peace talks, The government has taken action on this issue.
“When Kiang Nangbah was hanged by the British, his head turned east, as he had foretold and we got independence from the British,” he said.
“Of course, we are happy that we have been able to move forward with the resolution of this issue which has been going on for 50 years, but we don't know how that resolution has been carried out. Before taking the report to Delhi, it should be posted on the websites of the state government so that the people, intellectuals and public leaders can give their opinions before preparing the report. finally to take him to Delhi.
He called upon the scholars in the universities to investigate and research more on the Sixth Schedule so that it can enlighten the people.
There are 16 groups that parade and salute the chief.
They also demanded that while the implementation of the Odd Even Traffic Rule has not been suspended, in these areas, the drivers should keep their vehicles on the road.
On the other hand, the BJP and its supporters claim that no one can form a government without its support and blessing.
HDR Lyngdoh said that during a 15-minute meeting with Siddara Maiah, he expressed his readiness to provide land.
In these events in history, when we look at all the ethnic groups, the most affected are the Khasi.
He said that the percentage should have been fixed at 30% but in the discussion it was fixed at 24%.
Seven mobile phones, 6,87,150 tyngka, 60 thyrnia and 25 empty tins were seized from them.
We don't know why he has refused to say anything about Manipur.
The final quarterfinal match will be played on 19th March between Byndihati SC and Tpepswer SSWO. Shangpung Lumiawmuchai beat Khimusiang 3-2 on the opening day of the Super Division Football-U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy. Shangpung Lumiawmuchai took the lead by three goals in the first 13 minutes of the first leg of the tournament.
However, they need to reach the remote areas of the Khasi and Jaintia Hills, of course they have to work but the task is very difficult for them,” said Rakkam.
From the first day we have explained that we have to follow the rules and regulations laid down by the central government, we have given them time and they have extended the age of appointment for them and now we have I'm going to fight for the MTET once again so to say bad or bad is not true"
When inquiring about the matter, Rupang has received information from several Congress leaders, who have admitted that the Congress MLAs who are against Dr. Mukul Sangma are in the middle of the paid, but the remaining They said that they cannot get a suitable leader to take over the post of Prime Minister. They said that these MLAs now don't want Bah DD Lapang to take over the post of Prime Minister but they want him. another leader.
One fan wrote, "Nice to see them back in this new music video".
He stressed the need to get rid of the mindset of slavery in order to develop like other great powers.
The Syrian army took control of the southern part of Quneitra in mid-2018, and only five years later the rebels took back control of the area. part of Syria to this day.
JACATAM is the umbrella of all 10 non-government school teachers in the state from Lower Primary to Higher Secondary Schools and Colleges.
New Delhi: India has reported 2,73,810 new cases of coronavirus in the past 24 hours, with 1,619 deaths and 1,619 deaths. 1.5 crore and 1.78 lakh deaths.
There will also be many issues to be discussed at the Dorbar for the 2015 term.
The Court ruled that the expansion of the airport was necessary and that the land, which had already been acquired, should be handed over to the airport authority without delay and that the land should be handed over to and the soldiers did the same.
K.Borah, was entertained by dances and songs by the students.
She said that since 3rd March, the disease has started spreading in parts of Garo Hills and the health department has already tested 77 people.
“We don't want to go, we don't want to go, don't go, don't go.
“The letter came at the right time and the Minister of Education has made it clear that all colleges can continue to admit classes as they do so far, which means that CUET will not work faithfully,” he added.
The cycling race was held in Mawlai Mawroh, Golf Links, Polo, Nongmynsong and other places and ended at SAN-KER.
It was in Nongstoiñ that the ban on smoking in public transport was first implemented, while in East Khasi Hills, it was not implemented.
“All these problems in these border areas show that the authorities of these himas, whether they are Sirdarships or Syiemships, do not have a strong authority in the Khaddar administration and perhaps it can be also that they do not have the necessary documents to confirm which part of the land falls under their jurisdiction.
Therefore, in the midst of such cases and in the midst of the shortness of time and the unknown what can happen, all these things may happen.
Shillong, June 12: The order of the Chief Minister of India and the acceptance of the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States of India to make Hindi a Compulsory Subject up to Class X in schools has shown that the National Education Policy (NEP) of the country.
He added that if the border settlement with Assam goes to the other side, the people of Meghalaya will face many problems.
The program started with a visit to the Base Camp Manebhanjan at an altitude of 2134 meters above sea level, then through Meghalaya to Tumling and Jawbari on the India-Nepal border. , from this place you will leave to go back to San-Dak-Phu which is one of the places where you can see the Mt.
When asked about the video of a woman selling drugs on GS Road this morning, Prestone said he had no knowledge of the incident.
Meghalaya scored 69 runs in the second innings but were beaten by 117 runs when Divyansh Rajput scored the wicket in the first innings.
With the help of these cameras, police conducted a search operation across the area and found the RJD leader and arrested two kidnappers.
Precious time of childhood,Once again I want you;But I know I can't meet you again.
These participants will have to stay in Kerala from that date until the end of the Asian Continental Championship.
It may be recalled that a few days ago, the UDP had announced that it will contest in all the constituencies in the GHADC MDC elections to be held on 12th March,
“To witness this strength of the supporters, today many of the elders have come forward to give their strong support even though in the midst of difficulties as leaders they have stood up to fight,” he said. He said that with the hard work of the new President together with Bah Medalsing Lyngdoh and his followers, they will be able to raise the flag of Singh in
Nongstoiñ, July 26: Meghalaya Health Minister Ampareen Lyngdoh has visited West Khasi Hills to inspect various hospitals in Nongstoin including the MCH Hospital in Civil Rim. The Minister also held a special meeting with the TB Hospital in Nongstoin, the Civil Hospital in Nongstoin and others.
Before moving to Calcutta, his brother, Hookerphuh, had attended the Scottish Church College.
The turnout has dropped to 3.11 per cent from 87.97 per cent in the 2013 MLA elections.
During the raid, the Enforcement Police of KHADC found that many of the shops from Byrnihat area and Pilangkata village did not have proper documents from trading license to and found that the shops were illegal without providing the necessary documents.
“Let me go and I'll be able to walk again,” said Kynsai.
It's the only right way that can fix all the wrongs".
The city has become overcrowded which has created challenges for economic development and services.
Leicester City are third with 20 points and Chelsea are fourth with 20 points.
Three nurses have already received their visas and two left for Japan on 27th January while the others are waiting for their visas.
Are you a living or dead creature? Can we say I am free from pain? Before speaking or looking at anyone, we should think carefully before we leave.
The names of the children are Sudhir Sahani, Gavineal Marpna, Josiah Momin, Waldo A Sangma and Mritunjay Bharali. Debasis Mohanty and met recently in Guwahati at a meeting of the North East and Bihar Zonal Committees in the presence of Chairmen and members from the states of the U-16 selection committee.
Shillong: The BJP is likely to leave the NPP-led government within six months, said UM Chuba Ao, vice-president of the party. Meghalaya, today.
Shillong, March 28: A fire has destroyed 84 temporary shops in Shyllong Market, Laitumkhrah on Thursday morning at 4:00 pm.
According to the health department officer, the central government has already promised to expedite the work for the establishment of a medical college in the state.
He said that these people came in the form of contractors but now they have brought their children, their relatives and their tribes and they have started to build villages and now they have been there for several years and they feel citizen.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the Seng Khasi Mawlai.
People in the world don’t have time to love their fellow man.
Even after 50 years, the demand for the preservation of the environment remains the same.
Please take immediate steps to implement these Blocks for the convenience of the beneficiaries.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) has demanded that the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma should challenge the charges against the driver of a Mahindra Max for attempted murder. tyngkhuh in your car.
About 10 EVMs were malfunctioning and have been replaced.
We have had the opportunity to talk and discuss with the village leaders to explain that this disease can be cured with cooperation,” said Bah Hek.
However, during this period, there was a split within the party and in 2010-11, another rebel group was born from the ANVC, the ANVC-B. The newly formed party has signed a social peace agreement with the government, and since then the agreement between the two parties and the government has been strengthened.
"Shisha you should do that..." said Deisy.
Therefore, to start your own business, we understand that first of all, you need the skills to learn how to work or run a business.
Shillong: BSF troops of 193 Bn, in collaboration with Meghalaya Police, have seized a bus and seized a large quantity of clothes and sugar. It is located on the border of East Khasi Hills District.
At the same time, they also promised to provide the best service to the Elaka especially to the children of the Raïot so that they can develop in all aspects.
Nongpoh, June 02: In preparation for the 2023 election in the state, the PDF party today started confirming the leaders of Mawhati Constituency. Roswel Shadap will be the PDF candidate for the 2023 election from Mawhati Constituency.
Before she married Mod, Avril had a relationship with rapper Tyga.
Four persons were arrested after a young woman lodged a complaint against them on charges of rape.
The GSU demands that an inquiry should be conducted and punishment should be conducted according to the law against the officers and persons involved in choosing such a place, said Zikku Balgra N Marak, President of the GSU. .
The program will be held at Pearly Dew School, Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong from 1 pm.
The District Social Welfare Officer Ri Bhoi District, in collaboration with the District Sports Officer and the Meghalaya Home Guard and Civil Defense Ri Bhoi Division, on 26th July celebrated the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit. Trafficking in Nongpoh, by conducting various programs including public marches and public awareness campaigns to help people understand the impact of drugs in the society.
SSA teachers in Assam who teach under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan (SSA) on a contractual basis receive their share of the 7th Pay Commission and benefits such as Medical reimbursement of up to
With this victory, Lajong have scored three points from the first match of Group-B. Lajong will prepare for the second match against Diamond Rock on Sunday. 9 date) at Balaghat, Madhya Pradesh.
Only 3/4 days have passed since the Independence Day but no signs have been seen in the media on the date of the opening of the new district in Mairang.
So Abimelech took Sarah and said that if she was Abraham's sister, he would have sexual relations with her.
Rijied was admitted to the Civil Hospital on 23rd November 2020, where he was diagnosed with Covid-1
Shillong: Rangdajied United FC beat Langsning FC 4-2 in the Shillong Premier League on Saturday.
Minister A.Shrieh4.
Up to 800 participants from 14 years to 50 years old took part in the race.
Police have recovered the body of a woman who was suspected of being murdered by her husband in a village in West Jaintia Hills District.
On the other hand, Bormanding Nonglang said that Prestone Tyngsong came to Rambrai and had already announced that the NPP has won 33 seats without casting votes.
Nongpoh, Naitung 14: Members of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) have attacked the workers of the Railway by damaging the machinery working at the site. The arrest of the KSU members has caused many riots in the district which has affected the peace and order in the district.
Only the same father and the same mother are brothers.
The Secretariat has been closed in the seats of Ministers and MLAs as many NPP MLAs have gone to attend the National Committee Meeting of the NPP in Delhi.
Rupang spoke to the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Process T Sawkmie, to express his views on the CEM's remarks. He said that in fact the CEM intends to criticize him and Grace by publishing their names, but when you listen carefully to the meaning of these words, they show that he is saying the right thing. “With the blessing of the Congress, the work will go smoothly, and this will happen soon,” said Process, “because within the PDF there is also a Congress party with which they work together.
The theme of this year's celebration is "Courageous Young Christians", based on the Book of Joshua Chapter 1 verse
In another development, ULFA leader Arabinda Rajkhowa, who is currently in peace talks with the government, addressed a public meeting of the AASU today and said that the ULFA will will not allow the implementation of this Act in Assam.
Police said that the sleeping bags should have been handed over to Saha at a place under Jengjal Police Station.
Dr Sangma said the government is still considering whether MeCEL should reduce its losses to 30 per cent.
Luan, who has become one of the best players in South America, joined Corinthians in 2020 but has not been able to showcase his skills with the Sao Paulo club.
He said that once the project is completed, the implementation will start.
The purpose of this program is to increase the addiction of the youth to drugs which has become a major enemy of the society.
Blessed be you too and you will be blessed.
Meghalaya Governor Tathagata Roy has spoken on the protests against the Citizenship Amendment Act 2019 (CAA) and the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state. .
Regarding the affidavit, the Muktiar of the complainant wrote that he has received a copy of the affidavit sent by the State Government and informed that he needs some time to look into it. and if necessary, he shall write an affidavit.
Pynhun Saring and Lestar Thongni were taken to Langpih by Meghalaya Police from Boko Assam Police Station. Lestar Thongni was taken to Nonglang PHC for treatment while Bah Lestar Thongni remained in Langpih without coming to Nonglang PHC. He was arrested and shot dead by the Assam police.
“(She promised) to meet with the officers of the Union Health Ministry to resolve this issue and to request that all the applicants from the state should have the opportunity to write the examination at the Centers in the state. " he said, informing the Minister's statement.
“We have decided to consult with the experts whether it is necessary to send for a review on this issue.
Even the milk will not be found anymore.
In an interview with Batesi TV on July 15, she tried her best to clarify what she had done.
“The government will issue an announcement soon on this,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
It is on the basis of these achievements, which she has benefited from through the National Rural Livelihood Mission, that the Government of India has allowed her to speak to the Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, who has asked her about the The Government of India through the Prime Minister has launched the National Rural Livelihood Mission.
According to Kong Warjri, the killers were wearing pajamas.
Support Sumer (coach & judges).
On the other hand, the KSU has expressed its anger over the information that Conrad K. Sangma, the Chief Minister of the State, has phoned the Minister of Home Affairs of the Union Government instead of calling Conrad has requested to bring 3 battalions of CRPF and 2 battalions of BSF to the State.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Central Armed Forces (CAPF) has invited applications for recruits, said the Inspector General of Meghalaya, Ftr BSF, Sh.
Then many of the khong iongi were cleaned and many were pure and omitted.
Brazil's president on Saturday said the United States must stop encouraging the war in Ukraine.
Thousands of residents of Jowai and other villages came to witness this annual Sukra festival.
This money is the public money for the repair and maintenance of the Nongstoiñ-Maweit road, according to the NGT guideline.
Jowai, July 11: Police of the Excise Department, this evening raided a clothing shop in Wah Nangbah, Jowai (Kyndiah Building) and seized about three boxes of Kyiad Phareng. -law.
One of them is to calculate the total number of power meters, light supply and transformer per month.
She left for relief on 29 June.
Shripad Naik tweeted, “I have been tested today and it is a disease that has not shown any symptoms.
Shillong, Nailur, 11: Four out of seven robbers who escaped from the District Prison & Correctional Home, Jowai, on Saturday were killed in a shooting incident at Shangpung village. On Friday, a forest belonging to the Forest Department on the border of Muthlong and Shangpung villages, West Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the teachers will hold a strong protest to demand their rights in the coming days.
Pasqua Lamare, who helped to judge the competition, said that although there was not a single cook who cooked meat, but because the food was delicious, it was not understood that there was no meat.
Four years before the incident, Lykins had suffered the same incident after her two-month-old son died in her sleep. She said that she shouldn't have slept with her firstborn son in the bed she was sleeping in because she couldn't think.
After the meeting, the Minister also visited Mawkawah Anganwadi Centre, Sibsingh Memorial Government School Nongpyndeng and Mawlieh Sub-Centre.
The HYC led by the President of Shillong City, Bah John Lyngdoh, while speaking to reporters, said that the freedom of foreign shops is a stingy act on the part of the district. council, without looking into the matter and on the other hand, the NOC issuers take stingy on the status of foreigners.
Attempts were made to contact Hadrian Lyngdoh but could not be reached.
Nine wrestlers from the State have participated and only two have reached the pre-quarterfinal, but have lost.
On the other hand, the HNPF urges the government and the DTO office to punish such a person who is willing to do so much besides Wanris who is a law enforcement officer.
Besides, he encouraged the students in the state to try to farm at home and at school.
“The BJP leader said that the party in the coming years will nominate its own candidates for the Lok Sabha elections in the state.
And the vision today is very different from the past because of the growth of information technology (information technology) almost all of us see this influx of tourists to this country and the state. and our regions as one of the main sources of income, and to exchange knowledge about the environment, the presence of trees, plants, wildlife, mountains and rivers, customs and traditions and even culture in particular, besides religious beliefs, the types of occupations and the production of the occupations we do whether in agriculture or handicrafts, and so on.
“The government has released and I am looking into the necessary documents,” she said.
After Thomas Jones could no longer tolerate the violence of the English, he reported their crime to the authorities.
However, it is surprising that the month of November has not yet started.
“I am pleased that we have reached this point to take the decision to open this academy in India, with the cooperation of and FIFA, along with Arsène Wenger who has played a major role in the efforts to achieve this.
For the required documents and other details, please contact the office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong and the Rangbah Shnongs of these villages.
The appointment of casual workers in Committees/Councils and others should be suspended immediately until the State Government comes up with clear policies,” said the Seng in the petition.
Fourthly, to set up a Fast Track Court in every district to expedite cases of violence against women. Fourthly, to set up an Internal Complaint Committee in all government offices and the office of the Deputy Commissioner. In order for women who have been raped to complain, the fourth demand is to disseminate information to the villages in collaboration with the village authorities against violence against girls.
Therefore, the people cannot be sure of the truth, where to trust and where to turn away from such people, until it can encourage the people to accuse or kill the innocent.
Shillong: Mansa Najiar, 12 years old, has received the Young Author Award 2023 and is one of the youngest children to be recognized as a writer.
Nurul Huda, who was arrested on charges of involvement in the case, has been charged with drug trafficking and has been charged under the provisions of the NDPS Act.
He said that the reports that there is a shortage of fertilizers among the farmers is another issue that the government and the agriculture department should take action to resolve immediately.
Meanwhile, James Ban Basaiawmoit, MDC Mawkhar, said that at this time when the nation is in the midst of a crisis, if we don't support Pynshngaiñ, it is like supporting Mukul Sangma. “It's like we've been thrown at Mukul Sangma,” said James Ban.
The College invites the public to attend this discussion.
Jowai: U MLA of Jowai Constituency, Bah Wailadmiki Shylla on Tuesday distributed agri-tools and farm machinery to 12 IVCSs. at the meeting held at Tyrshi Inn, Khliehtyrshi.
Then the child died; sometimes the mother dies and sometimes the mother and child die.
Do you smoke shisha? Have we not lost the owners of the land of Hynniewtrep when hundreds of tourists come every day especially on Saturdays and Sundays?
After the counting of votes in Sohiong, Bah Synshar Lyngdoh Thabah has won by 3422 votes against former MLA Samlin Malniang.
Therefore God has already confirmed by saying – “I have redeemed you even though the Israelites did not know it, God says more and more – “You are mine”.
It is learned that before reaching Umling, 3 or 4 pick ups and trucks were carrying only 9 tonnes of coal. The coal transported to Assam reaches 25 tonnes per truck without paying tax to the government.
The Commission has directed the Deputy Superintendent to submit a report on the backlog of cases against the prisoners in order to allow the Commission to refer these cases to the Legal Service Authority for expeditious hearing.
Moreover, through this Act, it is also prohibited to carry weapons such as rifles, pistols and other weapons until the end of the election. All those who have licenses such as rifles, pistols and other firearms should deposit their weapons at the Police stations within 14 days from the date of implementation of this Act.
He said the split of the Congress party shows that even the President of the MPCC is no longer qualified to hold the post of leader and they have not yet been able to elect a new president.
Jowai, July 25: The West Jaintia Hills District Police in collaboration with the Seiñ Kynjai today celebrated the Day Against Drugs. The International Day against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking was held today at Panaliar Community Hall.
Referring to the rules, Thomas said; “Likewise, to implement these rules, I have withdrawn these allegations made by Mukul Sangma from the debate in the House as they are against the rules.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 63 cases and in Ribhoi, there are 21 new cases.
“There are some political parties who continue to speak in the wrong way and cannot understand Khanapara,” he said.
Shillong, Nailar 3: The Chief Executive Members of the Four Villages Union of Darrang, Lymba, Kongwang and Dawki after receiving a letter No.JHADC/MASF/10/2013/81 dated Jowai, On the 1st of November, the article was about the sale of the Wah Umngot.
They can call these numbers to inform them of the need.
The office of ruler is holy according to what God Himself has given from the beginning, and before a person takes an oath he must swear before God.
He said that there are many changes in the environment which can affect if they do not do anything to take care of and protect the environment.
It is said that when the sohpieng saw was ripe in this area, the beautiful girls of Raliang and Khonshnong persuaded Thong to climb and harvest sohpieng along with the words of love and biria.
According to these scientists, this disease will spread to many people.
They are able to change according to the political changes in any state or country.
“Through these tablets I believe that you will be able to do well in your studies so that you can pass well in the examinations,” said the MLA. A special program that is not held in schools outside the city is known as the Investiture Ceremony.
However, instead of stopping, the truck accelerated and fled the scene.
Hard work is ongoing to build roads and bridges in different parts of the state.
Leaders of the Meghalaya ASHA Workers Union including M June Myrsing, President of Mawshynrut ASHA Workers Union, Kyntienmon Nongshlu, President of Mawshynrut ASHA Workers Union Bah Sally Rashor and ASHA workers from Aradonga.
“I try to create golden opportunities as the coach has taught me.
He said the HFU has been fighting for the farmers since 2016 after reviving it which has been lost since
Goa's Gross State Domestic Product (GSDP) in 2022-23 (at current prices) is estimated at Rs 91,417 crore.
India will play their first match against the Maldives on 29th July followed by their match against Sri Lanka on 30th July.
Shillong, Nailar 17: Two bodies of two youths, who died outside the state, have arrived today.
The SDO of Amlarem Civil Sub-Division has been informed that the bomb blasts have been carried out on both sides of the river, part of which falls under Pynursla. Civil Sub-Division and another part to Amlarem Civil.
“The election to become a member of the NCW is a recognition from the Central Government and it is not a mere election but a strict rule where she has to go and deliver speeches on various issues. different in the last three years," she said.
The race also received the support of many stakeholders to encourage the participants to give their best and to instill the Olympic spirit to reach the goal, friendship. and also to respect the game in a clean way.
When I express my opinion above, I don't mean to say that the words of other Khasi-Pnar dialects cannot be inserted into the sentences of the Sohra Language in relation to institutional learning and correspondence/notings/scriptures.
In November 2022, Mizoram Chief Minister Pu Zoramthanga wrote to Amit Shah to remove Chief Secretary Renu Sharma because his MLAs do not understand Hindi and some do not speak English.
The committee will include representatives from both the States and also from all the ethnic groups living on the border.
Jowai, Naiwieng 26: East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts most affected by the deterioration of roads, said the KSU. Ladap Satang has been affected by the snowstorm along the NH4
Police have stepped up security, especially at the President's venues and have also searched the crowd to ensure that nothing could disrupt the President's visit.
The group of MLAs has already decided to hand over to the former Chief Minister, Salseng C Marak to take over the post of Chief Minister.
The big question before the Chairman and the Committee is, “How can a Minister of State who holds the post of Interior Secretary suddenly become rich? Later, the investigation was successful and it was found that Albert Fall, who was the Interior Secretary, was involved in corruption and was punished and imprisoned.
Khliehriat, July 11: Speaking at the confirmation meeting of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU), Bah Treibor R.Suchen, the General Secretary of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) on Tuesday said that the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) stands to demand from the government. East Jaintia Hills District, which is the district that generates the most revenue for the government and the state as a whole, has been left behind by the state government in all aspects. .
There were also politicians who advised me that in politics, if you cannot win, join them.
Dr Mizanur Kazi, Congress leader from the area, said, “This attack was unprovoked and showed the power of the NPP. A man named Hasan Ali, had a sudden stone thrown at them.
There is no need to clean the car all day long in the middle of the river.
In 1840, the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Missionary Society severed its relationship with the London Missionary Society.
Pyniaid said that on his part, it doesn't matter if the VPP wants to lodge a complaint but they can't establish the grounds because in the evening they have been able to photograph the rioters. while the NPP campaign rally was going on.
That forced him to leave the parable even though he didn't want to speak clearly.
The MDC is J Treilang Suchiang, MDC of the JHADC.
I will not be afraid, though I walk in the valley of the shadow of death.
We human beings because we are rich and wealthy don't have enough, if we know it won't bring us harm and poverty but we human beings spend the wealth we get from it, we don't know how to spend it, We spend a lot of money on entertainment, entertainment and colours, this is what we are doing really affects us now like for example a person who owns a coal mine or a quarry, this person if he knows how to but if he doesn't know how to spend money, he does everything, he doesn't eat enough, this wealth he has can be lost and this affects him. The environment is not only for us, and we human beings are now digging and exploiting its resources and this has brought about the shortage of the environment and us now, the first shortage is about the water that this brings.
Answer me, my beloved friend.
There will be clashes between those who wear masks and those who do not.
Earlier, Adelbert said the amendment to the Lokayukta Act, 2021 has affected the functioning of the Lokayukta in the state by changing the number of members of the Lokayukta. Lokayukta and judicial benches which are no longer in agreement with what has been introduced from the beginning.
In the second innings, Kishan Lyngdoh scored 34 runs and Jaskirat Singh Sachdeva scored 19 runs.
The Lukha Festival was inaugurated by Ma Hopeful Bamon, former MLA and Co-Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board.
The HYC Umpung Area Unit also urged the SSA authorities to take action on this issue.
The speakers at the meeting denied the allegation by the Seng Khasi that the police have sent police to their leaders who allegedly broke the foundation stone and the sacrificial fields but he said that on the 24th the residents were who know man, know God, who respect religion and do not interfere with the religion of the Seng Khasi.
The more intelligent children of the farmers understand that if the house they live in or the road they walk on is damaged, it can be improved by repairing it. an.
The meeting was conducted by Bah NL Marshiangbai Vice President and a detailed explanation was given by the President Bah HM Marbaniang on the objectives of the meeting and the activities that have been carried out through the support of the meeting. They were Bah B.Nongbri Convener of Teachers who still need Improvement Exam and R. Shadap Convener of Teachers who still need improvement exam.
East Khasi Hills has 91 cases and West Khasi Hills has 62 cases.
Shillong: The death toll from Coronavirus (COVID-19) in the state has risen to 100, on Tuesday. Rocketstar Kharshandi, (54) from PohksehSmar at Nazareth Hospital on 20-06-2021, died at his home on 20-06-2 19 Prem Lama, (42) of Umiam died at home on 28-06-2021 Thiewmon Lyngdoh, (69) of Kyndong Tuber Sumar at MCH Panaliar Covid Hospital Jowai on Isabel Pde, (87) of Chiliang was admitted to Woodland WK Hospital Sabah on 21-06-2021Died on 29-06-2 Pynshngainlang Lytan, (55) of Jowai, was admitted to Supercare Hospital on 08-06-2021 and died on 30-06-2
The Government of Meghalaya has also increased the tax on these fuels by Rs 3 or Rs 6 per liter to collect more revenue of more than Rs 50,000 crore.
Here too, you need the right sign.
The attack came just days after the junta's air strikes claimed the lives of more than 130 residents of central Myanmar.
Because as teachers and parents should think for the children how to help and encourage them to avoid the overload of school fees or the difficulties that can affect them especially in the years to come.
Everyone was surprised while Bah Ardent read the Notification with the crowd.
Young Bevan has an amazing ability to cure many kinds of diseases just by breathing.
In Assam, he served as Assistant SP Nagaon, SDPO Golaghat, Additional SP Tinsukia and SP Barpeta from 1984 to
Shitom palt I don't want to explain.
In the Under 14 (Boys), the events will be 60 M, 600 M, Long Jump, High Jump and Shot Put.
At present, three CCTV cameras have been installed in Wahthapbroo village and on the other hand, Bah Ransom said that the purpose of the CCTV camera is to bring peace and order in the village. camp if there are people who come from outside the village.
It is here that most of the accidents occur.
(Psalm 127), as humans we can do what is best for our home and family- Yet the future is uncertain.
On the part of the Principal of the school, Father Nicodim Aind SDB, he congratulated the teachers who have been able to convey and stir up the minds of the students about what they need as students of the present era. now.
We Khasi believe that that Khyndai Skum, Khyndai Trep, Khyndai Wasa has died.
If the Prime Minister considers that the Governor's speech in Hindi cannot be accepted because the speech has already been distributed to the Members of the Legislative Assembly in English, Don't worry about speaking in a language that many listeners don't understand.
The Commission is preparing to implement the Multi-Constituency Prototype Remote EVM on 16th July, 2023 through 8 National Parties and 57 recognized political parties in the States through members of the Technical Committee. Committee Expert.
There are 37 types of music but in Wangala there are three types such as Dadia, Rikkenga and Ongripa.
Shillong, Naitung 19 : The Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) has informed all the residents within the jurisdiction of the SMB that the government has issued a notice to the Plastic Waste Management (Amendment) Rules. 2021 has banned the use and sale of plastic with or without a thickness of 40 microns.
No doubt there may be other sources which have not been mentioned at this time, which may open a clearer path to clarify more on this subject.
Now, the two Chief Ministers have reiterated the same decision taken in November 2022 to hand over the investigation to the CBI.
Many of the Jews in Israel did not want to believe in the name of Jesus Christ.
Only 20 participants will be accepted.
The War Jaintia Students Union (WJSU) was established in 2000 and ceased operations in 2015, but after seeing many problems in the War Jaintia area, it was revived in 2023 by appointing new leaders and office bearers.
He also had two cases of rape in November last year at Iawthymme, Ladthadlaboh Jowai where two girls, one 7 years old and one 8 years old, were raped. I am in your hands.
Shyllong Market Day: On the Shyllong Market Day, the Duhulia go to Wah Umiew to clean the bomb, the ksing and other religious items and the women go to clean all the religious items.
If this is true, in the upcoming elections there will be only 18 MLAs contesting from the UDP, not counting the MDCs who have already joined and those who will join soon. The NPP and the UDP will continue to fight against the two parties in government but it depends on which party can attract the candidates who have the hope of winning. people.
/-On this issue, the MDCs said that there are three important tasks before the JHADC and these are the payment of salaries to the employees of the JHADC, the construction of the market and the District. Council Court at Riatsiatsim and construction of Dorbar Hall/Shopping Complex at New Hill, Jowai.
LP School Lumshken, Presbyterian SSA LP School Lumshken and parents.
Speaking on the issues of employment, he said that the Government of India has taken this initiative to empower the youth to use their skills. There is a collaboration with the government to develop them for their benefit.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur, 13: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Peoples (FKJGP) has expressed its gratitude for the brave deeds of one of its members. Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat.
The Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party (NDPP) and the BJP have contested the Assembly elections held on 27th June. The constituency is 40:2
The report said that thanks to the hard work of the police, the suspect was arrested within a short time of the incident.
Part X (Article 244) and Part XII (Article 275) together with the 5th and 6th Schedule empower to protect the Scheduled Tribes and to provide funds as required.
It may be recalled that Bah Gigur Myrthong, while accepting the demand of the party, said that he will take action on the issue related to the welfare of the residents.
The theme of this year's sermon is, “Be growing up in him” (Colossians 2:7).
He won the first term on the HSPDP ticket and the third term on the United Democratic Party (UDP) ticket.
They must stay at home for 10 days.
He said that if such illegal activities continue, it will cause problems to the society in the area.
“I don't regret this at all and I'm sorry for myself.
The Hima Nongkhlaw has sent a letter to the chief guest requesting him to erect a statue of Tirot Sing Syiem in Nongkhlaw and to build a Children's Park as part of his memory. you are the hero of the state.
Yoomi Patwet was named Man of the Match.
“However, we have not yet received any news of an appointment to talk to him in Delhi.
Such groups have the desire to take measures to intimidate the people so that they will stop preaching and spreading the love of the people for the VPP,” said the spokesperson.
The fact is that many of the youngsters who have passed the higher grades have to stay at home without jobs.
He said that this is an area that should be developed properly in the coming years.
HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said, “This incident is not a coincidence. At the same time, it shows a stronger sign of disrupting the peace and security of the minorities in Meghalaya.
Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, the sister of Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, has expressed her sorrow and grief over the bloodthirsty people who have taken advantage of the soul of her brother. that this brother of mine is a righteous man, and hath nothing against any man.
What surprises us is that even the Khasi MLAs from the biggest and oldest parties agree that there is no need for a Special Dorbar.
The investigation, led by Swiss lawyer Claudio Sulser, has the power to suspend a player for up to 24 games or up to two years. play, because of your rebellion.
This fertilizer can be placed at the foot of the tympew tree.
Shillong: A bus carrying school children has collapsed at night and the handyman of the bus has died on the spot while several school children have been injured.
Jowai: The owners of houses who employ day laborers working in various jobs from contractors, construction workers, factory workers should not pay the rent to the owners of the houses. for a month.
Don't do anything that has been assigned to you.
And if a man receives it, all his fellow men will hate him who receives it because its value is greater than the Mawlynnai of the sein which he used to put and show in the wilderness.
The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr A War, who tested positive for covid positive in Umroi today, said that the person who tested positive for covid positive today is a member of the army camp. He arrived in Meghalaya on 2nd November 2020 and was quarantined by the army.
Our country has many jobs for the youth but they should take the initiative in new jobs.
You are not sure of its strength and the fast flowing water can overwhelm you.
“If a casino is built in Raid Marwet, all the rich people from Assam and abroad will come to Meghalaya through the casino because these rich people go empty not to earn money but to relax but we are here. Many of us go empty-handed to earn money,” said Bah Rani.
The government can abolish MUDA at any time and create another department,” said Bah Basiawmoit.
Sajjad Lone and Imran Ansari, leaders of the Jammu and Kashmir People's Conference, were also arrested.
He said that some of the elders had suggested to the family members to inform the police but the parents of the children refused.
On 11th June, 2023, the vehicle of the Superintendent of Police (SP) of West Jaintia Hills was damaged by the Karbi.
This is the way the Khasi understands his way of life.
She also demanded that the government should not rush but should wait for a thorough discussion with the Dorbar Shnongs on the bill.
Most of the policemen are from East District and were injured in the stone throwing, handcuffs, breaking of police posts and other protests.
The KSU said that it is regrettable that the District Head Quarter does not have a single ATM machine and the people have to go to Ladrymbai just to withdraw money for urgent needs.
Shillong: The State Government has sent the Meghalaya Resident Safety and Security Act, 2016 to Raj Bhavan for the approval of the Governor to come into force as an Ordinance. Prestone Tynsong, Chief Minister and Government of Meghalaya, today.
“All the development works related to this demand for Tura during the rainy season is what Garo Hills will get.
“It is easy to create, but are there enough requirements, staff, houses, equipment,” said Dr Mawthoh. I'm five years old.
Those who lived in the past era of knowledge and dignity, have to close their eyes and ears in this age.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The East Khasi Hills District Cricket Association (EKHDCA) on Saturday concluded the Talent Search program at Smit Stadium.
Babu Kular Khongjirem The NPP has decided to expel Bah PN Syiem from the party without immediate effect. NPP-UDP in KHADC. After the collapse of the UDA EC, there have been allegations that there are files in KHADC especially of the Trade Department which used to be headed by Bah Paul Lyngdoh.
He didn't do this because he wanted to, he did it because he couldn't read.
This year, the event will be more special, as the event will also be witnessed from Khyndailad through LED TVs, which will be installed at Khyndailad.
In fact, the rainfall in these days is not heavy but only a heavy rainfall which lasts for half an hour as a blessing, said Bah Rangbah Shnong.
When asked about the contest against Bah Pyniaid's biggest supporter, Dr. Osaphi Jyrwa in the current election and the UDP's belief that it is with its support that Bah Pyniaid won the election. “In the election itself, some have entered and some have left, but as of now, many have come to join,” he said.
About 30 students, both men and women, have registered for the Football Academy and the school authorities will continue to allow the students to participate in the Academy. train the children in the game of football.
When calculated at the annual rate, it will amount to T.1,77,07,200.00 which is equivalent to T.2 crore per annum.
The Meghalaya Youth Exchange Program 2023, which started on the 16th of this month, ended on Thursday with the participation of about 700 youths from Meghalaya. all 12 districts of the state.
Shillong, Nailur 20: A family in Madanrting, Shillong, has found that the sohsaw which they were preparing to cook jhur had a strange mark on it. cross.
“The state government should follow the example of other states to implement such laws to curb the unemployment of the indigenous youth.
“The dismissal of Das is not only for the rights of the victims, but also for the security, stability and rights of the students, staff and the community of the school and the public as well,” said Chyne.
According to the 144CrPC, it is prohibited to gather more than three persons in any place near the Toll Plaza. The order will come into force immediately until further notice.
He said that the KSU has been informing the district authorities of Meghalaya from time to time to resolve the issues since the incident was small but because they did not take action, it has led to the incident.
APOL MAWNIUHAs it appeared in the media in 2013, even the high schools in Shillong are only places of money laundering.
At the same time, it was decided to direct the Regional Committees to complete their work and prepare their reports so that in November there will be another meeting of the Prime Ministers.
In the women's category, Cham-Cham Secondary School won the title after winning 14 medals including 5 gold medals, 4 silver and 4 bronze medals.
She said that the POCSO Act is about the relationship between girls and boys and protects anyone who is raped whether they are women or men.
I also remember the incident in 2013 when a strong wind struck many villages in Mawshynrut Constituency.
The suspension order, issued on 22nd July 2024, states that the order of the High Court will be suspended but on the condition that the National Human Rights Commission will not pay compensation. (NHRC) is the responsibility of the State Government.
It may be recalled that this public hearing has failed twice after the opposition of the people, villages and various political parties.
According to sources, Urmila died after being tied with a tyrnem in the head.
“The Central Government will send a senior government official to look into many issues in the state including the setting up of CUET centers and also to find out the problems faced by the state and how to address them,” he said. he said.
The Chairman of the State Planning Board, Bah Lambor Malngiang, independent MLA from Nongkrem, today convened a meeting of various government departments to discuss the issue.
The union also warns all those who take contracts, such projects should be done properly, from now on if such works happen again on the bridges, there will be injuries and tragedy.
The bomb was reportedly made of water and was placed on the road to the airport, but the air force defused it, he said. message.
He said that he hopes that by planting these trees, they will grow and strengthen the soil.
North Liberty Hr Sec School beat Eastern West Khasi Hills Little Stars 6-1 in the first leg of the tournament.
She said that two of the candidates who will contest the mid-term elections, Bah Mosjo Wanswet candidate of the PDF and Bah Komen Laitmon candidate independent, have now come to work together for the upcoming elections. .
Shillong: More than 70 children from Meghalaya will compete in the Sub-Junior National Youth Amateur Muaythai Championship 2019 for boys and girls from 24th to 28th of this month. Lakshmibai National Institute Of Physical Education ha Sonupur, Kamrup District.
So far, the NPP, VPP and RDA have announced their candidates but the Congress President and incumbent MP Vincent H Pala will contest again from the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency.
Shillong: The Minister of Agriculture, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, after a meeting with the leaders of the Hills Farmer Union, on Tuesday said that the meeting was only for the purpose of seeking information from the HFU. The State Government in connection with the celebration of Farmers Years 2020 this year.
“We have seen that the Government of India has returned this Act to the State Government but we don't know whether the MHA has returned or put together its suggestions, but we will have to follow up,” he said. state.
Shillong: Two persons have been arrested by the Meghalaya Police and seized drugs worth T.40 lakh.
Here we learn that those who use heroin that has not been 100% cleaned only three times, have become addicted, and it is difficult to leave without proper treatment, please be afraid, therefore, don't want to know. how much do you get?
He said that the price is not high because the price is very low from the farmers and he gave an example, a byrni of biscuits pastic, is charged only T.
The union also urges the state government not to dismiss the officers especially those who provide good services to the people, just for the sake of anyone, without looking into it.
Shillong, Nailur 10: The Hima Khyrim will send a letter to the State Government through the Tourism Department to consider declaring the Pom Blang Festival of the Hima Khyrim as a state holiday.
Fortunately, the driver of the vehicle, managed to get out of the vehicle, but it stopped in the river and he was not seriously injured, although he suffered severe injuries.
“We receive a lot of information from the intelligence agencies but we cannot say anything until we can verify it and we have to verify this information,” he said.
“I am a true and responsible member of the party and when the party nominates a candidate it is my duty to help my member,” said HDr Lyngdoh.
Rimaya Manar, Secretary: Shri.Charlie Siangshai Shri.Pyrkhat Muksor Shri.Rimistar Dkhar Smt.
However, if you all decide to revive these people, those government officers will have to turn to the villages to train you.
He said that for the areas where the signboards have not yet been erected, he hopes that they will be completed soon.
I am God, and there is none like me, declaring the end from the beginning.
However, the Commission should complete the survey within 3-4 years but not within 3-4 months,” he said. to establish a Boundary Commission to resolve the border issue.
“We cannot make the country free from smuggling overnight, but it requires the cooperation of all,” he said.
These investments, along with other areas, are the reason why the time taken to inspect shipments has been significantly reduced compared to other countries.
Ma Shibun said he found that the reason why the Meghalaya government has spent only 40% is because it has not been able to show the figures, where it has spent the 40% or it has not been able to provide Utilization Certificates (UC).
The Seng said that if the Khasi language is taught, these schools will be filled with many students.
This is a thank you to the Modi government,” she said.
When asked by one of the UDP leaders, Bah Titos Chyne whether besides the sit-in and sending the memorandum, it is enough for the UDP to oppose the hourly blackout in the state.
The source said that these volunteers have been defending their village (Khuijuman in Bishnupur) since the fighting started on 3rd June.
In Shillong Constituency, NOTA has won more than four candidates.
The cleanliness drive started at 9.30 pm and continued until 1.30 pm.
Today we went into the office and sent the officer.
Those who were resurrected before the 1000 years and those who were caught up in the rapture are those who participated in that first resurrection, for the Word of God explains – “Blessed are the peacemakers. but they shall be priests of God and of Christ, and shall reign with him a thousand years.
“Not only will I give my support, but I will also campaign for the Congress candidate Bah Jotin Khardewsaw. support the Congress candidate,” said Martin M Danggo.
All of them are currently under quarantine at their homes.
Khliehriat, June 6: According to the Ruling of the Supreme Court, there are 32 lakh tonnes of coal in Meghalaya and 16 lakh tonnes in East Jaintia Hills District alone. The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS, said that about 50,000 tonnes of coal has been seized from Rymbai Road and in the Sutnga area.
“He also promised the Koch Association to help them in this regard.
Parish Priest of Umkadhor including Catechists, Elders and Fathers and Sisters.
Jowai, March 06: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), West Jaintia Hills, today announced that the NFSA (AAY, PHH) and Non-NFSA rice for the month of March, 2023 has been released to all FP Shop dealers in District which will be in operation from 10th to 20th March.
He said that the world will not be able to overcome this disease until there is equality in human rights.
Nongstoin, Nailur 30: The Executive Committee of the Nongstoin Tourist Maxi Cab Owners & Drivers Association (NCMA) on the 26th of this month has decided to increase the fare of Sumo from T.140 to T. one from Shillong to Nongstoin and one from Nongstoin to Shillong.
In addition, commercial vehicles including Sumo and Maxi Cabs are allowed to carry only 4 passengers, small vehicles such as local taxis are allowed to carry only 2 passengers, Auto Rickshaws are allowed to carry only 2 passengers. to carry only 1, while in two wheelers only women or children under 12 years of age are allowed to carry.
The Branch played a key role in organizing the tournament, which reopened after a nine-year hiatus.
In a letter signed by UDP Umsning Secretary Bias Sylliang, the party has requested the President/Secretary General of the party to reconsider the decision of the CEC held on the 17th of this month.
Revereen Dkhar from NRLM Mawphlang Block explained the role of Village Organizations which include Self Help Groups within it to contribute to improve the income of women.
The government should pay assistance to the day laborers because it has already collected a lot of labor cess because besides living on income, they don't even have enough to eat.
Wasnik will meet with MLAs, government ministers, MDCs and party leaders to find out how they feel about the situation in the state.
Many of the Khasi who live in the north don't know how to speak the Khasi Sohra language but they speak the village languages ​​and are very good at speaking Bengali (Bangla).
This step will pave the way for the implementation of the budget announcement for the establishment of 500 surplus processing plants under the GOBARdhan scheme to increase income by increasing implementation capacity. This is the BG/CBG plant.
Guwahati, Naitung 21: One of the ministers close to the Chief Minister, Tarun Gogoi, has sent his resignation letter to the Governor of Meghalaya, after he continued to demand the resignation of the Chief Minister. Gogoi, who has been in office for more than a year, was accompanied by many MLAs who supported him.
He requested anyone who has found him to please call the following numbers: 9856137692 /
He said that if they are in any faith, it doesn't matter, but the biggest thing is that the Creator is still keeping them in this world because He wants them to do whatever He wants them to do. predetermined.
In the rural areas, the officers of various blocks have prepared places for the sale of food items to the people.
The Union of Waheh Shnongs of East Jaintia Hills District has expressed its deep shock and sorrow to see through the media the insults and insults of the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of the district. The incident occurred on Tuesday on National Highway 6 near Wahiajer village.
He said that Online and Remote Learning has become a new method of education for students and teachers and there has been a relationship. closer between students and teachers where teachers give better help, support and encouragement when students talk to them.
According to a study by a Swiss agency, those children who grow up in villages within the better-off cities are more likely to have breathing problems. .
Another student, who is studying at the Regional Dental College, Kamrup Metro, has tested positive for the virus.
Imphal, Naitung 10: Protests have intensified in Manipur despite the government's curfew in the state.
On the other hand, the Khooid Yaka Wah Myntdu, after seeing the flooding of the Myntdu River, expressed its deep sorrow and urged the DC to take action to find ways and means to improve the flooding. part of the Myntdu River to avoid drinking water shortage during the rainy season.
Later, he also appeared in the State Legislative Assembly.
Meghalaya, who won the toss and elected to bat first, took the first wicket in the first innings through Ram Gurung (1/17). Kinit Patel through lbw.
Or that Babel was the beginning of the dispersion of nations throughout the regions and countries of the world.
The repair work was led by Bah Diskonis Nongrum and Bah Kerinus Mawlong, Leaders of the Mawhati Area Local Taxi Drivers and Owners Association. others were the elders of the area.
“We don't want money from you to help us when we are in need but we need protection because no one knows when the Umïam Dam will flood,” he said.
Therefore, he encouraged the children with disabilities not to lose hope or be discouraged but to be brave and cheerful so that their future will be bright. phyrnia as long as other men.
U Bah Marngar said that these days have been very difficult and painful, because even if you go to school, after graduation, the youth are sitting without a job.
The JSU also demanded that MeECL before implementing the UGO Billing Software should inform the public and explain to the public so that the people can understand about the UGO Billing as this area is affected by electricity especially the electricity supply. rural areas will suffer if this new electricity tariff system is implemented.
If anyone fails to cooperate with this order, there will be a penalty under Section 25, 1 B, (h) which reads that if these firearms cannot be delivered in accordance with Sub Section (1 ) of Section
He said that the situation regarding drugs not only in Meghalaya but across the North East has shocked everyone including the members of the House.
When asked to explain to the people to change their mindset, Sangma said, “I didn't say that hundreds of people (steal money) but even if there are 20 or 40 per cent “Imagine you hear that at this time you hear that the church leaders have separated themselves from politics but they shouldn't do that.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 13: The heavy rainfall in the morning of 13th June, 2022 has caused the water level of the rivers to rise compared to previous years. The incident occurred at Hot Spring in Umjaraiñ, South West Khasi Hills District.
On the 22nd, he went to perform the thangbriew ritual at Nangbah village but it is suspected that he was killed in the evening.
Shillong: Three new cases of covid-19 have been confirmed in Shillong today, one from Lumparing, one from Nongrim Hills and one from Mawprem.
Speaking as the chief guest, Kong Isawanda Laloo, I would like to congratulate the team as the stars of the country for their ability to bring the title and the trophy. proud of the state as a whole.
Shillong: Amethyst Lynda Blah, owner of U Peitngor Newspaper, on Saturday launched her website at her office in Lachumiere, Shillong.
Referring to the Congress's misconduct against Bah Lapang; Conrad said that even Lapang, who is known to the people of Ri Bhoi and the state as a whole, but the Congress is still willing to ignore him. also bring attention to how much more it will do to civilians and its supporters.
Therefore, the Executive Committee has informed the public that no one should change their jait and adopt the Khasi jait without the written permission of the Registration Authority and the Executive Committee. Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council in accordance with the provisions of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Act,
The Hawaii Volcano Observatory said the volcano erupted at Kilauea at noon.
However, ïewrynghep Sec.School came back strongly in the second half and scored the first goal in the 46th minute through Arwisstar Khawmawphlang. bad jam for extra time.
These Self Help Groups are the cornerstones of society in many rural villages.
He said that elections can also be held for the Chairman if the Chairman resigns or expires his term of office or is removed according to Resolution AD rule
The Muktiar, who represented the PIL petitioner HL Shangreiso, also submitted the names of several persons to be included as independent members of the Decongestion Committee. It will take a decision in this regard at the next hearing on 1 November
“While these people are hiding their real names, but after our close investigation, we have found that they are linked to the INC IT Cell,” said Nathaniel Gleicher. Gleicher said in a statement that the accounts were suspended because of their inappropriate content.
Speaking at the 10th Anniversary of his assumption of office, Saha said that the people of the state still trust the BJP-IPFT government. , who have also been allowed to rule the state for a while.
But then you will be truly free.
Madhya Pradesh has 230 constituencies, Chhattisgarh 90, Rajasthan 200, Telangana 119 and Mizoram 40 constituencies.
There have been 289 new cases and 34 deaths in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 15,5 including 712 passengers from the Diamond Princess.
For example, in the Basistha-Khanapara area, the Chief Commissioner emphasized that “the boundary should be fixed for the sake of Khadar rule...and that no part of the Khasi Hima should be established. in Kamrup and another part in the Khasi Hills, but for the sake of security of administration the Foreign Government is willing to place the entire Khasi Hima under Kamrup...it may also be that the Deputy Commissioners under the authority of They shall exchange lands between the Syiems or between any Syiem and the Foreign Government and the Chief Commissioner shall be ready to confirm this.
However, this action of the British in connection with their Divide and Rule Policy did not prevent the Khasi States and the British Areas from feeling different as a nation.
Banrilang cleaned the kitchen, living room and bedroom.
At the same time, he urged those who spread false information through Facebook to delete and remove the photo of Bah Kyrmen Rymbai from Facebook. because he was never a murderer.
Shillong: Eleven residents of Huroi together with the Khasi Students' Union Huroi Unit continue to protest against the Indo-Bangla border fencing in Huroi.
Prestone said the government will not allow the Christmas dinner, because only 1/3 of the people are allowed to hold the service, but the khana dinner will not be allowed. you can't just select 1/3 of the people who will take part in the Christmas dinner.
The mother is like a head for her children.
This was announced by the General Secretary of the HYC Thadlaskein Area Unit.
The installation of the equipment inside the hospital is ongoing.
Nongstoiñ: U Bah Gabriel Wahlang, who contested from the Congress party from Nongstoiñ Constituency, has had to wait three times to reach the goal of victory. I hope you and especially the Congress party in Nongstoiñ.
He said that his appearance in this election is because the people have expressed their desire for change not only in the society, but also to change the leaders.
Over the past nine years, we have seen the improvements that have come for these people in various social, educational and economic sectors.
The owners of the land of this hill should file an FIR immediately.
The seized trucks and the seized kwai tyrkhong were handed over to the Rongra Police Station and a complaint was lodged for further action.
At the same time, the three organizations urge the residents of the area to be vigilant and beware of anyone who takes advantage of this unfounded promise of the Chief Minister of the State Government. Because we know that as of now there is no evidence from the State Government, but it is only a preparation and when it will happen we don't know.
The Gender Parity Index (GPI) of the GER shows that the number of girls in schools is related to the number of girls at different ages in society.
The mob also damaged many houses – cinemas, schools and vineyards.
Shillong, Jymmang 13 : The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle on Saturday conducted a raid on food shops in Laban, Lumparing, Lumshatsngi and KOR areas to ensure cleanliness. health of tea consumers and drinkers.
Chetia said the party will stand up to protect the indigenous people against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 as it will destroy the indigenous people if foreigners come.
According to the leaders of the Forum, Tengrak Momin and Sinbad Sangma, they are afraid that if there is a conflict between the Khasi and Garo, it will affect the education of the students. Lum Garo Hills does not only have adequate educational institutions but many youths have come to Shillong to continue their studies.
The traffic jam which has affected the passengers every day has turned into a disease that cannot be cured.
Tyllishanlang Kharpein (Kick Light Senior Men -45 kg), 3.
He urged N Biren Singh to take the initiative to exercise his powers as the Chief Minister of the state – to call for the working groups to unite to end the all strife and confusion.
Speaking to media, Bah Marbud said that the Mawlai Congress will send his name as a candidate for the upcoming elections as they doubt that the MLA of the Mawlai Congress. PT Sawkmie will contest again from the Congress.
However, the HNYM wants the job allocation to be based on the population, because according to the 2013 census, the population of Meghalaya is 29,6 The number of Schedule Tribe Certificates is 18.66447 lakh, of which the Schedule Tribe Certificate of the Khasi is more than 16 lakh. There are only 9 lakh tribe certificates, he said.
He said that the stolen question paper was exactly the same as the paper which the teachers had written today.
In the past few days, this reporter has spoken to several MDCs of KHADC who are members of the People Democratic Forum (PD) and they have decided to contest from the PDF in .
She also recalled that in these years, even the sohñiamtra trees have started to die.
Shillong: The Executive Member (EM) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, on Tuesday said that the Council will first seek clarification from the state government through the Prime Minister on the intention of the central government. to bring the Gram Sabha to the village.
“This is very important and we should not be misled, because the people of the state will benefit greatly through these Cabinet meetings in different district headquarters,” said Bah Tynsong.
The lifting of Article 370 on 5th July 2019 in Jammu and Kashmir has been peaceful and there is no more violence, as the terrorists who came from Pakistan, now if the terrorists leave they will not return.
Inside the OT, a Recovery Room has been set up where the victims will sleep before being taken to their usual rooms.
The celebration was held at the BJP office in Shillong in the presence of Pynthor MLA AL Hek, MDCs from Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills and party leaders.
Ma Arwot Sumer, General Secretary in a statement said, “The Seiñraij Jowai wishes all the children of the Raij Tuber a happy and healthy Behdienkhlam. I don't know what to do.
Another seizure was made by troops patrolling in parts of Baghmara.
He said that this Khasi medicine factory is very important in providing benefits to the people and income generation.
The teacher said that the members of the Academic Council do not want to discuss the suspension of the NEP but the urgent need to correct the mismanagement.
Ryntih played well but couldn't score and Rangdajied took the lead in the 45th minute when Mebankhraw Wahlang headed the ball and went to Khongjee to score. Rangdajied have earned 8 points from four games and Ryntih have six points from four games. once you fight.
The donation was led by the Information Secretary of the party, Bah Evanfield Khonglam.
Shillong, Naiwieng 07: The Public Works Department (Roads) will soon repair the damaged roads in Mawlai after the PHE completed the installation of pipes for the supply of water. sha this area.
Shillong: There have been 742 new cases of corona virus in East Khasi Hills today.
His arrival has been a blessing not only to the Presbyterian Church, but to the Khasi people as a whole, especially his contribution through the letters ABKD.
The Waheh Shnongs of Umkiang, Lasting Pala, Dona Skur, Jensal Pohkyrnu, Pyrtakuna, Love You Bareh, Kuliang, Min Lamare, Head of Borsara, Head of Sonapyrdi, Mr. Edimon Lamare, Head of Lumphyllut, Head of Fantin Pajat, Head of Ratacherra, Mr. Pynkhalin Dhar, Head of Dona Umbluh, Wol Sang. , Bah Robi Suchiang and Waheh Shnong Lahalein, Bah Mit Dkhar, also acknowledged that this struggle is justified for the good of the future of all the children of Hynniewtrep.
PanahKa Rida, who had never experienced that incident before, remembered what had happened to her that night.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today honored Lorenza Songthiang, daughter of Bah Donny Ranee, resident of Laitkor Kynton, Mon at a function held in Shillong. club.
I will never allow you to sell the Moti Mahal until I die,” said Divya.
The Punjab police chief, whose hands were cut off by the robbers in Patiala, has been treated today, where he has been able to repair his broken hand and has regained his strength, the report said. from the State government.
“At present, we are starting only one Resource Recovery Center (RRC) in Mawlai Mawroh.
He said that may this Christmas and New Year change our lives from bad to good for ourselves and the nation especially to the youth. helping people in times of trouble to change from evil to good.
Regarding the movement of people from Assam, Bah C.Syrti, said that he advised these village leaders, that if they find that there are people coming from Assam and who intend to go to These villages should be directed to pass through the Screening Center at 13Mer, but for those who do not have Pass, no one should be allowed.
Bindo Lanong also criticized the order of the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court, who in his judgment dated 13.1.2016, that all residents of the village, belonging to any caste or religion, They should also have the right to elect Rangbah Shnong, which is a foreign rule, which will greatly affect the customs and traditions of the people, because even if they are Khasi Khara brothers and sisters, they have been living from time to time. Their villages, for education or part-time work, do not have this right and they also know and do not want to take part in what is not their right.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, German Syiemlieh from Nongspung Village, Shillong, said that he has taken the contract to install new electricity supply in Laitkor and Shillong. He handed over to Brosstar who is now in the hospital to complete the task and Brosstar took all his employees.
The sudden arrival of these Forest Officers came after they saw through the authorities the movement of illegal drug traffickers in many parts of West Khasi Hills. They urged the department to come and conduct this surprise raid.
In a statement sent by the UDP supporters, they said, “There is no original – duplicate UDP?” “We have seen the explanation of Dr. Jemino General Secretary UDP in the newspapers. , that the UDP does not have two or three, but only one.
He also congratulated the team for continuing to rise higher and working harder so that they can bring glory to their family and the community. the whole state.
Jowai MLA Wailadmiki Shylla on July 24, 2013, distributed food items to the Jowai Tourist Cab Drivers Association (JSTCA).
Besides, the contract teachers have also expressed their distrust of the MTET after the appearance or theft of question papers in the recent examination.
It also decided that the government should seek permission before planning to build any large dam on the rivers.
Regarding mobile shops, computer shops, mobile recharge shops, stationary shops and single car shops, the DC's office has announced that only two shops will be allowed to open. Shillong: 21/05/2020 and 22/05/2020 from 9.00 am to 4.00 pm.
After this he went to eat in the canteen of the College.
Shillong: U Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) MLA from South Shillong, Bah Sanbor Shullai on Tuesday said that work speaks louder than words and he believes in the saying 'work a lot, speak a little' .
In conclusion, I would like to say that all dairies are very nitrogen rich plants and therefore soil improvers.
The allocation will be used to pay the salaries of the members of the Council, Chairperson, Deputy Chairman, Leader of Opposition, Officers and employees of various departments of the Council.
Shillong: Meghalaya beat Mizoram 6-0 in the Dr T Ao Trophy 2020 in Group B match at Kohima today.
In this regard, he questioned the OBC registration which continued until 2004, where there was no explanation or announcement that there are OBC groups in the state.
However, life has become easier after the water has reached our houses through the JJM water supply system”.
The meeting lasted for more than two hours and speaking to reporters after the meeting, the President of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs, Dr. Kharshiing, said that the Governor has spoken. He said that he will approve the VAB passed by the KHADC, but he did not set a time limit for his approval and told them to be patient for a while.
The day was marked by the encouragement of the Muay Thai athletes who have brought fame and glory to the State in various sports including Pynnehbor Mylliem, Blaseibok Kharbuli, Skhemborlang Marwein and Babit Kharsahnoh.
These programs were launched by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma in the presence of other senior officials.
However, it is surprising that these haw haw, baw baw, kiw kiw kaw kaw, oppose for their own peace and order later by registering themselves.
Besides the shikur of the Kurs in the Khasi Hills and Jaintia Hills District, we will also find that in ancient history there was a migration of people from Jaintia Hills to the central and western parts of the Khasi Hills. to the Shyllong, Sohra, Nongkhlaw and other Himas in Ri-Khasi.
Shall we allow the darkness to overcome the light? It is a fact that Shillong does not welcome other ethnic groups, who are not Hynniewtrep.
On 29th November last year, the government had submitted a blueprint to the HPC regarding its plan to build multi-storey roads for the relocation of 342 households. live in Them Mawlong Market.
He is ready to welcome and dialogue with different Christian church groups, other religions to work with them for the welfare of society.
According to Ms Berlin, the hospital and the police have a relationship and therefore, there is no confidence that she will receive a clean medical report and post mortem.
The meeting was attended by Eborlang Rymbai President HYC Khliehriat, JSM Women's Wing leaders and it was decided to hold another meeting to discuss the issue and form a committee to look into the problem of job seekers.
Meanwhile, HK Singh Memorial Secondary School beat Amwi Thangbuli H/S School 2-1
"These children have learned well and hard work continues to help them in making a living as they should," he said.
NASA scientists have discovered the strange sounds on Mars after sending powerful sound recorders in the past few months.
The young woman is currently in the city, which is also the epicenter of the coronavirus.
SK Sun has decided not to contest the 2018 Mawphlang MLA election which is currently led by Congress MLA Kennedy C Khyriem.
Para 12 A in Schedule 6, which has been mentioned and many have talked about it, is the provision of the Government, that when the same matter or issue, the District Councils pass a law together, the District Council passes a law. state government too.
The last time Madam Sonia called me to room 70 of the Pinewood Hotel she asked me to become prime minister and in that election the Congress won 16 MLAs from Khasi. -Jaintia and 14 cases from Garo.
“How can we expect that education will be adequate especially in the rural areas when the salaries of school teachers are still higher than the salaries of peons and chowkidars,” said Dr Don. discussion on the budget speech of the Chief Minister.
At this time when we as a family are in darkness, friends from near and far have come to help us as a family from the day the body was found until the funeral. You will be able to access this page on
In the jump category, Primus Ronghi (8th position), Ladin Penang (10th position) and Rinalis Ingti who competed in the U-17 category, have just scored They must first hold on to their own record that they have held in their careers.
The Bill was sent through a letter from the Under Secretary, DCA, Government of Meghalaya vide letter No.DCA.68/2005/135 dated 22nd July 2015 to the Secretary, Shillong. “The passage of this Bill is against the customs and traditions and is protected under Article 13(3), of the Constitution of India.
The General Secretary of Caroline Colony Dorbar Shnong, P Lamare, said that the Dorbar Shnong has taken this step in order to ensure the smooth running of the election campaign within the boundary of the village and to implement the rules and regulations. The Election Commission of India has been appointed.
At a short meeting held at the ground floor of Mawkhar Christian Higher Secondary School, for the purpose of handing over the relief items to the families of those who are poor and needy. They also visited and looked after to provide assistance to these households.
Even those of us who are still here are still building a road that is only 12 feet wide, as if it is a private driveway that we can use only for ourselves.
He said that the message that comes out to the world from this group which has only about 4 lakh residents but the message is very strong to millions of people on this page. world because as the Khasi people they understand the meaning of nature.
He said that PA Sangma is a tool that has brought fame to the North East and the world.
In such cases, when you call the staff of 7mer, on the number 2560163, the main reason, they give, is that it does not carry the trip and they also give the reason, that the The fire is from Mawlai and in many cases, they send the firefighters to call Mawlai, instead of calling themselves.
In another match, Sikkim beat Assam 3-0 in the tie-breaker after a 1-1 draw in the 90 minutes.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Principal of All Saint School Shillong, Dr. Evarisha M.Syiem, said that so far, it has been two days since the opening of classes for classes IX to XII The attendance of children is still very low, as parents are still afraid to send their children to school.
Shillong, Jymmang 08 : The Department of Animal Husbandry & Veterinary has proposed an allocation of Rs 4 crore for the construction of a Check Health Center at Byrnihat to check and monitor the health of animals. I don't know what to do before I release it to the people.
On the allegation by the Syiem of Nongspung Hima that he did it alone, he said that he did not do it alone as alleged in giving land to Assam to build the road at Balakhawa, but together with him. King of the Kingdom of Nongspung.
The Regional Committees of the Government of Meghalaya and the Government of Assam in the recent meeting held at Umkiang village have fixed a date to discuss the boundary of Psiar-Khanduli and then the boundary of Psiar-Khanduli. Block-1 which includes 36 villages later.
The theme of this year's Environment Day is “There is only one Environment”.
“Therefore, to know the truth, they should call an independent body to conduct a thorough investigation.
The Minister said that the KHADC's involvement in the work of MUDA is too late because at the time the government issued a public announcement to bring MUDA to the district council areas. In 1991, no one objected but why did they come to open the book again these days?
They were identified as Johny Tariang, 25, of 5mer, Upper Shillong, Banteilang Rani, 25, of Jaiaw Langsning and Rishai Donald Lyngdoh, 25, of Lumbatemon, Jaiaw Laitdom.
This is after the driver of the vehicle tested positive for the corona virus.
He said the allegation that the party has changed its position by Shillong West MLA Bah Paul Lyngdoh is an attempt to mislead the people.
The meeting was conducted by Kong Joplincy Lyngdoh, Headmistress, Langrin Govt.
Perhaps there is an exploitation of our customs and traditions and there is also the infiltration of foreigners/states who are a threat to us small paid.
The same situation has affected the whole of India.
“I am saddened when I think of the people who are facing difficulties and struggles while living on the Bangladesh border, and we don't know if they are not protected,” said Bah Himalaya.
The more you write, the bigger the dividend.
Besides, the police who received the Police Medal for Meritorious Service are the Commandant of the 6th Battalion, Umran, Ribhoi District, Bah Lakador Syiem, the Superintendent of Police, Bikram D. Marak; Dy.Commandant of 4th MLP Bn, Vikaspuri, New Delhi, Thulisserryl C.Chako and Armed Branch Inspector Kote, Galdinson R.Marak.
This can be understood because the traditional thought still prevails in other Khasi places or villages such as the Barak area and northern Sylhet in Bangladesh.
The curfew will be from 5:30 pm to 5 pm and no vehicles will be allowed to park near the Golf Course.
Therefore, together with the KSU members, they lodged a complaint and demanded that the restaurant should pay their hospital bill.
Shillong: COMSO has deployed volunteers to search for illegal immigrants in these areas.
Levester Phawa (50 runs) and Daowan Passah (38 runs) were the top scorers for Moodymmai.
It is worth mentioning that the heavy rains and cyclones in the state have started since June 2020 after the cyclone Amphan passed through West Bengal and Odisha.
He also demanded a thorough investigation into the killing of Atiq Ahmed and Ashraf who were shot dead by robbers in the presence of police.
One of the areas of borrowing will be linked to specific reforms that include the recommendations of the Finance Commission.
Participants will have to submit proof of identity such as birth certificate, proof of disability and full citizenship certificate of India from the NorthEast Region.
Besides Deiong, our Longkñi have taken care of the trees and planted an Adong forest all around the village.
He said that with the arrival of Bah Malcom, and the presence of new and experienced leaders of the NPP Block Shillong East, it has ensured that they will win the elections from Shillong East. come.
UDP Nongkrem General Secretary Teiskhem Kharmuti said that the UDP Nongkrem party has held a meeting today and at the meeting in the presence of MDC HS Shylla, the party has been dissolved. delete immediately.
" While she was cleaning, Lydia remembered the dream that Hep had appeared to her.
There are seven candidates for the election: Samlin Malngiang of the NPP, Synshar Lyngdoh of the UDP, S. Osborne of the Congress, Eric Kharbuki of the BJP and Stoding. The Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Federick Kharkongor on Tuesday said that the turnout of voters in Sohiong till 6:00 pm has increased. 91.87 percent this time, which is higher than the previous year
Another fact that we cannot escape, even if some of us do not like it, is that we are now living in the 21st century.
The Government has already introduced amendments to the Lokyaokta where the Government appointed the Chairman last year and this has worked, but now it has set up a Search Committee to appoint the Chairman. to the members of the Lokayokta.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Syiem of Sohryngkham Hima, Bah Pyniaid Sing Syiem, on Tuesday said that the Syiem of Khyrim Hima has charged a reasonable price for the people who apply for No Objection Certificate (NOC) for the verification of land. their.
He said that there is another scheme known as the Pradhan Mantri Shram Yogi Mandhan pension scheme for employees aged 18 to 40 years and they can register themselves when they reach 60 years. They will receive a pension of T.3000/- per month and they will have to do the same to register and they will have to apply for the pension and if they have any questions please contact us. and to ask from the stall that has been set up for this day.
Meanwhile, Bournemouth's match against West Ham United ended in a 1-1 draw.
The SP of East Khasi Hills District, Bah M Kharkhrang, said that the curfew has been going smoothly without any incident.
The Rotary Club also presented a certificate of appreciation to the SP and all the officers who have worked tirelessly in the fight against COVID-1
The incident happened on Saturday last month and the deceased were identified as Wickly Iawphniaw, 2, Francis Iawphniaw, The children of Mary Iawphniaw and their husband Linus Lyngkhoi were seriously injured and three others were seriously injured.
Bhagwat was speaking at the launch of the book “Citizenship Debate on NRC and CAA” by Nani Gopal Mahanta in Guwahati today.
Shillong, Nailar 24 : The Meghalaya Street Vendors Act, 2014 has been repealed by the State Government on Tuesday. of the Central Government, known as the Street Vendors Act,
The demands of MSSASA from the Government are regarding the payment of salaries to teachers, the increase in the salaries of 12,541 SSA teachers in Meghalaya, the 12,541 teachers from the State Implementation Society to the State Education Department as full time teachers in accordance with the RTE Act, 2019 and SSA RTE Norms and to release the salary of the remaining four months from July, May, April and November which are still pending.
Recently, the Government has decided to set up a new landfill at Nonghali in the Mawryngkneng Constituency.
In this regard, the union will send a letter to the government saying that this issue is not urgent and within 6 months it will give time and it is enough.
“Looking at the behavior of the Government regarding our protests, we do not expect any steps to be taken to talk to us soon.
At this meeting, they decided to file a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) next month through Kishore Gautam as their lawyer.
“I don't want to interfere in the domestic affairs of the PDF but we are determined to have cooperation with all the parties in the government including the PDF,” he said. difference in government".
The total number of recoveries has risen to
God is full of love.
He said that according to the investigation of the party, it has been found that those people who do not have education are not due to lack of education or lack of willingness to go to school during their time, but for many reasons. can happen and those at the forefront are from poverty.
They also decided to strike without delay if the government continues to ignore their demands.
According to the videos, the explainer, who is believed to be a student, said that the group had visited the hostel 19 and it was reported that there was also a stone throwing.
Shillong, Naitung, 11: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District, Rosetta Mary Kurbah, has appealed to the residents of Shillong to cooperate with the District Administration in relation to the enforcement of the order. Close shops and food outlets across Shillong from 10:00 pm.
“The Secretary will retire only in November this year, will he too suffer the same fate as Bah Weljune Syiemlieh? I phoned the Secretary to tell her that the letter she wrote to me may be a trap because I heard that the CEM has sent to prepare the Work Orders, but she said that there are no Work Orders. When I asked the officers inside me, this shows that the CEM has hidden this from the Secretary and other officers, which means that the work orders have been prepared. net".
The emergence of a new party in Garo Hills will also discourage the party.
“So this is the same with regard to the search of mynder.
At the same time, he said the Executive Committee has set up a Land Development and Building Regulation Branch to oversee the construction of houses in the areas within the boundary of the Council.
At the time of writing, no casualties or loss of property have been reported.
Therefore, instead of creating new dialects, it should be added to the Khasi alphabet in addition to those that have A to Y. and the Khasi customs have suggested to include 'C', 'Cj' and 'Oo' to be more complete and perhaps to remove 'G' because it is complete with 'K' in many words. .
Why do you ask for the Holy Spirit and be deceived by Satan? It was because of the mistake to ask.
Shillong: U DP Working President Paul Lyngdoh has admitted that Robertjune Kharjahrin has been one of the candidates for the upcoming MP elections. Paul said the party will announce the candidate within the next two months.
To improve the village and the beauty of the surrounding area, the MP said that he will invite Bollywood filmmakers to shoot films in Kongthong.
After 24 hours of witnessing the video, police have admitted that they have arrested four suspects.
Replying to the Chokpot MLA's threat, the Minister said that if the answer is wrong, he is ready to apologize.
He started his football career with Shillong Lajong Football Club, one of the leading clubs in our state and in India where he played for this club in the years 2015-2 he has made 22 appearances for the club.
Minister Duh said he would monitor the progress of the programme.
Shillong: U MLA from 19th Shillong Constituency, Bah Sanbor Shullai, today inaugurated the Working Women Hostel at Rilbong Kench's Trace at a cost of T.4,50,49 crore.
There were no deaths among those who received the second dose of tika.
“Speaking on the party, Bah Sounder said that he will contest the 2023 elections from Mawkyrwat constituency from the Trinamool Congress. the reception of the people.
He said that if the government accepts the suggestion of the VPP as a demand to include a special reservation for people with disabilities, even the friends from Garo Hills will benefit.
The 2nd Khelo Masters' Games Foundation National Championship is for athletes between the ages of 35-80 years and besides athletics, there will also be many sports such as Basketball, Football, Hockey, Kabaddi, Netball, Table Tennis and others.
The APEX program was held for 5 days from 21st July in 5 schools of these 3 districts and ended on 25th July.
The Minister in charge of Sports, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, has sent for the repair of the JN Stadium and promised to complete it by November this year,” said Bah Kharumnuid. He added that the Minister has already responded.
It is very sad to see that the construction of this bridge which connects many villages on the border with Assam, has stopped till now, even though the The district authorities of West Jaintia Hills have already rushed to the scene after the Assam police came to stop them.
Even after the district administration had allowed the opening of the market on the 14th, 16th and 18th of July, it had to be closed after the people did not follow the COVID-19 rules.
The FIR was lodged by Meghalaya High Court Advocate Sofi Kamrul Hassan who alleged that the question was not cleared before the examination.
The speakers at the meeting spoke and showed the work they have done from the leaders to the village headmen how to release the khapsor from MUDA but until now the government has not believed at all and continues to persecute. to the residents who are building new houses where they need to get an Occupancy Certificate to build a new house and also they need to get permission from MUDA to install electricity and water in their houses.
“However, through this allocation of funds to improve the school, as one of the responsible adults, I am sure that it will be a blessing to many students in the area to attend classes at this school. “After the completion of the school, it will be one of the main educational institutions in the area, especially so that the teachers will be able to improve the school in the field of education,” said Bah Shemphang. .
His speech highlighted the Government's efforts at this time for the education and development of the nation.
He said that according to his meeting with the officials of these network companies, they have given the reason that the network failure is due to the fact that the road construction companies have cut off all the roads. fiber buried underground.
Speaking at the meeting, the Chief Guest thanked the NSC for its cooperation in conducting this program to provide assistance to the children. “It's small but even though it's small, I hope it's useful,” said Bah Thabah.
In other states, as the government owns the land, private individuals or companies who want to mine coal have to apply for a license to take coal from the government but here the situation is different.
This is all because of the MDC election.
This incident has caused problems to the coal traders who transport coal through Tamabil-Dawki.
“The government should immediately reduce the price,” said Kakoli, who lives next door to her fellow TMC MP, Mahua Moitra.
He said that as the groups, we will not allow the casino to operate in the state because we know that if the casino comes, other kinds of crimes will not exist in the area. The future of the youth, instead of bringing in schools and places that benefit and bless the youth.
Superintendent of Police (City) Vivek Syiem said that Laitumkhrah PS and Sardar PS have lodged a Sou Moto against those involved in the shooting and assault. The damage to vehicles and shops was reported.
The 2010 Act does not distinguish between the rightful owner and the illegal owner of land.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Friday said that once the State has been able to generate electricity from various sources, it will be difficult for the State to distribute electricity. electricity will not be interrupted in the coming years.
In honoring these leaders, the office of the Syiem of Raid Marwet, has donated Jain and Syntiew to all the members and leaders of HANM, WW, who have participated in the ban. Km road to be completed.
District Social Welfare Officer J.Synnah explained the purpose of the topic “Ill effect of early pregnancy” by saying, “The poverty of children at an early age has affected the country as a whole. ', so as school children they should spend their time first in education, sports and helping their parents at home.
The share received by the government from the factories is 2 percent, which they should deposit with the government for use in development works and benefits of the people.
Sohkhia is a source of many benefits such as weight loss, blood pressure health and sugar levels.
At present, the new construction, which started from Umsning, has reached Raitong village but it is believed that it will soon reach Mawhati.
The claim that taxes are sent to the riewlum or low paid is not true, but is only to clarify the income of the lakhs.
Jesus, who is also a Brazilian, has now been given the opportunity to join Mikel Arteta, who formerly played with Pep Guardiola at Manchester City, as Pep's assistant.
In addition, Hamas has supporters from Lebanon's Hezbollah militants, and this will have a serious impact on Israel in which all Middle Eastern countries will have to join hands and help each other. the time is near, and the great battle is near.
“However, it is only after the signing of the MoU that they will get information when there is a visit to the border by officers from Meghalaya and Assam,” he said.
On the Congress party's claim that the Congress will come to power in 2023, Lanong said that all the political parties have claimed that the UDP will come to power in It is a party that is complete and the people should allow it to come to power so that the people themselves will not be disappointed.
In JHADC, there are 2,49,334 voters out of which 1,20,675 are male and 1,28,592 are female.
The SP said that the KSU members had tried to forcibly close down the shop of Bah Phawa.
Furthermore, the leaders of the union urged the DC to deploy and send more police officers in Langpih area, as this area is also in the midst of tension due to the The ethnic clashes between the Khasi and Nepalis have happened from time to time and have claimed the lives of four elders in the past years.
The chief guest on the occasion will be Bah Pius Marweiñ, Chief Executive Member of Ranikor Constituency.
There are also 685 voters, 316 youths aged 15 to 25 years, 433 children aged 0 to 14 years and 300 who have passed Matriculation from the village.
He said the investigation is ongoing.
We have been able to host various tournaments such as the Grandmaster Chess Tournament, which ended yesterday,” he said.
Daplin was older than Lanosha but not much different.
“Since November this year when they filed a petition against this decision of the state government and after the Meghalaya High Court in its hearing has quashed the notice, we express our gratitude and appreciation. “I am happy for those who have supported our demand,” said Assistant Professors of St. Anthony's College Shillong, Babu Brighstarwel Marbaniang and Babu Batskhem Myrboh.
The Director of Bosco Pnar, Fr.Francisco Dhar, urged all the participants to take advantage of this training program without wasting their time. Domestic Solution will be 350 hours and General Plumbing will be 410 hours and not less than three months.
Furthermore, free rice, ie rice under the PMGKAY scheme, will be distributed at 5 kilos per capita for those who do not have AAY and PHH ration cards. All FPS dealers have been directed not to distribute any food items under the PMGKAY, NFSA and Non-NFSA schemes. Those farmers who do not have Aadhaar Card and those who have lost their ration cards should be deprived of ration.
Many prohibited plastic items, including straws, disposable items and plastic bags were seized during the raid.
At the same time, he said that those who spread the video of the rape of many wives, the punishment is severe even up to life imprisonment.
When these companies like Swiggy come to provide income to our youth here in the state, we see that our rulers first listen and don't say anything about their arrival.
Before entering the KHADC, the KSU members shouted outside while they were walking along the road.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 1,804 and the death toll has risen to 1,3
In a statement, the HNLC strongly condemns the actions of the Police led by the foreign SP.
Preparations for the tournament will start today at Jagiroad, Assam and end on 8th March. The next day on the 8th the team will leave for Andhra Pradesh, while the four teams will leave for turn to your respective districts.
The ammunition seized was intended to be delivered to the GNLA, police said.
The Joint Commissioner of the city, N Haque, has been appointed to investigate the death of Kharkongor and has been given time to submit a report within 48 hours to find out the cause of her death. He also asked him to find out whether this is true or not.
This instruction should be posted on those carrying these items along with the Care in Transit labels.
The union also informed that this is only the beginning of the protest and if the government does not do anything besides what has been announced many times.
On the 14th of this month, the school has held a special program to honor this former student.
Shillong: The Publicity Secretary of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) War Jaintia Circle, Bah Ricky Mukhim today sent a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and Jt.
The tournament is also part of the selection of the players who will represent the district in the State Championship 2023 to be held this year.
The UDP Youth Wing has urged its members not to be misled by such leaders who think only for their own interests, said a statement from the UDP Youth Wing.
Hindu Maha Sabha-1906Why was the Hindu Maha Sabha established? In 1906, Nawab Waqur-ul-Mulk founded a Muslim political party.
“I am surprised to see in the newspapers that I hold two posts as MDC and Peon, I have resigned since 8th November, 2016, these documents are with me, I will think what to do about this. “I will think about whether I should go to the law,” said Ricky Shullai, who added that this has tarnished his image especially during this election.
“It would be good if the residents of this village were tested for COVID-19,” said Bah Lambor Malngiang.
Therefore, are these shopkeepers or market dwellers in Mawkyrwat market or are they the people who come to the market who are so rude? Does cleanliness only in the front of their homes bring health or a clean environment?
On the other hand, the Umïam Fire Brigade, who rushed to the scene on receiving the information, tried to extinguish the fire.
A CT scan uses radiation, equivalent to 300-400 X-rays, and this can cause cancer later, especially if tested in younger people.
He concluded by saying that the presence of HDFC Bank in Mawkyrwat will help the people not to have too difficult to complete their work in relation to the bank.
Andrew said that the Dorbar Shnong Laitumkhrah has already identified a place (on Veronica Lane) to provide a parking space for the people so that they will not have to turn to the footpaths.
Shillong, Naitung 16 : The Assam government has decided to settle the border with four neighboring states to fulfill the wish of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to see the unity of the North East. Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma today said that the country's economy is experiencing a slowdown.
The event was attended by the Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Trinamool Committee, Bah James S Lyngdoh who was the chief guest. men and women to young children.
In addition, the Minister said; “There is no extra cost through the collapse of the dome, but the cost is based on the need for more equipment, but I don't have all the details here because we still need to discuss in the He also expressed his confidence that the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will be able to hold its first session on the construction site. the new one in the coming month.
If the designer of the football field loses to the donor of the jersey or uniform, it shows that the thinking of the people is still far behind.
Chachat UP School Rongjeng beat Sibsingh Memorial High School Rongjeng by 3 goals.
Bah DD L Nongbri said that as a group of farmers, they have gone to ask for help from the leaders but there has been no response to the need to help the farmers so that they can walk and come back safely. even in the midst of rain in winter.
Police in East Jaintia Hills on Thursday seized 51 kilograms of Kynja from four persons from Tripura.
In their first innings, Meghalaya scored 82 runs for one out and were 129 runs short of Manipur's 211 runs.
Two of the deceased were from South West Khasi Hills and West Khasi Hills Districts.
Nongpoh: U Rahim Dkhar of Nongpoh, Nongpoh, has committed suicide by hanging himself at his house in Nongpoh, this morning at 3 pm.
The Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, today sent his congratulations to Sheikh Hasina on her party's victory in the Bangladesh Parliament. post on the 'X'.
He denied rumors that he may not contest from the Congress.
“I don't know where the money is going while the road is like a hell of a dog and a place for pigs when they say that the road is the budlum of development,” said Dr R Phawa. they are still being thrown into the countryside.
There is no time to read the Bible, but it is not morning until late at night, many hours, a day spent with yourself.
Amebaaihunsha received distinction in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education, Khasi while Arghadeep received Letter Marks in English, Mathematics, Science and Technology, Social Science, Health and Physical Education and Alternate English.
The Government shall protect the right to life and freedom of every citizen in accordance with the meaning of that right.
Four districts of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa have witnessed strong winds since Saturday evening, in which 15 people have died in Bannu district, including five siblings from Bannu district. ages 2 to 11 years.
The Karnataka Legislative Assembly has ended today without any show of power between the Congress, JDS and BJP governments. It is understood that the dorbar will be held again on the 22nd November 2019 and the election will be held on the same day.
Shillong, March 05: The Chief Executive Member of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Titos Chyne, today said that the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) will launch an inquiry into the reports. illegal logging factories in Jirang, Ribhoi District.
“I have praised the state government (for relocating the residents of Them Ïew Mawlong) but the question arises why it is necessary to give them more land.
One of those rejected is a very toxic substance called radon, and the others are called radioactive solids.
The District Magistrate has restricted the entry and exit of people in the area and no one is allowed to enter and leave their homes until further notice.
Swarjeet Das scored 44 runs off 46 balls.
Of all these places, Singapore in Malaya and the Hawaiian Islands are the best growers of this fruit because there are large factories that pack this fruit in tins and ship it around the world. earth.
Nongstoiñ Police Station has arrested the suspect who has confessed to the crime.
When this was over, the Duhulia played the Sing Shad Tyngkoh.
They were identified as Okafor Kelechukwu, 22, or Vitus Okafor, Okolie Desmond, 24, and Lt. Obilom Raymond, They are also from the Bangladesh border to the Indian border.
The AH & Vety Department has banned the import and transportation of pigs from one district to another.
With the help of some residents who understood Bengali, the driver identified himself as Masum Uddin from Bangladesh and said that there were many others. Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, said that the BSF troops have fled to the forest after seeing the BSF troops. Warif Uddin Laskar and Masum Uddin have been taken to Lumshnong Police Station for further investigation and have been charged under Section 13/1 of the Foreigners Act.
These companies from which MeCEL has purchased electricity are Loktak (Peak-13.15, off peak-12.99 MW), Kopli (Peak-35.06, off peak-34.76 MW), Kopili-Ext (Peak-3.45, Off peak). -3.41MW), Khandong (Peak-8.52, Off peak-8.44 MW), Ranganadi (peak-47.1, off peak-46.49 MW), Doyang (peak-8.71, off peak-8.6 MW), AGBPP (Peak-34.72, off peak-34.28 MW), AGTPP (peak-9.84, off peak-9.72 MW), FSTPS (peak-10.84, off peak-8.44 MW), KHSTPS-I (peak-5.69, off peak-4.43 MW), KHSTPS- II (peak-20.33, off peak-20.33 MW), TSTPS-I (peak-6.78, offpeak-5.28 MW and already OTPC (pea-39.5, off peak-39.5 MW).
God says, “I have spoken, and I will do it: I have purposed, and I will do it”.
At that moment he heard a voice in his ears saying: Son, thy sins are forgiven thee, and thy sins are healed because of thy faith.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 231 new cases have been confirmed and 3136 active cases have been confirmed in the state.
Shortly after the arrest, the Wildlife Department of Nongpoh was informed and they came to take the skei.
All the candidates from 1-Shillong and 2-Tura parliamentary seats have already expressed their commitments and promises to achieve our State of Meghalaya.
“It seems that we drivers can't do anything and we have to drive all the time.
Himachal Chief Minister Virbhadra Singh, who was trapped in parts of Kinnaur district for about 60 hours, was able to leave the area after a helicopter arrived by the Congress party.
Shillong, March 04: The JNV (JNV) led by its President Samla P Sari has expressed its deep sorrow over the actions of the leaders of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC). to appoint Adhoc without giving public notice to the students to apply for various categories.
The MLA of the Opposition, while raising the issue, said that he has received complaints from nine schools that they have not received the midday meal. he will fight only on this.
Regarding the participation of youth in the villages, the government has allocated for the project to set up libraries for children and youth in 750 villages of the state at a cost of Rs. to T.162 crore.
The team under the leadership of Anthony Samson Andrews as head coach has strengthened the team in the production of 11 players.
“We are waiting at night in the villages because of the increasing number of thieves these days,” said Bah Ora and added that the police should patrol the area.
The Hill State People's Democratic Party (HSPDP) Youth Wing today gathered the residents of the state to hold a meeting to discuss the theme 'Khasi Jaintia State' at Dinam Hall, Jaiaw Shillong.
Out of the 514 cases, 9 cases are from East Jaintia Hills and 3 cases from Lad Rymbai.
He said that most of the time when development projects are brought into the area, there are always some obstacles here and there because some private land has to be taken.
On the other hand, the Seng said that this shad is a shad of thanksgiving to God the Creator once a year for the blessings he has bestowed upon us.
This society has welcomed Sumer with a memorial gift.
“We will be able to form our own government and we will work and continue the work we have started and lead the state forward in all aspects and we will overcome all the challenges faced by the state in these 50 years. year," he said.
Once we entered from Paikan, Assam to parts of Garo Hills, we felt humiliated and there was no peace until we reached Tura or other places.
The meeting was attended by Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Prime Minister, Met Lyngdoh, Speaker of the House, Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition, Dr WR Kharlukhi, MP Rajya Sabha and other government officials. and public representatives.
The meeting was led by Ms. Suchiang on behalf of the Government of India and Ahmed Kabir, DC Jabalpur.
Today, they could not even reach the area because of the heavy rainfall and the forest road to the east of the coal mine was too bumpy.
Through this statement, the Seng warns these companies and others who intend to set up their offices in Mawlai village not to commit fraud like what happened here in Mahindra where they started. to clean the Showroom.
“We don't want to violate the rights of others, but at the same time we don't want to be violated,” said Bah Ardent.
Sanbor was speaking at the inauguration of the road from Assamese Girls Secondary School Laban to the Basketball Ground of St John Higher Secondary School, Madan Laban which was constructed at a cost of T. Special Plan Fund (SPA) in 2017.
To paint the shops selling beef red, paint the shops selling pork white and to cover them with iit iong is a threat to us as a nation, and the government should immediately remove such rules. ," concluded the statement.
We have to monitor this and we have to ask for clarification from the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh,” said Bah Marbaniang.
“I am confident that the presence of this court in Nongpoh will provide services to the people in relation to ethnic cases, Birth Certificates and request the Police Department to investigate ethnic cases. I believe that the presence of this court will also be a source of employment for the youth who have completed their studies in the field of education. “The Council will not sit idly by and will not allow the powers of the District Council to be lost but we will continue to strengthen them from time to time,” said Bah Chyne. , he added.
Jowai: Police in East Jaintia Hills District today arrested three trucks for smuggling coal against the NGT and the Supreme Court of India.
Russian television says Moscow is now only 10 days away from the war against Ukraine.
Meghalaya through the Planning Department has sent six participants, including three herbalists, one from West Khasi Hills, one from Ri-Bhoi and Pakynteiñ from West. Jaintia Hills, there are also two scientists from the Bio Resources Development Centre (BRDC), Meghalaya, Shillong including Dr. Jennie P Lyngdoh and T. Niangjuh, Senior Scientists of the BRDC. -tary Planning Department of the State Government.
“When it comes to the forced occupation of these areas by the Assam government, it is sad because the state has lost the land which is the property of the people.
Kishore was not a good student and stayed at home most of the time after the end of his studies. After completing class 12, he stayed at home for three years. This angered his father, who is a doctor himself.
We have not received an answer whether the KHADC has built this traditional shlem on whose land, whether they have taken it away or whether it is the land of the Council,” said Bah Dkhar.
Shillong, Lber 19: Police in Garo Hills have been struggling to arrest Sub Inspector Nurul Islam for allegedly raping two girls in Garo Hills. .
Shillong, Lber 24: Two days after receiving a complaint, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA of the UDP from 18 Shillong West Constituency, has lodged a complaint against the people who lodged a complaint against him. In the complaint against him, he said that it is only to slander him and urged that the people who have committed crimes against him should be punished. new name in the complaint.
The village leaders of Khanduli together with various political parties including the JSM have strongly opposed the construction of the gate by the KAAC in Khanduli.
Linguists or linquists would laugh at us if we said this and would not accept it at all.
This theft is also a violation of the law and the decisions of the Court.
The central theme of the tournament is 'Hala Thymmei Ban Tei Ia ka Lawei' which is part of the campaign to preach and encourage children from an early age to learn and follow the teachings of the ancients. at the same time to be able to understand and understand their own traditional religious teachings.
Shillong, Jymmang : The Superintendent of Police, EKHD, Shillong, on Tuesday said that on 23.04.2022, the body of an unidentified person was found inside a house. The road is under construction in Nongrim Hill, Shillong.
The school certificates of Dulimai Pohtam and her children, Silma Pohtam (para), land documents, bank passbooks, office (SSA) documents: UC & Order, all the costs of this fire have reached foot.
So I ask why does this happen?? Is it a failure of the company or not???.
However, this is not the first time that there has been a dispute or difference of opinion on the slaughter of cows which has caused confusion among the BJP members in the state.
Meghalaya Non-Conventional & Rural Energy Development Agency Recruitment: Accounts AssistantApplications are invited for Meghalaya Non-Conventional & Rural Energy Development Agency Recruitment: Accounts Assistant.
It was seen from above that only those children were shipiah or children who came from the blood of a Khasi mother and a foreigner father.
In a statement, the BJP said that these remarks of the MP are only an attempt to mislead the people of the state. There has been no talk of banning the sale of cow meat in the state.
Speaking on the development works in his constituency in South Tura in the past five years, he said that the people have demanded street lights, community halls, water supply, roads to the villages in South Tura. , and all these have been completed in many villages and there is also one village which has even demanded a scheme to build a swimming pool.
Speaking to UDP leaders, Bah S.Lyngdoh, said that the office itself has struggled hard to implement the project, but as the office it has faced many difficulties in implementing the project. The project, which has cost billions of rupees, has been delayed due to the incompletion of the Umsning By-Pass.
Shillong: U Minister of Home Affairs, Bah Lakmen Rymbui, today appealed to the civil society groups not to do anything that will put the residents in fear and instability in the country. state.
The people who get this job are only Khasi,” said Sangma.
However, this idea did not come true due to the arrival of the guests at the venue.
“Stop the desire to destroy the Khaddar rule, we know that there are those who want to help them, but we tell them that they should not be the pioneers but they should be the blockers,” said the President. KSU Samla Lambokstar Marngar who spoke on the intention of politicians to help foreigners register to vote in the state.
There was a kind of hole in the ground where the lyngkhot shyieng doh was lying.
When asked whether women will now take part in politics after the Rew Act, Conrad said that now that there is a share, the Rew Act will be part of the the women shall come forward, for the men shall no more fight from the places where the women are set apart.
Generrous recalled that from time to time the meat vendors have requested the Hima Mylliem to stop the daily market at the cow market in Khanapara but he said that the request has been rejected. They have not reached anywhere and that is why they have taken this strong step.
The Aquaculture Mission-II has been allocated T.377 crore for the next five years and T.94 crore has already been allocated this year.
He said that when the BJP government passed the law to ban the smuggling of cows or the slaughter of cows, the ethnic parties did not say anything.
It is up to you to choose whether or not to do so.
The hotel is located at Khyndai Lad opposite the old Dorbar Hall on an area of ​​28,869 sq ft and is owned by the MTDC. Standard rooms, 30 Deluxe rooms, 5 suites, Coffee shop for 100 people, Restaurant for 80 people, Bar for 50 people, Disco, one Bonquet Hall, Convention 250 people, smaller meeting rooms, a beauty parlor with a gym, a parking lot for 50 vehicles and 50 shops.
However, he said that the Excise department has been facing many difficulties when conducting raids because the sellers are very aware and most of the time before the Excise officials arrive, they have hidden all the drugs. They sell drugs and this department cannot arrest those people who sell drugs if they cannot seize them.
“There is a serious problem in India because we are fighting against each other in the name of religion, caste, colour, and others,” Mohanty said.
"We'll set this up for trial in May," the jury said.
“The RTI reply received by the union does not satisfy at all regarding the transfer of police and officers and the RTI reply shows the intention to cover up the wrongdoing,” he said.
On behalf of the children of Sutnga Elaka, we request the Minister Incharge to investigate for himself so that he can find out the truth. Elaka,” said Pynbait and added that the ECC has seen the attitude of the present government which wants to kill all the children of the Elaka and has not respected the ECC despite the the road is wide open.
Thus many at this time of the Laodicean church will fall away from the faith to people's opinion without the work of the Spirit of God but the work of the evil spirit.
If anyone gets corona from those who go to church, we request the government to fulfill its duty as you have done to the market dwellers, car drivers and others.
Up to 93738 people have been infected in the past few years but 92096 have recovered.
According to sources, the residents of Harlibagan area in Byrnihat have also been affected by the smoke from factories. The residents of the village and the students of Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Byrnihat have also been affected.
The number of cases in Russia has risen to 6,80,283 and in India to 6,73,165, the Johns Hopkins University in the United States said this morning.
Rainfall in the last 24 hours in Shella – 94.0, Khliehrait – 120.4, Sohra – 128.8, Tura – 128.0, Mawphlang – 79.8, Tikrilla – 113.8, Mawkyrwat – 135 .
According to Singh, Alliance Air has announced that it will resume flights and ticket purchases will start.
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has gathered students to march in Shillong today as part of the support for the President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP), Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit. The meeting has been held for five days to force the MDA government led by the National People's Party (NPP) to reconsider its reservation policy.
The SSA 2nd Division Football League 2023 will be played between Pohkseh Sports Club and Imson Sports Club at 11.30 pm tomorrow and the second match will be played at 2.30 pm. Lumshyiap Sports Club will play against Smit Sports Club.
Shillong, March 27 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that all the reports of the investigation appointed by the government on various allegations against the MDA government have been found to be true. everything is not true.
He said police are conducting investigation into the incident.
Mawkyrwat, Nailar, 18: The South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SWKHDSA) together with the office of the Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District with the support of the office of the District Sports Officer, The 5th Annual Swimming Competition was held at Phot Umnew, Mawkyrwat.
Through this inspection, the HANM Leader said that the HANM is saddened to know that many Khasi youths have gone to work in other states just because of The union also suspects that there may be discrimination against Khasi youth and which has led to them not being able to work in these factories. There are more foreigners than Khasi working in these factories.
In Zone 2, West Garo Hills won the toss and elected to bat first. West Garo Hills won the toss and elected to bat first. WKH scored 184/10 in 57.5 overs while WKH scored 10/0 shi over before the end of the day's match.
