The look down prayer is the prayer of the Pharisee who asked the tax collector.
He said that we are now looking for ways and means to maintain and follow this method of giving medicines so that it should not disappear in India, because in other countries of the world people treat and continue to do so. They should teach other generations about this herbal medicine so that it will not disappear.
At the same time, before the awarding ceremony, there will also be an awareness program on “Drugs Abuse” which will be explained by experts from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
The project is scheduled to be constructed on an area of ​​1.34 hectares at a cost of Rs 138 crore.
The ILP, the inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule have been passed by the Assembly only to stir up the protests of the people. .
Rao Nongtri, Publicity Secretary, RBYF Western Zone, said that the RBYF is saddened to see that many of the people in the rural areas, still have that spirit of fear or confusion, just after the Therefore, the CHC urges the public not to be afraid or confused and not to look down on the health workers, because they They are the ones who have worked hard and dedicated themselves, by playing chess, in order to prevent the spread of COVID-1
It is learned that Bah Mathius wanted to sell the fish because he did not want to eat it, because the body of the fish had only shiah suda; He also wanted people to keep it in a separate fish because it is a strange fish and doesn't get better.
Therefore, when the thieves are imprisoned, they suffer a lot and do not like to stay inside.
He said that many young men and women are involved in such jobs by being deceived to get jobs.
Shillong: The Jesus Christ Crib gate under the Red Cross Bridge Laban has been damaged and set on fire by unidentified robbers. on the 29th of this month.
Shillong: U Minister of State for Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui today informed the House that there are about 9000 students in the state who have not yet received post matric scholarships and The reason is that the online forms have been filled incorrectly by two or three times and the other reason is that they are incomplete or there are errors in the bank account.
Nongsiej said that it was because of this problem that the biscuit farmers were complaining that he had to take a big decision to contest this election because he has a responsibility for the farmers.
Dr. Mukul wanted Conrad to call for a meeting on the issue.
Nongstoin, March 24: A meeting of the landowners and coal traders, which was held today at Shallang, in the presence of Khasi Lyngngam, Garo and others, expressed their strong opposition to the coal mining. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has continued to ban coal mining.
The meeting was held yesterday at the Dorbar Hall of Mawkdok.
He said that from Karbi, Assam Police came and from Lapangap, Saitsama Police Outpost came to protect them.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Tomorrow, 26th November, will be the first death anniversary of the HSPDP leader, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh.
Dozens of Waheh Shnongs and Village Authorities of different villages attended the meeting.
The CM also recalled the success story of the “Lakadong Mission” launched by the government in the first phase which played an important role in the development and marketing of musli musla produced. Lakadong shynrai has been increased by 15 percent through the use of new technology which has also created employment opportunities among women under the leadership of self-help groups. group to improve the income of the villagers.
The kynrem lyndan in their sponge, sut and but, while the kynthem lyndan in the pairkyhyllong, the nara, the muka and the thohsaru.
Times have changed then, how much more so in the last fifty years.
He hoped that they would score three points from today's home match.
To be an MDC means to be a legislator and a legislator, not to sit like a Thlong in the Legislative Assembly.
The Langpih sector shall be based on the characteristics of the residents in terms of ethnicity, customs, religion, marriage, language. and the rule of the land.
Sengkur Phawa Siangshai: The Sengkur Phawa Siangshai, according to a statement sent by the President of the Sengkur, Helping Phawa, strongly condemns the rape of a schoolgirl by unknown robbers. can never be identified.
The aim is to make India a hub of research.
“In our state, many of the churches are large and cannot accommodate more than 100 people. review and revise the rules issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs"
The KSU under the leadership of its General Secretary Samla Donald V. Thabah has visited these two refugees at NEIGRIHMS Hospital and promised to inform the authorities that the Government will pay for the treatment of these two refugees. two victims while in the midst of treatment.
In the end, MLP FT won by two goals and qualified for the quarter final of the tournament.
Let us stop and break the old ways of thinking that leaders or legislators are only ATMs, or only medicine distributors, distributors of football jerseys to clubs, or guests. they didn't spread the news without a smile.
The construction of additional classrooms for 110 schools has been completed under the Rashtriya Higher Education Abhiyan. "he said.
At the same time, Bah Lyngdoh urged the people to support the Khasi filmmakers by watching this film and said that the villagers want to watch Khasi films.
The work is about 20% complete and the scheduled completion date is July
Shillong: Two cows have died shortly afterwards while two others have been injured in a tragic incident when a pyrthat struck at 11.40 pm this morning. injured.
Curtis said that according to the written statement from the Hima, the revenue of the Hima is T.45,000 for two years but the expenditure is T.210,900 lakh, and the Hima owes T. 1.65 lakh to the private sector.
In the final round of the inter-College Quiz Competition conducted by Bah Nicholas Jyrwa, a prominent quiz leader from the city, seven teams took part in the final round.
Besides, the EC team of KHADC was also accompanied by Bah Pyniaid Singh Syiem, DyCEM, Lamphrang Blah, Chairman, Charles Marngar, Rangkynsai Kharbuki EM, Teibor Pathaw. EM, Avijit Kro MAC Chinthong Constituency along with a group of Village Leaders including Bah Blik Sohtun Chairman of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Border Area, Syiem Khynnah of Raid Nongtung. and the Village Headman.
In this regard, the police and other security agencies have stated that they have not found anything suspicious, the police chief said, adding that the Air Traffic Control (ATC) ) was also not detected.
Before sowing the seeds through this dance, they pray and ask for the blessings of God the Creator.
They added that the FKJGP will not stand idly by, but will fight as much as possible to protect its own land and also to cooperate with the people of the Hima.
In the U-7 and U-9 categories, Langsning won the junior category while in the U-11 category, Cayotes won 4-1
Many political parties have demanded the removal of SB Shashank, CEO of the state, for allegedly being biased in the registration of Bru voters and also the removal of Lalnunmawia Chuaung, CEO of the state. He is the Principal Secretary (Home) of the State Government.
In another match, between the teams from Group A, the girls of Kick Start Football Coaching Center beat Umpling SC 1-0 In the second match, Lawei's girls worked hard from the start of the tournament, in which Innocia Tympuin scored the first goal, after Mawkriah West's goal. The ball went straight to Lawei No.
Manoranjan's father said, “If he has done something that violates the rights of society, he is not my son either.
Shillong: U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, has sent his condolences to the people of Odisha affected by the cyclone Fani. 1 crore for the benefit of the people of Odisha as a whole.
The Dorbar Shnong Tuberkmai Shnong has decided to hold this election to elect candidates, said a source close to the Rangbah Shnong.
The investigation was given 30 days to complete.
These houses, which were visited by the MLA and MDC, include the house of Kong Silda Mukhim and Aibalin Mukhim, which caught fire on the morning of the 14th and lost all their belongings. all their possessions, from being destroyed by fire.
On the other hand, the DC promised in front of the leaders of the party in the presence of the Asst Waheh Chnong of Thangskai to take care of this issue within two months and also promised to send a letter to the UIDAI (Unique Identification Authority of India) to take responsibility for this.
Esther 9: 11-12.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) Ma Thombor Shiwat has donated rice seeds and fertilizers to the farmers in his constituency, Nartiang. Umladang on the day of Ar.
Shillong: There have been 79 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 60 recoveries have been made today.
This means that if you don't tell anyone, no one can know who you support with your vote.
He said the main purpose of this policy is to protect the fish, the rivers, to prevent the pollution of the rivers, to maintain the water bodies, in which the government will cooperate with the village authorities, groups and kurs who have areas with shniew or tyllong um.
Bremly said that the farmers in the state are still 50 years behind the farmers in Punjab and speaking on the problems of the farmers in the state, he said. They are controlled by the Marwaris, who are in the hands of our farmers”.
Hek explained the allegation of corruption by the doctors and nurses at Dangar PHC which led to the death of a poor woman at the PHC. No full report has been received on the incident, but according to the information they have received, the mother has been suffering from the disease since the birth of her first child.
The Block Development Officer, Ranikor C&RD Block, Bah AL Bareh, MCS in his speech said that the Ranikor C&RD Block has been in existence for 30 years and he has been the BDO of Ranikor C&RD Block. 15 among the BDOs who have been able to complete the work.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has prepared for the election of candidates for the upcoming Assembly elections in Telangana. was missing, a senior union official said.
Shillong, October 28: The Dorbar Shnong Mawlai, Syllaikariah, on Friday decided to boycott the MP-Lok Sabha elections to be held on 19th June
In fact, the Sengbhalang has temporarily suspended the protests due to the puja from the 10th to the 16th of this month.
In the first match between Mookaswan Dongwah and Mupliang, Mupliang beat Mookaswan 3-1 with the goal scored by Dering Phawa in the 10th minute. Elijah Ryngkhlem in the 7th minute and Emi Inga Phwa in the 29th minute.
Regarding the start of the tournament, Kit Thabah said that the audition will start in the last month of June from Jaintia Hills, followed by Ri-Bhoi District, West Khasi Hills. , South West Khasi Hills and East Khasi Hills, after which there will be a Mega Audition in Shillong where the top 30 winners will be selected to reach the final.
At the time of writing, the suspect is still in police custody.
The Minister was welcomed by the two Chairman of the State Law Commission, Bah MacMillan Byrsat and Chairman of the Meghalaya State Housing Board.
"It's a pleasure for everyone," said the father. "Ha...ha...ha," laughed the son. Why are you laughing?" asked the father. "I agree with your new name," said the son. when they rested.
“It is a great honor to do our own work especially if we can improve it from time to time.
In 1980, I was selected to go for SSB (Security Service Brotherhood) training at Halflong.
Russia on this occasion said that opposition and condemnation from the entire Western countries will not change what Russia has intended from the beginning. Vladimir Putin has said Russia will not stop sending nuclear weapons to Belarus to continue the fight against Ukraine even if many countries support Ukraine.
Besides the DC knowing, the police also went to take statements, there are villages which are now ready to announce in the newspapers that I am lying and lying, and they will say that in their village there was no faithfully such a thing.
Shillong: There have been 532 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today.
There were also many leading leaders of the KSU who will retire in the coming term.
S Sadhu, Agriculture Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, launched the campaign while the Chairman of APEDA delivered a speech at the meeting.
The Center produces strawberries, strawberries, strawberries, strawberries, strawberries, mixed fruits and others.
The Government of India, in this regard, has done the same as it did in 2014-15, by not reducing the price of petrol and diesel, even though the price of petrol and diesel has decreased. take this money to yourself.
Even if the central government accepts the amendment, the two district councils of KHADC and JHADC will not receive the same benefits as the GHADC due to the lack of order in which all the ADCs fall under the jurisdiction. The Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution of the country, said Bah Dkhar.
He said that today, they have also set up a NEIPF branch in Meghalaya under the leadership of Bah Willbirth Rani who is the president of FKJGP. Conrad K Sangma was congratulated for his initiative to advocate against the Citizenship Amendment Bill 2016 introduced by the Central Government as it will destroy the indigenous people in the North East.
I want to join in.
This is the first phase of the Regional Boundary Committees which started last year and have visited these seven areas and met with the Regional Boundary Committees. residents of these places.
“Therefore, all the parts have been checked so far,” said Conrad.
The election of the 60 new Speakers to the Legislative Assembly will be held on 27th June, and the counting of votes will be held on 2nd October.
Shira was elected MLA from Mahandraganj for the first time in the 2013 MLA elections.
I left the UDP and joined the HSPDP, but I left again on the basis, because I can still leave the party than I left on the basis and the people also support the VPP, because we stand on the foundations to protect our nation”.
Sadly, the head of the company, Warren Anderson, was killed in the plane crash.
In Group-E, West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Tamil Nadu are.
In fact, many of the world's leading players such as Jason Roy, Adam Zampa (Australia), Matthew Wade, Marcus Stoinis and Moises Henriques have already signed for the tournament. in the MLC T2
There was also a threat to the office and residence of the DC of Churachandpur after a policeman named Kuki was suspended.
However, efforts have been made to provide assistance to the people only to protect them.
I promised to bring the moon before her and I will never forget that promise.
It has assured that the state government will cooperate with the central government in this regard,” he said.
EKH didn't have any trouble after it was their turn to tied.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today launched the 'Shillong-My Passion' campaign. to encourage the people of the State to maintain cleanliness across the State of Meghalaya.
The attempt to extinguish the bus did not catch fire at all but only the damage was caused by the stone throwing.
The decision to relocate the state capital includes looking at the results across the regions, the potential for economic development and the well-being for all citizens.
“We have the capacity to generate about 350 Megawatts of electricity during the rainy season but why can we generate only about 30 to 50%.
Nongrah SC beat Imson SC 17-0 to win the Second Division Football League 2023 on Friday at the SSA Stadium, Polo. .
She said that she used to play PUBG, and at the time of the incident, she was playing PUBG with four men and one of them invited her to go home.
Regarding this, the workers have expressed their anger and questioned the government, why they came to attack like this because these workers are not insurgents but only demand justice, but the government and GVK have the power.
This order of the police is part of the efforts to avoid the incidents of violence against women which are increasingly happening these days.
“If you (the Government of India) reject the Instrument of Accession (IoA), we will consider it a violation of the Constitution,” he said.
Before the start of the match, a speech was delivered by Bah Macmilan Byrsat MLA Nongstoiñ who was invited as the chief guest.
The marriage of Khasi women with mynder ri is a “custom” which can be amended by law to prohibit.
The place should not be more than 20 km from the center of Shillong, ie, from the office of the DC of East Khasi Hills.
“Likewise, today at the Cabinet meeting we finally approved the service rules of the MPSC,” said the CM.
The HSPDP has only four MDCs in the KHADC, Pyniaid Sing Syiem, LG Nongsiej, Morningstar Mawsor and Teilinia Thangkhiew while the UDP has only three MDCs. Rona Khymdeit and Bah Donkupar Sumer.
At present, 247 villages are still affected by the floods and 5,743.09 hectares of farmland have been damaged, the ASDMA said. , bridges and houses have been damaged by floods in Charaideo and Sivasagar.
In this regard, the union said that it will conduct public awareness campaigns in collaboration with the employees of MePDCL Khliehriat distribution division in the villages as much as possible through the offices of the union in East Jaintia so that the The public will be able to understand better on this issue.
After representing India in 2015, Eugene has represented the country 24 times in the Senior National Team.
Speaking to media, the mother of the child said that her daughter has been raped by this man since the beginning of the lockdown in the country. The mother received a message from her daughter over the phone.
AAY Khaw will distribute 35 kilos per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, PHH Khaw will distribute 5 kilos per month at the price of Rs.3.00 per kilo, while Non-NFSA Khaw will distribute Rs.3.00 per kilo. 7.215 kilos per month at a price of Rs.11.77 per kilo and at a price of Rs.12.34 per kilo.
For example, why the English language has grown and been spoken by many people in the world, the reason is that it has been able to preserve and preserve and what is lacking it has continued to take over. and from other nations, which continues to promote its own language.
Think of the King, who will be elected only by three hundred and forty thousand.
Other speakers on the occasion included Kitbok Rymbai, Rangbah Shnong Khliehtyrshi, Rtn.
Although the UDP has not yet announced its candidate, Dr Donkupar said the party will nominate a strong candidate to serve the people of the area when the time comes.
If you enjoy these articles please watch my videos on Youtube, the channel called Arki U DO IT (@udoit981).
Anupriya Dubey has denied the allegation, saying it was just an attempt to make her famous.
When you look at the results, you don't find a single young man or woman who is Khasi Jaintia or Garo.
Shillong, Nailur 24: The Hynniewtrep Achik National Movement (HNLC) on Saturday proposed to the HNLC, which is in ongoing peace talks with the central and state governments, to include the ILP issue, the Ktien Khasi to be included in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution and the demarcation of the border will be among the issues proposed by the HNLC as the terms of peace talks with the government.
Her father lives in South Africa and her mother lives in Ahmedabad.
He said that the State Medical Council (SMC) will look into the matter and once approved, it will accept those who have applied for a license to work in the State after paying the fee.
In the men's 55 kg category, Danial Nongkhlaw came first, Hubert Paliar came second and Shemladbha Khongwir came third.
He said that the reason why such rulers can do whatever they want may be because they see that the District Council has not done anything or punished them according to the rules of law.
This behavior of the police has forced many youths who have left the HNLC to return to the HNLC and he said that many youths who want to get ILP have now joined the HNLC. “If any of our members have been arrested, we welcome them to return to the HNLC,” said Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary and Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. The HNLC welcomes all those who are ready to face the challenges and serve the needs of the people of Hynniewtrep”.
There needs to be a boarding and alighting area, not just circling and waiting for passengers without moving.
Jacklyn Synnah (District Social Welfare, WJH) gave a training on the Prohibition of Child Marriage Act 2006 and other topics related to child marriage.
When asked about the proposal to amend the OM, he said, “There will be some improvements and we will announce these changes tomorrow or the next day, but this proposal is not The All Party Committee has not yet held a meeting.
Speaking to media after the announcement of the results, Bah Eugeneson Lyngdoh said that first of all the thanks go to God and also to his father Bah SK Sunn. who has passed away from this earth and who has received blessings from beyond.
I request the Government to protect the life of Bernard Marak and to drop all the allegations against him which have affected the dignity of the party,” said Bah Mawrie.
However, the entry of such people not only benefits the traders who are the owners of the land.
They also said that they don't feel useful to participate in the election of Rangbah Shnong, because what Bah Angelus Sun has done is that he doesn't respect the order sent by the KHADC and Sirdar.
That is – We Khasi don't respect the small.
Shillong, Lber 7: The KJP Synod Eastern service will be held at the Presbyterian Church Mynso on Friday morning until Sunday. the great prayer is still going on.
Furthermore, this will also be done within a team headed by the Chief Officer in charge including the MLA of the area, the Deputy Development Commissioner (DDC) and the Circle Officer (CO) to monitor the implementation of the project. appointment and issue numerous orders for the applicants in accordance with their rights.
He said that the face of the man has not been identified and they are still trying to find out which village he comes from.
Newspaper publishers shall not publish any 'election activity' which may affect the outcome of the election, within 48 hours expiring on the deadline for voting in violation of Section126( 1)(b) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951.
Thus, his brother was the most important relationship for Jacob's life, but because this brother was the one who had his own household even in the midst of the difficulty of working hard for his brother. himself, this time he encountered a rock and had to call for help.
This generation needs miracles and wonders from God.
Immediately after the accident, the driver of the truck fled the scene, but the civilians who found the incident only found the two men lying on the road.
The service was enriched by the songs of the choirs of the Unitarian Churches from Kyrdem Mawblang, Jowai and Nongthymmai.
It is understood that various political parties will come to support these women's organizations and the FKJGP has urged the people to turn to the Secretariat without fear.
He said that this road is the busiest road where thousands of vehicles pass through every day even those going abroad but if it collapses again, what will happen?
Jowai: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) together with the people of nine villages in West Jaintia Hills including Moopyut, Moosakhia, Umsalang, Madantyrpait, Skhenpyrsit, Muphlang, Pynthorlangtein, Samanong and Mustem have marched to Mynkjai. The Jowai Municipal has been responsible for the construction of the road.
It is no secret that the aim of these parties is to make India one country, one language, one culture, one religion and one law.
However, the Congress has won 40 MLAs in the 68-member Assembly. In the last three years, the state has won only 25 seats.
Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency is one of the constituencies which still needs roads, as it borders with Assam.
Wanniang said, “This lack of foreigners can be a sign of awakening not only for the Khasi children, but for some parents who used to work and tell “My children don't know Khasi! They don't pass well in Khasi subject, and they don't pass well in Khasi subject.
Now, except for CM Conrad Sangma who can argue with the Prime Minister, the Home Minister and other ministers because he is well educated, other ministers cannot argue. even with the officers in the state.
He also urged the Dorbar Shongs across Jaintia Hills to prevent foreigners from trading in property especially those without permits.
To be free from the discrimination that separates others and the division of status in society.
The MSPCB has been taking samples from time to time and the last time was in 2019 but the report has not been released yet.
Zent Avesta Kharmalki top scored for Thynroit with 12 runs from 20 balls, while Kyrmenskhem Nomgpluh scored 6/3 runs from 3 overs.
“They were silent at that time and said to condemn the Congress for corruption but now they have found that the present government is not only corrupt but also corrupt.
The incident occurred at 11.45 pm at a warehouse near the footpath in Pan Bazar, said Kuladhar Saikia, Director General of Police (DGP) Assam. Four persons including one of the passengers were injured in the incident.
“You have seen even in the report of the Comptroller Auditor General (CAG) that even the Cash Book has not been kept,” he said.
“Airlines have turned their backs on the outbreak of Coronavirus and the Meghalaya government should also fight against this issue and take responsibility,” he said. Adelbert.
On the same day, the new office bearers of Umsning Circle including Gilbert Nongrum-President, Bias Sylliang General Secretary and others were also confirmed.
Swer, Scientist of MSPCB, said this after a meeting with Jirang MLA, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, who has gathered officers to create the necessary facilities for the against the reduction of lyer garbage in Byrnihat.
The question is why the government and the PWD department are surprised only after the death of a person and put up road signage? Dr. Sanjoy K Shylla, Dr. Sanjoy K Shylla, has passed away in a road accident on Tuesday. This is a tragic incident and a great loss especially to his wife and three young children whom he left behind at the time of their death. The father is still needed to take care of the child and to raise him.
“The public should not worry about eating or having any illness because the test we conducted today showed that there is no formalin,” she said.
The matter is a local concern and should be best resolved peacefully by involving all the stake holder of the state.
“The Symbud Myntri Rangbah should have taken the necessary measures to resolve the issue as a local leader but it appears that he has not done so and cannot fulfill his duties as a government minister,” he said. said Mr. Nongsiang.
Here we see that God has indeed appointed Him to the highest positions only if a person lives a God-fearing life.
This was done only to please the masters in Delhi,” he said.
In the next two years, until 2026-27, T.44.10 crore will have to be paid including T.23.35 crore and interest of T.20.75 crore.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 19: The Nonglang Pungsier Angler Association, which is responsible for the protection of fish in the Tyrsung River and its tributaries, has expressed its views on the issue of Concern over the presence of opportunists to kill fish during the rainy season when the water level is low.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: The Lyiur Session of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly will start on the 6th of July and end on the 16th.
He said that the HYC will go to investigate this issue with the government if perhaps the refusal is due to fear of the political interests of the VPP. “If the VPP or the government brings political benefits, we will support it because it will be in the interest of the state and the students to advise the government on this bill with changes in some areas,” he said. said.
As the land owners, they also want to get a clear understanding of the reasons for the implementation of this project.
The Adviser & Spokesperson, Federation of Khasi States, Bah John Kharshiing, said, “It is a great loss for the Khasi people as a whole. I can't list all the works here but I would like to express my concern for the urgent need for the protection of the jaidbynriew where we can't forget that I was one of the leading youth 42 years ago who struggled to unite political parties to get a three-flag government in 1978-1
The Kanyakumari MP was admitted to Apollo Hospital on 10th July 2020 for treatment of a serious illness.
Mawkyrwat: Two brothers from Mawlangwir village on Saturday became the winners of the Mawkyrwat Ultra Marathon 2018 organized by the Meghalaya Association in Shngimawleiñ village. Director of Sports Department, Office of the Deputy Commissioner of South West Khasi Hills in collaboration with the District Sports Promotion Society.
Those who sin are like saying to the Lord, “Get away from me, I will no longer obey you, I will no longer serve you, I will no longer acknowledge you as my Lord: I will not servants iame.
“This is not a Special Session.
All three judges declared that the order was wrong, which forced the citizens of the country to stay at home during the curfew.
Nongpoh: A cow truck (AS-02-AC-9225) carrying 17 cows, overturned on the NH on Saturday night at 10 pm. -6 which falls under the village of Jyntru in Ri Bhoi.
Amazon plans to use radio as part of Mission GraHAQ, which aims to reach out to the residents of Shillong and make them conscious consumers.
He wrote in a newspaper: “The Khar Congress in Shillong act as if they have taken over the whole of our Khasi Hills”. Where? – Evanton M.Reade King).
Thermal screening should be obtained from the DMHO office at a fee before entering the places of worship. , they shall enter into the place of worship.
“Kpa Wabok, I don't feel like listening to myself anymore, because I feel close to you and your family, that's why I took the time to come out like this.
The deterioration of this road has angered the residents of many villages who use this road, as it has caused a lot of trouble in coming and going and especially when there are seriously ill people.
They live by storing things, food and many other things.
In fact, Amit Shah was scheduled to visit the city on the 7th of next month but had to postpone due to illness.
There will also be a costume contest for children under 10 years old, slow bicycle race, mawpoint, penalty shootout, musicians from Colors, Jlawdohtir, DJ Cube, DJ Meban and others shall be cleansed on that day.
The road was constructed under the Special Fund Plan at a cost of T.5.30 crore, including the 1.8km road from Umlakhar to Umdohkha and another road from Umlakhar to Umdohkha. 4.30km from Umlakhar to Umtrai and the road is scheduled to be completed by June
Shillong: Ka Sohra, has received heavy rainfall in the past few days.
Besides, the electricity generation in the state is only 88 million units but the electricity demand is 200 million units and the state's electricity shortage is 112 million units.
According to this order, no collection of money in the District without the permission of the Office of the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, Shillong or any Government authority shall be prohibited. be wicked and do evil deeds.
The arrested were identified as Wanbor Lang Nongrum, a contractor and owner of the coal mine, Steward Dkhar.
Solang said that since last month when he saw in the media that Dr. Noinglait has joined the BJP and appeared on the list of candidates for MP ticket, he has tried. He also met with the leading leaders of the HSPDP who supported her during her MLA election from Mawthadraishan and also met with her supporters. Nonglait has won the BJP ticket and will give his full support.
Fears of sickness, poverty, peace, fear of failing jobs, fear of people and fear of those things that will happen that the greatest fear is death.
If only 50 people come to mourn you, know that when they are buried, 500 people will get sick and die, including your children.
From this ceasefire, we can understand how tense the situation in Manipur is even after 10 months of conflict.
Do we lose our right to give away? Those who lose our right to give away are the Rympei ksan.
Shillong: Ida Shisa Nongrang, IPS, who is currently the Additional Director General of Police (SB), has been appointed as the Special Director General of Police, Meghalaya.
Recalling the works of his father as a leader, Bantei said that one of the greatest works of Maham was the establishment of Mawmluh Cherra Cement Limited (MCCL). The factory is now the source of income for the people of Sohra.
This is the problem of the farmers and because the more you farm, the more you grow and the more you grow.
Tamanna Parvin fell as soon as she released her last spear in the women's category, but despite her fall, her last spear managed to win her third place. and she won the bronze medal.
“We will fight from the front in UP and we will never fight from behind.
“We want an explanation as to when the village sold the land to the airport and if it does so, it is for the benefit of the village and the state as a whole.
The State Planning Board should appoint persons who are knowledgeable in economics, education, health, agriculture and so on. They cannot advise the Government on how to implement the issues raised by the Planning Board.
The Word of God says, “What shall we say then? Shall we continue in that sin? Doesn't that gift increase? Not so yes! How shall we, that are dead to sin, live any longer therein? Do you know? For as many of us as were baptized into Jesus Christ were baptized into his death? Therefore we were buried with him by baptism into his death. That as Christ was raised from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life. Romans 6:1-4.
Shillong, Naiwieng 03 : A group of four organizations including the HYC, HANM, EJNC, JSM and CORP on Friday demanded from the state government through the Symbud Myntri Rangbah to provide special funds ( allowances) so that those who live in Them-ïewmawlong can leave the area.
Before reaching this position, Bah DP Wahlang held many departments of the Government.
Speaking to reporters, the CEM said that they had already sent this to the government and the Governor but it has come back.
Information should be sought on the implementation of this scheme.
purchase of vehicles, build offices, pay TA, DA to ministers and officers and all government employees.
In the past six years, the number of medical colleges in the country has increased to double.
The EC shall seek ways and means for the benefit of the Council.
Then he thought carefully and after that, he replied that he agreed with the decision, but he left it to me to convince both the actresses.
When it is taken out of the house, the leaves are selected and separated according to their beauty.
Verma finished.
The court stated that without receiving the new report, a final decision would not be made for now.
If anyone should hand over to the police for further investigation.
The Prime Minister has set a priority to complete the task set before him by the Chief Executive Members.
Mr. Damewanhi L.Rymbai, in his speech as the chief guest, expressed the need to do many things to rebuild the world by encouraging everyone to remember the 3Rs (Reduce, Reuse & Recycle).
It is a threat to the country and the nation when our Khasi Pnar women become the holders of Pattas, Land Holding Certificates, Trading Licenses, Labor Licenses, Work Permits and No Objection Certificates.
Aguster Jyrwa General Secretary KSU said that the need for the 8th Schedule to enrich the Khasi language and to avoid the KHALISH language was discussed by Donboklang. He said that the 13 political parties are still standing on the same ground to demand the implementation of the ILP from the state government.
If we take into account the population of the present day, there is no doubt that the Khasi-Jaintia population is more numerous than the Garo.
He said that in the operation to arrest those involved in drug trafficking, the police department has introduced many measures to curb drug trafficking and to increase awareness among the public to avoid the use of drugs.
While inspecting the site, these leaders from Ri Bhoi, had a meeting with Kong RM Kurbah, DC of Ri Bhoi, to find out about the shortcomings and if any assistance is needed from the government.
Before the start of the tournament, a short meeting was held in the presence of Bah Alexander Syiem, President of the School Managing Committee. servant of the Lord in the Church of Christ, Mawlai Nonglum.
Shillong: The Mawjrong Youth Association (MYA) has held an inter school debate competition in Laitkroh District on the theme “The rapid development of science brings peace and prosperity in many areas” on the 16th of July 2019 at the hall of St Peters School.
The VHP said that the slogan Jai Shree Ram is a custom in which Hindus shout as part of the honor of Lord Rama and the VHP members did not shout any words to cause differences of opinion with other religions.
“Therefore, we need to be vigilant, we should not be fooled by promises of employment especially from unknown people,” said Bah DSL Nonglait. thank you, and the villagers especially are afraid because they are stupid.
He said that as of now, the police have not been able to verify whether the Ksiar is genuine or fake, but the police will investigate to find out whether it is genuine. or false.
The state government wants the talks in the remaining meetings to be between the Chairman and the General Secretary of the HNLC. If the cases against these leaders cannot be resolved, they will not be able to take part in the ongoing chess talks. The HNLC announced the appointment of Bah Teimiki Laloo as the new Vice Chairman and to take part in the peace talks; However, the HNLC, through Bobby Marwein, Chairman cum C in C of the HNLC, has held this talk, which will lead to the surrender of the HNLC members. The HNLC and Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary, have made it clear that they are against any attempt to seek temporary peace and which prevents self-determination.
After talking to the JJA leaders from Jaintia Hills and the CEM, it was found that this action of him is only to intimidate the journalists who have already published a story about his resignation. CEM in a meeting with another political party from Jaintia Hills in recent days.
The people want peace and order and do not expect the candidates to be instigators and troublemakers just to win elections.
Dr. I.Kjam, District Veterinary Officer, spoke about many of the schemes that the farmers can take advantage of.
The team, led by coach Daisy Marweiñ, left the city on Friday and will play from the 11th to the 14th of this month at Sarusajai Sports Complex.
The number of cases of Covid-19 in India has risen sharply with 1,944 confirmed cases and 59 deaths. die.
Shillong: After the women of Nohwet village under Pynursla in Raid Rangnah, Khyrim Syiemship, have petitioned the Meghalaya High Court to allow the women to participate in the in the election of Rangbah Shnong; The Meghalaya HC on 14th October 2022 has ruled that women can participate along with men in the election of Rangbah Shnong.
Shillong, July 15 : After 27 years of heavy rainfall in Sohra, Sohra has broken the record for heavy rainfall in the last 24 hours. The rainfall was 811.6mm, the highest in July since 1995, the Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said.
The President stays here from time to time for 10 years and also performs his duties.
Regarding this suggestion from the Khasi living in Bangladesh, Sordar Mukertila said that he will arrange to hold another meeting, where he will gather all the chiefs who have fallen into the trap. The meeting will be held soon next month at Umsyiem village, where these Khasi Rangbah Shnongs from Bangladesh will also attend. Bangladeshis who steal should not be arrested and handed over to the law.
He said that the officials of the Fisheries Department have to work hard and ensure that the fish imported from outside the state should be safe for consumption otherwise the department has to stop the import of fish for the health of the people of the state.
Avoid inaccurate or suspicious websites and be careful before opening any messages you receive by email, SMS or links.
On this occasion, the leaders of the Hima Mylliem including the Ministers who conducted the election meeting, after Samla Baïateilang Lapang was elected as the new Rangbah Shnong of Umroi, Nongrah, He also gave the Syrnot to Samla Baïateilang Lapang as the full Rangbah Shnong of Umroi Nongrah.
Four candidates, Pala, Pastor PBM, Paul Lyngdoh and Shibun Lyngdoh of the BJP, have been fighting in almost all the constituencies. In 2009, Pala received 62,039 votes, UDP 21,130 and Pastor PBM 13,850 votes. According to the information received, it is understood that there is a fierce contest between these four candidates, while besides these there are other candidates from this district. One of the candidates from Jaintia Hills, it is understood that as the owner of the village, he has a lot of votes, especially because he is a riewrim and not a newcomer to the MP election. The contest between Pala, Paul and Pastor PBM is very strong, although there are some places where Shibun Lyngdoh is strong.
In the chat, Malkit said that his life has been ruined because he has become addicted to drugs and this is because his mother has been too drunk. for thou art not worthy.
For example, the Election Commission has announced that “no money, no vote”, because if you give 15,000 rupees, you get 8 tyngka per day, 10,000 rupees, 5 tyngka per day. day, 5 thousand 2 shekels a day, 2 thousand shekels a day.
We have seen that many of the Assembly Constituencies in the Bri u Hynniewtrep have been contested by the Garo people and there have been those who have won and become MLAs and Nongmihkhmat by the Garo people in the Bri u Hynniewtrep. Walking blindly, we should wake up and not be deceived anymore by the auctioneers and slave sellers of our beloved country and nation.
“We have recovered three firearms from them.
The DBF has launched programs to empower women in other neighboring villages, and to eradicate poverty through the development of this sector.
Therefore, let the Dorbar Shnongs be free from politics and strong enough to work and fulfill their functions.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Metbah said that the distribution of these tablets is a great opportunity for the students to receive such assistance from the Government. I don't have any money.
The ASHA leaders said that recently, the state government has already released the amount of T.1,60,01,000 to the ASHAs. June and June 2021-22 to all ASHA workers in the state.
Senses : the senses are the strength and ability of the mental body to work or carry; knowledge is that you feel in yourself what is happening as it should be.
I will not contest this election,” said Mahajan.
Nongsder is a village under the jurisdiction of Pynursla Civil Sub Division and is not less than 30 kilometers from Pynursla where the office of the SDO PHE is located.
For God does not show partiality to anyone, whether black or white, Christian, Hindu, Muslim, Khasi, Jew, Gentile, or Greek. and so on and so forth.
Biang2 good behavior because he has done too much politics, instead of reporting.
On this occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is true but he has not yet received her resignation letter.
He also urged the need to maintain peace and harmony.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong today urged the public to inform the government by calling 108 if anyone needs to enter the Guwahati Medical College Hospital and Dr.B. Burma Cancer Institute in Guwahati before and after 23rd June
Murmu, who defeated Opposition candidate Yashwant Sinha, is the first president to be born after India gained independence.
However, Sutnga SSCC opened the scoring in the 61st minute through Ioanis Suchen.
Inaugurating the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex, he said, “I would like to assure you that this government is dedicated to the youth of the state.
However, MDA 1.0 has faced some of the anger of the people, MDA 2.0 has to think through the spread of the fire, not to count the people, the teachers because those who sit in the opposition are also Ardent Miller, Charles Marngar, Ronie V Lyngdoh, Dr Mukul Sangma and others have been involved.
Speaking to media after the meeting at the Secretariat, Congress MLA Ronnie V Lyngdoh said that the State Government through the Prime Minister has made it clear that the implementation of the Since 1972, it is only the beginning of the implementation of the Reservation Policy.
With respect to the Head of the Dangle Education Department of the Government of Meghalaya and also to all the teachers, as one of the teachers of the Secondary Section, WJH District, Smt.
Shillong, June 14: Four persons were injured when a vehicle carrying Liquefied Petroleum Gas (LPG) cylinders suddenly exploded due to a lightning strike, police said.
In her bag, there were a few illnesses, which she had put inside and she entered and hid inside the bank on Tuesday.
In terms of accommodation and safety, Chandigarh and Nagaland scored the best.
During the inquiry, the Seng has received accurate information that the timber used in the construction of houses has been smuggled into Assam without proper documents.
Therefore, the Seng urges those who wish to participate in these programmes, please inform the President or Secretary as soon as possible so that they can take the necessary action.
He has been working as the Disease Investigation Officer of the Directorate of Veterinary Department in the State since
Shillong, Jymmang 21 : The National People's Party (NPP) and Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that all the leaders of various political parties including the BJP, The NPP “will remain close to the people of Meghalaya” after the MLA elections on 27th June.
Meanwhile, Bah Alertson Nongbri MCS, who is the Additional Deputy Commissioner in charge of Mairang Civil Sub Division, will now take over as the Additional Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District from 10th November .
The Government of India has implemented the National Rural Livelihoods Mission (NRLM) scheme to improve income generation in rural areas to alleviate rural poverty through the development of Self Help Groups. Help Groups (SHGs) especially for women.
She said that it was through Bah Allan that the Monolith Festival of KHADC was able to be promoted. part of Sohra and others.
The District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS on the 7th of this month has imposed Section 144 CrPC against the felling of trees, quarrying of shyiap, quarrying of stone, wash clothes, vehicles and throw garbage in the Myntdu River and its surrounding areas to protect the River from pollution.
Rympei PIP Sports Club has won the title of the 1st Open to All Veteran Cup Football Tournament organized by Marlangki & Friends.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the owners of the houses said that the total damage has reached 10 lakh tyngka.
Also present on the occasion were DMHO Dr S.Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Lower Lumparing Bah Doncaster Shabong, Rangbah Shnong of Upper Lumparing Bah HB Wahlang, Rangbah Shnong of Riat Laban Football Hall Shaiphar Wahlang and others. .
Speaking to u SP News Agency, President AM Shadap said that the party has also erected a signboard at the site which reads “Phan Nonglait Fall” and wants to turn it into a recreation area. It is located on Mairang-Rani Godown Road.
Shylla said that it is for this reason that there is a need for government markets in Khapsor like 7 Mer and Lad Smit so that the farmers can bring their produce there and if it is not a market they can release it. the price of the Minimum Support Price.
The Behdeinkhlam festival will start on the 14th and end on the 17th of November at Tuber Kmai Village.
Many parts of this road have collapsed and the soil from inside has fallen and damaged the road.
At the same time, the JSU understands that if the students do not attend classes and continue their studies, the JSU will take strong action.
Many of these illegal factories have been closed down and the search for the owners is ongoing.
Bah Lambok also compared the Khasi community with other communities in Meghalaya where there is a shortage of young people who can earn a living from music because there is a shortage of leaders and guides. but through the presence of these competitions , it is also a message to those in power who hold the power of the Khadar rule to turn their attention to the youth of the country and if the government wants To develop the talents of the youth, policies should be introduced in line with the current situation.
As we have all seen, we don't see the appearance of the river anymore, especially during the dry season.
He said he was pleased after Amit Shah announced to exempt the CAA from the Sixth Schedule but it was not enough as the exemption was only for 97 seats in the state.
The Department of Cardiothoracic and Vascular Surgery (CTVS) at NEIGRIHMS has achieved success in providing treatment and surgery for different types of cardiovascular diseases. la tip as Vieussens' ring with coronary artery disease.
Meanwhile, three candidates have been confirmed to contest the election, including Bernard Sangma, Chairman of ANVC-B, who will contest from Tura constituency; Jerome Momin will contest from Chokpot and Markus Marak will contest from Siju Constituency.
At the same time, the Minister said that the Government does not want to suspend this work, and the people should not feel that the Government has just postponed this work, and the people should know. The truth is that the Government has many rules and regulations.
They also said that they don't have that fruit anymore but they have enough tympew.
At the same time, to prevent the entry of other nations to fight against us, we cannot do anything while we are living in the same country.
In another incident, the PHE office, Mawsynram, was locked at 7 pm this evening.
Three people have been killed in a tornado in the southern state of Arkansas.
False christs were written and accused.
SCA-A won the toss and elected to bat but managed to score 107 runs in 39.4 overs.
“I will hold a meeting with the leaders and supporters to decide whether to apply for ticket from the party or not,” he said.
Police have launched a massive search operation to track down the suspects and rescue the hostages.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the increase in the number of people infected with Covid-19 in the market may be due to from vehicles carrying goods.
Whoever touches the ear is like a trap, whoever touches the foot is like a thlong, whoever touches the neck is like a thlong. but to those who see and the blind they know that the Hati is like a hati and not like a trap, a thlong or a jyrmie.
The DGP said that the incident has been registered under various sections of the IPC including the Meghalaya Maintenance Public Order Act, 2010 and the Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act.
Dominic Pohrmen, Secretary Lucky Draw Committee, said that due to unavoidable reasons, the date has been postponed and urged those who have already purchased tickets to keep them safely. school.
This raibi has become increasingly serious over the years and now they have started trading even before the announcement of the election results.
The question arises whether these rules have achieved the goal of the policy for the development of backward communities? Did it benefit only one or two communities or all together? Does the job share go to one group? It cannot be denied that the rules laid down must be tested and weighed especially in court.
He promised to bring about development works in the field of drinking water, good roads, electricity especially from the saubhagya scheme.
Bah Brightstarwell expressed his regret over this incident and said that what is sad as residents is that this is not just a one-time incident but such incidents have happened from one place to another. time to another.
Thus, the Congress through the years that followed came to power in the state.
At present, the preparations for the elections to the Legislative Assembly are in full swing and the Chairman has conducted a visit and inspection to ensure that the elections will be adequate. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has directed the officers to fulfill their duties in accordance with the directives of the Election Commission of India. on the 27th of this month which is the polling day without any delay.
On the other hand, Bah Ronie V Lyngdoh said that he strongly opposes the implementation of the ILP in the state and said that he strongly opposes the protests as this affects the farmers because the jhur vendors who They have to sell until they cannot sell their goods because they have to get home early due to the protests of the Sengbhalang.
Opposition Leader Dr Mukul Sangma said it is sad to lose a leader who has grown well, has a strong spirit and is a leader whom they can trust for leadership. to build the State.
Osman Bukari scored the first goal in the 89th minute, following the example of Christiano Ronaldo.
Therefore, the Seng requests the youth of Ri-bhoi district to take advantage of this free training, while for other youth from other districts who cannot come to Ri-bhoi district. -Bhoi can apply through Online Mode and for more information they can contact the KSU members or visit the El Elyon Institute in Nongpoh.
With strong words Jesus rebuked the Pharisees and scribes for their hypocrisy and lack of a spirit of love and compassion for others—“...but ye have forgotten your own judgment and the love of God in yourselves. and God...” (Luke 11:42).
However, our nation will die quickly in poverty!! Without the council, you will not be able to enrich foreigners.
The money collected reaches the Home Minister and police chiefs.
According to NPP MLA Macmillan Byrsat, the 2023 elections in Nongstoin Constituency will be between the National People's Party (NPP) and the Congress and no other parties will contest the 2023 elections. put it on him.
Iron, calcium, manganese, phosphorus zinc, which are contained in Phan, all these help to improve the structure and strength of the bones.
As a human being, he was afraid of what would happen.
In this regard, Tymmen u San Rangbahduh said, “If you don't have a shisha, you don't have a place where you don't have a Klong and a Skaw. This Klong u Skaw will return to me, Tymmen u San, who is among the people who are gathered near this Thwai (Pool) where this Klongskaw dances.
The KSU Umsning Circle has arrested more than 90 foreigners in the Umsning area in the past few days. , when these foreigners, tried to leave for Jaintia Hills, without proper documents and allegedly paid only T.4000 to the police. Anti Infiltration Check Gate in Byrnihat.
The Cabinet has decided that these Bills will be discussed in the House.
“But for now I have seen that the people of the state have given their decision to the NPP which is leading the MDA government, and I think this time too the NPP will come back in the MDC elections,” he said. said Ymbon.
Due to suspicion and allegation of menshohnoh, these mobs attacked and bombed these youths and one of them died of injuries.
Pohthmi said that Stephan has also received the support of former MLA of War Jaintia (formerly Amlarem) Riang Lenon Tariang, MDC of War Jaintia. Congress President Holando Lamin, Lahkmen Por Pakyntein, BJP Amlarem President Everest Langstang and others.
The Mini Secretariat, known as the District Secretariat, has been allocated about T.20 crore by the GAD of the State Government and the construction of it will start soon at Ladthadlaboh. PWD West Jaintia Hills District.
The Mawlai MLA said that if we wait for the State Government, Shillong will soon become like Delhi in terms of air pollution, as the State Government is facing difficulties in removing the pollution. The problem of marten is because there is not enough funds to introduce other ways to remove the pollution which is the pollution of the air. We need the assistance of the central government to remove this problem.
Speaking to the media on Tuesday, Ms Ampareen said that an inquiry into the matter has been sent since the evening of January 13,
Meanwhile, Kong RM Kurbah, R.M.Kurbah IAS, Director of School Education & Literacy Govt.
“We don't have enough people to look after the big and crowded market, and we also send the Syiem Police to Nongpoh market and Khanapara cow market in Ri-Bhoi,” he said. u Mr. Forest.
Droughts and heat waves in parts of the world, fires, floods and natural disasters.
First, James Sangma received T 9,000/-, then T 3,000/- and finally he received T 3,000/- with the assistance of the Asian Development Bank.
In West Jaintia Hills, there is a high risk.
According to Prof Tiwari, If the laws of law, law of sacredness, law of raid, law of village, law of syiem are lost, there will be no medicine and there will be a problem for the medicine manufacturers and especially for mankind.
The existing BoPs should also be strengthened and equipment and vehicles should be provided to bring peace and order,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Lily Mary Laloo, wife of (L) Saibok Khyriem, resident of Mynthong Pohkseh, Jowai, passed away on .2023 The funeral service will be held on 23.10.23 at 1:00 pm at the Catholic Cemetery, Jowai.
In Khliehriat Constituency, Kyrmen Shylla of the UDP with 23,514 votes defeated the NPP candidate Nehlang Lyngdoh with 17,9
Shillong, March 29: CCTV cameras have been installed at St. Edmund College Shillong to track down those who commit crimes and to easily track down criminals. what happened.
Shillong: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, on Tuesday said that the State Government has decided to allow those who come from outside the country from tomorrow morning. The states will have to undergo a 10-day quarantine in accordance with the ICMR's directive to all states in India.
The reason is that at the time of rainfall, there is no rainfall at all, and the dam has been covered with snow.
Shillong, Nailar 10: The dispute between Ardent Basaiawmoit MLA/MDC Nongkrem and Sanbor Shullai MLA/MLA/MDC Nongkrem and MDC Laban/Mawprem has not ended in these days. Ardent alleged that Sanbor has fought against the MUDA Act for his own benefit, while Sanbor said that Ardent has misled the people by turning his back on the position he has stood from the beginning to demand that the government should remove the MUDA Building Act from the Schedule. Area but after the meeting, the government minister replied to the people in a different way.
Earlier, the traffic police used conical alloy after many people had to work with wood.
Mawmluh, Jymmang 26: The Secretary of the Mawmluh Dorbar Shnong, Bah Banlam Kupar Lyngdoh, today announced that the Mawmluh Dorbar Shnong, Sohra will be held on the 28th of this month from 9 pm.
RUPA President Alos Nongpoh said the presence of the Assam battalion in Sabuda has caused trouble and insecurity to the people.
This Resolution was also supported by the House of Representatives.
Referring to the semi final between Blue Bombers and Galaxy FC, the match was very interesting and exciting from the first half which was witnessed by thousands of spectators. In the last minute of the first half, Galaxy FC opened the scoring from the penalty spot.
Shillong, July 3: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) today met with the management of Martin Luther Christian University (MLCU) to consider holding classes for the students of CMJ University. These students are now staying in the mountains after the incident at the university.
The office bearers of FKJGP Shangpung unit are President: Pynbiang Chullet, Vice President: Wansoni Suiam, General Secretary: Heimutmi Suchiang, Assistant Secretary: Lakhon Wan and Organizing Secretary: Makideibha Wan.
Guwahati: The Fisheries Department of Assam has directed four teams to inspect and conduct a thorough inspection regarding the presence of formalin in the fish imported into the state.
Four persons have died, one in East Khasi Hills, two in East West Khasi Hills and one in West Jaintia Hills.
Gokulam Kerala are one of the teams expected to win the I-League this season after the departure of the team led by Spanish head coach Domingo Aramas.
Therefore, our MPCA through the Opt-Out Campaign has reached the Supreme Court and we continue to protest until now.
“In my childhood, there was no television in the village, so to watch football, we had to go to school to watch black and white television and we could watch football only once a year. "It's the FA Cup final," said Wenger.
To date, there is only one international space station, in which China is not involved.
The Commissioner of Agriculture Production and Addl.Chief Secretary KN Kumar said that this mission of the government will benefit the farmers and will also increase their income.
In particular, the union would like to express its gratitude to Ma Kyrmen Shylla who was present on this occasion to congratulate, the Waheh Shnong of Khliehriat West and others who took part in making this program a success.
The Advocate General of the government told the court that the government is currently sending the blueprint to IIM Shillong for further consideration and comments.
For more information, please call No.8259967432 /
The train was still parked at Dharmanagar Railway Station, Tripura.
The annual application is for those born since 1st July 2006 and the deadline for submission of application fees is 5th November.
This year, the color/rot brought by Iawmusiang has brought good news that the whole state has won.
According to information received by the Information Act from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the police, who are the implementers of this Act, have not arrested anyone who violates this Act. means that smokers are in compliance with the provisions of this Act.
He said that through this scheme, the beneficiaries will receive up to 1.5 percent in installment for those who wish to build a new house or sell it. in the form of subsidies.
However, what is more surprising is that the government will take 50 percent of the income and share of the goods while the Group will have to look after all the requirements such as the payment of employees, drivers and other requirements.
These explosions have frightened the people, who have fled to safer places to escape injury.
There are 250 traffic policemen in 90 Police Points in Shillong. They have their own parts, some in the morning and night. 150 Home Guard personnel were deployed but it was said that it was very difficult for the police to control the traffic jam as the road was small and there were many vehicles.
Young people who have passed from class v above and who have dropped out of school for unexplained reasons when they intend to join Program Implementing Agencies (PIAs) and Vocational Training Centers (VTCs) recognized by the state and local governments do not have to pay money if they want to be trained themselves.
(ii) Luke 19:1-10 – The Resurrection of Zacchaeus, a terrible tax collector.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah promised to consider the proposal to compare the performance of MCCL with the factories in Jaintia Hills.
“We urge the villages which have land to provide land for the purpose of setting up the RRCs so that there is no need to send the nuit to the marten but to be able to only in the villages.
Therefore, as it has become clear in the past few days after the signing of the MOU, there have been many allegations and objections saying that the Regional Committees have not consulted with the Hima and Village Authorities while the truth is that The members of the Regional Committees have been thoroughly discussed with them and there is no exception.
Speaking to media, they said it is sad to know the negligence of the Meghalaya government regarding the MDC constituencies within the KHADC. The government has sent a letter to the Standing Parliamentary Committee (SPC) which is responsible for the amendment of the Sixth Schedule that there should be 40 MDC constituencies in the KHADC. Twice within the KHADC, they have decided that they want only 31 MDCs and this has been sent to the government. According to the decision, 29 MDCs should be elected by election, two MDCs should not be elected. shu tung in which one should be a woman.
He said that after this, Bah Sanbor Shullai will be appointed as Minister of State until the end of his term.
He demanded to pay a fine of T.20 crore within nine days of receipt of the notice otherwise he will file a criminal and civil suit against him in court.
Speaking at the meeting, R.Momin expressed his satisfaction that the party has grown in East Jaintia Hills District. “In the second time there were 100 people and this time there were many people who came to the meeting and there were 35 people who came to join the BJP party,” he said. He also urged all the office bearers and members to work hard to promote the party to reach the goal.
If you read Assam Tribune 11 June 1941 “The fate of the Mikirs” you will find the humiliation of these Mikirs who are the owners of the village.
You want to sleep a little when you are tired, but you have to force yourself to get up early.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that the health department together with the district authorities have sent for testing 418 people from 7 clusters. ) These are from the 71 Clusters recognized by the Government to conduct the testing.
The Exodus is not only an example of the struggle for independence from foreign rulers, but in this time of covid19 the story of the Exodus encourages, gives hope and encourages us to ask how to shape or create a new society.
At that time there will be no human rule, no world government, it will be the time of the rule of Jesus Christ and the whole world will obey him.
It is clear that if this Bill is implemented, the indigenous youth who come from rural areas to study will be treated as foreigners,” said Robert.
Shillong, July : The Ministry of Minority Affairs and the Ministry of AYUSH, Government of India in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya today celebrated the 8th International Day of Yoga 2022 under the theme “Yoga for Humanity”. at the program held at the Convocation Hall, NEHU, Shillong.
" Don't justify yourself.
Clifford Nongrum lost his life in the war against Pakistan in Cargil.
Dibrugarh police, who are investigating the paid appointment, have summoned 19 officers of the Assam Civil Service (ACS), APS and others who have been employed. in 2016, where they were invited to come for an interview to check their marks and those they had already written in the answers to their questions.
To address the challenges in the coming years, the Cabinet has decided to transform it into a fully state university.
You also need to measure the temperature inside the house.
That means that women don't care, they just want peace, to be happy.
She said the government has taken measures to ensure that the students who study abroad should not be harassed or in trouble.
Although many of the residents do not know how to use this number, there has been a success story and this has been achieved by talking to some of the residents who have received good assistance from the complaint. give you a number.
“The Deiñkhlam of the Tein Hills from Dulong, the Wet from Panaliar, the Doh from Lumïongkjam and the Pdeiñ Hills from Lumpyrdi have been produced,” he said. Lumkyrwiang and Tpep-Pale, who are the children of the Raij, he said. In the evening, the Khnong Blai of the Bom was also taken away from the Khon Raij.
Drugs are alcoholic beverages or drugs that work well and because they are expensive, poor youths cannot really use them unless they get something from friends who are willing to spend money on it. your part.
Speaking at the meeting, Lalsawta said the party will not use money to win the upcoming Assembly elections.
It is learned that after killing these two people, Kolestar went to clean himself and told people around the village that he had killed these two people but no one believed him. He said that people talk nonsense because he is a talkative person and he said that he has a lack of mental strength.
Shish you didn't produce you.
Lakador Syiem MPS, Superintendent of Police, West Jaintia Hills District, said that a group of 10-15 Bangladeshis attacked the house of Pratap Bareh at Amdoh near Rongtilla Border Out Post. BOP) and stole T.35,000, mobile phone and SBBL rifle along with other items from Pratap's pocket.
Besides the writing, the residents also showed pictures of the secret collection of coal and the queue of trucks to transport the coal.
The Deputy Commissioner of Jind, Mohammad Imran Raza, who is also the District Election Officer, has appointed a team of inquiry headed by Magistrate Namita Kumari to investigate the matter.
If the party fails to win more MLAs in two (2) states, the Election Commission of India (ECI) will derecognize the party again in the coming years.
When the Government of India needs the information, why can't it hand over to the State Governments themselves to complete it, because there will be many problems for foreigners to enter the villages, especially in the rural areas, without speaking the language. tongue.
Only 2 persons will be allowed in 4 wheelers and only one driver in 2 wheelers.
Luckily indeed, a town that just sighs.
"While Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit said that the visit to the Ïewduh as it is known is a big one which is also the source of income for the farmers and all those who do business, but it is also the responsibility of the farmers. iuhroit.
As a sign of appreciation, the winner will receive a buskit.
The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA-2) Government on Tuesday accepted the recommendation of the Committee on the Reservation Roster and to allow for discussion on the recruitment quota in the state.
The terrible things are ahead in the days and years to come.
Investigation in this regard has found that none of the poor BPL households have received this tin, as it is clear that the money has been misused. "It's not for my own benefit," Hazarika said.
Until now, the victorious central government has ignored our 70-year-old dream.
We are sorry for the snow.
The death toll in Hubei has risen to 242 in a single day with 14,000 new cases.
Now I will send my report and I expect that my company will also send strong water tankers to clear these crematoria to rescue all those who have been trapped inside this crematorium,” he said. Head of Xylem Water Solution said that these water tanks will arrive from Germany.
According to information received, the report of the committee investigating the construction of the office building of the KHADC Legislative Wing has already been submitted to the EC. and wants to investigate in more detail the delays in the construction of the office.
In the beauty pageant, Emohida Ymbon won the losing title while Dorachiva Daw came second.
Angela Rangad from South Shillong, Wanpynhun from East Shillong and Pastor Kyrsoibor from North Shillong will represent.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the polio vaccination program for children at the hospital, Bah Phanbuh advised the parents to take their children under 5 years of age. to the places where they are prepared to participate in this vaccination to protect their children from polio.
“When we found these foreigners, we took them back to the Infiltration Police, to check the documents of these foreigners, but when we reached the place where the police were. “These foreigners cannot produce proper documents, which has prompted the party to deport them,” said Bah Tony Shylla.
These Manipuris have been provided with accommodation and food by the Assam government.
In earlier childhood, the value of human beings depended on education, manners, and position in the community and in the Government.
Will these youngsters who have dropped out of school only part-time be able to compete with others who have the opportunity to complete their education? Teenage pregnancy which scholars explain is one of the causes of poverty in our state.
“This is the first time that we have held the MSL in Shillong because in previous years we have held it abroad,” said the Tournament Director of the MSL and Treasurer of the MFA. Wanshanbor Kharkrang while talking to reporters on Tuesday.
He said that at present there are nine Faculty posts in the department and one is in the advertisement.
Shillong, June 28 : The Education Cell of the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Friday strongly condemned the state government for silent on the Common University Entrance Test (CUET) despite the fact that it has already known since to accept the National Education Policy,
On the road side, Dhar Construction Company has already received all the contracts for the construction of roads across the state.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.R Nongrum BDO said that World Population Day is celebrated every year to raise awareness of the problems faced by the world from unemployment, food shortages. drinking water and other necessities which also affect the income and development of the country.
Mary was a Jewess, so Jesus was born of the Jewish race.
The meeting was led by Kong Ibamonlang Nongbri, State Program Manager of the National Health Mission of the State Government in the presence of other officers and doctors of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. Rachita Misra, Associate Director of SELCO Foundation along with other leaders of prominent companies not only in the country, but also in the world.
He said that besides throwing stones and shooting jri, the Karbi also used sword and ryntieh in which one policeman of the state escaped from the sword of the Karbi.
“If the government holds elections for six months or ten years, it doesn't matter.
It is a platform where they can learn on various skills, so that they can reach success in their future.
The meeting was conducted by Kong M Lyngdoh President of the Wyrcha Village Organization.
The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Jaintia Hills District in a press release issued here informs the general public that consequent on the revision in the price of S.K.Oil New rate has been revised and fixed with immediate effect for the month of April 2020.
Don't be a foolish Christian.
He said that the UDP has discussed and explained well on this policy even before the election that it needs to review the Reservation Policy of the state and for that reason this issue has been included in the manifesto. you're a party.
“I am pleased to see the hard work between the MBA, BFI and the State Government in which it has been successful.
Besides Gill, Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma were also in the top 10.
“Of course, it is a little surprising that the Government of India recently through the Ministry of Home Affairs has proposed to repeal Article 12 (A) of the 6th Scheduled Constitution in order to strengthen the district council”, said the Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima.
The family members of the child did not know about the incident against the child, but they knew until they changed in the behavior of the child and after that, they knew that the child had poor, because she was raped by her own Panah and as it is now, the child is almost ready to give birth to the baby in her womb.
The new CEM of GHADC said that he is now waiting for the Governor to take the necessary action and after that he will hold a meeting with his fellow MDCs on how to form the new Executive Committee. He also said that no one will be elected to contest the Chairman election.
There are 64 recoveries from the disease.
It is also responsible for the process in the body that reduces the fat content.
I feel very happy that I have been able to make my family proud.
If you travel around the world, you will find that “A wise man seeks his own ancestry and stays in his religion, but a fool or a foolish man just paints himself with the colors of the sky. of the world".
Therefore, we don't accept such insults, we stand against them, we stand together in any way, we stand firm on the basis of opposing the mining of uranium and the infiltration of foreign authorities in this country. Hynniew Trep is our beloved.
“It is no longer what I want or what others want but it depends on the Rule and on the Government of India and the Defense Ministry what orders they give.
In the first list of candidates, the name of the incumbent MDC from Mylliem constituency, Teilinia Thangkhiew, was not included in the first list.
You don't have to worry about nitrogen.
The complaint was lodged on 27th November but the department has not yet received a reply from the police.
The construction of the Mutli Sports Complex at Wahiajer is under the State Plan Scheme and the Sports Authority of India's Khelo India Infrastructure Scheme at a cost of T.24,97,11,0
He said that there are now more than 60 members from all over East Jaintia Hills who are members of the society and he expects that in the coming days more and more members will join the society. more and more to transform society.
But I write according to the thoughts that come to my mind while I am sitting alone at home.
In gymnastics, Jammu came first while Kashmir came second.
How do you play badly when you are looking for a soul?1
However, when contacted by Rupang, Dr. Pariong said that he has not yet commented on the mid-term elections in Nongstoiñ, and will soon speak to the media after the meeting. long tomorrow.
On Sunday at 10 pm, the Mass of the Holy Eucharist was led by Rev. Martin Shylla, Chancellor of the Diocese of Jowai, accompanied by Rev. Simeon Sungoh. , Rev.Cresence Laloo, Procurator of the Diocese of Jowai and Rev.M.Biam.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youths' Council (HYC) Sengkmie has expressed its deep anger over the statements and insults of various individuals and organizations belonging to the Bengali community against the Khasi community in these days. You are from outside the state of Meghalaya.
That's our goal as an organization," he said.
Prajapat, who has just completed Class 10, says that a girl and a boy should be the same.
At the same time, Dr. Kharlukhi also questioned the Opposition for not remaining silent when there have been incidents of attacks on border residents in the past few days.
He was arrested under Sections 376(2) (1-a) IPC and Sections 6 and 10 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act,
At the same time, Bah Nongrang said, “I am a UDP MDC and I have worked hard for the UDP.
“We will fight to ensure that those involved will be punished severely so that ethnic cleansing will not happen again to the people of the East,” said the Chairperson.
Village shops- You can also sell your produce at the village shops, which is a good road for traffic. .
This soh is found mainly in the Riwar areas of West Jaintia and East Khasi Hills districts.
The two perpetrators were killed after a mob of about 1,000 people attacked them from Tezu PS, Arunachal Pradesh.
He said that the SHGs have been a platform where the residents have united for the betterment of their livelihood and especially it has empowered the women who are part of the SHGs. a strong group in all activities within the state.
Shillong: The Director General of Police (DGP) of Meghalaya, R Chandranathan has tested positive for Covid-1
He said that the Khasi language is the language of the churches and the help and support of the churches is very important at this time.
This was announced in a statement by the Secretary, Mawten Sports Club.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: “Give us ILP, we will support the BJP” read one of the placards carried by members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) at a public meeting held by the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday in Khyndailad.
On the other hand, the APYC leader said that the government authorities have also been involved in disrupting the peace and order of the families of those arrested.
There are 49 recoveries from the disease.
“However, they don't see that the state government will do that, why should they just throw away the money,” said Bah Khlur.
The Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah FM Dopth said that the purpose of the construction of this road is to provide convenience to the farmers especially in the transportation of crops to their villages. thaw and to the markets.
Before the government introduced the Bill, the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ, had met with the Governor on 19th July, 2015 to say that the sudden decision of the state government. The purpose of the Prevention of Disqualification Bill, 2015 is to strengthen the protests of the Village Authorities who are fighting against the discrimination of the Government. state.
However, many of our water sources are now dry.
The training which started on Thursday (10-6-2022) also held an examination for 60 participants from 11 district associations affiliated to the MCA.Ki resource Sengam G Momin, Biswajit Dasgupta and Leonard Wankhar were among those who received the training.
Shillong, Nailur 21: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on Tuesday unanimously decided to reject the government's decision to implement the CrPC and CPC provisions throughout the State unless it issues another notice to clarify (Corrigrndum) the implementation of these provisions in the courts in the State.
The Syiem and the Dorbar of the Hima Mylliem have appealed against the Chandrachud Committee as follows: “The definition of the boundary according to the Act 1876 does not affect anything and cannot work within the Hima Mylliem because the Hima Mylliem is the entire Khasi Hima and does not fall under the Khasi Hills District or British India.
The JSU alleged that the theft of stones has reached the rice fields which has caused the soil to collapse and the rice trees to collapse.
In fact, the opposition MLAs had also tabled cut motions to discuss before approving the Demands for Grants but as they were not present in the House, the Lamphang proceeded to approve all the demands. 'Applications for Grants'.
The vehicle belonged to SDO Dangar of PWD, Richard Nartiang.
On the other hand, the Secretary of HFU Thadlaskein Block, Chanbor Rymbai, urged the farmers to identify crops that can generate income and also those that can be cultivated without the use of pesticides. He urged the farmers who are facing problems such as insect damage and others to inform the HFU to report to the relevant departments.
In the second match, Mylliem Grass Root beat Mawkriah West SC 6-1
The recipients of the award are Russila Gassah, Amlarem ICDS Project, West Jaintia Hills, Eslinda Karbani, Nongstoin ICDS Project, West Khasi Hills and Smti Pionish Marak, Songsak ICDS Project, East Garo Hills.
The residents of West Khasi Hills are very interested in cultivating and planting trees in their gardens, but it is sad to say that the district authorities through the office of the Chief Minister district or the Deputy Commissioner together with the relevant office, there are no specific varieties of soh in the district.
The EJNC Nongpoh said that East Jaintia Hills District is one of the districts with many talented athletes in the field of sports and the district needs these artificial turfs and artificial tracks. , July 18: The Church of God, Meghalaya and Assam today held a special tree planting program at the Gingaiei Rehabilitation Centre. which is undergoing construction for the benefit of the community, with the aim of improving the surrounding area and becoming a hope for the environment.
Meghalaya is under the rule of Sangma.
The reason why these residents of Block-1 have not voted in Assam is on the grounds that they have not received any benefits as citizens of the country in terms of income since the 1990s. roads, education and health facilities as well.
Even after admission, the University will also provide support such as supervision and counseling for their welfare and academic progress.
Shillong: Pynshailang Syiemlieh of Laitjem, Mawngap, has lodged a complaint with the Laitumkhrah Police Station regarding the disappearance of her daughter on the 6th of July 2022 from the ground floor of St Mary's College.
In connection with the IED blast at Laitumkhrah market on 10th July 2021, police have arrested four persons.
He said that so far no parts of the 6th Scheduled have been proposed to be amended.
This is the first BOP to set up its office in Shillong and the entire Lammih area.
Fifteen states have agreed to cooperate with the Ministry under the scheme, of which Jammu & Kashmir and Odisha were not present at the meeting.
He said that although he has recently joined the UDP, he sees that the NPP is a party that does not respect the parties in the government. get to lead the new government.
Police have been searching and tracking down the suspects and have arrested them today.
The meeting was chaired by UDP Jowai Circle President Kitbok Nongtdu.
On the other hand, the Government should take action to clean up the Umshyrpi River which has become very polluted.
The visit was launched after a briefing from Paiem Dr Balajied S Syiem, Syiem of Khyrim Hima, who informed Bah John F Kharshiing of the incident.
“However, there is a problem because we have little time to think because the government has decided to implement this Act from 1st March,” he said.
In India, 78,357 people have been infected with the virus in the past 24 hours and 1,045 people have died.
“Such support not only leads to anti-national activities but also threatens the lives of innocent people and the peace in the society.
On the other hand, the President of the party said that he does not want to say anything to other parties because he said that the party's policy is to work with parties that have the same goals and principles.
Dr Don's remarks were aimed at those MLAs from the ruling party who have encouraged the opposition to take action, in which they have tried to do something to overthrow Dr Mukul Sangma while he is in office. four are long and slow.
When Ali escaped from the kidnappers, it was found that he had been beaten by the kidnappers.
The MoU is also against Article 3 of the Constitution of the country because according to this article, only Parliament can change the boundaries of the states. and there is no provision in the Seventh Schedule which means that the States do not have the power to determine the boundaries of the States.
The bapli will not be able to be the leader of the opposition.
According to her, they have had 18 meetings with China but they are still continuing these activities.
“We have also directed the political parties to send a letter regarding the roads they intend to use and at the same time to ensure that they do not produce any What is the difference between the rallies?
According to the advertisement dated 26th April 2021, the office has scheduled to conduct the examination for the post of LDA on Process Server on 15.05.2021 but due to the lockdown due to the spread of Covid-19, the office has conducted the examination for the post LDA on
Many of these families are dependent on day labor to survive and are poor.
Speaking to media in the presence of NPP leaders from Mawhati, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh said that his speech to the media today is a salonsar speech and kyllum on the 50 Many of the people have misunderstood and criticized that Mawhati Constituency is the most backward constituency in the past 10 years. MLA for the last 5 years.
All food distributors should have an Aadhaar Number. If so, priority will be given to Self-Help Groups and any organizations led by women.
Those suspended include Pritilata Talkdar and Sanjib Kumar Chetri, Sub Inspectors.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Evansroy Nongrem, Education Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District and welcome speeches were delivered by Samla Episcopal Lyngdoh, Asst. , Finance Secretary KSU South West Khasi Hills District.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said recently that the works in the civil, mechanical and electrical lines have almost been completed.
Speech was also delivered by Afroz Shah who has received a UN award for his efforts to clean up rivers and protect the environment.
Ph no 9436461005.
These employers do not understand that THEY ARE BRINGING THE BSEIiñ AND THE BSHIAH TO PAR AND AID IN THIS COUNTRY OF YOUR BEAUTIFUL Hynniewtrep.
We are paying for the mistakes of our ancestors.
Now we have one in Pynursla and one in Shillong and so I hope that we can provide better services and benefits to all the residents,” he added.
Leaders of HYC Nongpoh Circle including Tony Shylla, General Secretary Morningstar Kharbani, Organizing Secretary Tengsing L Nonglait from Nongpoh Circle were also present.
Why? And if Christ has not been raised, your faith is vain; you are still in your sins.”—1 Corinthians 15:1
Shreya scored 21 runs off 16 balls without losing a wicket.
Doesn't the need for a court in Meghalaya? Do the people still trust such a government and the police? Do those Chief Ministers who have convinced the Ex.General Secretary of the HNLC to They surrendered at that time and they were just preparing to be shot dead by the police now. Do they not have a sense of guilt or responsibility that they are still holding the position of Chief Minister? Remember, the worst answer is waiting to happen.
They arrived at Nongstoin Sumo Station at 11 pm.
Shillong Lajong FC have recently hosted their home matches for the Second Division League final in June and also the final of the Second Division League. of the Meghalaya State League on July
There are 545 MPs in Parliament. Will the BJP government consider 25 or 520 MPs from the North to get a majority to form a government in Delhi after the MP Election
Shillong, Jymmang 31: The Director of Health Services (MI) Dr Aman War has demanded that the IIPH should be punished for breaking into the DHS premises in Pasteur Hills. Lawmali and the Principal Secretary to Health, Sampath Kumar for violating the law.
About 27 million people practice Sikhism.
We have been neglected by the government which does not pay attention to the needs of the people and now we are neglected even by the National Highway Authority of India, which has not built proper roads in the construction of the 4-lane road. When the 4-lane road was constructed, it was confirmed that the road was flooded.
“Therefore, if these trucks have received a Challan to transport coal but for us it is illegal, please provide the names of those who have issued the Challan and the vehicle number plate. of these trucks,” said Bah Dkhar.
Eyebrows are major body parts that can change your facial features.
He said that today the HYC Sohiong has come to complain about the twice discrimination against the Kharshari clan which was discriminated against in 2017 and another household has been discriminated against. again in the year
In addition, the questioner thinks that they are students at college/post graduate level without thinking that they are only students at Class-X level.
Speaking at the opening ceremony of the Karbi Hemtu in Shillong, the Minister said, “With a purpose in mind, we have taken this opportunity to sit together and discuss the current situation and issues. to come and how the government can move forward".
These allocations have been made according to the number of paid groups in the country.
From the above, we can see the mismanagement of the government since its inception.
Sngi Lyngka: On this day, the princess performs the Nohkjat dance at the ingsad, and they go out first to dance Nohkjat.
Guwahati, March 09: Union Defense Minister Amit Shah has urged the Chief Ministers of the North Eastern States to use the information provided by the North East Space Application Center (NESAC). ) which will help with flood relief, irrigation water supply, tourism, tree planting and agriculture.
He was immediately taken to Namdong CHC for treatment.
Many unbelievers, many believe in religion, not in Jesus the Son of God.
The most important rights of employees are a living wage that can support the family, medical/sick leave, death casual leave and earned leave or leave earned by the employees themselves from the years of work and service.
Speaking to media, Bah Mawrie said the BJP will field candidates in all 60 constituencies and so far 123 candidates have applied for tickets from the BJP. He said that there are some constituencies where there are many candidates such as Dalu where there are four candidates and Mahendraganj where there are seven candidates.
The meeting was conducted by Samla Ksanborlang Thabah, General Secretary KSU South Central East Circle. Rangbah Shnongs from 25 different villages, Sordars of Raid Rangnah, Raid Lyting, Raid Mawshun and Raid Lyngkhat from this area as well as nature lovers and youths with special talents. different.
In the second half, Sohmynting Dongnein scored three points against Umshangiar 1-0
These trucks drive without TP or Challan by paying the entry fee which is called by the employees of JHADC.
The eyes should be bright or bright to see where the fish are in order to catch them.
ha" Stil's voice was expressed.
It was seen in the newspapers that he acknowledged the distribution of money to the poor and expressed his surprise at those who complained about the distribution of money, because it is a violation of the Election Code of Conduct. that he might enter into heaven himself, for his goodness thus, when he said, "I and my household shall be established in the kingdom of heaven," as it is said. see on social media.
Amlarem, Nailar 8: The overcrowding of trucks carrying coal has disrupted the traffic of the people and affected the movement of many churches.
“We are now pleased to have completed this C&RD Block at Narpuh which is a very important office for the people which will also bring about development in the area to improve the income of the people. KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary Sanatomba Bamon said, “The C&RD Block office which was recently opened at Lumshnong was built with the funding from the District Mineral Funding Trust. The Skill and Development Department has been allocated for the development of talented people and also to improve the income of the people of the area. Therefore, the union urges the government to build the C&RD Block office in Lumshnong as soon as possible, not to use the Skill and Development Office in the same place. The union urges the government to open the Skill and Development Office at Lumshnong as soon as possible and not to take advantage of it by turning it into a C&RD Block office.
The public awareness campaign on the COVID-19 vaccine was for the leaders of the Village Covid-19 Management Committee, religious leaders, village organization leaders and others.
However, he said that these days they have been able to deliver sohsaw to Mairang, Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat and Shahlang almost every day.
He said that if the State University can be achieved in the state, the benefits will be for the youth of the state and as it appears until these days many youths have to leave. to drop out of school after graduation due to the lack of quality of education at the university which does not exist in the state.
“We will start the second phase soon with meetings in Nongstoin, Mawkyrwat, Nongpoh, Ri Bhoi District and also in the Civil Sub Divisions,” said Bah Ardent.
Since the relocation of the taxi drivers who used to park here from time to time, the market has declined and it is no longer as it used to be, because now they have to cook a little food and meat, because the market is They have requested the Municipal Department to do whatever they can to complete the construction as soon as possible, so that they can live again in the same place, said the owners. store.
I will have to resign and I will have to decide how to act after consulting with my Muktiar,” said Phidalia Toi.
The priest was arrested for stealing the body of a woman while they were sitting on the same bus at night.
Other indoor halls are Laban Sorts at Laban for T.132 lakh and Indoor Hall at Lumparing for T.86 lakh.
However, he said the US will continue to seek ways to hold talks between the US and Chinese defense forces for the better in the future.
Most often, this sleep apnea can lead to a condition known as Obstructive Sleep Apnea (OSA).
Announcing this after the Cabinet meeting, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, said that the flag of the Governor of Meghalaya, T Roy will be hoisted in Shillong while in other cities of At the same time, Prestone said the state government has decided to award the Meghalaya Day Award to the people of Meghalaya. work for development in literature, society and sports.
The 10,000 masks will be distributed by JHDS within three days.
When we have our own land we can build a Government and stand as an independent nation.
He said that the Prime Minister has promised to do whatever is necessary and regarding the follow-up letter on the demand of the party – to introduce the Official Bill in this Dorbar, the Prime Minister has directed the The Government will prepare only the official parts of the letter before sending it in the coming months (after this meeting).
Abdul Wahid Rayan, a spokesman for the Ministry of Information and Culture, said the death toll would rise from the estimate.
The Khasi Disabilities Association (KHA) today planned to march to express their demands but before the march started, the police stopped them from marching. Only 40 groups of the party were allowed to meet the Minister of Social Welfare, Deborah Marak.
Office bearers of the Mawkynrew Cup Committee led by Lakmenlang Wankhar, Convenor of the tournament and accompanied by two members of the committee, Bah Shrenlinus Khriam and Bah Arland Pyngrope met with reporters in Shillong. Tuesday.
If the Government does not take a decision in time before this protest turns into anger and mass protests, the Government will have to take responsibility.
Speaking on the occasion, Minister Marcuise M.Marak said that the distribution of these Waste Collection Electric Vehicles by the Government shows that the State Government It wants to see Meghalaya become a clean and healthy and disease free state.
The Cultural Committee informs that from today, in the next two days, there will be a dance training for children to young boys and girls starting at 5:30 pm at the party headquarters in Mawkhar. .
The Congress party will send 10 women candidates from different constituencies to contest the upcoming elections.
“There are officers and engineers who work on contracts by registering the names of their relatives,” said the contractors.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast heavy rainfall in parts of the state tomorrow.
Those present at the meeting included Prof. Donkupar War, Secretary of the NPP Meghalaya Unit, Samlin Malngiang, Secretary In-charge of the NPP Meghalaya Unit, Clement Mawlong, NPP President of Ri Bhoi, Macdalyne Mawlong, Secretary in-charge of the NPP Meghalaya Unit. MDC of Umsning.
It is learned that while teaching in (L), Ms Locket received only 200 tyngka.
In recent days, it has been reported that Nagaland will plant these trees on about 11,000 hectares of land which used to be a forest.
At the tournament in China, India won 28 gold, 38 silver and 41 bronze medals, behind China (383). Japan (188 medals) and South Korea (190 medals).
Jowai, July 16: Khliehriat Police Station today recovered the bodies of two school children who went missing from their homes since the 13th of this month. month.
In addition to the powerful weapons, there were reports that a rocket was fired at the venue, where a weekly press conference was held, where the all journalists should be present.
Therefore, all the Deputy Commissioners of the Green Zones have been able to allow people to move from one District to another, but the people should be only from the Green Zone Districts. It has also banned people from other states from passing through East Khasi Hills District.
Samla Kitboklang Nongphlang Vice President of FKJGP Sengkmie was the chief guest in the presence of Bah Lumlang Mawnai, Secretary General, Bah Luistar. Lyngdoh President of FKJGP NKHD, Samla Kitbor Suting Secretary and other elders and youth of the village.
Shillong, Naitung 07 : The UDP West Jaintia Hills District has become the first district to send its list of candidates for the 2023 MLA elections.
However, your rudeness and disregard for unity, because of political turmoil, has shaken the unity of the North East.
Hearing the PIL filed by the Union of Waheh Shnongs of Jowai, the court of Chief Justice HC Justice Sanjib Banerjee and Justice W Diengdoh, ordered the government to convene the meeting. to address the problem of garbage cleaning in Jowai.
Your photos have been posted on my Whatsapp Status.
They have been charged under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) 2002 for stealing these certificates not only from Techno Global University but also from other universities.
His punctuality, faithfulness, and diligence impressed all those workers.
Dr Lyngdoh said that their complaint is also based on the paragraph of the 10th Schedule which states that there are rules that before they are ready to join another party, they must have “The question here is whether all those rules according to the 10th Schedule have been met or not before they leave”.
As in the previous year, once the signs were found on the leaves of the riewhadem, no matter how large the field is, every tree will not escape from this disease.
New Delhi, Nailur 9 : The Global Biofuels Alliance (GBA) was announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi today at the Biofuels Alliance. G20 Summit.
The Court hopes that the work will be done smoothly and smoothly as expressed by the NHAI so that the people of the area and the passengers who are facing difficulties will be more comfortable.
The Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya said that the Village Defense Party (VDP) or the Village Army have an important role to play in maintaining peace and order in the village.
The government will provide 50% subsidy for these vehicles.
The meeting on this day, was very crowded, as many of the people who attended the meeting and especially from the members of the Sengbhalang, also raised the voice that they should go and destroy the Ktem. Assam Police, but fortunately, the protest was brought to an end by the understanding of the elders and the Magistrates of Ri Bhoi.
On the part of the Kur, and the children of the Raid and Hima Mylliem, they should elect new people who are in the minds of the Jaitbynriew and who know and understand the Jaitbynriew and who know also their rank, power and duty as Ministers, Priests and Kings.
During the investigation, we have also inquired from the officers of the Finance Department of the government,” said Bah Kasperline.
Dear Friends, I would like to tell you that I never thought that our High Priest would be not only the Spiritual Father of my life, but that He would become even a dear friend. my soul has been with you since that year.
Besides, it was found that the government does not provide adequate training to the beneficiaries, how to build ponds, how deep, what kind of food should be used for farming and that they fish to grow rapidly to increase the income of the farmers.
They are the ones who are at the forefront of the fight against this disease,” said Bah Synrem.
However, religious leaders and the village authorities strongly condemned the actions of the Iraqi authorities, without thinking about the building which stands as a symbol of the nation. in this place.
Shillong, Nailar 07: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) on Thursday demanded that the state government should repeal the implementation of the Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance. that this is a sign unto the nation.
“Since 2015 until now I have not received a reply, the matter has reached the CIC,” said Curtis, who also lodged a complaint with the Hima Nongspung. Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills on the illegal erection of the revenue collection gate at Mawjongka without the permission of the District authorities.
“Bah Ardent is too busy,” said Bah Hubert Riang while Bah Banrikupar Wahlang said he has to leave for other meetings.
According to media reports, the robbers have been spreading these days to the Tamabil market, then to the highway from Darrang to Sohra, where the passengers are no longer able to walk, when the camp dum sha this area.
This is also part of the efforts to bring about unity and harmony among the residents.
Bah Ardent urged the people to turn to God for forgiveness for these evils that have happened in the state, lest God pour out His wrath, because if God is not on our side, it is useless to fight or struggle to improve the nation.
This determination and goal has been achieved by the work especially by the availability of dedicated officers.
It was in 2002 that Clarke took over and was confirmed as the longest serving manager of the team since Craig Brown resigned in the same year.
Dikshit said that although there was no damage to the crops, many piat have been lost due to the heavy rainfall. In the next 2-3 days, she urged the piat traders not to take advantage of the price increase.
When asked, Mondal said the main reason for the thermal power project is that it has a connection with coal.
According to the announcement of the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA), those youths who have joined this job, after the end of this year, they can improve their skills in education or it will open up many opportunities for them to get and other government posts in various departments including the Defense Ministry itself such as the CAPFs and Assam Rifles.
The statement said that 35 years ago in 1987, when the Anti-Foreigners' Movement was in full swing in the state, there was a mass shooting of foreigners. CRPF police have arrested Khasi youths and Khasi households in July especially in Motphran, Mission Compound, Mawkhar, Jaiaw, Umsohsun, Wahingdoh and Riatsamthiah.
On the other hand, the Union has expressed its surprise that it has not seen any sign of the Government's decision to take action on the issue of border settlement between Meghalaya and Assam which has been a long standing issue. The residents of the Khappud areas have longed for the resolution of the border issue.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 28: In order to encourage and encourage the students who have passed well in various examinations from SSLC to PhD in Ri-Bhoi District, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today decided to award Fr. Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh Maitshaphrang Academic Award 2020-21 has been awarded to 104 students who passed well in 2020-2 to remember the contribution of the man in the field of literature and service to the nation.
His first attempt was saved by Umrit's defender in the 61st minute.
At the same time, he urged the children to avoid bad habits and not to fall into the power of drugs.
Shillong, Naitung 11 : The Dorbar Shnong Nongrim Hills, Shillong on the 11th of this month has decided to try to reroute vehicles to Upper Nongrim Hills and all vehicles going to Nongrim Hills via Bethany. Hospital – NEC – Rynjah is a One Way road.
Ambiuos Umsor from Khapmaw village in Mawkynrem block of East Khasi Hills said about the CSB which has been established since
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Robertjune Kharjahrin, President of the HYC, said that Thomas Jones has traveled thousands of miles to explain why we Khasi cannot help our fellow citizens on the border. area.
Prodipta has strengthened her Khasi identity by showing the KHADC the village certificate of the Dorbar Shnong Kench's Trace, Oxford Hill & Rilbong, which has confirmed that Prodipta is the daughter of Kwila Khongwir, a resident of the village and a Khasi; The letter was signed by the Rangbah Shnong of the village, who did not write his name, but from the signature it was clearly identified as C Lyngdoh, and he gave the certificate. on November 15, 2014.
Many of the owners of vehicles often have to leave behind, because it is like going to work and transport for the department in Nongstoiñ.
Jalaphet Moochut Pyrdung scored the first goal in the 114th minute through Thomas Dkhar, who didn't miss the match. kabu ksair for the title of champion.
In this regard, Birla promised to provide assistance to the state legislatures.
The increasing power outages and load shedding have caused confusion not only in the homes but also in the workplaces especially among the people who earn their living by using electricity.
In this regard, the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Rimuliang Circle has lodged a petition with the Sub-Divisional Engineer, West Khasi Hills. Hills, Nongstoin, and demanded that the BSNL Mobile Tower should be installed in Kyrdum Village, the village in the center of the area, so that the people can be safe in all aspects.
He said that T.121 crore has been allocated for this mission for three years and at the end of this mission, Meghalaya will become the third largest producer of rice. sying in the country.
Another 53 people were injured, including four civilians.
On the morning of the fourth day, Manipur scored 8 runs from the previous day's score of 259/8 and ended with 267 runs for 53 runs. Meghalaya scored 320/1
This order of the government through the DC of East Khasi Hills District, has violated the human rights of the people as it has forced the people to act against their free will.
Yes, you don't have to have a 40:40 ratio.
On the allegation by the MDC from Nongshken that Sohra MLA Gavin M Mylliemngap does not want to contest from Langkyrdem-Laitkroh because he will support the NPP candidate, Hamlet said that this is just an allegation. as the party has not yet decided on the nomination.
The PWD department of the State Government has sent personnel to clean up the ongoing landslide.
At the meeting held at Church of God HSS, the MLA handed over the work order for various projects of the school to the Principal Shakila Jana in the presence of the President, members of the Managing Committee and students. school.
After this, the people turned to the army camp and there was a stir and a crowd at the army camp.
It is suspected that the man committed the crime after there was no one else in the house of the family and the incident was discovered by the son of the family of the man.
“Even the Minister of Jal Shakti from the Government of India, Rajendra Shekhawat, during his visit to Shillong, told reporters that other states should follow the example of Meghalaya,” he said.
Meanwhile, police have stepped up patrols across the state, especially in the capital due to the civil society protests.
Replying to a question raised by Mylliem MLA Ronnie V. Lyngdoh, who is a member of the Congress party, regarding the article published in the newspaper “Kynjatshai, 8th June, 2023 and wrote, “Traffic jam in Upper Shillong from morning till morning”, said Bah Prestone Tyngsong. and with the assistance of the Home Guards, the vehicles were restored as they should have been.
They skei from the bniap, from the syllei lyngkha, they look for sohlait, Sohkhyllam, diengphing, mylleng, sohjri, sohlymbaw, to fill their stomachs.
After the inspection, the team found that a lot of garbage had started to pile up on the banks of the river, especially the bottles of kyiad which had been broken.
“In fact, many times her sister-in-law told her that she was seriously ill but the nurses didn't believe her and threw her out saying that the doctors were still busy in the emergency room,” he said. u Bah King.
A Mahindra DI (ML05 0731) driven by Bah Kwostar Diengdoh, 45, of Mawkyrwat, suddenly collided with another vehicle on the NH 40 near No Entry Point. Scorpio, 26, was arrested on Wednesday morning.
Shillong: The Voice of the People Party (VVP) in Meghalaya has held a rally at Madan Polo on Tuesday, July 16, 2013. The VPP has also announced the 16 candidates announced by the party to encourage the leaders of the party. months ago as those candidates who will contest the upcoming elections.
8 handles.
The more wealth they accumulate, the more they want to take over all the contracts.
On the 4th November, Jarain C&SC will play against Dongmihsngi Mupyut at 2.00 pm.
The collection of money here is not related to the road.
At the same time, they demanded that the government should take measures to maintain peace and order in the city.
Therefore, the Garo asked for peace by asking the Khasi to allow them to settle in an uninhabited area.
He said that during the meeting they agreed to pay the money to Upper Assam and the man agreed with these people in Tezpur, Assam and there he paid T.7 lakh. , but later he found out that the siar he had bought was not gold, but a golden coin.
He committed the crime between 12:30 and 1:30 am and surrendered to the East Garo Hills Police Station at 8:30 pm and a case of murder has been registered against him. The body of the victim was found from a height of 25 to 30 feet.
The Nonghyllam Police Station will be inaugurated by the Minister of Home Affairs, Bah HDR Lyngdoh on Tuesday.
We know and understand that once the lockdown is lifted, the authorities in different states, in the country and around the world will face many challenges how to restore the smooth running of economy and development. development projects and especially to address the poverty or unemployment of many churches where we have seen the sudden unemployment of many who work in companies or private sectors.
The reason for their departure from the party was because of the joining of MM Dango to the NPP and they said that the former leaders were not treated with respect.
The District Administration through the District Magistrate has imposed Section 144 CrPC to protect the river.
This will lead you to other knowledge.
KSU Umdohlun Circle and KSU Photumiap Area Unit also visited 25 households in Photumiap, Langpa and New Phanwer villages.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the Minister said that the purpose of his visit to West Khasi Hills is to improve the income of the farmers and The Department of Fisheries has assisted a lot of fish farmers and also in terms of building fish ponds as the government's goal is to produce more fish to avoid imports. out.
It is shocking that this robber dared to attack this child in a public place.
Shillong, November 24: The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) today held a meeting with the Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah, Jaiaw and Lachumier areas to discuss the increase in taxes to the Board at the Soso Tham Auditorium.
The Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) and Pradhan Mantri Jan Yojana (PMJAY) Awards were also distributed to the hospitals which have provided excellent services to the residents.
The office bearers of the Umbir Unit include Samla Bashem Kharnaior as President, Samla Command Kharmyndai as Vice President, Samla Batiplang Nongbri as General Secretary and other members of the Executive Committee.
The tax will be collected directly through FASTag and vehicles without FASTag will have to pay double at the tax collection points.
The employees of the Raj Bhavan, in a complaint to the Prime Minister's Office, said that the Governor has hurt their work, which has also affected their mental health. your world.
The teacher who was arrested under the POCSO Act was identified as Mrinal Basumatary.
He said the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills want the Prime Minister to be from this region after they have experienced 40 years as the Prime Minister of Dr Mukul Sangma from Garo Hills.
He said that after the robbery, the education department has set up a Special Investigation Team (SIT). and they arrested the seven men who were involved.
“We know that the misunderstanding between the vice chancellor and the MCTA, those who will be affected are the students of the state and all parents are concerned about their children.
In reply, Cultural Youth Club Mowkaiaw managed to tied only 71 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 14.4 overs.
Shillong, Lber 25: The Police Department on Tuesday held a discussion on the topic 'Whether it is possible to equalize or compare between how to protect the human rights of anyone' people and the fight against crime in the state'
He said that this is because some of the people have wanted to vote in other constituencies, because some of the districts they have voted in are not related to the constituencies where they can vote. .
Rikitto Nongtdu, JSU leader and JNV member, said that the death of these three persons in jail is unacceptable and such incidents affect the society. society, parents, brothers and sisters and even the District as a whole.
“Shopkeepers have been directed to install CCTV cameras in their shops at appropriate places for security purposes and to detect such illegal activities in their shops," according to the order.
Shillong, July 01: The Border Security Force (BSF) of the 4th Battalion, Meghalaya on duty at the Border Out Post Pyrdiwah have seized sarees worth T.13 lakh from those who were trying to smuggle them. -Illegal to the Baladesh through the border of East Khasi Hills District.
Nartiang is stronger than Moodop in terms of income.
Mr.Reachingson SiangshaiVice President,AJYWO Central Body: Jowai.
A welcome ceremony was held at Tynghor village which is the village of former MLA and Constituency President of the party Bah KP Pangñiang who will contest the election next year.
“We as the land owners don't benefit from this scheme anymore because we have already allocated the land but we have set a condition before signing the MOU that they will implement this scheme. they must be contractors from these areas.
However, we are taught by Doctors, Scientists and experts.
As children, mobile phones worth T5000 / 7000 / 10000 thousand above are already the source of evil.
The Head of Government on Tuesday said that land is still being allocated in Mairang, Upper Shillong and parts of East Garo Hills.
In connection with this incident, no casualties or injuries were reported, but there was only a loss of life for the owners of the house, as all the belongings inside the house were destroyed. this is the fire.
The Catholic Church also prays for the poor, the needy, the sick and the needy so that God will empower and do miracles for them. Pope Francis and others.
“It is an undeniable fact that many MLAs are not happy with the working methods of the incumbent Prime Minister but it remains because they are not willing to fight against it,” he said.
The Under Secretary also sent a letter to KHNAM on the 10th of this month to inform that the government has sent to the Commissioner to look into the matter.
Speaking to reporters, u Bah Shylla expressed his surprise at the statement of Bah Pynshngaiñ in front of the people. “I am surprised that he says he will look after the best for Nongkrem, his duty is to give the money, to look after Nongkrem I am the one who does the best for Nongkrem. I am an MDC,” said Bah Shylla.
Shillong, June 25: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) today demanded an inquiry into the outbreak of tuberculosis among the residents of Shella area and other neighboring villages. The HYC Central Body and Shella Area Unit have sent a petition to the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO) East Khasi Hills District to take immediate action.
But I say unto you, That riches are all these things: but they are an enemy, and a betrayer.
, Yenvera, Distt-Nagpur, Maharashtra (India).
“Regarding the agreement to preserve the land mentioned above, the Sutnga Elaka since 24th June 2017 has already issued a written reminder to the The JHADC has not issued Land Holding Certificate or accepted to register these land as mentioned above but it is sad to say that the JHADC office is still issuing LHC. “These lands have been allocated by the ancestors for the children of the elaka to farm and for other needs of the elaka,” said the statement.
In other matches, Langsning beat Umrit 9-1 in Group-A at the MFA Turf in Shillong.
The raid started from the Fire Brigade to Laitumkhrah Market and raided all the shops along the main road of the area.
Nongstoin, Jymmang 05: Shallang Police together with SWAT, this morning conducted a heavy raid on Nongshram village below Shallang. Five GNLA leaders were arrested from the area.
The meeting was chaired by the Deputy Chairman of the Council, Ailad Bhoi.
Civic officials confirmed that they had about four trees identified as juveniles.
The people have urged the NPP-led MDA government together with the Chief Minister to fight hard as much as possible to pass these bills which are related to the society, the lives and deaths of the people. Therefore, the residents cannot help but look for ways and means how to get these bills which have been pending for many years, especially in Amlarem Block and to look into the MREGA schemes to be released now.
“Yes, nobody can say that,” said Peter's mother. Banisha, when she heard from her room that question, she was shocked because she was too busy with her own business. .
Regarding this, the SP has written to the PWD department to conduct an inspection of the roads especially in public places like Khyndai Lad, Motphran, Don Bosco and other places to install zebras. crossing to make it easier for people to cross the road.
“We need a new power policy,” he said.
The union found that the shop sells up to T.100 tyngka per pocket of envelope, while other shops sell only T.40 tyngka per song.
Kitborlang Khyllai urges the people of Nongthliew, Krang, and other areas to support him in his struggle to become the winner. The Icon of Meghalaya Superstar State Level can be voted for with tickets worth Rs.5/- per vote.
It has been seen in these days that our Government is asking for oxygen from Assam, although the number of Corona cases in the state is still very low compared to the number of cases in Assam.
There are those who fall down after victory, and that pride leads them to destruction.
Therefore, when these companies are in such a situation, they have to take immediate measures to get the remaining money from these states.
Shillong: The smuggling of cows from Assam to Meghalaya in the Jirang area in the evening is a threat to the people of the area and the state due to the rapid spread of covid. -19.
“The condition of this road which is filled with snow shows the inability of this government to ensure the safety of the people,” said the doctor.
At present, the government has just collected the comments on this policy and will soon complete the work.
Even in the midst of the heavy rain, Seng Tulba Mawlai did not rest and conducted a successful cleanliness drive.
The Government of India's intention to hold the Lok SABHA or MP and State Assembly (MLA) elections at the same time is commendable.
With the two-goal lead, Joao Felix scored the third goal for Portugal in the 78th minute.
“If we change the name to India, we have to change the money from the Reserve Bank of India to the Reserve Bank of India,” said Sawkmie.
““As the President of the KSU, I would like to congratulate the nurses and doctors who have donated the blood of the KSU members since the past years until now when there is any incident of bloodshed among our members. " he said.
Therefore, he urged to maintain this spirit of cooperation so that the work in the future will be smooth.
As she said, Kong Dapmiar caught even the tham.
“We have witnessed that the service of Bah Kharmalki as DC of EJHD is a blessing to the District because he has a close relationship with the residents of the District and he is also a person who is ready to help. who are suffering," said a statement from the six organizations.
There are 15,707 cases, 12,969 active cases and 2,230 recoveries, while worldwide there are 2 million cases and 1,0 60,000 people have died.
On Ebola, Bah Warjri said that this is a terrible disease which has claimed many lives so far although this disease happens in African countries, but it spread to other countries.
Speaking as the chief guest, Rajya Sabha MP, Dr.WR Kharlukhi, expressing his pleasure to participate in the commemoration of the death anniversary of Tirot Sing Syiem, said that as part of the Azadi celebrations of the Amrit Mahotsav which marks the 75th Anniversary of India's Independence.
Nongstoiñ, Lber, 10: The farmers are a strong link in increasing income, livelihood and meeting the needs of the state.
These are the sons of Khasi Muslims.
On the other hand, the government should not delay but should set up more parking spaces and also to improve the road as it has set a target to improve the road from Shillong to Dawki.
He said that the four who lost their lives and the two who were injured and are undergoing treatment at NEIGRIHMS Hospital should get justice.
“The State Government, if it wants the residents to accept this decision, should take the consent of the Hima, Village Authorities and the residents. “They don't stand on these grounds to understand each other. This proposal to resolve the border issue, even if they have been resolving it for decades, will not make sense”.
Even if the Arab world tried to exterminate them, even if Adolf Hitler tried to exterminate them completely, he could not in 1939-1945 AD. Even today, the Arab world through Hamas and Hezbollah are trying to and they fought against Israel, but they could not.
It is in this regard that Dr. Mukul Sangma has signed the Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act, 2016 (MRSSA), which has been supported by Conrad K. Sangma.
Nongpoh, July 21: The Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF) from two circles, Umsning Circle and Mawbuh Circle, have found that the construction of the Umsning Fishery Farm of the government, MeSEB has built 9 fish seed ponds which have been destroyed and covered with plants in these days.
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Damewanhi said that during the recent meeting of the VPP with the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, he said that the central government since 2015 has allocated funds. 200 crore for the maintenance of this road.
Speaking on the challenges faced by Bhagwan Birsa Munda for the glory of the tribals, Prime Minister Duh said that Jharkhand has a connection with many tribal heroes.
Such incidents are barbaric acts which many churches cannot accept, and the authorities must ensure that the robbers do not get away with violence and destruction.
The crematorium is estimated to have a depth of 500 feet and thus, until today, it has not been possible to enter the crematorium to search for the dead. The crematorium has been flooded from one crematorium to another and it is said that tomorrow, the crematorium will start pumping water. , at this place and when the water has receded, it will be possible to search for the drowned.
If we take into account the weight of these 127 trucks, if they carry 9 tonnes, the coal that has entered Bangladesh has reached 1143 metric tonnes.
In a petition signed by the President, Bah Roy Kupar Synrem, the union demanded an explanation why the post of Diet Clerk has not been appointed yet despite the results of the Written Test Examination and Typing Speed ​​Examination. Four indigenous people have been found to have passed these two examinations.
Therefore, in all the forests in the Bri u Hynniewtrep which do not fall under the rules of Law Adong, Khloo Blai, Law Shnong, the villagers can register according to their needs,” she said.
According to Article 324, the Election Commission of India is an independent body and has full authority over matters relating to elections or the election of legislators to serve in the Legislative Assemblies of the country. that State.
KSU Jowai Circle Leaders: Ioanis Suchiang President Ewanmi Phawa Vice President Phraki Hawni Thubru General Secretary Auspicious Talang Asst. Leadermi Rymbai Asst.Publicity Secretary Treki Bang Sport Secretary Kyntumiki Lytan Asst.Sport Secretary Tyrshain Dkhar Office Secretary Rimiki Kharsyntiew Asst.Office Secretary Pdianglang Ryngkhlem Finance Secretary Frederick Siangshai Asst.Finance Secretary.
It is worth mentioning that the KSU Nongpoh Circle has lodged a complaint with the CEM of KHADC, who has expressed its deep sorrow over the increasing number of Trading License by the KHADC Police. Foreigners, who came to Nongpoh without any permits or authorization from the relevant authorities.
Governor KK Paul, Chief Minister Mukul Sangma, other dignitaries and MLCU Vice Chancellor Robert G Lyngdoh were also present at the ceremony.
But I believe that the signs of the household are happy, don't be afraid, Hep,” said Lydia.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) and the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) have demanded that the Home Guards and Civil Defense (HG&CD) and the Food Corporation of India (FCI) The two offices should replace the son of Bah Dismarlin Lyngdoh Lyngkhoi.
He said that the party will continue to work hard to strengthen itself in order to reap the fruits of victory in the upcoming elections and to be able to accomplish many of the pending tasks of the people. should benefit.
It is learned that the truck carrying these cows was covered with Tyrpal, and it was not identified as the truck carrying the cows. kit masi, after the truck overturned at a more remote place in Jyntru village, as all the cows she was carrying, came out of the truck.
However, the main demands such as the Minimum Support Price, the reduction of farmers' income and the implementation of the recommendations of the Swaminathan Commission.
In connection with this programme, Ms. YR Mawlong, Additional Deputy Commissioner, South West Khasi Hills District, Mawkyrwat gave a public explanation on the rights of consumers and the duties that consumers should know. and understand and remember that when they go to the shops they should not forget to check the dates and years written on the goods or other services that may be dangerous or harmful to health .
He said that the VC of NEHU treats the university as his company and takes himself as the CEO but NEHU is not a company to do so.
Shillong, Lber 15: The three day film festival ended on Saturday at the Soso Tham Auditorium where youth and children flocked to watch the films for the three days.
This year, there is no such restriction on the part of the government authorities even though the disease has not been completely cleansed.
The project was started from 2016 to 2017 and the construction of the hospital will be completed after the rainy season.
With 14 fours and two sixes, Momin fell in the 43rd over, but after him, Meghalaya managed to add another 30 runs with PM Santosh contributing. He scored 16 runs in the last ball to reach a total of 217 runs.
The same thing happens in this beloved country of ours that if people fear and pray to God and come forward to rebuild the broken foundations of humanity, God will always be with them because God Himself says – “That if the people would seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways, then I would hear from heaven, and would forgive their sin, and would heal their land”.2 Chronicles 7:1
On the other hand, the KSU North Khasi Hills District Unit, led by Samla Lambok Rymbai as Vice President and members met with these two prominent wrestlers and as an encouragement they also gave a gift. The donation is part of the donation to support them in their participation in the World Handball Championship to be held in Turkey.
He also criticized whether it is due to corruption that the road has been left unmaintained.
The Department of Sports and Youth Affairs has worked hard to support these efforts through schemes such as the Chief Minister's Youth Development Program (CMYDS).
The two sons of Jha, who were wanted by the police but escaped, include Govind Jha, CMJ Foundation Secretary and Gopal Jha.
Two days before the incident, a video of several youths dancing with placards of Aurangzeb has spread widely.
The dead bodies were long and broken.
This step was taken after witnessing the increase in the number of cases of Covid-19 in the district and the state as a whole in recent days.
take and hand over to the missionaries to run this school for the benefit of the area.
The third question for the Government is, How will the Government react when some schools teach online and some schools cannot teach online? If those who can do it are allowed to do and those who cannot do it don't have to do it, then there will be a big gap between online and non-online schools.
He urged the policy practitioners and administrators to come up with new ideas to run hospitals in the public sector.
The friendly football match will start at 2 pm and Nongpoh MLA, Bah Mayral Born Syiem will be the chief guest.
I paid $99,983.64 at the Malmaison Hotel, Manchester.
Meghalaya will elect MLAs for the first time in the upcoming elections in
Goyal also urged the people of the state to suffer together and said that the department has tried its best to resolve this issue.
“Although the government says that the KHADC cannot challenge trading licenses in areas under the jurisdiction of the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB), but according to the social agreement, the KHADC has the authority,” he said. “Because the Khasi States have not signed the Instrument of Merger.
Shillong Lajong will also prepare for their second home match on the 19th against Diamond Rock Football Club and East Bengal on the 29th.
It may be recalled that on 5th June 2018, T.4,29,800 was seized from another person, who claimed to be the Secretary of the VEC and that this is the money of the 100 days workers. .
In the U-18 category, Ibaihun Kurbah of Eastern West Khasi Hills District won the title of Best Athlete with 1262 points after winning two gold medals. Donbok Shabong of East Khasi Hills District won the title in the boys ' 100 and 200 meters events with 1638 points He won the gold medal in the 200 & 400 metres.
Regarding the assistance from the government authorities, he said that the woman has already applied for the death scheme.
He said that the Chief Minister of Assam has requested the Meghalaya government to fix a new date to inspect the border areas before the start of the border talks. two.
It is said that one of the statues of Mary was torn apart using a chain.
Shillong, June 07: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has banned the Heads of Village, Hima and Elaka from giving syrnot to any residents for the purpose of changing the Khasi caste or to without complying with the provisions of Sections 3 and 12 of the Khasi Lineage Act,
For essential purposes it is better to do only video conference.
Jowai, Naiwieng 03: U Justine Dkhar, Parliamentary Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the medical treatment and distribution of medicines organized by MCL at Wahiajer village, Narpuh. District.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 02: About 34 students of the University of Science and Technology (USTM) today left the university to take part in the Global Entrepreneurship Summit (GES), organized by the Entrepreneurship Cell. (E-Cell), IIT Kharagpur from the 3rd to the 5th of this month.
Santa Mary Shylla (MLA) was the chief guest in the presence of A. Lakiang, Joint Secretary, Raj Bhawan Shillong, President C. Najiar, Founder Member, KNIKMS. KNIKMS office bearers and the public who attended the ceremony.
Regarding the relocation of the equipment from MCH Nongstoiñ to Mawkyrwat, the Sengbhalang has not yet said anything but has requested and given them two days to think.
They know very well that politics is a means of making money.
Shillong, March 15: The UDP Mylliem Constituency Women's Wing (UDP) Mylliem Constituency Women's Wing (UDP) has informed the students from Lawsohtun to Mylliem and Mawreng area who have passed the 1st grade. The 2nd Academic Award 2013 will be awarded on the 19th of this month at Albera Memorial Hall, Upper Shillong at 11.00 am.
All four of them were stabbed with T.20 lakh on their heads, said a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police (SP) of Dantewada Gaurav Rai.
Of course we accept and respect this because perhaps our Garo brothers and sisters are still inferior to us Khasi in terms of education, economic-social condition and so on.
“The people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills should vote for the party to form a government in Delhi,” he said. year 1972.
He also denied that there would be more chances if he contested from the party but said that the decision of the people to send him to contest independently would be sufficient because all the supporters of the parties would come to support him without it's a new party.
“The MDA will win from both Shillong and Tura,” he said.
He said Meghalaya has received 241 acres of land from the border settlement between India and Bangladesh by the government of Prime Minister Narendra Modi and 41 acres of land has fled to Bangladesh. .
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 10: The MeECL department has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of three villages in West Khasi Hills District, especially to those households who are illiterate and ignorant, where they have to pay a high electricity bill which is many times different from the usual electricity bill.
The NRFM (formerly known as the United Revolutionary Front) was formed on 11th November, 2011 by members of three groups of the KCP, the Meitei armed group.
The 56-year-old man was wearing a blue pants, a white jacket and a white jacket.
Similarly, the government does not provide land to private individuals.
He said KAS will send its own petition to the Indian government and will meet Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Rajnath Singh in Delhi to submit the petition.
Shillong: The reason for the cancellation of the notice issued by the Government on 29th June 2019 through the Department of Commerce and Industry regarding the land taken by the Government to be recognized as “Industrial Estate" and this announcement was removed on 26th November 2019, due to a misunderstanding.
However, since it is from the local government, it will take longer to complete.
“In today's age, skills-based education is more important than education in schools and colleges.
US officials also stated through the media that they believed ISIS's claim about the incident was true.
MDCs including Ronnie V Lyngdoh, Bajop Pyngrope, PN Syiem, Jambor War, Latiplang Kharkongor and others also took part in the discussion.
According to a statement issued by the PRO, he said that the raid was conducted after receiving detailed information from the intelligence agencies on the presence of NSCN-IM members who were walking around the area. on the Mokokchung-Mariani road, along with threatening and extorting money from the residents of the area.
Speaking as the chief guest on the occasion of World Environment Day in Mawkyrwat, IAS Deputy Commissioner T.Lyngwa said that about 40 million tonnes of plastic has been produced worldwide. years and if people don't use them only after 40 years plastic will fill the rivers, forests and even inside the rooms of our people.
That's the danger of this," he said.
Besides, the displacement of Manipuris is very sad.
U Bah P.Mawlieh , one of the farmers in the area , said that in the past years , all the cultivation of synsar has been like a lucky job because there are times when the price of synsar has reached only 100 kyats ten kilograms.
The Government has set a target to support young people in sports, arts, business, music.
Tynsong said the NPP has chosen to give the ticket to Ransom because it has known him for a long time and is willing to trust him.
However, the arshah is getting worse and worse, the money that should be received by the people is also deposited by the traders.
There are 19 clubs participating in this tournament in which three teams have been included in one group and only four teams have been included in Group-B.Khat Nine clubs have qualified directly for the tournament and only Shillong Lajong and Downtown Heroes FC have qualified through the qualifying round.
This project is not only aimed at those who go to school, those who drop out part-time but at all those who want to train themselves even those who are illiterate as well.
Shillong: Members of the Myntdu River Cleanup Association, under the leadership of President Khroo Lamsalanki Pariat, today held a meeting to clean up the Myntdu River. Jowai-Amlarem road, the place where the hills have been cleared for the construction of the Jowai-Amlarem road from Treiongriang to Lad Demthring.
He said that as it is clear from the announcement of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the state is from the armed forces.
The Meghalaya High Court on 6th October, 2023, has directed the relevant authorities to ensure that the Shillong-Dawki road should be completed without any delay. He said that the construction of the new Shillong-Dawki road is a pride for the State and a connectivity to the necessary areas.
The Zonal Magistrate arrived at the polling station to collect the EVMs and VVPATs and personally went to Jangrapara Polling Station along with a team.
On the other hand, the President of the NPP West Jaintia Hills MLA, Wailadmiki Shylla, in a statement to the media, said that the party has celebrated this day on the 24th of July.
Therefore, he said that even at this time, although the Covid-19 pandemic has started to spread again in China, the authorities are no longer confident to introduce or implement the rules to prevent the spread of the disease.
Have those thousands of dollars spent on this department been hidden ? ? ? Every month, the teachers have been struggling to leave the streets.
He said Mahadev Khola has an area of ​​36,000 square feet and the people there have tried to build big houses.
They alleged that the Reservation Policy in the last 50 years has benefited only the Garo people and therefore demanded that if it cannot be resolved, it is better to divide Meghalaya into Garo states. two parts.
Speeches were also delivered by Pet Dhar from the Seiñ Raij Nangbah on the topic “Religion is the strength of the nation” and also by Sailang Lyngdoh from the Seiñ Raij Dienchynrum on the topic “The Niam ka Rukom" and speeches by Dr. Solony Bareh from the Sengkhihlang on the theme "Strengthening the Foundation of Culture and Tradition" and traditional dances from various departments of the Seiñ Raij.
Democracy and the Constitution not only provide a platform for discussion but also give citizens the right and freedom to create platforms for discussion and dialogue.
With the loss of all the batsmen in the first innings, Meghalaya bowled well and finished the innings for Pondicherry by 228 in 43.4 overs.
At such a time, it is not necessary to look at the government, and to want only peace, everyone is suffering, not only you, my friends.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh said that there are other ways to fight and end the illegal activities by bringing about dialogue and not with guns and bullets.
There was a time when the KSU youths threw a stick at a boarding school, which shows that there is business aggression behind this.
When asked from which party he wants to contest the MP election, Bah Bindo said, “We will meet again because that is still pending. “Many of those who have voted for me want me to contest the MP election,” said Bah Bindo M Lanong.
Murdoch's fourth marriage took place in California, where he married 67-year-old Elena Zhukova.
This was announced by the Rangbah Shnong, Bah B.Syngkrem.
To ensure peace and order in the market, the CEM said the EC has also decided to deploy 10 enforcement police of KHADC for night duty along with 10 other police forces of Iewduh. the Hima Mylliem to prevent any illegal activities.
The BSF seized these bags and when they opened them, they found that they were sarees worth T.14 lakh from Bagli in South West Khasi Hills District.
Speaking to photographers in Bandra, Mumbai, Chopra agreed to marry Rahul, but she wanted to set one condition and that is that she doesn't want to take birth from her husband.
In 2018, he left the BJP after being rejected from the MP constituency. However, in 2021, he joined the Trinamool Congress and became the National Vice President.
It is wrong to reveal to the people that the Congress party did not attend the meeting,” said the Congress party.
He said that in April, the Chief Ministers of the two states will hold a meeting to discuss the second phase of the border settlement in Guwahati.
The state police have sought the cooperation of police from different states in the country to search for CM Jha.
Police have registered a case on the incident and the investigation is ongoing to track down the perpetrators.
On the other hand, the DC urged the people not to be slaves of these new technologies, but these new technologies should be our slaves.
“In the midst of the floods, the storm, the people should decide what to decide for the people, many other MLAs who are MDCs, have resigned from the post of MDC like Bah Ardent, Bah Metbah because they want the MLA's chair," he said.
We don't know how the Government works, what we want is to bring the truth about the murder of Bah Che and justice by the law of the Court and not the law of the Government. with money.
A statement from the BSF said that after receiving a tip that some people were trying to smuggle goods to Bangladesh, the BOP Pyrdiwah troops conducted a search operation in the area.
According to a petition sent by the Chairman of the Education Cell, Evansroy Nongrem and the Secretary of the Education Cell, Episcopal Lyngdoh, they have requested to temporarily suspend the queuing of students before the Morning Assembly due to the heat. Many parents have informed the organization that some children have fallen ill.
In a statement sent by the Media Department of the party, it said (probably the President of the party) “I have spoken to the residents of Tura, who are near the party. I understand that Bernard Marak has been arrested.
Because Langpih is an area on the border with Assam, the government has also listened.
If there is such a thought, it should be revealed, it should be heard, it should be the struggle of the people to fight with one force to solve the problems that are a barrier to the nation. .
“Government vehicles don't pay anything but the price charged by the passengers is higher than commercial vehicles,” said Bah Kurkalang.
Therefore, he said that they are no longer interested in continuing the talks.
Duplicate marksheets can be submitted to the numbers below and the deadline for submission of duplicate marksheets or xerox copies is 25th September
Hundreds of Mahila Congress members took part in the protest and were seen carrying placards to express their opposition.
Located in the heart of Shillong, also known as the “Scotland of the East”, the 182-room building offers beautiful views of the mountains. the inhabitants of the noise of the city and the quietness of the city.
It is true that money has deceived many people these days. There is no longer the desire to get a little or a little, but everyone wants to get more and more.
However, the PCB, in response, has rejected the proposal to host the tournament in Sri Lanka.
Shillong: The All Meghalaya Primary School Teachers' Association (AMPSTA) will hold its ninth conference on the 27th June 2019 at 11 am at the Good Shepherd School Stadium, Lad Rymbai.
People can come up with many kinds of accusations but everything is fine.
The PA Sangma Football Stadium is part of the PA Sangma Sports Complex which was opened in November,
It was found that almost all of these houses which have been built in the past, are no longer suitable for use and as it is now, it has been found that all this has been a waste of public money, because Until today, no benefits have been provided to the poor people living in the Nongpoh area.
“The present generation should come forward to scientifically verify the astronomical formulas contained in the sacred scriptures of India and should renew their reading.
However, these plans of his did not succeed because people did not understand his scientific methods and this led to his defeat in the contest against Vincent Pala,” said the NPP. The party has advised Bah Jemino to stop his corruption so that he does not become an empty tynghung that sounds like a party that has almost disappeared here in Meghalaya.
Nongpoh: Leading leaders of the Khasi Student Union (KSU) on Saturday visited the Umbir Unit in Ri Bhoi District to confirm the new office bearers of the Umbir Unit.
“To improve the quality of education, we also need to improve the college,” he said.
Poland (Sandra Bernal, Piotr Kowalczyk) 6 (143); 4.
One of the things that Dr John Roberts did was to translate into Khasi English plays and he put into Khasi the speech of Kassius to Brutus to fight against Caesar.
Alvin said that HM Shangpliang, after winning the MLA election from the Congress party, joined the TMC and contested the last MLA election. Therefore, Bah Alvin hopes that the cooperation between the two leaders will strengthen the NPP in Mawsynram constituency and the state as a whole.
The State Government has launched the Tribe Certificate for the areas under the KHADC in connection with the issuance of Scheduled Tribe Certificates in the State.
Pastor WK Syiemlieh President of BSI Mawphlang-Sohiong Branch, Pastor SD Marweiñ of BSI Balat Branch and Pastor BTS Langstieh of BSI Balat Branch gave greetings. Shillong Auxiliary.
The exhibition will be held from 9th March, 2023 at the Mission Village Council Hall.
In another statement, the Borghat Jaliakhola Aquatic Life Welfare Association, expressed its strong opposition to the attack on Markos Syrti, of Chiehruphi Village, who shot and bombed the fish. in Wah Prang, on the 23rd of this month.
In the past, hundreds of books were written together to serve as reference works used by great thinkers.
He was born in 1873 at Saitsohpen, Sohra.
Therefore, in order to implement the ILP throughout Meghalaya, the approval of the President of India is required.
William teacher of St.Emunds Shillong, Kong Susana Khongwir trainer and counselor, Fr.Michael Makri Director of DBYC. this day.
Many people have visited the sohsaw since yesterday until today, where the owners of the houses said that even today they have not woken up but those who want to see the sohsaw have started standing. line outside the house.
Lurman Talang, Secretary KSU-WJC in his speech said that the KSU has taken seriously this issue by meeting with the Health Minister in the past.
The High Court of Meghalaya on Thursday issued an order that all residents who have reached the age of 18 years, both men and women, should take part in the election of village office bearers.
On the other hand, the Chief Guest, Wailadmiki Shylla, congratulated the Shnong under the leadership of the Waheh Shnong, for through the 100 days scheme, many development works have been completed in the village especially the bridge.
The Chief Minister said that the state government cannot ban the return of foreigners to the state, as they are working and studying abroad, but the state government urges them to quarantine for 7 days even if they are negative in the RTPCR test.
Deaths can also occur due to injuries when these monkeys chase animals, shooting at them, vehicle collisions, poisoning and being eaten by other wild animals and other reasons.
Roykupar Synrem has been sworn in as the new president of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and Rhembor G Saiborn as the general secretary at the GEC meeting held on the 14th of this month. .
There are many things in our lives to spill the fragrance into how we should be in life.
More than 140 people have been injured and more than 200 animals have died.
Society should have a goal to find ways to awaken our people from selfishness, selfishness, pride, selfishness and contempt for our neighbours.
Therefore, according to my understanding, this Act has nothing to do with providing peace to the Khasi and Garo indigenous tribes because this Act does not seem to apply to other Scheduled Tribes. It is recognized in Meghalaya to purchase land from the Khasi and Garo indigenous peoples.
Shillong, Jymmang 6: The implementation of the pre-paid meter will end the queue of the people to pay their electricity bills.
Indeed, many of the stories about Tirot Singh are true.
In the U17 boys category, H.Elias HSS beat Tlongumniam HSS 3-0 with the goals scored by Ioanis Suchen (42 min) and Benjamin Diengdoh (49 min). and 60 min).
“In an interview with Bernard Marak, he said that he is now in fear of his own life.
Apol Mawniuh, staff of Umkei Sports Club, students and residents who took part in the programme.
The Bench directed that the relevant report should be submitted by the State next month.
The Khasi is entitled to 75 percent of the jobs, while the Garo is entitled to 75 percent of the jobs, because even if we compare the population, the Garo is only 4/3 of the Khasi.
The union, meanwhile, stressed the demand for the immediate withdrawal of the letter issued on May 12,
Regarding the drawing of a man dressed in a robe with a sword in front of him; Babu Ron said that this was during the cold rainy season and at that time, they did not have the sound systems as they do now; when they called to the city, they played the harp.
From the four villages of Laitkroh C&RD Block, the villages of Iewshyllong Setthliew, Laitmawlong Wahpein, Madan Lyngkhi Nonglum and Nongthymmai Lumthangding will fall under the Laitlyngkot GS Circle.
However, this can be left to the experts on the subject once it has been empowered by the authority to be approved by the Dorbar Thawaiñ.
I did not stop the strike and continued my work as an OSD in Railways.
In this regard, the union will soon meet with the District authorities of Ri-Bhoi District to seek clarification on the inability to implement the AEC building which has turned into a dilapidated building. The union will also give time to implement the building for the benefit of the people and if the district authorities cannot implement it, the union will clean up this building and turn it into the office of the union. said Bah George Tangsang, leader of FKJGP Umling Circle.
Shillong, Nailur 29 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the people should not have any doubts regarding the casino as the government has decided not to operate it anymore. forward after opposition arose from many quarters.
“I am surprised that the Prime Minister has brought the Congress manifesto, saying that the government cannot implement the ILP because it is not in the party manifesto,” he said.
Regarding the opening of places of worship, following the increase in the number of places of worship in the State and the failure of many to meet the requirements and arrangements of the Government, the meeting felt that they should not be opened. but to wait until the end of this month, and talk again after that.
The Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima has summoned 11 complainants from the Raid Sadew Lajem to discuss the issue of the Office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima on 11th June, Ride Saddle Lighting.
In 2015, there were 1980 people with disabilities between 0-3 years, 3482 people between 3-6 years, 10501 people with disabilities between 18 years and 59 years. There are 13451 people, and 2592 people over 60 years of age.
In the 1970s and 80's, the government used to call upon the sub stations to use energy to preserve the forest.
However, the people have already experienced the same leaders of the AITC when the MLAs of this party were still in the Congress before wearing the uniform of the AITC. they don’t want to at all and maybe that depends on the personal views of the voters.
Read Your Hope2
He also tried to bring a night club in Nongkhnum and if the women's organizations did not oppose, perhaps the village would have been polluted despite its beauty.
Shillong, Nailar 11 : The Cabinet of Ministers of the State Government, which met on Thursday, has decided to establish a thorough review and to set a limit on the foreign visits of the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, the Ministers and Officers shall be held only twice a year for the financial year.
The Ministry of Home Affairs today announced that those who receive foreign aid worth less than Rs 1 lakh, do not need to inform the government under the Foreign Contribution Act ( Regulation) Act (FCRA), and this is an increase from the previous amount of T.25,0
Those who attended the program included Rev. EK Mujat, Executive Secretary Narpuh Border Presbytery, Rev. K. Laloo, Rev. PRL Gadew, Rangbah Shnong Lumshnong, Bah Monlang Ladong, Principal. .
The tournament was opened by Bah Mawthoh on the 8th and closed on the evening of the 9th by B.Kharbuli, Ex Chief. PWD Engineer. On this occasion, about 1048 people including players, coaches, technical officials, volunteers, members and parents from all over the country attended the ceremony. Karate tournament was attended by representatives from North East.
Raw Pale in the 55th minute and Mon Phawa in the 78th minute scored for Kner Sungoh (Namdong).
In addition to Wycliffe and Tyndale, there is the Geneva Bible, published in 1560, which was written in language that the common people and ordinary people could read and understand.
On the other hand, Bah Thongni said that he and other colleagues from the Congress party have left the party because they do not support the candidate whom the Congress party has given ticket. On this basis, we have left the party to support Bah James Sylliang.
The second part of the training was on Psychodrama which helped to explain to the participants how Psychodrama works; to help them take important steps and provide meaningful explanations of psychodrama through action demonstrations.
He said that the arrears and salaries of Adhoc Secondary, Deficit and Higher Secondary Ad Hoc have been released in April
The soldier was identified as Phrangki Tangliang, son of M Shadap who passed away yesterday.
Shylla said the order of the Government of India to set up the committee is a threat to the villages in Khasi-Jaintia. “It is the right thing to do to bring Panchayat (Indirect) in our villages. This is a good thing,” said Bah Shylla.
He said the central government has rejected four times the demand of Meghalaya to ban the entry of foreigners, the first in 1973, the second in 1986 and the third in 2006 and the fourth as it appears now on the decision of the House taken on 19/12/2019 to implement the ILP. Kharjahrin said that this will not be in conflict with this demand, as the demand for ILP will now be in the whole state.
My name is Bah Benister Kharpor.
Because many of the recommendations that the Committee has sent in accordance with the directive and order of the SC according to the order issued on 3rd November 2019 but no cooperation has been received from the government.
“I don't know what the HYC will use after 25-30 years,” said Bah Dohling and added that if the government does not implement the VAB, the HYC will not stop its protest.
Despite the struggles to save the unit, the unit has not been able to survive and the company in charge of the unit has decided to leave and pay VRS to 15 employees. .
It may be recalled that the KHADC on the 3rd of this month has awarded a contract to Bah Pynshngaiñ Nongbet to distribute licenses for Ri-Bhoi District and to Bah Felix Kharpuri for East Khasi Hills. ended November 3, 2019 at an earnings yield of 5%.
Mandsaur, MP from Madhya Pradesh, said, “Speaking according to Indian law, Aamir Khan has been the main cause of abortion.
For example, do we no longer need to remember the bloody wars that our brothers and sisters fought in the past? Should we forget, because history has passed? However, does it have any impact on our present life or on our present nation? The heroes of our country or those Khyndai Bah-Ryntieh like Tirot Singh Syiemlieh, Kiang Nangbah, Hopingstone Lyngdoh and others who gave their lives without appearing in the pages of history books, what? which has made them no longer count even to suffer that death which will destroy them for the sake of our nation? Isn't it for you and me? Isn't it because of their blood that we have been able to survive in this Ri Hynniewtrep Hynniawwasa? If there is no right to release us during the British period, do you think the Government of India will release us? When the Government of India is ready to take over our land if it can even now.
Under the present government, the Ministry of Tourism has been directed to hold cultural festivals from this region in all the major cities of the country so that the people of India can know.
He said that after understanding why the implementation of the JJM scheme in Lummawnei, Umthlong, Mawiong and other villages in these areas has stopped, he has directed the Additional Chief Engineer to collect the funds. He said that a meeting of Rangbah Shnongs, land owners and other stakeholders to discuss the issue but a few days later the Minister of PHE has called for the leadership between He and MDC Bah Teiborlang Pathaw, Rangbah Shnongs but did not invite or provide any information as mentioned in the Office Memorandum issued by the Personnel Department through Notification PER.9/ 2009/Pt74 and other notifications issued later and the latest notification is issued on 1st November 2023 regarding the role of offices and departments to inform the MLA of those These schemes are funded by the Central Government or the State Government.
The total number of cases in the country has now reached 13,36,861, with 4,56,071 still undergoing treatment and 8,49,432 recovered.
On the other hand, the Chief Electoral Officer (CEO) Dr BDR Tiwari said that the period of lockdown has started at 4 pm on the 17th of this month and that political parties can no longer hold the elections. rally or any election campaign except for going to the houses and meeting the people.
However, most of the time, the youth do not get tired of working in small jobs. This is one of the ways to enable the youth to stand on their own feet.
The program was enriched by songs, dances by the students as well as a traditional dance known as the Rong Khusi.
In these days of Corona, I would like to advise the Dorbar Shnongs that it is best to follow and obey the laws of the Government.
We have seen the flow of the Umshyrpi and Umkhrah Rivers which have been flooded even for a walk.
And this I did in Jerusalem: and many of the saints did I shut up in prison, beating them in the synagogues.
The deadline for submission of applications is June 24, 2023.
She said the government has cleaned the carpet for the rich and companies to invest in various departments such as the Defense Department and the Finance Department to discriminate against the poor.
He congratulated all those who have come forward to fight against COVID-19 especially the ASHA workers who have not given up their jobs and salaries, but have worked hard to fight against the disease and to provide training to the public. valid quarantine.
Samla Jason Lennox Nongrum said that their departure from the party is not a force only because they have been influenced by the leader of the party and they themselves as leaders and members of the district. Circle and Unit have decided to leave the party because they do not agree with what the party leader has done.
The Seng is ready to cooperate with the police and VDPs of the villages if necessary for the benefit of the area.
The chief guests on the occasion were the Dolloi of Jowai District, Ma Puramon Kynjing, the Chief Guest Prof. PM Passah, members of the Executive Committee of the Village, parents, youth and invited guests.
However, on the other hand, he said that in the long run, it can do this but not just close it.
Shillong: The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Titosstarwell Chyne today introduced the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Bill,
Rupang: In your news release, you apologize to the public that you cannot talk to the Supreme Court to repeal the MMDR Act, would you please explain more clearly? Lber: The MMDR Act 1957 will It is a stumbling block for the coal workers even if the state government does not know how to make and develop rules and policies in the right manner.
The Gospel of Jesus Christ has been preached and is being preached all over the world through various media channels and through preachers.
On receiving information about the incident, police from Byrnihat Police Outpost, rushed to the scene, to rescue the victim. She was rushed to Byrnihat PHC, but when she arrived at the hospital, the doctors pronounced her dead.
However, Kumar alleged that the four men had left the workplace in Pynursla without paying the money of ` 3.13 crore to him.
The highest rainfall was recorded at RKM Sohra, with 588.8mm.
“I said, 'This year I will stop before I eat again next year.
If this happens, the number of NPP MLAs will increase to 33 and it has paved the way for the party to rule alone without the need for others.
The raid was conducted after receiving a tip that some GNLA cadres were involved in the bomb blast on 9th July in Williamnagar, especially the area commander. Ajan Momin, who is also known as Jimmy.
The recruitment will continue until 28th May.
The body of Archbishop Dominic Jala will be laid to rest at his mother's house in Mawlai Phudmuri tonight.
“The Minister also congratulated the ASHAs who continue to do their job despite the strike.
Of the total revenue collected by the State Government, three percent of the revenue which is the Cess Tax of the Education Department should go to the Lower Primary to Higher Secondary.
In his speech, the Minister also touched upon the recent defeat of the Congress party in the Legislative Assembly elections in Tripura, Meghalaya and Nagaland.
“Zechariah 12:2–5.
“The units of the Southern and Western Military Districts have completed their duties and now they have packed the most bags by car or train and will return to their bases. their.
Jharkhand Chief Minister Hemant Soren said that the Maoist militants have reached the point of collapse in Jharkhand. The Union Home Minister, Amit Shah, on Thursday in New Delhi, urged the Union Government to continue to provide support to the leave the state.
They will be sorry in their hearts that they rejected him, persecuted him, and crucified him.
This Act is against the 6th Scheduled, and has destroyed the customs and traditions of our people.
“In the months before the elections, Bah Lapang had to go in and out of the hospital for treatment. His wife also went in and out of the hospital because of her health. I don't know that the AICC has appointed me as President of the MPCC and I don't have any knowledge or understanding that I too am involved in the election process myself.
Stalin said this action violated the role of democracy enshrined in the Constitution of India.
“In my opinion, there is no difference that Woh Kiri Dhar and Wickliffe Syiem should receive the same honor as freedom fighters as Woh Kiang Nangbah and Tirot Singh Syiem,” said Bah Kharbani.
The Prime Minister said the Congress party and its political activities have been the main cause of the problems in the region.
If you speak Khasi, act like Khasi, think like Khasi.
On the 15th of this month, the youths seized a Scropio vehicle and ammunition from the Mawkynroh Police Out post.
Besides, he urged the residents who have not yet registered to do so in order to receive various benefits from the Central and State Governments.
Shillong, June 19: Students of Shillong Polytechnic today protested against the state government for not paying their scholarships. They staged a protest in front of the school today with slogans and placards written against the state government.
Therefore, the union demands that the government should immediately send a doctor to the PHC at Mawlasnai and also to use the Sub Center at Thadrang, so that it will be of benefit to them. People who are not able to get medicine or treatment at private health facilities.
In this regard, the question is who is responsible for the loss of data pack money of the people distributed by the state government? In fact, when there are any problems in the state, the government should not lose the internet but the “If you don't have access to the internet, the government will not be able to maintain peace and order in the state,” he said. you don't look for other ways.
“With the existence of the ECDM, the Government will help parents to take care of and find ways to improve the welfare of children, to protect their children from child marriage later,” he said.
The DC as the chief guest praised the beauty and cleanliness of the venue and wished Tei a successful project.
Before the rainy season, the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has identified about 217 houses that are in danger and has sent warning letters before demolishing them.
It is also reported that these people have fake pages and they become friends with different people and then they talk stories and mislead these friends on the facebook page.
All these religions teach the good: to avoid the evil deeds of fraud, corruption, money laundering to get votes or other fraudulent activities by giving MLA schemes or others to vote.
In another match, Poland beat Japan 1-0 in Group H. Jan Bednarek scored the first goal for Poland in the 59th minute.
In the men's category, Mawshynrut Block beat Rambrai Block by 7 goals to none.
This will also include discussions on trade, budgets, travel, the use of foreign currencies for future cooperation.
She said that the sudden arrival of the TMC and the sudden appearance after the elections in Goa has caused a lot of concern to the TMC.
It is learned that the employee, who did not give his name, had misused the password issued by the bank, in which he had misused the money, in the past many months and to steal. and do not play online betting.
He continued, “The lyngkhot lyngkhai ram cannot be escaped but be careful.
The researchers used data from the NFHS 2005-06, 2015-16 and 2019-2
The Minister also met with the students of Mawphanlur Upper Primary School and after that he also gathered all the BJP workers from different constituencies of West Khasi Hills. District.
Nongpoh, Nailar 03: Six patients from Baridua village have been rushed to City Hospital Guwahati, after the health department in Ri Bhoi, suspected that these six patients had Dengue Fever is a disease spread by the bite of Cain.
On this occasion, TAs and certificates were distributed to all the participants by the Chief Guest and Symbud Chief Guest.
The boundaries around this village are as follows: To the east are Mawthoh, Diskiang and Mawthar.
In the opinion of this writer, the honor goes to D.Vijay Kumar I.A.S because until now there has been no foreigner who has seen far away the life of the indigenous people.
The tournament is also part of the commemoration of the 188th death anniversary of Pa'iem Tirot Singh.
“We have decided to start our strike from tomorrow until we get our salary,” said Johnson Pohrmen.
S Kharkongngor, Rangbah Shnong of Mawnianglah, said that during the heavy rains, the flood waters have reached about 50 feet above the highway. The flooding has caused problems to the pedestrians, as they have been swept away by the water, in the vehicles going up and down the highway.
There is no such principle that when one or the other rises, all rise together.
He said that the political parties within the MDA are confident that they will be able to form the EC in KHADC this time.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, has announced a curfew in 20 different villages in Shillong and surrounding areas.
“The wealth that never fails or no one can steal or loot the wealth of knowledge that you have acquired through hard work and minutes”, said the Chief Pa'iem of Hima Langrin Onanstar Syiemïong.
Simran Gurung scored the first goal for Sikkim.
The reluctance of the Central Government to include petrol and diesel in the GST is another indication that the government wants to collect revenue from these fuels.
This has happened in the past years and continues to this day.
They need to talk about their worries.
The Department of Animal Husbandry has also issued guidelines on what should be done and what should not be done in these areas and has set up a containment zone in these areas to prevent the spread of the disease. .
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Bormanding Nonglang, President of the District Congress Committee, said, “The people of West Khasi Hills and the state itself have rejected the NPP-led MDA government. The NPP is the only party in the country.
The MLA together with the Engineers and Village Officials, inspected the ringum and treatment of water in Umsohlang and found that the water supplied to the people is clean to drink, but the income of the people is good. The MLA said that the pipes will be replaced in the coming days. The MLA said that the pipes have been damaged.
This collection of garbage has affected all the residents, motor vehicles and especially the market dwellers, shopkeepers who have been affected until they have to close their shops in these few days.
Shillong: Former Chief Minister and AITC Leader Dr Mukul Sangma on Thursday said that the party can nominate only from Tura Parliamentary constituency to contest the upcoming Lok Sabha elections.
He also questioned why the Government as the owner of the house has to appear before the tenants.
The JNC Nongkhlieh Circle on Tuesday renewed the office bearers of the JNC Nongkhlieh Circle at a meeting held at the hall of Shnongrim Village, Nongkhlieh Circle. The meeting was conducted by JNC-CEC Publicity & Information Secretary Mehi Rymbai, President Sumer Circle Sakilan Chyrmang and other leaders and members from various units of JNC-CEC. The leaders and members of the Circle were welcomed by the President of JNC-Sumer Circle, Bah Sakilan Chyrmang. Encourage the Circle to continue to work hard for the country and the nation.
Shillong: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) has imposed a fine of Rs 10 lakh on four cooperative banks including two banks in Meghalaya. the rules were broken.
Nongstoiñ, July 4: The Rangbah Shnong of Umwali has been accused of robbing the farms and crops of the villagers. continue.
The National Law Commission in 2018, after conducting a Public Consultation, has recommended that the UCC should not be implemented but should be improved and clarified. the existing customs of the various races and ethnic groups in India.
Ma Rynsong Suting also offered a prayer at the meeting conducted by Ma M.Mylliemngap.
