If we can't do that, it means we haven't done our job properly," he said.
Clean up and regulate the Meghalaya Public Service Commission – the body with the authority to select employees.
Effective community management can reduce the risks of infectious diseases.
“So don't think that you can deceive the people of Meghalaya with money.
Shillong, Nailar 25: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) has welcomed the appointment of the Chairperson and members of the Expert Committee to improve the Reservation Policy.
The deadline for submission of application forms is 6th July.
Rev. TP Kurbah, President of TULBA, Samla Samuel Kurbah, President of TULBA Eastern Zone, members of TULBA. from various departments, in the presence of the relatives of Bah Jewin Makri and village leaders.
Many mothers and children are abandoned by our husbands just because of the inability to provide fish for their families.
(3) Through separation from the world:- In verses -4,5, it is said that Abraham before he and Isaac went up to the mountain to worship God, he separated and left them. two of his servants.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 37,69,524 with 8,01,282 still infected, 29,019,09 recovered and 66,333 deaths. news from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
In the Under 14 category, Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School Mawlai played against Tlong Umiam Secondary School. Tlong Umïam Secondary School beat Tlong Umïam Secondary School 4-2 in a tie breaker.
Shillong, July 15: U Minister of Tribal Affairs, Tripura, Vikash Debbarma on Friday met with the Ministers of the State Government including the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, Minister of Revenue, U.S. Kyrmen Shylla and Social Welfare Minister Paul Lyngdoh to request them that the state government should provide land for the construction of the Tripura Bhavan and Hostel in Shillong.
Besides the students and teachers of the college, others who attended the ceremony included Dr. Jacqueline Thabah, Faculty Member of HEHU in charge of the Library, Rev. HL Marsing, President Rev. Precious Tmung, Vice Principal of the College and other dignitaries from Ri Bhoi.
On the other hand, the DC said that four government vehicles have been burnt down by the robbers.
The purpose of the race is to celebrate World Environment Day and Global Running Day.
The tournament will continue on the 17th where Seinbhalang Skhentalang will play against Jarain C&SC at 2:30 pm.
Kai Havertz and Robin Gosens scored two more goals in the second half to give Germany a four-goal lead.
In the first half, Rangdajied tried many times along with Robert but could not score.
He said that he had tried to move an adjournment motion on the Roster System, but the government had rejected it and he had also moved a resolution on the Reservation Policy. He said that it is now clear that these two things he said need to be looked at again.
Before he started with his friends to form this group, he said that some of his friends started with a writing on the places where people throw garbage along the 3 Mer road. he said they began to ban chess.
Umshangïar scored 156 runs for the loss of eight wickets in 20 overs.
Not only that, there are many other officers who have to look after Mawkyrwat or Southwest Khasi Hills District, such as PHE and others, but could not be reached when this reporter tried.
The Germans speak German.
However, after the birth of Jesus, everything was changed to the year of Jesus' birth and this year was called AD which means after the death of Jesus.
On the other hand, the Minister said that the state government is currently considering ways and means to improve and modernize the working methods of the MPSC in the state.
Dhoni married Sakshi Singh Rawat on 4th November
During the inspection, the HYC found that there are about 80-100 households living illegally in this area by building lyntang and plastic houses.
It is learned that there are about 9 foreigners who have come to work in Syndai village, but after they could not produce proper documents, the JSU has suspended them from working and sent them back to Syndai. that bag does not come.
The rise of the soul has been practiced for decades by the people who are still in the traditional religion to improve their fortune, health and prosperity in this country.
The Movement urges MEeCL to immediately repair these electric posts in Musniang Village as the residents of Musniang Village are in danger if these electric posts fail at this time. it shall not be stingy, for it is the time of rain.
On the other hand, after meeting with the union leaders, they found that the reason why the hospital has sent blood from abroad is because the Civil Hospital in Nongpoh has not been able to provide clean blood. The hospital wants to provide the best care to the patients and those in need of blood.
In the boys' category, North Garo Hills District won the title by winning 8 gold medals and 4 medals. Silver and 3 bronze medals while East Khasi Hills District came second with 6 gold medals and one silver and one bronze medal each.
In the men's category, Kyntiew Shaphrang Higher Secondary School, Laitlyngkot, Pomlum Higher Secondary School, Baniun won the women's category while St. Paul's Higher Secondary School, Laitlyngkot won the title. Marbisu in the junior category.
KSU Iooksi Unit under the leadership of Samla Sainia Sutnga, General Secretary Samla Sainia Sutnga in the presence of Head Teacher of KSU Iooksi Unit Bah D. Nongrum visited the school. They found that the school was filled with rainwater from the tins that had been burnt and which had been burnt.
According to the KSU leader, Lafarge has not followed the rules of appointing one person from each household in the village which has more than 200 households.
Cricket Smit's Elbrenroy Mawthoh was named Player of the Match.
It was observed that the market capitalization of the top 10 sugar producing companies (according to their production capacity) has increased more than double in the last four years.
When asked whether the Inner Line Permit (ILP) could be the answer, Sangma said the ILP is one of the ways but not the only way.
On this day, the Parishes of the District of Shillong have held this special service which is the day of mourning and the day of fasting.
Wahiajer will play against Pdieniawmusiang at 12 noon and Saitsama will play against Thadmynri at 2 pm.
Meghalaya is a state which includes the Khasi and Jaintia Autonomous Districts and the Garo Hills Autonomous Districts.
Bah Dominik and his group have been featured in many government holiday programs and religious holidays.
Thew is the power of Satan.
Shlurbha is filled with joy and praise Father Breson for encouraging him in whatever he does for the good.
There are also those who say that the purpose of burning and extinguishing fire is to quickly produce wood to feed animals such as cows and goats.
Jowai, Naiwieng 4: The Faith Academy Secondary School, Jowai today held a Cultural Day program on the theme “My Culture My Pride”. This program was held at the same school.
“We have PA Sangma who has also become Speaker of the Lok Sabha but he cannot contribute to the welfare of the state,” Faleiro told reporters after meeting with the leaders. party this Friday.
She was the winner out of 93 contestants and received a Master Certificate in Music.
The ethnic groups are very important in the governance of the country especially in areas like Meghalaya.
A source from the JHADC said that the dismissal of the FAO is against the Office Procedure.
To love God, we must first love our neighbor.
On the other hand, the JSM urged the police to investigate the robbers and punish them according to the rules of law.
The opening of liquor stores, grocery stores, tea shops and restaurants has allowed the coronavirus to spread rapidly in various states of the United States. They have been allowed to open since 12th July 2020 to immediately close down these shops.
Shillong, November 13: U Bah Dinner Syiemlieh, who was abducted from Nongjri last month, has been arrested by the South West Khasi Hills District Police.
Furthermore, this Policy is intended to be implemented at various levels across the country.
Noting that the teachers are now appointed by school managing committees (SMCs) and not by the government, Sangma said, “The appointment by the government will cause a lot of problems because they are not appointed by the government. .
The FKJGP said that the shopkeepers in Ladrymbai had tried to deceive the members of the FKJGP who had gone to inspect but with the help and support of the shopkeepers, they had found out the truth. They returned the money of the people who came to buy milk and promised to return the money if anyone comes to return the milk they bought.
He said that the government has allocated T.700 crore through the Health, PHE and other departments for the implementation of the project in the district. He expressed his satisfaction to see that this area has started to progress in all aspects through the schemes of various departments.
Replying to the statement by NPP spokesperson Bah HM Shangpliang that voting for the Congress is like sitting on a sinking ship, the Congress leader said, “Bah Shangpliang is what we call , in Jowai you eat from the same table, but after you have eaten, you eat from the same plate in Jowai.
We will also start a Tirot Singh Bhavan for the workers to get accommodation,” said Nadda.
The FAMASTA members denied reports that they had set a date to meet the Prime Minister to discuss the salary.
There will also be a sale of traditional food prepared by local groups.
Earlier, about a month ago, Erdogan turned a church into a mosque, the Hagia Sophia, recognized by UNESCO as a World Heritage Site.
He said that when you live in democracy you have to listen to the voice of the people and as of now, the people of Mawshynrut are with the HSPDP party. from the people who want him to fight for this party.
He said that most of the people who joined the party are from the Indian National Congress and the NPP. in the coming days.
Of the few Jews who returned to Jerusalem, many settled and started a new life in Bethlehem, Geba, Bethel, and Jericho.
But the eternal purpose of the Father (God) was to send His Son to die on the cross of Calvary.
Meghalaya tied first after winning the toss.
Therefore, the MDC and the village leaders have requested the government to bring these youths back to the state for a proper investigation and they do not want these youths to suffer in Assam.
“It is the wish of this Government to promise to the residents that we will not interfere with any working groups and their activities and we also promise to the people of Meghalaya that any mistakes we will make. “We as the Government have taken forward the work in accordance with the law and in accordance with the approval of the provisions of the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act 2014,” she added.
Roykupar said the HYC demands that the state government should reduce the tax on jhur and jhep or even abolish the tax on food items and to look after the color of the vegetables. jhur that comes from the state or enters the state.
The new cases include EGH: 32 (Others), EJH: 49 (Others), EKH: 375 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force-03, Others-372), NGH: 21 (Others), RBD : 194 (Others), SGH: 20 (Others), SWGH: 58 (Others), WGH: 90 (Others), WJH: 89 (Others) and WKH: 29 (Others) up to 755 people.
Shylla said that the road which is only 4 km long to reach the health center from the main road has been sanctioned and tenders have been called for the construction of the road especially when the color of heaven.
“I request that the investigation be completed as soon as possible to track down the people involved in the implementation of this dam, those who planned and worked on this dam and to bring them to justice and also to “I would like to condemn anyone who tries to stop this investigation,” said Agnes Kharshiing.
At the meeting, the group approved the suggestions of Bah John F Kharshiing, Co-Chairman, MSPB, who said that he will arrange for this issue in a meeting with the officials of the state labor department. Meghalaya to discuss and work together how the students of ITI / Polytechnic and others in Meghalaya can take advantage of this opportunity to come forward and work hard to achieve these jobs.
The team fought hard until the end of the first half before Chibasal Sangma scored the first goal in the 35+1 minute after turning the ball over.
John Leslee has lodged a complaint against Zenithsky, who is also the CEO of Tura Municipal, and the Privilege Committee, after investigation, has sent its report to the House to punish Zenithsky.
In the Rural Development Department, the Governor said that 5716 Natural Resource Management Committees have been set up to conserve natural resources such as water supply and forests.
KSU War Jaintia Circle President Lambokstarwell Marngar on Tuesday confirmed and swore in the new office bearers and members of the KSU War Jaintia Circle for the term 2024-27 at a meeting held at Eniowell Hall Amlarem.
Even in his busyness around the world, he was by the side of Meiieit Spelity as one of her children, to comfort and support this issue in her old age.
He said that regarding human trafficking cases, if the IO can prove in court, he can convict on that case although it is difficult because it is not easy to prove on these three parts. .
On the other hand, the CAG has advised the state government to take appropriate action to complete these projects as soon as possible to avoid the delay and price hike as well as the non-interruption of funds.
“We have set up a Sadar Police Station to look after other police stations,” he said.
The BJYM has demanded that the government should stop the increase in electricity bills which is a threat to the poor people, as well as to ensure that the electricity supply will be stopped.
And the sacrifice of Christ takes away sins.
Many of the crops that the government has introduced to improve the income of the state have introduced many crops that do not require pesticides and cannot be cultivated.
Khliehriat, July 9: The Deputy CEM of Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council, Bah Lasky Rymbai today inaugurated a tourist attraction with a view point. East Jaintia Hills District is rich not only in mineral resources, but also in beautiful greenery. lush forests, animals, water, valleys, strange rocks.
As part of this goal, he said the government has also built sports grounds in different parts of the state which has opened the door for sportsmen to develop.
Speaking at a meeting of the UDP Sohra circle held at Mawkdok, Bah Titos said that he is also concerned about the misleading of the people of Sohra in the past few days. attend the meetings of other political parties.
Koonar, who is the current MLA from Karanpur, was admitted to the Geriatric Medicine Ward of the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) in Delhi on 12th November.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that the MDA-II Government has tried to improve the tourism industry and this has helped to attract tourists from India and other countries of the world.
As a person who carries this burden in the work of God, my soul does not allow me to walk like that without recognizing you as a mother and brother and at the same time to listen to what voice you want to hear. “As the brother of Banisha and the one who takes care of the family, the bearer of the burden, I am very pleased that The Pastor took this opportunity to meet us.
So I am confident that about 17 to 18 Congress MLAs will win.
The goal of the Ryntih through the signing of this soskular is to be able to improve and on the part of Ranjit Bajaj, he promised that he himself will come to inspect and see. with their own eyes they did all the work.
On the starting day of 20.11.2023 there will be up to 6 matches.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 65 cases, while in West Jaintia Hills, there are 82 new cases.
Released by Sony imprint Epic in the spring of 2007 with the song “Colors 2007,” featuring Game and Rick Ross, Kingston was quick to move up in his career.
Teinwel said that according to the Council Act, there is no law that empowers the Chairman to oversee the work of the EC but it has been seen that the Chairman has been involved in the work of the EC. The state has not yet issued a notice to the CEM or the EC Members, but from the beginning they have allocated the funds and it is the Chairman who will allocate the funds of the Council.
He said that these gangs are frequent in the area and such incidents are not the first incident but most of the time people have been robbed of money after leaving the bank. The villagers have also informed the district authorities to increase security in the area where there are many banks to avoid such robberies.
It is said that the Thingyan Festival is a peaceful and orderly festival every year.
Brazil came in second with 10,32,913 cases and 49,976 deaths, Russia with 576,162 cases and India with 4.10 lakh.
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that in connection with the shortage of LPG, the meeting decided to transfer or relocate 3000 gas consumers from the Khasi Pnar Gas Agency as this Agency alone is too heavy. transportation and can no longer supply gas to all the people.
Although he lost Kishan before the end of the day, he continued to play against Tarique Siddique who lost by 21 runs.
“Many of the residents are illiterate and cannot read the writings of the Air Force and they can be shot if they pass through,” said Bah Malngiang.
It was here that Kiang's wife and children escaped.
Healthy food is essential for daily life and can lead to a healthy body.
However, although this religion is one of the traditional religions, it has been destroyed even in our own country, because there are some who have misunderstood and who have been biased and who have despised them in this state. .
The polling in Sohiong constituency has been postponed, but the polling will continue in 59 constituencies on the 27th of this month.
“Therefore, there is no reason to oppose because we have followed the rules,” he said, adding that the Speaker of the House has informed them that he has not provided it either through Artificial Intelligence (AI) or any other method. MLAs can listen to speeches in English if they speak other languages.
There will also be other competitions such as Quiz, Public Service Announcement, Slogan Writing and others on the 3rd June from 11 am at the Science Hall.
Police also arrested the driver, Moynul Hoque, from Rangaswari village in Kamrup district of Assam.
Khan's wife, Ayesha, 45, said she had agreed to cut off Khan's penis because of his sexual activities and helped achieve her goal. Nandini, 30, and her husband, Pawan Vishwakarma,
SHILLONG: U Governor of Meghalaya, Tathagata Roy on Tuesday handed over a check of T.3, 50,000/- to Elizabeth Mawkhlieng, Senior Youth Co-worker, SOS Children's Village, Umiam, Ri-Bhoi. years of age; Heimon U-ru Mukhim to take care of his illness.
They are the ones who are smuggled from India to Bangladesh.
Jehoshaphat did not bow down but praised God, saying, (2 Chronicles 20:6) O LORD God of our fathers, art not thou God in heaven? and art not thou ruler over all the kingdoms of the nations? and in thy hand is power and might, so that none is able to stand before thee.
The time has come for us to look at other nations which have progressed in all aspects and we can say that even if there are changes in all aspects but they have not forgotten their own culture and They are quick to become those young men who look after how to protect their nation.
Havergail Edwina Bareh said this in an interview with Rupang on Saturday.
The RJD chief came under scrutiny a day after his wife and former Bihar Chief Minister Rabri Devi was questioned at her Patna residence in connection with and the same thing happened for five hours.
The word Hynniewtrep Hynniewwasa has now become merely a name 'da rapjot' by using it only for personal gain in wealth, fame or glory.
However, what is more shocking is that as the number of vehicles increases, the roads remain the same.
When Jesus saw those soldiers who were torturing Him in ignorance, He said, “Father, forgive them, for they know not what they do” (Lk 23:34).
“If we look at today's era, many of them are stealing because of the drugs and therefore just to get money to buy drugs, the youth are not willing to do any kind of work.
“Who lives there? Is there any life in these heavenly bodies?” Such have been the questions for thousands of years when people have opened their eyes and looked at the stars in the bright sky.
Nangkiew Irat SC have escaped the title after scoring 10 goals in the first half which was also a mistake by a player of Mawlai SC. This is also the second time this season that Nangkiew Irat have lost. Mawlai SC have scored two goals to draw 2-2 against Mawlai SC in the OC Blue Shillong Premier League 2021-22 on Friday.
Shillong, Naitung 14: The Western Ri Bhoi Joint Action Committee (WRB-JAC) has given one day to the mobile companies including Reliance, Aircel and Cellular to provide networks. towers in Umrit, Patharkhmah, Warmawsaw and Jirang.
“They said that if the government sends them to wear uniforms, it will cause problems because most of them are only employees.
Expressing his dissatisfaction with the stinginess of the two states, Bah Lamarai said that the people of Block-II have two Electoral Voter Identification Cards (EPICs) one for Meghalaya and one for Assam.
Manipur Chief Minister N Biren Singh has said that the BJP will work with other parties that agree to be in the coalition government. The National People's Party (NPP) will be established.
When the court heard the case, the government had already said that the proposals along with the blueprint have been submitted to the HPC. The court has given them four months to respond and the hearing of the case will be held on 16th June
“It is only the selfishness of the leaders of the old government that has prevented them from touching on the issue of resolving the border between the two states,” he said.
The story of the umiam and the umkhen. How the Prime Minister Leh visited Shillong.
Speaking to reporters, Kropha said the government would set up an inquiry to find out the truth of the allegation and punish according to the law if it is true.
These include Kamwadamut SHG which received Rs.2 lakhs, Tur Shaphrang SHG which received Rs.1.5 lakhs, Stering Sungoh for the purchase of commercial vehicles and Samina Lapasam for Rs. business.
The responsibility of the Animal Husbandry & Veterinary Department is to ensure that the animal is alive to conduct an antimortem and a postmortem after slaughter. It is the responsibility of the Food Safety Department to look into the issue of the shops not selling the meat and at the same time it is up to the owners. shops to take care of it.
"In the Editorial of Nongsaiñhima Lber 11, 1978 it was written, “The struggle to encourage and encourage the state parties to unite to get a majority to form a government is very difficult and It will be held from the 4th of October until the 8th of this month.
Therefore, we urgently need to convene the Dorbar Hima Mylliem or a new arrangement for the appointment of the Legislative Assembly of the Hima Mylliem which will consist of 200 members (Rangbah Shnongs who will be members by election, Nongsynshar from 16 Raids). , and 20 leaders from the Shnong/Raid or Hima) to discuss many of these issues including the issue faced by the Seng Samla Mawlai Pyllun.
He said that while he was studying at St Paul's Seminary until he moved to Oriental Theological College, Shillong, he used to pray to Mary Magdalene to help him and to give him a sign that he was called. he was chosen to be a high priest and received what he asked for.
“These places which we call government places are not the property of the government and the government understands this,” said one of the experts. The government cannot sell and if it gives land to any government department or organization or group, it will give it away because it understands that it too will take it”.
The facts are also clear that yesterday, there was a public meeting and march in Maikhuli and the topic that was discussed was the Dohkha Pond which is maintained by the Village of Maikhuli. The residents and village leaders have been surprised how the Meghalaya government has allowed even the pond which has been maintained by the villages to go to Assam.
Ani, good luck.
Those who were nearby, managed to rescue Bah Rinaldo and Kong Tiewly Warjri, while Bahdeng was not seen where he had reached.
Some of the weight loss foods: Cruciferous vegetables : These vegetables belong to the family of broccoli, cauliflower, cucumber are among some of the foods that can lose weight and contain fibre.
The protest was launched by sleeping in the middle of the national highway in Khliehriat and on this day vehicles including heavy and small vehicles did not pass through this road from Khliehriat until The protest ended at 4 pm, vehicles had to turn back and pass through another road because the national highway was blocked by the protesters who cleaned the road with pigs. .
The reason for the protest is that the government has not been able to complete the talks with the central government or Amit Shah to sign the MRSSA ordinance and implement the MRSSA soon. Nongpoh, Jymmang 03: It has been almost two years since the SSA LP School in Khliehumwang village, has been destroyed by the Assam Police. The state government has not done anything for the school and this has caused a lot of trouble not only to the teachers, but especially to the students who attend the school.
The former General Secretary of the HNLC today accused the Congress of causing trouble in the eastern part of India and also in Kashmir. Warjri in the previous government, he had already talked to her, but it didn't come to fruition.
He said that besides the Syiem Police, there has also been a cooperation with the Government Police who come when there is any problem on the part of the Syiem Police and the Syiem Police hand over to the Government Police when they arrest anyone. snow in the market.
The JSU said that there are more than 8000 Meghalayan youths who intend to return home but the government has not yet released an estimate of the number of foreigners in Meghalaya.
The President of the HSPDP, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, has not received any information about the expulsion of Fenela.
Nongstoiñ, July 24: The Deputy Commissioner (Excise) of West Khasi Hills, on Tuesday said that according to the powers conferred on him under section 324-A of the ME Act, ) announced that on the 26th of this month, which is the day of Republic Day, it has been declared as a day of alcohol ban throughout the district.
A source close to Sheikh Jassim Bin Hamad Al Thani said the Qatari players are still waiting for clarification or permission from the London football club. Manchester United, after a report suggested that the bidders from that country could bid against their bid in the race to buy the club. appear in the world.
Shillong: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today promised to hold a meeting with the Adhoc teachers in November to discuss the problems faced by the Adhoc teachers. He was the chief guest at the All Adhoc School Teacher's Association at Malki Square.
The Minister said that all the works that have been allowed to work from 4th July 2020 must follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
After receiving the news, Rupang himself visited the village today to verify the incident.
However, the production of sohniamtra has been severely affected in recent years due to tram death and other diseases that have affected the tree.
The report said that the CAG has read the documents from the office of the EE, PHE, Electrical Division Mawphlang and found that for the six reservoirs, six contractors have been awarded to six contractors. November 2015 and has been given until July 2016 to complete.
Earlier, the price of dewbilat was 14 spah per tonne, but since the coal ban, it has been increased to T.7-8 spah per tonne. I don't want to earn money in this state.
The AJCA has also announced that the U-15 and U-19 tournaments will be held in June
You don't have to suda.
The NDA will get 305 MPs, the UPA 124 and the SP and BSP 26 MPs from Uttar Pradesh. .
When the struggle, through the lengbah, the lengsan was complete and clear, it was time to climb back to the hill of Mei Mawbuh, where the thanksgiving of Dem Blei was completed by a woman and a woman. one male brother who completed the work by Rgh Skor Jala and Rgh D.Syiem.
When asked whether only six out of seven NPP MLAs have left to support the BJP government in Manipur, the Chief Minister said that all the NPP MLAs have left to support the BJP government in Manipur.
However, at the same time, Bah Renikton did not want to tell anyone what the party intends to propose at the MDA meeting. which others may be surprised,” said Bah Samlin Malngiang.
The man, who police identified as Riyaz, suddenly got into the car with a gun on his shoulder.
"As part of the celebration of the 51st Anniversary of the State, the participants of this workshop visited Sohrarim Nook to celebrate Meghalaya Day on 21st July with the students from that school. .
On the morning of the 25th of the same month, they once again attacked the youths of the North East and threw stones at the train carrying the youths from Meghalaya and the youths of the North East. of India.
“The Supreme Court wants the High Court to hear this petition once again”.
The fugitive was identified as Ramesh Dkhar, of Tongseng, who was accused of killing two drivers, Damehipaia Papeng and Fullmoon Kharsahnoh in April. of this year.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Chief Minister, SK Sun, he said that the National Highway Indian Development Corporation Limited (NHIDCL) has already called a tender for the construction of the road. to prepare the Detail Project Report (DPR) in 2018, but surprisingly, it has not yet called for tender to start the work.
“I haven't had the opportunity to talk to the party but I feel it is the government's mistake to pass this bill,” he said.
This was announced by the Organizing Secretary of the KSU-Nongthymmai Circle, Richard Mawkhiew, while talking to reporters after a meeting with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Peter S Dkhar.
The Nongkrem MLA said that the VPP has also gone around the area to recruit members of the people, so that if it is necessary to hold mass protests, the party will need their cooperation. The protest will force the government to suspend the Roster System and change the Reservation Policy.
In the U-20 (Boys) category, Dasaman Kyndait, Donbok Shabong, Kyrshanlang Shylla, Nathaniel Lyngdoh Nonglait, Primus Ronghi, Pringchang N Sangma, Repol Dkhar, Shongdorlang Jyrwa, Skhemlang Suba, Gracewin Ch Marak, and Wolbertstar Ramsay.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, KSU Langkynma President Bah Ioanis Hashah said that the KSU has taken this decision after the promise of the Minister of PWD has not come true even after waiting. very slow.
Speaking to reporters, the two leaders of the PDF, Bah Syiem and Bah Sawkmie, said that the decision to sell the leadership should ensure that there will be no any win movement.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Dr Biliancy Lamare, founder and principal of the school, said that the purpose of the school is to help reduce the part-time dropout rate of the children.
Whether there is a candidate or not, I think there are always talented people in Meghalaya,” she said.
The reason why foreigners should not participate is because the GHADC was created specifically to protect the Garo people and their customs and traditions, said the GSU. to approve the Codification of Garo Customary Law.
Shillong, Lber 18: The State Government under the leadership of the Chief Minister Dr. Mukul Sangma today decided that the Governor should not appoint an Administrator in the KHADC. The Government wants the Lat to appoint an Administrator for six months in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of East. Khasi Hill and Sanjay Goyal will be the Administrator.
“A total of 11,488 new voters from 644 polling stations in the district have come to take oath on the polling day. The meeting was held in different parts of the district,” said Deputy Commissioner Sanjay Goyal.
“We had planned to install a skywalk at one of the places but we have been advised not to implement the work yet as it will increase the traffic jam while the work is in progress,” he said. Rangbah while speaking at the meeting held on Tuesday.
Shillong, July 23: Meghalaya today celebrated its traditional heritage at the One District One Product (ODOP) Sampark and honored the winners of the ODOP Sampark. was held in Mumbai.
Therefore, this question has been sent to the wrong department,” he said.
“We are also surprised that on the part of the Syiem Raid, Paiem Ken Syiem, he has admitted that the Nagrabill belongs to him, but according to the documents found by the union and according to the information, it falls under the The Lyngdoh of Sohiong said that this is also according to the documents available to the party.
At that time they tried hard to preserve the snap of human dignity and got the state of Rilum without bloodshed.
The National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is pleased to announce the opening ceremony of the exhibition specially designed with a focus on various sectors related to Indian industries.
I'm listening to the game.
Regarding the fact that the Khasi (especially those who are married) have been the ones who have protested against the Bill, they said that if it becomes law, it will immediately destroy and exterminate the Khasi people.
Worse still, reports have come from the District Council that the Executive Committee intends to pay only two months of salary as the first installment and the next two months will be paid in November.
Shano else you're right.
The PDF has also admitted that it has a person to propose to the Coordination Committee, but has not yet announced because it wants to bring it to the meeting, as stated by its leader, Bah Hamletson Dohling. .
The only thing that escaped from the hands of the soldiers was the book of testimony given by their God Allah.
Shillong, July 16: The State Government's plan to create all MDC constituencies, including MLA constituencies within the Khasi District Council, has been discussed at a meeting of political leaders. The Laitkroh MDC constituency led by Carmel Sohtun will be abolished and the Umsning MDC constituency will be created, which will be the new constituency in Ri Bhoi District.
In another innings, NGH, which took the lead to bat first, scored 66 runs for the loss of all wickets in 25.2 overs.
He said that there are other colleges in some districts which have implemented the NEP but why in Shillong are they still fighting, fighting and blaming each other.
Ramesh also urged the CBI to investigate whether the Home Minister was under pressure from his party, the BJP or other forces. and the allegation of corruption in Meghalaya, to enable the BJP to support the same Prime Minister after the elections.
Zverev now holds a 25-7 winning record at Roland Garros.
“Refusing to agree with those who claim that the ILP will be a stumbling block for tourists in Meghalaya, the Minister of Tourism said, 'To get a visa to travel to Israel will Israel has attracted more tourists than the ILP.
“They prevent me from speaking against them and exposing their works.
The PMTBMBA was inaugurated on 9.9.2022 in Delhi. All citizens of the country can participate in the program by donating money or food items to those who have lost their lives. TB disease in the country.
Although it was the first time for the young players of the State to play in such a tournament, the young players played well and showed the world a beautiful performance in this tournament.
In the morning, the sound of the ryngkuh was heard.
After receiving the letter, the Acting Syiem went to the house of the suspended Syiem to ask for the keys but the Acting Syiem did not come back for a long time.
He said that although the state has faced many challenges, it is the government's efforts to implement the aspirations of the people for the future.
“We have set a target that we will be able to commission all three units within a month,” he added.
Understand, O son of man, for that prophecy is for the end time (Daniel 8:3-17). The Bible also says that he will make all the small and the great and the rich And he shall cause the poor, the free, and the bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads; and that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name (Rev. 13:16-17).
If the Church walks by human feelings and to please only man, it is wrong, because this is not the work of man but the work of God. you want to be a man.
How can you learn if you don't have enough teachers?
Meanwhile, the SP of West Garo Hills, Dr. MGR Kumar, said that the police have handed over the case to the Cyber ​​Brime Department to investigate the source of the incident.
In Brazil, there were 15,305 new cases and 824 deaths on Tuesday.
Other issues that the party has expressed its readiness to implement if it comes to power is that the MMDR Act should be able to cover even the small traders and to run. together with the protection of the environment.
On the other hand, the Garo Student Union (GSU) congratulates all the students of the state especially the students of Garo Hills who have passed well in the HSSLC and SSLC examinations from the recently released results.
As it is appointed to be born once, so it is appointed to die only once, as Ecclesiastes 3:1-3 says, “For everything there is a time, a time to be born, and a time to die”.
According to police sources, there were signs of injury to the woman who had been stabbed with a cloth on her throat and a tyllai on her neck.
Speaking to reporters, HYC West Khasi Hills President Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh said that the HYC West Khasi Hills has no objection to the police. The police should not set fire to the party.
He expressed his regret that these shops have not renewed their documents for many years and the SMB should conduct inspections from time to time.
In other matches, Rangdajied United beat Youth Club Pdengkarong 3-2 in Group B while Langsning beat Jyntru 4-0 in Group A. Shillong Lajong's three-time winning streak has ended with a three-liner victory but the absence of a defeat has opened the way for them to reach the semi-finals. Babysunday Marngar's red card, which was also given before the opening ceremony, will be a big loss as he will not be able to join the club in the upcoming match.
Mizoram chose to bat first after winning the toss.
“In the case of the mid-term elections in Garo Hills, the feeling of compassion does not work”.
Shillong Lajong FC suffered their first defeat in the final of the Second Division League after beating Ambernath United 5-1 on Tuesday in Mumbai.
Many speeches were also received from many people from other states like Tripura, Manipur, Arunachal and Assam etc in which they expressed their concern about the extinction of their people in their own areas and the violence against them. Draconian Laws implemented by the Government of India in these areas such as AFSPA and others.
The Congress today decided to raise in the House the issue of the Assam government's introduction of laws to try to restrict the way of life of the people in Meghalaya. .
I don't understand anymore.
The Assam Police, who had temporarily stayed in the village, had given them clothes to leave the village. MDC, Police and Magistrate, who had talks with Police Chiefs from Assam.
Sharing the photos on Twitter, Conrad announced, “We have launched a project to promote rafting in the State today at Umtham, Ri-Bhoi”.
Kumar said that Mawmluh and the Sohra area should continue to strive to promote tourism, as it is a prominent village in India and the world.
This was the decision of the GST Council, which met today.
“This is not the time to stop your prayers just because the doctors say.
Shillong: U Pynshngaiñ Syiem, MDC from Pynthor Umkhrah Constituency, on Tuesday said that the Parliamentary Leader of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Lamphrang Blah, has not yet informed him. He did not respond to the statement that he should leave the Congress party.
This statement by the Excise has angered the people and raised the voice of the people why to investigate only 98 persons should investigate all so that the investigation will be transparent and fair. , but the Excise Department officials immediately refused.
"“We expect to play well in this tournament because these players have won the National Mauythai Championship which was held in Madhya Pradesh last year and that is why they have won the National Mauythai Championship. selected to represent India in the tournament,” he added.
He said that dozens of people have come to buy land in the area, but the surprising thing is that they have not been able to settle down.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Shephard expressed his gratitude to the Upper Shillong Sports Social & Cultural Association for hosting this tournament in Nongumlong. playing.
He is currently living in the United States of America.
“The talks with me have made it seem that they have lost their will to join the BJP, but as it is not the right talk, I don't want to accept,” he said.
The poor man can no longer buy these fish.
There is a saying, 'Be the change you want to see', or be the change you want to see.
Members of the KSU from all over the Khasi Jaintia Hills and other organizations like LYWA, came to take part in this day by holding a march from Urkaliar Square to the office. you are AMD in Nongmensong.
In this regard, the media cannot say anything regarding this video.
Yumlam Lali scored a hat-trick and was awarded the Player of the Match award.
The Cabinet also decided to appoint Colonel MM Singh to the Sainik Board in Tura.
The EJNC, without regard to regional differences, religious differences, Lama differences, invites you all our fellow citizens, friends of various political parties, government officials, MLAs/MDCs, Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills They all took part in the organization.
Other speakers at the meeting included MNREDA Chairman Rupert Momin and Secretary Joram Beda.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Jaintia Students Union (JSU) has expressed its concern over the difficulties faced by the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt.
Why is there so little financial assistance to improve the beauty of the famous markets like Pynursla, Laitlyngkot, Smit, Mawkyrwat, Sohra, Mawsynram, Langstieh and other supporting markets? You are the Khasi people.
Wasa is currently in the top position with 15 points, followed by Ladthadlaboh with
The MDC said that the NPP-led EC does not have clarity when calling tenders for any development works and has done so without the knowledge of the MDCs in the opposition. They said that the tender was called urgently without giving time to the contractors because they wanted to carry out the work only by the contractors who are nearby.
The NDRF team is still searching for the missing persons and it is understood that the death toll will continue to rise.
Upon reaching the main gate at his residence in Polo, when he tried to enter by car, the journalist's car was blocked from entering the prime minister's compound.
But God did not say so.
Dayoohimi Laloo scored in the 22nd minute and Saiwotibor Suwer in the 59th minute.
President Seiñraij Jowai OH Toi was the chief guest in the presence of EMH Passah, Vice-President Seiñraij, other elders, women, youth from different villages.
The 5-Sutnga-Saipung Block National People's Party (NPP) has welcomed the new members of the party including former Congress MDC Moya Darnei. UDP President Kungliana Darnei, UDP Vice President Thianga Nampui, UDP General Secretary Sangpuia Nampui, Asst. UDP Secretary Lalrama Nampui and seven advisers, Zosiama Thianglai, Neichonga Nampui, HW Fowler Darnei, Lalchonga Nampui, Lalremzoma Nampui and Ngailiana Thiate.
The All India Chess Tournament 2023 organized by the All India Chess Control Board (ABC) came to an end on Tuesday at Pinewood, Shillong.
It is until yesterday that the residents and Rangbah Shnongs of nine villages have found that the people who are clearing the ground in the area have not listened to the protests of the residents. The underground project was carried out by Bah Macdonal Lyngdoh, Secretary of Rambrai Hima and with the permission of the Syiem of Rambrai Hima.
Shillong, Lber 15: 16 persons including 4 women have entered the Pubon Crematorium at Mawmluh to clean up the garbage.
It is worth mentioning that at the time of the meeting , even the CEM was not in his seat , and he went outside but after a while he did not come back I came to sit in my seat but I saw that I was behind Bah Adilbert with a smile.
In his speech, the National Vice President of the AICU, Lansey D'Cunha spoke on the work of the AICU to protect the rights of the Catholic Christians of India.
The purpose of this dance and song competition is to promote the talents of the youth of Jaintia Hills.
In her speech, the Chief Guest said that people should constantly renew their minds and not stop there.
They said that the FKJGP, after talking to the residents, Rangbah Shnong and Secretary of the Hima, has expressed that as a party, it will stand and join hands in fighting in this struggle and also to protect the and the border of the kingdom shall be.
The driver of the vehicle was identified as Bah Finance Chester Pariong and was driving a commercial vehicle number ML-05-U-2 As soon as the girl got up, she took her to the wrong place, by walking on the road from Mawmaram to Lad Umsaw.
Reid Provincial Chest Hospital, East Khasi Hills District has also won the Ayushman Bharat Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana Quality Certification Hospital.
These rallies are members led by the KMSS and 70 other political parties in Assam.
Dr P Shylla, In charge of Blood Bank, Jowai Civil Hospital, explained about the blood donation and at the same time urged the residents to follow the example of the Dorbar Chnong Chilliangraij.
“He lives like a Bollywood star and he enjoys that life,” she said.
A Khasi youth from Mawlai has confessed that he has already stolen the mobile phone of his mother because of his drug addiction.
"“We too must live according to the day of the Lord.
The MPFPO, an association of rice farmers, jhur farmers and farmers in Myntdu on the 27th of this month distributed rice seeds called CAU R-1
Marbaniang said that at that time, BB Lyngdoh had sent for an inspection of the land for the Civil Sub Division, but he had not yet received the Civil Sub Division.
The Coordinator of the Short Term Course, Dr. Dinesh Bhatia, said that the training will help in the development of knowledge and skills.
As a suggestion, the union said that it would be better to drive away those empty trucks from the Ladrymbai Bypass in the morning, so that the traffic jam in Ladrymbai can be controlled. and in Khliehriat, due to the frequent traffic jams, it affects the commuters, school children, fire trucks and ambulances.
“We don't want to celebrate the 10th anniversary but we want to look back on what we have done,” he said.
What is the purpose of allocating tens of acres of land in the European Ward of Shillong to the Harijans and to build more than 300 houses for them?
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Ïawmusiang also urges the various political parties in Jaintia Hills to cooperate with the Dorbar Shnong in any matters related to the Dorbar Shnong such as shops, markets and households within the boundary of the country to avoid any misunderstandings on both sides.
At present, about 65% of the work has been completed.
JAC leaders Bin Raliang Chairman JAC and President FKJGP Nartiang Area Unit, Chalbestar Myria Secretary JAC, Education Secretary MPUF Central Body, Andy Sumer General Secretary JSU Nartiang Circle, Rimioo Nongtdu President JPWO said: The Tourism Department of the State Government on 19th October 2020 has called a tender for the construction of various construction works to improve the temple, mawbynna, lighting and others for the benefit of pilgrims from all over the country. which has reached more than T.5 crore.
The Prime Minister said he is confident that the achievements of the Chandrayaan Maha Abhiyan will take India's journey beyond the moon.
The UDP, HSPDP and KHNAM have resigned from the PDF. The UDP has 4 MDCs, KHNAM 1 and HSPDP 2 MDCs. now 7 people.
According to an RTI reply sent by the Head, PMS Group who is also the Public Information Officer (Tech Matters) of AMD to Bah Disparsing Rani, the office of the Atomic Mineral Directorate, Hyderabad, said: That the mining and mining of uranium samples in Domiasiat, Wahkyn-Wahkut, Gomaghat-Phlangdiloin, Tyrnai and Umthongkut, Lostoin has started from 1955-1956 until 2018 but since November, AMD has not continued to survey and mine uranium samples in Meghalaya.
Shillong: The State Government has directed the 21 members of the Task Force to finalize the Education Policy within 45 days.
In the GS Circle, the villages are Iewmawiong, Laitkynsew, Laitmawroh, Nongthymmai, Ramkheng and Umthli.
They also seized 837 rounds of ammunition, 78 rounds of ammunition, 2 hand grenades and others.
In addition, through Notice No.200/2023 published on the Official Website of AIIMS New Delhi, it is clear that the time is short to send applications as the students of the state are still learning about the this is the light.
Those who have worked later, let them work for 60 years, while those who have not worked for 29 years.
He said that there are some Rangbah Shnongs who intimidate the people to attend the meeting where some say “Look if you go there if anything happens to you, we will not be responsible”. Rangbah Shnong be afraid, if you are afraid, it is useless to lead the people down from your seat,” said Bah Ardent. who have deceived the people by lying and watching the people on the 30th at Polo Ground”.
Raising a supplementary question in the House, Dr Celestine said that the reason why they asked this question is because when they went to Meghalaya House, they were informed that the room was occupied. for the retired Judges.
As the condition of these two players has been known for the past few days, MI and DC have taken their time for the counting. The names of the new players have been announced on the opening day of this year's tournament.
The President of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Ri War Mihngi Circle, Bah Evanfield Khonglam, in a statement on July 17, strongly condemned the working methods of the FKJGP.
Members of Mawryngkang, near Wahkdait village under Pynursla, have forced Bah Noping Khongsit, who has been accused of witchcraft, to eat eit as punishment.
“We must remember that we are sons of men and as we hold the sword in our hands, we will not allow any insult to the country and the nation,” he said. talk to the media.
Dr Mukul Sangma's remarks came after allegations that many villagers have been excluded as foreigners in the implementation of the NRC in Assam.
“On his coming to contest the election, he said that he sees the difficulties in getting leaders and the State is in crisis because of the lack of leaders.
You can also include walnuts or soybeans in your diet to increase the taste.
The Community Health Center (CHC), Pynursla, has confirmed five cases of covid-19 at the Community Health Center (CHC), Pynursla. from 1st to 4th March
After the jam, before lunch, Lanosha left her house to go to Kongthei's house with some food to eat with her.
He said that the MPF government failed in 2009 because they opposed the scheme.
The monument to the Presbyterian Nongsawlia Cemetery was also inaugurated by the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Paiem Freeman Syiem.
President Murmu's visit will be a memorable one for the head of state of India and also for the participants of the 5Meghalaya Games in Tura.
The Sixth Scheduled members would have been happier and happier if they had seen the arrival of Meghalaya.
He said that the government has been preaching to the people to preserve the environment but has not done anything on their demand to use gas when cooking for the school children.
The Shillong Press Club and a group of journalists from Ribhoi District have expressed their deep sorrow on receiving the news of the passing away of Bah Ronaldstone Syiem.
The total number of voters, male, female and third gender, is 22,17,1
I don't have any words to say, I would like to thank you very much RMK Sohra.
The striker has been able to showcase his skills in the 2021-22 season as he scored 44 goals in all competitions to help Real Madrid win their 14th title in Europe and also in LaLiga.
UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, UDP General Secretary Jemino Mawthoh, said that not only the people but also political leaders have come to support him. , Nongthymmai MDC Bah Latiplang Kharkongor, groups of commercial vehicle drivers, Sengbhalang leaders and others.
It is necessary to consider according to the nature of mankind that the foreign languages ​​should be translated into their own language, without the tendency to spread without foundation.
These two types of kynphad are therefore used for making thicker clothes.
The Chief Minister said the government has decided to cancel all government programs and festivals as a sign of respect for the residents of Mukroh.
“After they came to power in 2018, they abolished this scheme, while the money remains and the people can no longer benefit from this scheme, but when we When I come back to power in 2023, I will ensure that the assistance reaches the people”.
Assam Police Spokesperson Prasanta Bhuyan said the five robbers were arrested after the state police conducted heavy raids at night. of last Tuesday, after receiving detailed information from Indian intelligence agencies as well as from other agencies.
Shillong, Nailur 5 : U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Tuesday slammed the BJP for leaving the Meghalaya government. Democratic Alliance (MDA).
Another news we have read is that the Christian School has been sued in court for violating the rights of a teacher who is born into the Catholic Church.
They conducted a search in the presence of independent witnesses in which they recovered two boxes of soap from Manoj's pocket and recovered stem powder weighing 21 grams.
Replying to a question by Congress MLA from Mawlai, Bah PT Sawkmie, Minister of Urban Affairs, Bah Hamlet Dohling said that the government is surprised how the money goes straight to the DC's office without walk in the ways that you should not walk.
And Mizoram fought and Meghalaya drank happily and had fun.
As a sign of encouragement to the student for his success in the SSLC examination, the MLA also presented a cash prize and promised to buy a laptop for him. encourage others to work hard and do well in their studies.
Jowai, July 12: U Justine Dkhar, Parliamentary Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya, today inaugurated the Tia Chaphrang Higher Secondary School, Sohkymphor in the presence of the elders of Sohkymphor. children among others.
When I saw on facebook that someone wrote that the ration has been distributed I was happy but when I phoned them again on 31.03.20 they said that they have not received the ration and the ration they ate. Now it is time to send purchases from Shillong in commercial vehicles on
At least 17 people have been injured in a collision between two trains in northern Italy on Sunday night. big.
They are what we should seek or strive for more than precious treasures.
“I told the Prime Minister to pay a lot to NEEPCO when he called me to lift the power supply to MeCEL,” Pankaj said.
Hundreds of Khanduli residents tried to go to the scene to investigate, but the DC, SP and police prevented any incident.
The FKJGP leader said that the group will take steps to review the protest programs in the future to surprise the State Government and the Central Government as well. In the coming months, together with the civil society groups from Garo Hills who have been working together from time to time, the protests will continue throughout the state.
However, please know that any Bill passed by Parliament applies to the whole country, therefore, we urge the people of the region to be vigilant to avoid any influence. especially in the Congress party which often creates misunderstandings among the people of the country just for the sake of BOR and personal gain.
So we should understand that in other countries there is no Aadhaar.
He said that not only these, there should also be a proper management of the market and most importantly the management of it.
So far, 95 percent of the votes in the country have been counted.
Religion teaches man, who was created by God in His image, to be perfect in his life.
The desire for righteousness and truth, for the spirit of friendship and love.
After the seizure, police have arrested a man identified as Sahidul Islam.
On the other hand, the KHADC, which is in the midst of turmoil, was led by its Chairman, Bah PN Syiem, who also took part in the discussions.
Evangel Lartang, who works as a pharmacist and mother of a 2 year old daughter, won the title of Mrs Northeast India
The relocation of the residents of Them Metor has been pending for decades and the State Government has taken measures to relocate them since 2018 which is still ongoing.
“It is added that the Meghalaya Steering Committee (Minor Mineral) Mining Lease Holder has gone to speak with concern, has also gone to complain and advocate for this issue and said that the government has The Meghalaya High Court has decided to appeal against the order and has filed a complaint. a Supreme Court.
When asked whether the youths who returned from Manipur have returned or are still in Meghalaya, Conrad said some have returned a little and some have not yet returned to Manipur.
Two members of the same family have been killed in this incident. .
“As you are requested to take punitive measures against Bah Ardent who is involved in this fraud he will not be able to walk freely after committing this fraud against the Council and the people. ," said Bah Sumer in the complaint.
Nongpoh: The driver of a Mahindra Pick-up, has been seriously injured in an accident on the NH-6 in Umdihar, yesterday. behind a truck parked on the side of the road in Umdihar.
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that through the registration of land dealers in these two committees, the government has set up to provide land for the These are the market vendors because the government will not give them any more space to sit along the road.
“The Fisheries Department has rethought how to produce more fish in the state to meet the demand of the people.
Aurangabad: A farmer from Vadmauli village in Kej taluka has written a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Beed, expressing his desire to become the interim chief minister of Maharashtra.
Therefore, the four organizations demanded that if the law enforcement authorities do not take action on this issue, they will not hesitate to think and take other measures.
Selamat Omar, father of a 29-year-old engineer who was on board the plane, said the news has shocked the family. "It's a fate," Selamat told reporters in Kuala Lumpur.
The aim of the party to continue holding rallies against the CAA 2019 is to raise awareness among the public on the Act to attract foreigners into Meghalaya and other states of India.
Planets are celestial bodies that do not have light of their own, but from the light of the Sun that they orbit.
In India, the number of cases of Covid-19 has risen to 1,82,143 with 8,380 new cases in the past 24 hours. The death toll has risen to 5,164 with 193 deaths in the past 24 hours.
The incident happened at 3 pm while the parents were working at their jobs and at the time of the fire there was no one in the house and three children were left behind. They were playing with their children near the house and the cause of the fire is unknown.
He also convened a meeting of all political parties, District Council authorities, Hima authorities and Sengbhalang to explain the boundary arrangement.
Shortly after, the neighbors arrived but the fire spread quickly and burnt down the entire house until the arrival of assistance from the fire brigade. In this incident, it is estimated that it has reached about 2 lakh.
This is due to the circadian rhythms.
“I accept the defeat, the decision of the people.
It is different from other books.
At the recent meeting, the BJP Mandal was formed and elected office bearers including Sen Thabah as president, Steborsing Kharsati as vice president and many other office bearers. of the organization.
Due to the death of Bah HDR as the UDP candidate, the polling in Sohiong constituency has been postponed, but the polling in 59 constituencies will continue on the 27th of June.
Bah Paul said the special session of the House is necessary to allow the members of the House to discuss and debate on these two important issues affecting the state.
Shillong, Jymmang 06: The Voice of the People Party (VPP) candidate from Pynthorumkhrah, Bah Mayborn Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the sudden appearance of photographs on social media showing that he has joined the BJP is a mistake. He said that this action of the people he knows well shows their frustration because they have understood that they can no longer fight against the voice of the people by turning to give support to the VPP to support him as the party's candidate.
“We will stand firm to demand a review of the Reservation Policy.
This process is called hybridization.
You price pat how.
A team of the Indian Navy, using a remotely operated underwater vehicle, has recovered one of the bodies, but it has been difficult for the family members to identify it.
Therefore, the fight against drugs is the fight of all and not just of one state,” he said.
They shall not despise anyone, they shall not take advantage of anyone, they shall not kill anyone.
In one incident, civilians were seen crying while removing bodies from a truck at a mass grave in Bucha, near Kyiv.
In Tripura, 223 new cases have been confirmed, bringing the total number of cases to 2,8
She also spoke on the necessary relationship between the entrepreneur and employment.
Nongstoin, Nailur 25: Despite the departure of 4,000 supporters including leading leaders of the HSPDP Mairang Constituency, in the past few months, There have been allegations that the party's president, Aredent Miller Basaiawmoit, has used the power of the party, but as it is now, the party has started to recover even in the hope of winning the mid-term elections. The HSPDP, Mairang Area Unit, held a meeting on Saturday last month to decide and announce the candidate for the KHADC. The mid-term elections for the KHADC will be held on 13th November.
He congratulated the Waheh Shnongs and Volunteers of these villages who have cooperated with the association.
He also encouraged all those who attended the meeting because without them they would not be able to carry out many tasks and it would be like 'a ship without a rudder'
“In November, 2021, the KHADC had written to the state government through the District Council Affairs regarding this fund but it has not yet been issued,” said the EM. Detailed information on the outstanding amount to be paid by the State Government, related to Tied and Untied Grants under the Health Sector and Rural Local Bodies.
Bah Shangpliang said that the information was issued without any discussion before being approved.
Referring to the Higher Secondary Schools in Ribhoi District, there are two schools, Patharkhmah Govt High School and Jirang High School. out of 24 posts of teachers, 12 are vacant and there is no Principal.
“On my part, I call for the cooperation of the Village Authorities and the people in this regard so that it will be for the benefit of the people,” said Prestone.
“When I left home to come to the assembly, it took me about an hour, because of the traffic jam, and the traffic jam has also affected the students who have to sit in traffic for hours in “The government needs to expedite the construction of the Western Bypass,” said Bah Ronnie.
The fourth was the youngest and prettiest of them all.
In addition, T.2.5 crore was reportedly sent to an account in India through NPCI and VISA. T.13.92 crore was deposited into the account of ALM Trading Limited at Hang Seng Bank in Hong Kong.
Of these, 12 cases include one high risk contact, one ILI case, 3 cases from Laban, 3 cases from Nongmensong and 4 cases from Nongthymmai.
The wilderness is the place where Jesus struggled to find truth and righteousness, then to experience a free and full life, to find light and understanding.
The six fell into a 150-foot-long embankment and their bodies were recovered the following morning.
“I wonder what drives them to go and ask for votes from other communities when their own constitution states that they are for those natives.
He gathered the trees together and gave them to one of them to cut down, but none of them could.
On the part of the Waheh Chnong Mowkyndeng, he expressed his gratitude to these four youths for their courage and wished them a speedy recovery.
Shillong, July 11: U Congress MDC and former Mylliem MLA Ronnie V. Lyngdoh has strongly criticized the decision of former Mylliem MLA Hamletson Dohling to join the NPP. He said that his joining the NPP is due to his lack of money and leaving behind the needs of the people of the constituency.
Then it can be said that the Hima Nongstoiñ also; It is clear that under the reign of Syiem Sibsing, the Hima Nongstoiñ did not agree and was the last to sign the Instrument of Accession. The youngest king of the Hima, King Wickliffe, stood against it to the end.
Rajya Sabha MP Dr. Wanweiroy Kharlukhi was the chief guest in the presence of Sein Raij President Hercules Toi, Jowai District Dolloi Puramon Kynjing and others.
If this continues, even the Khasi youth in the next few years will not be able to escape from this shangkhawiah which has already affected their livelihood and travel.
Speaking on the occasion, Conrad K. Sangma recalled the visions of his father, Purno A. Sangma who had a close relationship with the residents of Rongjeng.
Shillong: Laitsohphie beat Sankhat 2-0 in the 20th Riwar Cup Invitation Football Tournament organized by Bakur Social Welfare Sport Club at Bakur Stadium.
All Fair Price Shop Dealers have been directed not to use e-POS machines.
Phramer Cricket Club beat Cultural Youth Club Mookaiaw by one wicket in the District Cricket League 2024 tournament organized by West Jaintia Hills District Cricket Club on Tuesday.
Here it is clear that evil and disease can be removed by doing righteous deeds (Karma) in the fear of the Almighty.
According to the bank, it is suspected that more than T.30 lakh has been stolen.
These youths were honored by the Minister of IT, Bah AL Hek in the presence of Chief Secretary, Bah P Barkos O Warjri, Commissioner & Secretary of IT, Bah Donald P Wahlang and other government officials.
Foreign parties have been watching us in Meghalaya and trying to create many ways and means to destroy the homes of the national parties.
Babu Singh is a resource person at the National Children's Science Congress and is involved in the promotion of science among children.
Through the dorbar, important matters affecting the children of the thousand shall be discussed; He said that this is the first time that he has been elected as the Dolloi of Darrang Elaka.
He said that only two months have passed since the shooting death of Bah Cherish but the investigation has not been completed and the report has been submitted to the government while the government has not yet made it public. to make public before the anniversary of the death of Bah Cherish from the shooting incident at his home in Mawlai Kyntonmassar.
He directed the residents to stay at home and not to go out to the market or public places and if anyone is found violating the law they will be punished according to the law.
At this Sukra dance competition at Tuber Kmaishnong, there was also a traditional dance known as the Shad Kyle Pliang and the Shad Kyleiñ Kti by the children of the Seiñ Raij Shnong Tuber. The people from near and far and the children of the Seiñ Raij Shnong Tuber.
On the other hand, the Mawroh Presbyterian Church, which came through Tbn FM Marngar, explained that “The Mawroh Presbyterian Church, in compliance with the guidelines of the Khasi Jaintia Presbyterian Assembly, does not ban anyone. He said that the members of the Bslang can print or not print Adhar and it is up to them.
He said that if they want to bring about change, they should allow the BJP to rule in the state.
The party has decided to hold another meeting in the coming days to draft a constitution and to elect more members to work for the welfare of the community to achieve the development. global.
Arpit Upadhyay, IAS Additional District Magistrate (I/C) has been transferred and appointed as Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District, Nongpoh.
Conrad said the lack of management of the government has caused a loss to the state where according to the CAG Report, the state has lost T.850 crore in the year 2015-2 The Ministry of Mining, Transport and Excise has lost T.700 crore in 2013-2014 from these same departments.
The village does not have a Dorbar Hall because it has not been built.
Sherlyn Chopra, has made news again in recent days and this time, she has said that she wants to marry Rahul Gandhi.
New Delhi: The Rajya Sabha today passed the Triple Talaq Act to abolish the Triple Talaq Bill. female.
Pynursla has set an IMD record.
Speaking to Mawphor, u Bah Paul said, “Not only is it not allowed to give land but even the Land Transfer Act does not allow us to give land to other ethnic groups.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
Nongpoh, Nailur 27: The Deputy Commissioner of Ri-Bhoi District has announced that the Umling-Patharkhmah road will be temporarily closed from the 26th of this month from 8 am to 6 pm daily. Any emergency vehicles such as ambulances, doctors and health workers can inform the police.
The Election Commission of India (ECI) has decided to rethink the rules for becoming an MLA/MDC. India should also conduct the same types of competitive examinations and interviews as for applicants for UPSC, MPSC or DSC. UPSC for IAS or MPSC for the post of MCS can apply for the post of MP/MLA/MDC. MDCs must not have completed Class XII or Degree.
On the day of his arrival, tens of thousands of people were waiting for him.
“Therefore, it is up to all the people from the Hima/Elaka, all the Seng Bhalang to unite and work together for this cause.
All the vendors from wholesalers to retailers have expressed that they have run out of stock after the lockdown because they have the opportunity to transport goods and have requested the district administration to allow them to transport amr from Shillong and other places in East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong, Lber 20: Reports have spread on Facebook that the uranium mining in Nongjri village, South West Khasi Hills is ongoing. -wari Ltd has collected and stored uranium ore in plastic bags.
Shillong, Nailar 22: The Synrai Session of the State Legislative Assembly will start on 9th November
In the letter, dated October 8, 2023, the teachers have made it clear that if they do not receive the high salary, they will not go to their jobs.
Now we turn to HM Shangpliang to do something / or implement in the improvement of this road if the HM is the same as others, many people will not contest election from Mawsynram, if the HM Fail others who will come later will never be able to.
One of them, Pawan, gave his opinion.
Shillong, Nailur : Sacred Heart Boys Higher Secondary School, Mawlai Phudmuri has won the Inter School Singing Competition organized by Christ Church Morning School, Mawlai Phudmuri. 25th anniversary of this step school.
“We are against forcing anyone to speak Hindi, but we want to speak the language we understand,” he said.
The Milk Mission was funded by the National Cooperative Development Society at a cost of T.215.48 crore and has made it the largest milk mission in the North East which will benefit 2000 people. 10,000 households and loan letters totaling T.12.20 crore distributed to 40 co-operative societies in the state.
“At the same time, he reminded that the people voted for MDA-II because the previous government was MDA-I and the result shows that the people were for MDA-II. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has announced that the polling date for the Sohiong Constituency in East Khasi Hills will be on the 10th of June. results will be announced on January 13th.
Under this Act, Hindus are allowed to change the names of their land and households through the Hindu Adoption Law even if they are not related to the family.
One day after the murder of a man in Smit, the village of Smit held a round meeting in which men and women came to take part. Lambha Nongrum, who was called 'Pasan-Pasan', was arrested on the basis of the confession of Lambha Nongrum, who was called 'Pasan-Pasan' when asked about the reason for his lyngkhuit throwing into the water. The crowd turned to the house where those men were and took their lives (two men were killed).
“We know your history, minister, that you are riewkai, but help education in the state,” he said.
Furthermore, Bah Mawlong said that it has been found that the revenue collection under the team shooting has decreased significantly while in the shooting shops run by foreign bookies they earn hundreds of rupees. thousand dollars.
Shillong, July 25 : The United Democratic Party (UDP) Mawlai on Tuesday launched its election campaign by marching through a rally on foot from Mawlai Nongpdeng to Mawlai Mawroh.
The Jews wanted to get the Temple, but God didn't allow them.
“The Cabinet will consider whether this project can be proceeded with.
The Dorbar Shnong Ladthadlaboh has distributed foodgrains to 225 households on Tuesday.
The RJs who will host the program of 91.1 FM Mirchi are RJ Gordon, RJ Marisa and RJ Nicky J (popularly known as Manik).
At the time of writing, no complaint has been lodged in connection with the accident.
We see the abundance of plastic in the mountains, rivers, streams and rivers, the seas and on the streets of our villages.
Nongstoiñ: The Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of the State Government, Dr. Donkupar Roy, on Tuesday said that the inability of the Seng Riewlum to hold power is due to the division and division of the party. They have also lost elections and won others.
The award to the students who scored the highest marks in the Khasi subject at the Matriculation Examination (MBOSE) from 1984 to
It is said that in the midst of his struggle with the disease, he was encouraged when he received a letter of love from his wife, Carrie Symonds, in which she also send along a scanning image, showing the baby in her womb.
He explained how these Gorkhas in India took part in the freedom struggle against the British troops in which they gave their lives for the independence of the country.
He hopes to turn these two villages into landfill free villages.
The suspect called the landline number and now there is no verification of the number used by the suspect.
Thus, since 1948 AD until now, Israel has been independent for about 72 years.
“Therefore, the state government is requested to discuss the issue of the increase in revenues with the Central Government on the increase in fuel prices with the relevant authorities to insist on them to reduce the Excise Tax and to improve the lives of the citizens of the state.
In addition, the DC has issued a warning to all those who spread false news or anything that affects the smooth running of the election in Meghalaya and if found anyone who causes disturbance, violate the peace and order and if found guilty, they will be subject to strict provisions of the law.
The Seng also urges the public not to cause any disturbance during the hours of sleep or during the hours of night curfew.
Waheh Shnong Yoshida Nongspung said that the Assam government had planned to cut the road and implement it since 2009, but due to their opposition, the Assam government has stopped, but now it has started to build this road. street.
Gomes said God called him to serve His work.
The loss of these two power plants has affected the electricity supply of Meghalaya by 50 MW.
Informing that a Market Committee has been set up to run the market, he said that it is also necessary to keep it clean in collaboration.
He said that he has requested RTI regarding the Departmental Promotion Committee (DPC).
Matilda Kharbuki, General Secretary, is the oldest member of the BJP as she has joined the party since the time of Bah Khlur Singh Lyngdoh as President. as Vice President of the Women's Morcha and others during the tenure of Bah Shibun Lyngdoh as President.
The second topic discussed was that the students should understand what you will bring here and contribute to the Jaidbynriew because the greatest honor is not your Gold Medal but the honor you will bring. ai sha ka Jaidbynriew"Speaking on the occasion, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar encouraged the students by telling about the struggles of the KSU for the Jaidbynriew in the past years. The struggles that have led to our Jaidbynriew to gain power in the villages like Jaiaw, Mawlai and other places.
“We will try to bring in a government free from corruption and corruption,” he said.
During the meeting with the heads of school authorities, the Governor discussed the state of education in the state.
When you vote, you think you are more experienced, more intelligent, more visionary than the leaders you have elected, that is wrong," he added.
“If it weren't for me and my intelligent supporters, you wouldn't have got an MLA who is a brother and sister from the 19th South Shillong Constituency,” he said.
When they heard the sound of the child crying, they were afraid but when they finally heard it they decided to go and see and when they arrived they found the child covered with a blanket.
No buildings or structures shall be constructed without the permission of engineers or architects as these may be dangerous during an earthquake.
The Wasan Waheh, religious servants of the Raij Jowai under the leadership of the Dolloi as the head of the religious community of the elaka, performed the Knia ainguh known as the Knia “Thoh Langdoh” or the Knia ainguh to the Langdoh.
The HITO to strengthen and protect the customs and traditions including the rights under the Annexed Agreement (17 August 1948) of the Khasi States including the Jaintia Hills, has set out the following issues: The HITO has requested the Governor to discuss with the Prime Minister and the Minister of Home Affairs of the Government of India and set up a special committee headed by the Minister of Home Affairs to implement the soskular written in the Instrument of Accession and implement the directives of the National Commission for Scheduled Tribes (NCST) to the MHA in April 2012 and Oct/Nov
More than 120,000 people have fled Ukraine as a result of Russia's invasion, which began on Friday, according to the United Nations.
“The KSU has organized this poster rally against the CAA and we feel that the ILP and MRSSA should be implemented urgently to protect the state from the infiltration of foreigners,” said Streamlet Niangti.
The team will be led by Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjun Sewa and Bah Greater EM Kharpuri.
Before concluding her speech, she encouraged all the students who participated in this program to take an oath to, “Say Yes to life and no to drugs.
The incident occurred in connection with the funding of terrorist activities and the existence of a conspiracy which was carried out by various rebel groups, after receiving orders from the leaders of the groups. They are from Pakistan.
With this, I would like to share my thoughts with all of you who have read this article and to you school authorities in this State that you should not be short-sighted and short-sighted to see. only the money and the completion of the courses that exist or belong to this year (2020) which will go into oblivion in a few months.
The NOC is not available to the authorities if it is not a Pung or Nan public.
Africa said he joined the army at the age of 18-1
After many days of protests, on 19th November 2019, 60 leaders from the ruling and opposition parties raised their voices in the Legislative Assembly to demand ILP from the Central Government. Through the resolution, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma.
The deputy commissioner advised the media to cooperate with the police during the raid but this did not happen and this shows the lack of proper coordination between the police and the administration. district, the Commission said.
He said that through drug users and their relatives, they have also received information about incidents where drug users just to get money to buy drugs cannot help but steal from their own homes by stealing from their homes. die tad price it that tiar that tar.
We have the islands and we will negotiate," he said.
On the other hand, the SDO said that he has already written to his superiors to send 3 or 4 linemen to these areas.
They include Nathaniel Kylla, Augustin Makri, Billbud Syiemlieh, Samuelson Malieh, Alexandri Kylla, Kevinson Malieh and Samanta Pathaw from Umsning Proper A. we're afraid.
The first match was between Cricket Smit CC and Laitjem CC. Laitjem won by 8 wickets.
Shillong, Naitung 5: A few days after the insurgents in Dhaka, the state police and BSF troops have held an emergency meeting to strengthen the security forces on the border with Bangladesh.
The two Speakers of the Legislative Assemblies together with those present on the occasion visited the Assembly Complex and the Nokmey Namati Hall, Library, Dorjee Khandu Auditorium, NeVA Center and the Assembly. Hall.
These articles were approved by the government on the basis of the Lamphang of the Constitution followed by the NCF 2007 of the Central Government, said the Deputy Secretary.
Since the inception of the GSMC, the demand for Garoland has increased and will continue until the demand is met.
Fourthly, the two States should create mechanisms for dialogue among the residents of the border areas and to give them the freedom to choose and decide for themselves what is best.
She said that as it appears, the existence of the Sixth Schedule has not yet provided adequate protection to the state.
But his sin was exposed when his brother returned repentant.
Many of the things which the Word of God speaks are eternal and have been fulfilled until the end times, for this generation shall not pass away, until all these things be fulfilled.
Ma Laloo called for the cooperation of all as a sign of preserving these wildlife in order to preserve and beautify the environment.
The truth is that the traditional customs could not be resolved because the British Government had attacked the Christian peoples, and that they had explained the traditional customs according to the rules of the British government. that are devastating and have a serious impact on society.
B Marboh on 10/11/20 inspected this place and according to a report sent to the government on 17/12/20, it was found that the garbage dump, the The village is quiet, but the village, which is 100 feet away from this place, Phutsyngkai, has a lot of uranium deposits.
Along with the permission to travel from one district to another in the Green Zones, the screening of people at the entry and exit points should follow the guidelines laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare. state.
Speaking to media, HSPDP President KP Pangniang said the party stands firmly against the decision of the government and the Meghalaya Energy Corporation Limited (MeECL) to hand over the electricity. 56 sub-stations to foreign companies because many young people or local companies have been empowered to implement such projects.
Pankar Protim Dutta, the leader of the AASU, has been missing since November this year.
Both of them were sick, and their bodies were sick.
Shillong, July 09 : Shillong MP and President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee (MPCC) Bah Vincent H Pala on Tuesday alleged that it is the lack of attention of the central and state governments. The peace talks with the HNLC have not been able to move forward.
In any case, witnesses and evidence are essential to a fair trial.
Shillong: The Director of Health Services (DHS), Dr Aman War, today said that 37 people have tested positive for covid-19 in the state. One case in East Jaintia Hills District, one case in South Garo Hills District, one case in North Garo Hills District and 10 cases in West Garo Hills District.
“MePDCL has ignored the directive of the Cabinet Secretary of the Government of India because the two companies that have implemented this scheme have received 50 and 54 percent higher prices than the price set during the tender. M/s Satnam Global Infraprojects Ltd has received the contract worth T.173.60 crore and M/s Onycon Enterprises worth T.179 crore,” said the letter. The CAG report shows that the implementation of the Saubhagya Scheme in Meghalaya is not in line with the expenditure of funds and this is why the union demands that the central government should send the CBI to investigate further. in relation to corruption in the implementation of this scheme.
The fourth case of Phoidari was dismissed by the SDO Civil.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang, 15: Mothers, Fathers and Youth from all over the villages in Mawkyrwat Constituency today came together to listen to the explanations on the topic, “Youth and Society”. The Youth's Wing of the United Democratic Party (UDP) held a meeting at the party headquarters in Mawkyrwat.
As soon as she came out, Niakha said, “Pleng, you have cheated and dressed well now... Tell me who your husband is.
Therefore, he said that his party will appeal and plead before the court against the negligence of the Punjab officials, in addition to the conditions imposed by the court and granted protection to him and the your house.
• It is because we the people are ignorant of the importance of our leader, most of the candidate we win is rich even if we don't know anything about the country and the electorate. There is no knowledge but he/she has been able to register a few minutes before the election.
The appointment process is not a clean process.
Besides Deibormi, Heiyoomiki Ryngkhlem scored 44 runs off 68 balls.
The winners will receive trophies, certificates and other prizes.
Everyone who sins loses hope in life if he turns to the right and even the world speaks against him. punishment by being tried and imprisoned by the authorities of the law, and there are those who have already suffered the punishment of death from here on earth, and that is the reward of the wicked.
Regarding the border dispute with Assam which has been going on for 50 years, this government has taken more action than the Congress government which has ruled for 36 years in the state. that sorrow should not be resolved by going to places where there is no peace.
Speaking to media, Prestone said the decision to spray, clean and ban the public from entering the offices of the Secretariat was taken after the outbreak of Covid-1 positive cases of 6 employees working in these offices.
The Chief Minister of Sikkim, Prem Singh Tamang on October 31, 2023, announced that the Special Session of the Legislative Assembly of the State will be held on June 10,
The MDA leaders should accept that this alliance may be the beginning of their journey if they want to exclude the Congress and the BJP from the political arena. At the same time, they have to understand that if they fail, this time to win the candidate of the UDP, there will be a stronger protest and there will be a speech. “There is no better enemy than a friend who turns away” and that is why the leaders of the MDA should not only fight at the Polo Ground, but if they are clean-minded, they should. to work without fear.
The total number of confirmed cases has risen to 339 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
Sessions Court judge AJ Kanani has sent a letter to the Gujarat government and the GU regarding the review of the pleadings, and a date has been fixed for the hearing on 5 , August.
Speaking to media, Paiem Ken Syiem expressed his deep sorrow over the actions of Bah Louis Dohtdong even after the District Council and the Hima have already arranged for the work in the villages. Rangbah Shnong of the Garo, but this leader says the same thing, and it seems that this leader wants to stir up war like in Manipur between the Khasi and Garo, because until now the Khasi and Garo who live in The Raid Marwet was peaceful without any conflict.
But the young men who despise the teachings of the elders will come to shame, destruction and misery in the days of their old age.
Kynshi, July 7: The first 12 days of Aapda Mitra Training for Village Volunteers was held on Tuesday at Kynshi Bangla Community Hall Kynshi, organized by DDMA West. SDO Water Resource R. Nongphud, AFPO Fire & Emergency Meghalaya M Rymbai, W Nonglang, Deputy Controller, Civil Defense and Home Guard Nongstoin and A Syiemlieh Sordar were also present. Speaking on the occasion, Bah J Mawthoh, DDMO, DDMA West Khasi Hills, explained the Aapda Mitra Scheme of the National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA), which has been implemented in the districts to train 100 volunteers. to provide assistance and to work together in the event of natural disasters.
If the JD (S) joins hands with the Congress, it will be able to form a coalition government in the state and if the JD (S) supports the BJP, it will allow the BJP to form. The government has been in Karnataka.
“We want to clarify to the public that the clean marriage has brought great harm to the nation and perhaps in a few years we will no longer be able to see the faces of the Khasi. The state while the tribe is the Khasi tribe,” said Bah Dohtdong.
“How did you come here... How are you Niakha...?” said the mother of Rida. “To to, shong shong Niakha...” said Rida's mother. So she went out to the bedroom to go ahead.
When asked whether the NPP will work with other political parties in the upcoming elections, Dr. Kharlukhi said that as of now, he sees that the party will win many and rule alone.
Reports say that Bhutia has about Rs 5 crore.
This should be a warm, sunny, and fertile place.
“There should be no border for any political party, there should be no discrimination.
They took three AK rifles and a carbine from the police.
Speaking at the meeting, u Bah Metbah said that as of now within the UDP party there is unity and cooperation because without this issue we cannot achieve our goal.
There are 58 idols that have been immersed, but there are also idols brought by the BSF and Air Force troops to immerse the idols as in Shillong it has been ordered to immerse the idols only in Wah. The crown.
You can also see the PA Sangma Stadium which was funded by the Ministry of Minority,” he said.
In fact, there are those who should not be followers, but they want to be leaders.
Today, Sohra received no rainfall and Umiam received only 0.5mm.
Ma Vincent said that regarding the MLA election, he said that the final decision will be taken soon in the coming days because if he forces only others to contest how can he not.
We should also think carefully when drinking and eating with friends because out of love, closeness or embarrassment to reject the offer of food and drink from friends, will lead us into a trap that doesn't exist. end no more.
Punjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh has written to Conrad Sangma to ensure peace and stability for the Punjabis living here.
He said that the reason why he chose to contest from Mylliem constituency is because he has seen the neglect of the people of the area and when they need to meet the leaders they don't get to meet them. “I am from Lawsohtun where I am an MDC but I am an MLA from Mylliem constituency. The people there don't get to meet the MLA. “I have heard the same voice in Mylliem constituency, so I have decided to contest from this constituency,” he said.
Jowai, Naitung 26: Jaintia Hills has been a district with many festivals since ancient times, from the Sukra festival (before planting) to Behdeinkhlam after the planting and burial. The village has its own 'Iadaw Masi Rong' or the annual cow festival organized by the raids or the Dorbar Shnong.
On this day, the party has decided to hold a marathon in the afternoon and there will be an essay writing competition followed by a short drama competition on Woh Kiangbah.
Meghalaya lost to Jharkhand by nine wickets and Madhya Pradesh by six wickets.
The fight will be between the wife of former MLA Hasina Yasmin Mandal and Abdus Saleh of the Congress.
Conrad also spoke about the development of sportsmen through training and construction of sports facilities, child protection from an early age, empowerment of women through employment opportunities and Self Help Groups. .
Chanky Lyngdoh has also decided not to contest the MDC election from the constituency to support Habahun Dkhar, the NPP candidate. Kharjana, President 4-Mowakaiaw MLA Circle Ma Gilbert Sten.
Shillong, July 30: The Director General of Police (DGP) Dr Lajja Ram Bishnoi on Friday declared a war against drug trafficking in Meghalaya after the seizure of seven drug traffickers along with 676 grams of heroin. drugs worth T.1 crore from East Jaintia Hills and East Khasi Hills District.
In a statement, Mohamed Nasheed, Speaker of the Maldivian Majlis, today said that Rajapaksa has resigned as President of Sri Lanka.
Speaking to media, the Sordar of Umwai, Tyngshain Wanwar, said that the shooters were residents of Ichamati and neighbors and some of them were acquaintances.
However, he said that according to the Election Commission, the status quo remains in force according to the decision of the Supreme Court in
This will continue with us and as the villages become urban, the production of garbage will increase.
Jowai, Nailur 11 : The U Kiang Nangbah Memorial Trophy Super Division Football Tournament-2022 was held on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Dongmihsngi, Jowai.
He said that agriculture and horticulture and trade and commerce are the pillars to be strengthened especially in Ri Pnar.
Shillong, March 9: U Bah Lamdi Bok Sumer, MLA of Sohra constituency, Bah Titos W Chyne, has nominated its candidate for Amlarem. The vehicle is located in Upper Shillong.
The fire fighting started at 8 pm and lasted until 1 pm; then they turn it off again, from 1.30 pm to 8.30 or 9 pm and that too, by turning it off and on for a while.
He said that these false allegations against the Meghalaya Age Limited could have a serious impact on the efforts to raise funds from outside Meghalaya from various groups.
The meeting was attended by the Waheh Shnongs of Khanduli and Lapangap, Village Members and Elders.
It is only the synsar crop that has not been affected by any disease.
He said that if there are any incidents of vehicle collisions or assaults on passengers especially women, the police station will inform the nearest police station and the relevant departments. the law does not provide emergency assistance.
From now on, the KSU should take seriously the participation of female students as leaders.
The song was shot by drone by Sanky Dkhar and was attended by Khasi tyngshops, including Hunlang Bareh and Firstly Rymbai.
On the need to strengthen the measures in the fight against drugs in the State, the JSU said, “We are very grateful to the State Police for the measures they have taken to curb the entry of drugs. drugs into the State.
Most of the time we talk only about politics and even that we don't think carefully about what we should talk about so that there will be no change.
The organizing secretary of the party, Nickson Dohling, said that it is surprising that the CEM of the district council will appear before the court even though he has not done anything wrong but stands for the people.
The committee was set up to review the current reservation policy in Meghalaya.
Viceroy Nongtdu, Congress candidate from East Jaintia Hills, has filed his nomination papers.
“If there are other ethnic parties who want to join us, we are ready to work with them in unity.
Shillong: The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) has announced that it will hold a general meeting on the 19th of this month at 7 Mer, Pasyih, West Jaintia Hills. The Supreme Court has issued a sudden ban on the smuggling of coal into the state, despite the fact that there has been a previous order issued on the 15th of this month. to transport coal until 31st July
Shillong: The White Devil Crew, as part of the promotion of dance talent among children and youth, will hold the All Style Dance Competition on the 20th of this month. Babu Manisingh Auditorium, Shillong.
Oriland Shylla, General Secretary Chilliangraij said the aim is to support each other and save the precious souls who need assistance from the Dorbar Shnong.
The Deputy Commissioner, Garod LSN Dykes, today announced the reopening of the Lay-By Market at Lalong Village. The market will reopen from 11th June
Krai have captured the world's attention because they are gluten free and rich in protein and fiber.
A case has been filed against NLCN members under the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
In the first meeting, a meeting was held with the Rangbah Shnongs, Sordars and Sirdars involved in the race route for the Sohra International Half Marathon route (Laitsohpliah to Mawsmai 21km) which is the same route as the race. and walked last year.
Kit said that Palden is from Malki, although he doesn't remember the village where he lives and he says that he speaks Khasi, although he is more stupid, because he has lived in Malki for a long time. Mumbai.
He said that this donation is to support the fight of the Town Dorbar against drugs, and informed that the MTD has been able to do so by increasing the number of hospitals and up to 30 people who have been admitted. They have been provided with food and shelter and treated with medicines.
However, it was seen that the state government has no responsibility for the welfare of the indigenous people.
Shillong: The EC in charge of the Council Building, Bah Teibor Pathaw, today said that the EC has decided to relocate the KHADC office to Mawdiangdiang and this is being considered by the Urban Development Department of the state government.
This is something that has never been seen in the history of India.
Chyne said the Government has not yet discussed the issue of quarrying.
He said that the state government will receive the report tonight from the Deputy Commissioners and after that the government will be able to give punishment to those who violate the rules of the government.
The district authorities and the Government have to take a difficult decision especially to remove all parking along the roads and to ban private vehicles going to and from school.
He said that the people want to see how the VPP party is, but it has no future and no wind in Jaintia Hills.
Nongpoh, June 12: The residents of Sabuda village in Block II area have arrested three Khasi youths by the Assam police. They protested against the release of these three youths from the hands of the Assam police and demanded that they be brought back to the state, because of the allegation that they intended to burn down the Umler Bridge without any reason. the truth and it is only an unfounded allegation.
If not, they can calculate as follows: On an income of Rs.15,000/- per month, deduct 12.75% (0.75% ESI and 12% EPF) the salary will be (15000-1912.50) = Rs. no one can cut even a penny.
East Khasi Hills truck drivers and drivers from East Jaintia Hills who have been stranded in Assam due to the lockdown have been allowed to leave. to return.
Jowai, which the government wants to turn into a 'Smart Town', will continue to face the problem of garbage, after the residents of many villages in Nartiang District have protested against the garbage dump. The Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) on Thursday held a new meeting in Mooshutsdai, Thadmusem.
According to the inspection, the Seng has found that the Assam Government has already cleared the land for the Puhshilum Corporation, in order to start the construction of the Police Outpost immediately.
The government has released only 10% of what they should have received and the remaining 90%.
Speaking after the opening of the meeting at the First Ground, Bah Eugeneson expressed his gratitude to the SSA, which has invited and accepted him as its leader.
“Corruption in the public service should be eradicated,” he said.
The President of SMEA expressed the government's concern for the Municipal employees who are facing many problems such as the non-release of salaries, the suspension of promotion.
Kharjana said the CDPO Umsning office has given the reason that the man is 60 years old.
After the discussion, today between the two sides reached an agreement and the members of the church said that they do not want such unfounded statements to continue. in connection with the work of the Church.
To end the match, Rang Dajied won 4-3 from the penalty spot.
JOWAI: To maintain peace and order in Nartiang District during the Durga Puja celebrations to be held at Nartiang Temple from 4th to 8th October 2019, the District Magistrate, West Jaintia Hills District has ordered He has imposed Section 144 CrPC on him and directed all firearms owners to surrender their firearms along with Xerox copied documents at the nearest police station and police outpost.
Conrad said that during the meeting with Modi, he urged him to fight and support Meghalaya to guide and support to achieve the targets set for the next five years. come.
The KSU leader said that the reason why the Nongsier village leaders have removed the Longkmie as an ASHA worker, is only because she has helped an ASHA. A disabled young woman, who was allegedly raped by another man from the same village and who has a close relationship with the village leaders of Nongsier, said that the ASHA worker immediately When she learned of the incident, she rushed to the Patharkhmah Hospital.
However, in 2012-2013, the assistance has been increased to 90 percent from the Central Government and 10 percent from the State Government.
Robert Ingty won the junior boys category, Dlisha Damlong won the women's category, Hunlang Kongor won the senior boys category and Monica Bey won the women's category. female.
Very unfortunately, this attitude is not present in our elected officials.
The game was divided into groups.
In the midst of the strength and adequacy of modern weapons of the British government, the Khasi people fought fiercely with swords, sums, spears, ryntieh and gradually with guns taken from the British government. the army of the Bilat government.
“If Bah Shylla says that he has not said anything, that has shown to the High Priest Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh, who has eaten khawai (bam kwai) in the Temple.
This action of the Assam Government has caused a lot of trouble to the residents of the border villages due to the slowness and excessive negligence of the Meghalaya Government.
Giambruno, who is one of the most outspoken speakers in the newspapers, has been criticized for being one of the most outspoken critics of women when he speaks in the news or when he walks.
Expressing that it is wrong to say that the building cannot bear the weight of the dome, Bah PN Syiem said, “Why should this engineer consult with the Minister in charge of the weight of the dome? Initially, why didn't you contact the implementing company, contact IIT Roorkee which designed the project"
He said the District Council will set up Working Groups to look after the construction work and will do its utmost to complete it as soon as possible.
To strengthen the decision taken at the meeting, a committee of the group was set up to discuss and discuss on behalf of the Seng, that Bah Nongsiej should join the Seng. On the other hand, the committee has been given 10 days to complete its decision.
Before we can drive, we must drive and expect from others that we must have our own garage, within our own boundary or inside our own yard or compound. ), that is, not to park all night on narrow village roads (10-12 feet).
The KSU has decided to continue to block this because we don't want the hard work of the villages in the district through the COVID Management Committees to be wasted by the release of foreigners.
“Many female students have had to drop out of their studies part-time due to lack of adequate accommodation,” said the BVKJPWO. water through the JJM to 12 Khasi villages in the remote areas of Cachar District, as the residents have to go to distant places to fetch water and have to walk for many hours.
The robbers fled into the forest after stealing the money.
A short meeting was conducted by the Waheh Shnong, Jendis Khongiong, Secretary Samuel Gashnga, President JFEPA D.H.Pde. , Wom Pakynteiñ, Ex-General Secretary, I/C Muktapur Out Post, SI Pala and others.
The UPD as one of the strongest political parties has seen an increase in the number of leaders through the mid-term elections.
This is the challenge we face in the North East.
Daily traffic jams happen not only in Shillong and Jowai, but also in Ladrymbai and Khliehriat due to the overcrowding of vehicles and the overcrowding of people on the road. We have achieved our goal by spending time whether it is to schools or workplaces especially in case of illness just because of the traffic jam in these two places which happens every day.
He said that the implementation of the Roster System without the revision of the Reservation Policy is meaningless.
After this, Mark Austin Wanswett had another try in the next minutes but Nongthymmai goalkeeper Akash Thapa caught the ball without hesitation. Nongthym got a free-kick from Lamshaphrang and then threw the ball to Rheadolf who had already missed the ball and ran well behind the two opposing defenders. Where he stood outside the book, he threw the ball which rolled straight into the net by entering from behind it.
Shillong: The heavy rainfall in the past few days has caused a lot of damage in many areas and it was seen that the heavy rainfall has caused flooding in the Umiam River and from the The floods have destroyed the village of Kalatek which has destroyed the ground and damaged the rice fields.
He said that trucks carrying more than 20 tonnes will not be allowed to pass because of the damage to the bridge.
Dhaka is only 3.5 hours away from Meghalaya and Sylhet is only 45 km from Dawki. It will be the closest place to travel between the two countries to promote trade.
For more information and to send your name, please call 8974562691, 7478978991,
To develop Arts and Culture Promotion Policy in relation to the promotion of music, drama, films, artists and others.
M.Rapsang distributed the prizes.
Finally, in 1971, the Legislative Assembly of India passed the North Eastern Areas (Re Organization Act) 1971 and through this Act Meghalaya was declared and made a State. It was completed on January 21,
Bah Nongrum and Samla Warjri have held a strike on the seventh day but the government has not responded yet.
Leaders who are mature in thought, speech, and action do not have time to look at anyone, but try to reach out to everyone.
Willmi Syad, 79, of Khliehriat, West Jaintia Hills, was admitted to Khliehriat on 16-05-2021. He died on 24-05-2 Reshel Jahrin, 80, of Jaiaw Laitdom, Shillong, was admitted to Civil Hospital on 23-05-2021. She passed away on 24-05-2 Dr.HG Roberts Hospital, Shillong on 24-05-2021 Clinta Prasad Pradhan, 61, of Polo Bazar, Shillong, has died of Covid-1 -05-2021Philista Marboh, 93, of Mawlynrei, died at home on 24-05-2021. Aibines, 59, of Mawlynrei, died of Covid-1 Ram Babu Singh, 55, of Garikhana Qualapatty, Shillong, was admitted to Nazareth Hospital on 25-05-2 Chandeswar Ray, 45, of Nongthymmai Jelly Shop, Nazareth Hospital, died on 03-05-2021Cause of death – Ezing M Sangma, 40, of Mengkhul Rongsa Awe Nongalbibra, SGH died at home on 24-05-2021 Bud Chyrmang, 66, of Pamra Paithlu, was admitted to MCH Hospital. , Jowai on 24-05-2021Died on 24-05-2021Deceased on 24-05-2021Deceased on 20-05-2 -05-2021Cause of death – COVID-19 Pneumonia with co-morbiditiesJ.Philson Pariat, 64 of Mawlai Umjaiur, was admitted to Civil Hospital, Shillong on 09-05-2 Cleverring Tonwell Pyrtuh, 39, of Golflink, died at home on 24-05-2021. Shapstar Kharbani, 34, of Mawlai Nongkwar, died at home on 24-05-2 -2021 Belinda Jyrain, 64 of Malki Pdengshnong, died at home on 24-05-2021 Saraswati Das, 76, of Ichamati, died at home on 24-05-2 -19 Positive H.Dapline R.Massar.75 of Mawlai Nonglum was admitted to Dr.H.G Roberts Hospital Shillong on 23-05-2 , 83 from Mawlai was admitted to NEIGRIHMS Shillong on 21-05-2021Died on 24-05-2021Cause of death – Severe COVID-19 Pneumonia -05-2021Died on 24-05-2021Cause of death – Severe COVID-19 Pneumonia.
He said that the Sengbhalang has been working for a long time in the last two or three years and it is urgent for the government to implement the check gates to prevent people from entering the state. .
Leimiki Dkhar scored the first goal for Nangbah Iawmusiang in the 18th minute.
“Not being afraid of losing is the best thing because it makes you work harder,” he added.
Speaking on the occasion, Samla Ferdinald Kharkamni President of the KSU said that these four villages have submitted a petition to the KSU to help them fight for the transfer of these villages to Meghalaya. The KSU will submit a petition to the Government through the Prime Minister that in this demarcation, these villages should fall under Meghalaya. villages lose a lot of share and development works and live in misery.
Kyntiew Marthong scored the first goal for Khliehmawlieh in the 8th minute and Shemjinghmut Kharmutee scored the second goal in the 87th minute.
He also promised to continue to provide more assistance to the residents.
Hamza's whereabouts are still unknown, although some say he lives in Iran with his mother, but that too is unclear, as Al Qaeda , does not agree with the Shiites, who are the majority in the country.
It is alleged that the BSF troops after failing to stop the protest, sympathized with sticks and shot into the air and several people were injured in the incident.
“The MP should not be busy advocating for uranium mining, railway but should be advocating in Parliament to amend the Constitution to strengthen the district councils and Scheduled Tribes in the state,” he said. , said Mr. Adelbert.
One of the information that has brought great benefits to the farmers and residents of the North East, especially Meghalaya, is the provision of accurate and timely weather information. like the storm of a storm, the rain, the cold, and the flood.
“As the Opposition, the AITC will continue to speak out on issues affecting the people and to be the voice of the people.
I don't think the investigation into the deaths of the two men in the hands of the law recently will bring a fair trial because as we have seen in the past, it hasn't led to anything except the increase in the number of people involved in the crime. to the law.
Mawkyrwat, July 17: The Union Minister of State in charge of Women & Child Department and Ayush, Government of India, Dr. Munjpara Mahendrabhai today visited the One Stop Center and Ayush Hospital. , Aganwadi Centers in South West Khasi Hills District and also held a review meeting at the Conference Hall, Circuit House, Laitlawsang, Mawkyrwat with some government officials of the district on the implementation of the measures. development of the Government of India.
“We also urge Prestone Tynsong to refrain from any wrongdoing and in fact he should be an elder, a farsighted man, rather than a stupid person,” said the statement. message, you are the owner of Nongtraw.
“Where are these, or is it just a forced increase in the price of rusit,” asked Bah Banri.
“The police in the state are fully equipped to curb all crime in the state but even if there are police who work 24 hours a day, crimes happen and you don't know when the thief will come. come to your house,” said Prestone.
In this regard, the Chief Guest recalled that he used to be ashamed of the Sawangka in the past years and now he is happy and praised that it has flourished properly and completely. .
Up to 13 children from the state participated in the tournament and won 11 medals.
Nongstoiñ: In the Qualifier 1 of the Super Division of the Nongstoin District Sports Association (NDSA) which was held yesterday between Rambrai and Nongpyndeng, the team played a very interesting match. Rambrai FC won the tournament by beating Nongpyndeng 2-1
In a memorandum submitted to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Urban Affairs, Ma Sniawbhalang Dhar, the JNC said; “We strongly request the government to take action on the issues related to the early completion of the construction of Iawmusiang and the Mini Secretariat in Jowai and also for the operation of all the two residential schools and Teachers Training. Center in East Jaintia Hills District.
“I am not poor but I am rich in spirit which others cannot buy with money,” said Bah Carnes Sohshang.
She directed the Head Offices in different areas to cooperate with the people so that the work will be smooth and without any problems.
The competition was organized by the All Meghalaya Laya Dancer Association and the final was held on Saturday night at the State Central Library.
The winners of these matches will face Sailung Ïalong in the third semi final on the 9th to compete for the title.
In this SOPs, only persons or companies with land area of ​​not less than 100 (shispah) hectares are allowed to obtain a Coal Mining Licence.
Referring to the steps taken through the implementation of the CM Elevate scheme, the Minister informed the participants on the opportunities for local entrepreneurs on various schemes that support the development of tourism, agriculture and other sectors.
The nomination paper of Congress candidate Nilesh Kumbani from Surat seat was rejected on Friday after the District Returning Officer found that there was a discrepancy in the registration of the candidate. type name.
The speech of the Prime Minister on the freight railway should not surprise the people of the state, because if the railway line is accepted, that is the end.
The teachings and works of preachers such as John Wesley, Howell Harris and others will remain and be examples from generation to generation.
It is interesting to know that in this village there are two women, Albina and Amabilis of Peinlang who are sisters and serve the village as Anganwadi and Asha.
They are just like Christians who carry the Bible wherever they go; but they do not practice or obey its teachings at all.
Hep also thought that he should inform his father first because his father had once said that if there was a relationship, tell him.
“The same letter will be sent to the Chief Secretary of Assam to confirm that the SP will attend the hearing,” the tribunal said.
Shillong: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the Garo Students Union (GSU) in a statement issued on 28th October has expressed its deep sorrow over the statement of the President of the Voice of Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, regarding his desire to change the roster system, which has been approved by the Meghalaya High Court.
The deficit teachers have not received their salaries for three months from October to June.
On 22nd November 2022, the Forest Protection Force of Assam shot dead five residents of Meghalaya at Mukroh village.
On December 3, 1984, a methyl isocyanate gas explosion occurred at the Union Carbide of India Ltd. factory in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. .
Nongpoh, Naiwieng 22: The first batch of students, who are studying Bachelor of Ayurvedic Medicine and Surgery (BAMS) at the recently opened IA Ayurvedic Medical College, University of Science and Technology , Khanapara, u AT Mondal, Minister of Electricity and C&RD, today inaugurated the Ayush Research Division at the University to continue to promote the field of research, to be an opportunity and a blessing. you are a great student.
They have defamed and degraded the status and reputation of the ethnic parties in our state Meghalaya.
Sometimes we forget the true meaning of Christmas which is a spiritual celebration and focus on other worldly colours.
When asked why they are against wearing uniforms, the Assistant General Secretary of the Association, Bah B.Jyrwa, said that their parents have taught them since childhood that they should wear uniforms. and go to school so that they can get into the Daju industry, and the Daju industry is a job that the society values. “Besides, it is a job that people consider to be a job. poh, why do we have to recognize ourselves as those Daju who work in the poh,” said Bah Jyrwa. He said that if the KHADC or Hima Mylliem issues them only an Identity Card or a Batch, They accepted that and didn't feel different, but to wear uniforms they said they have a feeling in their souls that people will count them. like lowly people.
Tura, July 13 : The GSU has lodged a complaint with the Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills to immediately ban the collection of money from vehicles, autorickshaws, scooters and motorcycles carrying passengers to the Inter State Bus Terminal. (ISBT) Now.
The office of DSO East and West Jaintia invites children, youth and adults to participate in this marathon and there will also be cash prizes for the winners and runners up.
In ancient India, the teaching method was based on the Guru-Shishya tradition.
Zardozi is from Iran, Pakistan, India and Bangladesh.
“We have sought clarification from these people in the newspapers according to the RTI from the office of the DC of Revenue Jowai, but they are not sufficient.
We have been together before the law, society, rule of law and others.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “Those leaders who have condemned and criticized the decision taken by the Government, are only interested in politics.
We will visit within this month,” he added.
This shad was held with the completion of the offering to the Creator God to bring good luck and prosperity to the agriculture.
“We strongly condemn the police for searching and raiding the homes and families of the members.
Dr Sangma said the government had already implemented the Act before Bah Syiem announced the protest but he should have praised the government for doing this.
The death toll in the US has surpassed that of World War I, when 116,516 people died in the country.
The country will face problems if agriculture is destroyed because everyone needs food whether they are rich or poor.
When we took over the Government, only a few households had houses but now more than 3 lakh households have houses.
“I will look after the development in Mawlai Constituency, the roads, water supply and other needs and there are many schemes to implement if you have information.
These few government officials and those contractors and businessmen who support the NPP or UDP can buy dozens of houses in Shillong.
It is up to the government whether it is ready or not to guide the farmers.
The vendors were urged to become volunteers and to look after those who do not follow the rules to prevent the spread of the disease.
In the 74 kg category, Badonkupar Kharbhih came first, Mintu Math came second and Maradona Rabon came third.
Besides, the union has organized two groups, one group starting from Langdongdai and the other group starting from Mawdiang to Mawkyllon and meet at the Riangken River in the middle.
The incident was also caused by a blockade for many hours, which has caused a strong response from the residents of the area, who have spoken and pointed fingers at the management and The relevant authorities have not taken action or taken adequate steps before holding this competition.
Shillong, Naitung 19: Police in East Garo Hills today shot dead a GNLA soldier, Lance Corporal Pilon M Sangma.
Assistive Technology (AT) is any device or service that enables people with disabilities or illnesses to perform their daily activities. and that they promote quality of life.
Real Madrid have sacked Julen Lopetegui, who has been in charge of the club for four and a half months.
Their selfishness makes them bought and become obedient to the politicians in power.
Mansing Kharbani, 49, died after being tied and bombed in the head and right leg.
The deceased were from East Khasi Hills, two from South West Khasi Hills.
Apparently, the UDP does not have any consensus on whom to elect because there are those who do not like the BJP candidate and there are also those who do not like the Congress candidate.
Events before 4th June 1829The first clash between the Khasi and the British Government took place in 1774 when the Bengal Native Light Infantry led by Captain Elliker attacked the Jaintiapur which was the capital of the Sutnga Hima only because of the border dispute between the Syiem of the Sutnga Hima and the British Government in Sylhet Province.
"Bahnah said. Riia laughed and followed Deisy. "It's Bahnah who doesn't know how to speak well..." said Riia.
Many patients with the Aorto Pulmonary Window die within 1 year of age if left untreated.
The song Ribbon was released in the Studio Version and was sung by singers, including Diana and Nangtei.
Anyone who violates this order will be punished under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code.
The MCD has also set up 600 Vikalp Stalls across the areas under the jurisdiction of the MCD where the public can buy clothes bags by paying only T.20," the official added. government.
Eyewitnesses said that these people were sent to clean up the area in the police quarter, but without thinking, the ground in the area collapsed and covered. he is not two.
Such things that as village headmen, raid headmen should have a shared responsibility because only to say that the government has not done anything is sad, to blame and slander.
St. Edmund's College v/s Sohra Govt.
The meat sold should be stored properly to avoid the spread of snow and ice, such as in fridges, containers, boxes or in showcases/boxes or boxes especially in nearby shops. street.
Shillong, Naitung, 07: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Thursday vowed to launch another Anti-Foreigners' Movement if the leaders of other foreigners living in the state fail to curb the they are the people.
When we learn to flee and run to the Lord, no matter how many troubles there are, the Lord can deliver us from them all.
“Where are those times of shriew, phandieng, wild food now that schools have been closed to the city or abroad?
Daniel 9:24.
The KSU on this occasion sent its condolences to the family of (L) Chiang Dhar who is survived by his two children and wife.
Shillong, Nailar 28 : The Urban Affairs Department has sent the blueprint for the relocation of households from Them Ïewmawlong to another location next month.
She said that the inclusion of children with disabilities in schools has been going on since 2005 but in the beginning it was very difficult to implement.
“Three government ministers along with me, the prime minister and the prime minister's advisers have been appointed as the spokespersons of the MDA II government,” he said.
The entry fee is Rs 150 and the registration fee is Rs
Besides, even girls have been prevented from going to school beyond matric,” said Prestone.
According to Dr Kharshiing, the meeting, which will be attended by the village officials who are members of the Executive Committee of the SNSBH, will discuss the outcome of the meeting with the Prime Minister regarding the demand for the release of the restrictions on government employees to hold village posts, the suspension of MUDA's boundary crossing into District Council land and other issues.
This is the Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital, formerly known as the Welsh Mission Hospital.
It was observed that this office blockade is different from other days when most of the employees have reached their workplaces and almost all the offices are running smoothly. except for banks and a few government offices.
The most recent meeting was held on 4th November 2023 at the office of the Chief Secretary DP Wahlang.
For Clause 11 of the Meghalaya Food Grains/SK Oil (PDS) Control Order, 2022 and Clause 28 sub-clause (9) – Payment for PDS Wholesalers/FPS Dealers who wish to Duplicate Copy or Xerox Appointment Letters/License – Rs.150/- (One Hundred and Fifty Rupees).
“We demand that the CBI should conduct an investigation to find out the truth without bias,” said MPUF President Dapoiwanmi Laloo after meeting with Warjri.
The State and the Nation that does not cultivate is a State and Nation that does not cultivate and wants to be the cultivator of others.
The beauty of the face, hands and feet are the things that many women like to do but the care and beauty of the hair is one of the things they like to do to beautify and beautify themselves.
The most important thing to do is to start the Cadastral Survey in collaboration with the KHADC, the Land Records Department, the Home (Police), the Revenue, the Law and the Political Department.
The revenue of Khadc comes from the Land Revenue where the department receives revenue from the issuance of NOCs to people who wish to pledge land in banks and also keeps records. .
“Instead of being afraid, we should stand firm and work better for the safety and security of the people,” he said.
He wrote that he wanted to hold the meeting within the second month of April before the announcement of the mid-term MDC elections.
He said that for the post of Police, the Government has decided to revise the age limit for the post of Sub Inspector (SI), the Cabinet has approved to allow up to 27+. 5 years extension, which means up to 32 years for Schedule Tribes.
Shillong: Bhutan beat Meghalaya 2-0 in the U-17 friendly match at the JN Stadium, Polo today.
Speaking to reporters, TW Chyne said that the Congress MLA's statement is like misleading not only the people, but many churches.
Demanding that the government should implement the old ILP, Basaiawmoit said there should be no problem because Article 2 empowers the state government to implement it according to its authority.
In the letter, they recalled their meeting with the CEM and also recalled the order of the Supreme Court which they said has authorized the Daloi to continue their work as usual. do.
In the fourth round, India beat Lebanon 1-0
The lack of revenue collection has decreased significantly due to various reasons we are facing from the mining rules and those who are most affected now are the Councils, this is the problem they are facing now,” he said. and the media.
He said that the price is according to their income and not what we demand.
Gilbert Kharraswai, Secretary TMC Mawsynram Block Committee, said that after a thorough examination of the political parties in the state, the NPP-led MDA government has been a successful government. Many problems have arisen and many protests have been witnessed in the past years and months.
“If our members don't go around to raise the flag, you wonder how they will do, they are not Spider Man or Superman but they are common men, they have to go,” said Robert.
“Ha ... ha ... ha..." they laughed together.
One of the elders, who did not want to be named, said that in the past years before the government allocated funds to improve the road, the MLA of Nongstoiñ and his supporters, said that This road is located in the intermediate lane.
The Court said that since the State has expressed plans to build or provide accommodation for the CAPF, the State should also cooperate in providing accommodation for the CISF including the Commandants of the Pyrtons. .
In another match, Rymbai Iawpynsing beat Sein Pynbhalang 5-1 in the Group-B match played at Jowai Zone. In Tura, Chipakkore beat Atong Matgrik FC 5-2 in Group D. In the Mawkyrwat zone, Seven United beat Pyndengrei FC 2-1 Group C match was played at Mawkyrwat (MDSA).
I am very pleased with this and I wish him all the best for the Lok Sabha MP election.
We must vote for the BJP and win the BJP candidates for the post of Union Minister,” said Bah Sanbor, who wants to give ticket to Kong Fenela L Nonglait as the BJP candidate from Shillong. Parliamentary constituency.
The games were held at Don Bosco Higher Secondary School.
French television cameramen witnessed the fact that the couple fell in love for the first time in 75 years.
The University needs interaction with other states.
Shanborlang, 24, is the fifth of 40 children of Siplinda Marbaniang, who lives in Pdengshnong, Umlyngka, Upper Shillong.
“He added that any committee that takes such matters – the members should not be biased when taking any decision or in the public opinion whether they are or are not the owners. country.
Thomas Dennerby's contract expires on October 31, but the Swedish coach has continued to lead the team in the first round of the Olympic qualifiers. against Kyrgyzstan on 4 and 7 June.
The college also honored the Ph.D.
They say that history repeats itself.
Mamata Banerjee used the meeting with Prime Minister Narendra Modi to convey the message and understanding exists, said BJP leader Dilip Ghosh. “This meeting to show that there has been an understanding with the Indian government should be clear,” Ghosh said.
If so, the government should look into such a matter.
The Antyodaya Anna Yojna (AAY) will be distributed at the rate of 35 Kgs per head free of cost. Non-NFSA will be distributed free of cost at the rate of 7.215 Kgs per card/household at the price determined by the Vigilance Committee and shall not be sold more than 7.215 Kgs per card/household. priced at Rs.14/- per kg.
Questions were also received from the MCS officers who wanted to know the status of agriculture in the state.
He also congratulated the teachers to continue to provide adequate education to the students and to teach them how to become ready to come to school and congratulated the children to continue working. They have difficulty learning so that they can become human beings in their lives.
Shillong: The Confederation of Meghalaya Social Organizations (FCO) today held a stay of road protest in Shillong. Mawlai petrol pump.
On this occasion, a report was received from the General Secretary explaining the progress of the Seng since 2011, its establishment and all the expenses related to the implementation of various programs and tournament in the region.
At present, the government says that the party is in dire need and will raise funds by any means to support its members, to purchase equipment and to recruit new members.
In the meeting with Joseph Sailova, the FKJGP demanded that the department should remove the names of these 11 foreigners who came from UP to apply for BPM jobs in the areas. He promised to take action to discuss the matter with the heads of the Post Office in charge of Meghalaya.
East Jaintia Hills Police said that the robbers did not damage anything except the three computers.
The KSU Nongshken said that in the past few days from the 20th to the 24th of this month, Reliance has been causing too much trouble to the people because the network is not working properly.
Shillong, Nailar, 14: The Department of Arts and Culture of the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) on Saturday held the State Launch of Har Ghar Tiranga. The meeting was held at the Soso Tham Auditorium, Shillong.
On the infiltration of foreigners in different states of the region, he said there is a danger and injury if other foreigners take over the North East. In the East, if the indigenous people who are full citizens have to shed blood among themselves.
Nongpoh: A meeting was held between the District Administration of Ri Bhoi and West Khasi Hills Districts of Meghalaya and the District Administration of Kamrup District (Rural) District of Assam today at MeECL IB Byrnihat. There was also a discussion on the upcoming elections in Assam and how to bring peace and stability in the border villages of Meghalaya-Assaam.
The president of the shopkeepers' union, Kunjar Mohammed, said, “Others too have their own houses, which they have to live in,” said Kunjar, who is a shopkeeper. The President of Kerala Vyapari Vyavasayi Ekopana Samithi's Badiadka unit.
Meanwhile, UDP Ranikor Circle Leader GG Bung Snaitang said that the UDP has no demand for the appointment of Bah Pius but it trusts the party to do whatever is necessary.
Railways, in chase, managed to tied and scored 55 runs in four overs for the loss of one wicket.
In another step, these songs are wrapped in shken and left in the sun for 4 to 6 days; after which they removed them and tied them again, further fitting them together.
I don't remember that we have told such a story about our Khasi people,” said the mother who was still hot on her plate.
The union has also promised that between the 8th and 9th of this month, all the members of the union will take leave and stop working on these days.
At the same time, Bah HDR said that MDCs cannot go beyond the orders of the Congress party because they are MDCs, EMs, CEMs or MLAs, Government Ministers or even the Chief Minister of the state. Congress ticket and through the Congress party, but to say that they will act against the party is not appropriate.
He also spoke to the Field Commanders and BSF personnel for their hard work in protecting the country from many crimes.
In fact, the Israelites were to be kings and priests to rule over this world.
Furthermore, it is shocking that instead of solving the problems of the students, the government urges them to spend their time in their studies and not in their demands.
The event was also attended by the residents and village leaders of these villages who expressed their happiness to receive the bridge and the new road for the convenience of traffic. according to the needs of the people.
The Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh was the chief guest in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah W. Nongsiej, Superintendent of Police, Bah W. MB Syiem, officers and employees of various government departments, village leaders, members of SHGs and others.
“I agree with the statement of our spoke person, because it is true that we have elected our candidates to contest the mid-term elections in Rajabala and we have sent them to the Election Committee. and to the higher authorities where our leader, Dr Chuba Ao is also present”.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Kickboxing Organization (MAKO) has organized the XII Meghalaya State Level Kickboxing Championship, 2019 at Mini Indoor Sports Hall, Lumparing, Shillong.
He also promised that the police will keep the names of those who inform.
The best doctors at AIIMS, headed by Dr Randeep Guleria, are monitoring Shah's condition, the report said.
Therefore, Article 16 (4) of the Constitution was amended which states: “Nothing in this article shall prevent the State from making any provision for the reservation of appointments or posts in favor of any backward class of citizens which, in the opinion of the State, is not adequately represented in the services under the State.
Rajkumar was arrested by the guards of the cow shelter run by the Kartaliya Baba Ashram.
The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) has forecast that the rainfall in these areas will not fall as expected in the coming days.
Before the opening ceremony, a Judo Demonstration was performed by the Judokas under the leadership of Samla Aiboryne Shabong who has won many medals for the state in the presence of other judokas like Joystarwell. Lyngkhoi, Onjoy Ishwary, Sylvian E Kharkongor, Melabatskhem Marbaniang, Gabriel Kharkongor and Sabinus Jasain.
This is unacceptable and shows that the government is discriminating against the students of South West Khasi Hills District.
He said that a thorough study has been conducted at the Bhabha Atomic Research Center and it has been found that there is no risk to health.
Thus the presence of the Jews now in their own land in Israel shows that the time of God's war is near, because God is using Israel to fight against her enemies, and Israel itself will win.
He said that there are people who live in fear and there are cases where the people have had to take the law into their own hands as happened in Shangpung in November 2022 where four robbers were arrested. was bombed to death by the crowd.
Image by -Rita-👩‍🍳 und 📷 mit ❤ from Pixabay.
He also expressed his satisfaction to see the encouragement of his supporters who have trusted him and are able to become the MLA of Nongpoh Constituency again.
Chief Electoral Officer FR Kharkongngor on Saturday said that money was seized at three places in Umkiang village, Sutnga-Saipung constituency.
"On the failure of the Pynthorumkhrah Legislator, Bah AL Hek, Ao stressed the need for personal discussion before any decisions, assuring, “We will elect the candidates from within the party, making it easier for women to contest as candidates while ensuring constituency approval.
Shillong: Marbisu FC on Saturday beat Mawlai 4-1 in the First Division of the SSA at Polo Ground.
“They have no right to stop the work because Tiehwieh and Wah Myntang are still the entire border of Meghalaya,” said JYF President Poipynhun Majaw.
This initiative will help the farmers and winemakers of the state to benefit from their produce and encourage self-employment among the youth.
He urged the youth and parents to preserve the uniqueness of the nation in dress, song and dance.
Speaking on the occasion, the EM in charge of Trade and Industry of Jaintia Hills District Council admitted that there are many foreigners who come to trade in the area without a license from the District Council. and there are spirits that are benami.
Khamkhrawkuparu is a child with disabilities and has to use his feet to do anything even to write.
In other words, the Bible itself strongly condemns such unfounded and narrow thinking.
Jowai, Naitung, 07: Today, the second day of the Behdieñkhlam festival of the Seiñraij Jowai, the Kmai Raij has taken the Deiñkhlam from the forest to put them to sleep. in Iawmusiang, Jowai.
On the other hand, AGP Leader Prafulla Kumar Mahanta has already made it clear that the AGP will withdraw its support to the BJP government if it passes the Citizenship (Amendment) Bill, Public Assembly.
The President of the Thangkhiew Kur said that the Kur Dorbar is awaiting a report from the Forest Range Department of the DFO's office regarding the matter.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday launched the “CM Connect” program which will allow the residents to communicate with the State Government at any time.
If a Khasi sells or buys something – ei to the Dkhars who don't know how to speak sentences, we follow the wrong Khasi sentence of the poets, “How much do you sell?” instead of “How much do you sell?” “Maphi shim te ma nga ai," What is this? Isn't it a feeling of wisdom or a feeling of being too clever to show the world that we know the language of others well? It is clear that such people are shyllangmat, the people can count triem count count protect this is just a hard work of us that the Khasi language should be included immediately in the first grade the Constitution of India.
Can we accept if we say, “God has created all things whether good or evil???” The Bible says that when God placed Adam in the Garden of Eden, he forbade him to eat from it. (Genesis 2:16-17) But when Adam and Eve disobeyed God's command by eating from the tree of knowledge of good and evil, they were destroyed. The Bible says, so God said, “They have become like one of Us, to know good and evil” (Genesis 3:22).
He said that this year, the organization has strengthened the rules and regulations to curb the slaughter of fish in the river and its tributaries.
Looking at the allocation of jobs in the state, it seems that the Garo friends are still lagging behind and at that time it is necessary to give them more allocation.
They are mostly seen in the market centers like Iewduh and Khyndailad. The question now is whether these children selling cigarettes have been able to work in another job. They have to support themselves and their families since the 15th of July, 2015 or do they continue to sell beer and sell cigarettes?
The initiative was launched to make the state India's leading startup hub by
Various civil society organizations of Mawthadraishan Circle under the umbrella of the Save Hynniewtrep Mission (SHM) on 6th July took to the streets to call for ILP and carry banners after the Chief Minister. Conrad K Sangma has arrived in Mawthadraishan to attend a public meeting of the National People's Party (NPP) Mawthadraishan Constituency at the EWKHD Stadium. They also carried placards to express to the Prime Minister to implement the 9 issues included in the Save Hynniewtrep Mission such as the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit ILP in the State; to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, to revise the MOU on the border, to relocate the Harijans living in Mawlong Market and others.
Recently, Bah Sniawbhalang personally inspected the stadium together with the officials of the Sports Department and the DPR for the project has been prepared.
“Until now, I will contest from Mawsynram although there have been calls from North Shillong and Nongpoh, we will see later,” he said.
At the time of writing, this reporter has learned that 12 MLAs have decided to stay with Dr. Mukul Sangma.
The SHG also encourages other women to join hands with them so that they too can receive benefits such as training in financial matters.
The ANVC and ANVC (B) signed an agreement with the central government last year to disband the group and return to the path of peace in Garo Hills.
In the first match, KL Bajoria College beat Umshyrpi College by 29 runs.
Those candidates began to stir up trouble and mislead the people.
Last year, the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation (MTDC) had charged T.2.00 lakh for the land, but the good news is that now they will not charge any more and will become one of the groups to take part in this festival.
The IRCS distributed the sleeping bags on Saturday at a meeting held at the ground floor of the school in the presence of School Managing Committee members Dr. H Talang and Pynhunjai Talang. Speech was delivered by Arki Lamare, Head Teacher of Shilliangmyntang Secondary School and also by Ohiwot Laloo, Secretary IRCS, West Jaintia Hills Unit.
The goal is that the important languages ​​in society related to the identity of the people should be preserved or translated into the Khasi language. a foreign language.
“This area has been affected by the inhabitants of the paradoh parasnam, the farmers have been tortured, if the state government has not issued an order, it cannot be done now. He said that the farmers were happy after he told them about the promise of the KHADC to set up a gate but now it is like a lie and he is ashamed to go. to the border area, and after learning of this promise, he phoned the EM several times without receiving any reply.
The intention is that the RDA will nominate a joint candidate for the upcoming MP elections,” said Pangiang.
“Now I will send an inquiry into whether the District Council has released T.87 crore to the MCCL. “We have spoken well, we have spoken in the Assembly but this MDC has been lying and lying,” said Bah Titos. is to revive the VAB and other issues for the country and the nation.
Besides these three doctors, Dr. D. Suting from Mawkyrwat CHC, Dr P. Khardewsaw, RBSK MO from Ranikor CHC and Dr. G. Nongsiej, MO from Ranikor CHC were also present. HYC Mawpait Tlongpleng has also conducted a Clean and Pick up Program in which 18 children have participated by picking up the garbage and putting it in plastic. the weight of many kilograms was the winner.
“It is true as it appears in the news that I have spoken to Roshan over the phone but the conversation has not reached anywhere,” he said.
He said he was very pleased with the initiative of the Prime Minister of India, Narendra Modi, who has increased the allocation for sports in India by four percent. I am confident that such sports grounds will continue to appear across India and will be able to promote shooting.
If that expectation doesn't come true, it won't last for decades.
"I suspect that this is the work of people who are contesting the election, I suspect that it is the people of the opposition candidate, I don't know if they have an intention to kill or whether they have an intention to accuse me of carrying bomb in the car, I don't know what they mean because I too used to speak against and speak against the MLA of West Shillong, Bah Paul Lyngdoh. know that this time they will always lose.
Shillong, Lber 22: U Minister of PWD, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar has sent back a written reply to a question regarding the blockade by the army on the PWD road on Shyllong Hill which happened yesterday. inside the House of Representatives.
The NGO from Hyderabad has been in Shillong outside Shillong Law College since 2013 as an agent to send young men and women who wish to study at the Shillong Law College. in the field of hospitality and spa.
Statute- Dorbar Act A law passed by the Legislative Assembly before deciding on the enactment of a full law which can be implemented in the society of the stateVeto – Bortaitaiñ the power vested in the Lamphang or any other head the dorbar for the purpose of rejecting or repealing any law passed in the dorbar, if it is found to be lymbiang or dkoh in its implementation in society.
Nongstoiñ: MeECL has been able to speed up the construction of electricity in Umwali village in Langpih area with the initiative of the police and district administration of West Khasi Hills District. that the residents of the village have been able to ring and tan electricity.
Shillong, July 20: The Congress MLA and MDC from Nongstoin, Bah Gabriel Wahlang on Tuesday said that the Congress party will support the National People's Party (NPP) only in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council. (KHADC) is not the MDA-II Government led by the NPP.
The President of the United States (US) on Friday announced that Sweden will soon join NATO. Speaking from Colorado Springs, Colorado, Biden has warned other countries about the and the danger and challenges that await them from contemporary Chinese and Russian practices.
There are about 150 illegal shops in Ladrymbai village alone and 300 shops sell illegal teams.
He said that the Catholic Church's efforts to clean up the Myntdu River and release fish seeds is a good example for others to follow to protect the Myntdu River.
This was decided at the Executive Committee meeting held on Tuesday.
On the other hand, the union demands that the government should immediately provide for the hospital, that is, to appoint all the staff who should work in the hospital from Grade IV, Ward attendance, residential areas. staff Nurses, public toilets to expand the building and to provide rooms, from the room where the doctor should sit and examine the patients and others.
If their bags are delayed or canceled by the airline, they must complain to the airline and also to Blue Ribbon Bags within 24 hours of the plane landing.
“Now the Congress has made a video against the NPP and has created misunderstanding among the people, but the truth is that we are taking this very seriously, in order to resume the coal mining in the State and we are also looking at ways and means not to damage the environment”.
Assam also lost the opening match against Manipur and lost the tournament, while Mizoram and Manipur were the two teams from Group 1 who reached the semi-finals, but To hold first or second place, these two teams will have to face each other on Thursday.
However, at the same time, Bah Dohling said that he has not yet received a letter from the MLA. On the other hand, Nongpoh MLA Mayralborn Syiem has demanded for the Umden Block. Lambor Malniang also demanded the Nongkrem Block.
The country is one and therefore we must have a vision to completely solve these problems.
Therefore, the Seiñ Raij Tuber invites all the people of Hynniewtrep to come and witness this celebration on Shad Sukra.
Therefore, as a precaution, it is advised that those who are physically weak should take care of themselves,” said Kong Ampareen.
These are the problems that can lead to famine or food shortages in the days and times ahead if we do not see far ahead.
This year Chris will be seen in several new films.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Balajied expressed his satisfaction that Mawmluh Village has received this project for the development of tourism which will be of benefit to the residents and especially to the villagers. in the case of the young men.
Headquarters, November 28 : Mr. Vincent.
Shillong: U Abhishek Banerjee, National General Secretary of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) on Friday, while speaking at his election campaign, urged the party candidates in Ampati and Williamnagar to The voters should not only go to cast their votes, but should also reject, express their opposition and punish the leaders of the NPP-BJP. who have turned away the people of Meghalaya.
Stressing on the role of digital media and innovations in providing health services to all, the Prime Minister said that they are very helpful in bringing order in our steps because patients from all over the world places can receive quality care through tele-medicine.
St. Michael's Higher Secondary School together with Balawan Higher Secondary Education have organized a special program for the students of Class XI and XII of these two schools as well as for the students of Mawrong. RMSA Higher Secondary School on NEP 2020 and Common University Entrance Test (CUET) on 23rd June
If such dorbars can be convened, the future of the heritage will grow and understand to have the spirit of love for the race, the land and the country will be happy.
However, the Seng said that as there are rules that the government has to implement, it is necessary to expedite the ban on the infiltration of foreigners.
Shillong, Lber 26: U CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit on Tuesday said that from now on, no foreign companies, groups or individuals will be allowed to set up business within the border. The KHADC has not received the approval of the Council.
The land owners and the union will continue their opposition until they get their rights.
There are currently 57 MLAs in Mawryngkneng, Mawphlang and Rajabala constituencies (Garo Hills).
It was during their third meeting that Nick decided to marry Priyanka and their love began in Greece, where he proposed to Priyanka. .
Nongpoh, Lber 03: The Umroi MLA, Bah Damanbait Lamare, has sent a letter to the government for the improvement of the Kurkalang Stadium in Bhoirymbong. They also requested the Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma to take action to improve the stadium as one of the suitable sports grounds for the development of sports activities for the youth. within the state.
CIPS has invited entries for the CIPS INNOVATION AWARDS 2023 from these states and UTs. In this regard, CIPS has received 117 nominations. 106 of these experts were invited to demonstrate their skills.
John 4:21-22.
Nongpoh, Nailar 08: To prevent improper driving and without following the rules of the Driving Act, the Nongpoh Traffic Branch has launched a search operation. Public vehicles to be controlled in accordance with the rules of the traffic law for those vehicles which violate the traffic rules laid down by the government.
The aim is to guide the youth to become self-sufficient through the knowledge and skills they have acquired,” she said.
The number of cases in the past 18 days has been highest in India, compared to Brazil and the US, which have the highest number of cases in the world.
Both the teams had each other chances to score, but could not convert them until the end of the first half and had to share 1 point each.
Investigation revealed that they had planned to detonate the bomb in Garo Hills and hid the weapons in Umling.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the company officials admitted that the purpose of registering Aadhar is only for the employees. PF) of them, when when they resign.
He said that Bah Sanbor has sent at least 300 letters to the Union Government and has met at least 12 times with the Union Ministers for permission to build the road. They didn't build in that place.
With 15 minutes left in the first half, India continued to take the lead with Boby Singh Dhami scoring once again in the 46th minute followed by Amir Al. the PC who improved the team to 14-0
Prestone said the people should examine the way they (other political parties) criticize and throw stones at the NPP. (NPP) Prestone Tynsong has said that Amit Shah's statement that if the BJP comes to power, they will appoint a Special Task Force headed by a retired Supreme Court judge to investigate the case. On the other hand, Bah Tynsong said that the NPP accepts any investigation by the CBI.
He said PA Sangma as an MP for 30 years, and as a Union Minister and Chief Minister of the state has a better understanding of the state.
Shillong, Naitung 23: A grenade exploded at the gate of the State Revenue Department at Daina Dubi, North Garo Hills at 6:45 pm this evening.
The development in the field of knowledge should improve and develop the country and the nation but it seems that it will be stalled due to the lack of jobs and we have not been able to produce many entrepreneurs. (entrepreneur & businessman).
In his letter, he urged the government to release the funds which belong to the state as this salary cut has affected more than 20,000 households who are SSA teachers and employees. George also sought clarification on the reasons why the central government has not released the funds which belong to the state.
We are concerned that the letter dated 7th November, 2022 will undermine the reputation of IIPHS. Therefore, you are requested to delete/remove this letter as soon as possible,” said the Director of IIPHS & IIPHS Society Member Secretary Prof Sandra Albert in a letter sent to Deputy Secretary In-charge Education Bah D. Lyngdoh on 3rd July.
She also urged the leaders of the political parties to appoint Booth Level Agents, in order to improve the working relationship between the Election Office and the Political Parties.
This does not end here, besides that OM PER 222/72/163 of 28 June 1974 allowed that the 40% quota allocated to the Garo people shall also apply to non-Garo candidates and candidates. who is outside the State,” he added.
If I am wrong, I will accept it, if I am wrong, I will think about it.
“The NPP strongly condemns this action of the Prime Minister, which has come to light many times, and it is up to the NIA to conduct an investigation,” James said.
Shillong: Police are investigating whether there are others involved in the theft of money from the Mawkhar Presbyterian Church.
The PFC has agreed to lend to MeECL after the state government has agreed to take over the MeECL which is in dire financial straits.
They were so well prepared that the fire could no longer reach the tree trunk.
The doctor didn't speak English.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Synod has announced in the services of many churches that the members of the Presbyterian Church should not be afraid of the Aadhaar number. and that beast as many believers especially in the rural areas are afraid to do Aadhaar.
Even the valleys and small rivers catch fish when the water is high, because the fish climb together in the valleys.
In addition, it will have to implement the new promises it made during the elections.
Regarding Pastor PBM's statement, the HNLC has asked how the Prime Minister (Dr. Lapang) can blame the Central Government, which the HNLC has blamed for his inability to convince the UPA government. Dr. Mammohon Singh was arrested.
Shillong, July 18: The Village Defense Party (VDP) of Pomshutia village today seized 500 billion of Khasi kyiad illegally sold within the boundary of Pomshutia village. S.Khongsit, Vice President VDP, said that these 500 bottles of kyiad were intended to be sold illegally within the border of Pomshutia.
The village now has 64 households and 436 heads of population, 210 males and 226 females.
This year also marks the 131st birth anniversary of Dr. SR Rangathan.
When it comes to this disease of explanation, I have to explain as follows:
However, the Civil Hospital Shillong cannot treat even the most serious diseases, while outside the state like Vellore, Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai and other places in Dkhar, they can treat them safely.
The total number of cases in the state so far has risen to 1,318 and the death toll has risen to 1,4
The electricity department can turn to AT Mondal as he has more knowledge and understanding of the working methods of the department as he has been in charge during the previous Government, especially as he himself is a Karikor ( engineer).
Unidentified robbers in the past few days have robbed the stones marking the Kilometer on Khanduli Hamren Road.
Former Sohryngkham MDC and BJP Vice President David Kharsatia will contest as the party's candidate from Nongthymmai Constituency.
Participants came from all over the country including St. Anthony's College, Umshyrpi College, Synod College, St. Mary's College and Women's College Shillong.
Mawkyrwat, 'Naiwieng 23: As a sign of condolences and sorrow over the killing of precious lives in a place on the border with Assam, Mukroh village, West Jaintia Hills District today today two organizations including the Federation The FKJGP and the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District and Mawkyrwat Circle have hung flags on vehicles and also on government offices in South West Khasi Hills District. Hills District.
Almost all households have their own land to live on and farm, unlike many villages in Ri Khasi and Jaintia who are landless villagers.
Shillong: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) today suspended the Syiem of Sohra Hima, Pa'iem Freeman Sing Syiem.
MeECL said that the pre-paid meter has been accepted by all countries in the world and there is no doubt about its operation.
Collinsius Wanniang, in his speech, expressed his deep concern especially when it comes to our Khasi-Pnar country where many of the youth marry at an early age.
Jowai, March 28: Police in East Jaintia Hills District have arrested Dwis Phawa of Mupyut village on suspicion of involvement in the murder of his wife on Sunday morning. and the body was brought to Synrang.
For the first time, those who failed the selection test in 2019, will be allowed to sit for the examination in
Pastor I want to know when NEICC was started and how it was Why was the 10th of October chosen as the special day of NEICC I want to know when NEICC prayer day was started?? and who started it first?? and how do you celebrate prayer day?
Shillong: U Prestone Tynsong, Symbud Myntri Rangbah, on Tuesday said that Meghalaya is the best state among all the states in the North East in terms of the ability of the residents to to prevent the spread of Covid-1
On the other hand, the members of these groups urged the government to issue a clear explanation whether this 5,000 rupees is the money or assistance that the members of the groups will receive.
WJDSA Hon General Secretary Ma Lamma Too Laloo said that the winner will go to the state level and the winners from the state will be able to lead at the national level.
Samla Lumlang Kharsyiemlieh President HYC WKHD, said that it is a pleasure that thousands of people have joined the HYC.
Antonio said that the government's actions in these days are like wanting to hold Municipal Elections or to introduce other forms of governance to abolish the village authorities. MDC Congress which holds the ruling party in KHADC but will not raise issues in the state government which holds the same Congress party.
Jowai, 06 Nailur: The Traffic Police of Jowai today honored a driver of a tourist vehicle who rescued a passenger who fell into a vehicle on Treiong-riang JAD Road. 31st January this year.
Shillong, July 23: A letter signed by CM Jha Chancellor CMJ University has been sent to the President of India, New Delhi.
The elders say that many of the Tomy soldiers (American and British) arrived in these areas.
He said that in the month of July, the villages bordering South Garo Hills in Maheskola area have been severely affected by the heavy rainfall which has forced people to stay. only within their village.
The Meteorological Department said that the rainfall has started to decrease, but heavy rainfall is expected in Himachal Pradesh in the coming days and in Uttarakhand will continue for the next four days.
It is reported that on the 26th of November there was a stone throwing and shooting between the Pnars of Lapangap and the Karbi.
The writing of this letter is not intended to insult or insult anyone but to express how sad we as residents are if we lose this river which has served us for many years.
The training program on the topic, “Rat Diengkhong on alcoholic beverages, starting from the beginning” was attended by parents, youth and school children of Mawkyrwat. They have benefited greatly from the training they have received through the explanation from the health department, police department, NGOs along with the advice of some of the elders of the village.
The Deputy Commissioner and Chairman, District Disaster Management Authority, East Jaintia Hills District in a statement said that the presence of Cyclone Yass in the Bay of Bengal has caused heavy rainfall in the area. you District.
She is currently on bail, while the father of one of the deceased has fought against Thakur.
It is clear in a letter and notice published on 27 July 1923 on the intention to establish the Khasi National Dorbar, “You know now in India there is a great upheaval and struggle that the Indians themselves they shall rule over their own land.
At the same time, HDR Lyngdoh said that to prevent violence against women, the government has set up Anti Trafficking Units in four districts including East Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi, West Jaintia Hills and West Garo Hills and have also appointed Special Police Officers under the Immoral Traffic Prevention Act
“There are 37 doctors at Sir Ganga Ram Hospital who have tested positive for covid.
The new price of 200 tyngka per ticket will come into force from
Email: sdo_amlarem@outlook.com.
Sethi said that if Pakistan decides to move all Indian matches from the tournament to central stadiums, neighboring countries should also used the same section during the World Cup 50-over tournament in April-November this year.
New Delhi: The number of cases of coronavirus in India has risen to 52,952 with 1,783 deaths, the health ministry said.
Nongpoh, Lber 20: Although the President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) in Ri-Bhoi District, Bah Donbok Khymdeit, who has resigned from the party, he has not said or expressed anything about which party he will join after he met with the leaders. The UDP in Ri-Bhoi district has resigned as party office bearers today, but the rumor is that these resigned leaders will join the NPP which is the ruling party in the state.
After that on the 7th, the seven students went back to the residence of PVC, at 3.15 pm and there they threw stones and destroyed parts of his residence, said a statement from the PVC. The wife of PVC, who was alone in the residence, was frightened and shocked and called her husband, who was on his way back to Tura. After that, at 4 pm, the same students assaulted seven of the students. said the statement.
Meanwhile, the Director of Makarious Medical Center Mairang, Dr.M.Syiem, in his speech, urged all to have a spirit of compassion for the residents with disabilities. member also.
Shillong: "Before we didn't see the world, we lived in the rural areas like that, but now that we have seen the world, it has changed completely, in speech, in story, in dress and in behaviour," said U Pastor. MJ Skhemlon, speaking in the past few days, commenting on the lifestyle of people in this age.
The voice of many churches and leaders of various political parties these days is loud, in which they say that if he does not have billions of dollars he is no longer able to contest elections these days. and it is also true, because as in the 2018 election, almost all the leaders who won are businessmen who are also rich.
He said that the trucks coming from Jaintia Hills although they have completed the weighing of the goods under the weigh bridge at Sohkha cannot be released even after receiving the challan from the Transport Department because the government has not issued any order. to release these trucks which have already been loaded from the weigh bridge and until now they have to load these trucks which came from Jaintia Hills.
If the BJP wants to show that it is not corrupt, investigate from now on and include those MLAs who are part of this corrupt MDA government as Amit Shah has admitted,” she said.
The Mawlai MLA said that earlier the beneficiaries of this scheme in Mawlai constituency were only 10% but now they will get 100% and this will provide bills to many poor households in Mawlai. other.
Shillong, July :The Dorbar Shnong Lawsohtun, Shillong in a statement through Bah H.Rynjah, Rangbah Shnong, strongly condemns the incident of assault on a 15 year old boy at Lumparing Stand. The Dorbar Shnong has urged the law enforcement agencies to investigate the incident on the night of the 2nd of this month. and to arrest immediately all those involved in this crime.
Application forms can be obtained from the KK Enterprise Mobile Store, Umsning.
However, it appears that the plants produce a lot of rain, and that rain turns into rain.
L.P School, Wilton Marak, Headmaster, Daram Govt.
During the inspection, the union found that dozens of foreigners who came to buy biscuits did not have proper documents, but came to smuggle illegally into the area.
The main purpose of launching this website is to improve the working methods of U Peitngor, which is necessary according to the demands of the times and era.
He praised the Deputy Commissioner A.Baranwal who has a close relationship with the people of the district and who has worked hard to bring about development in the district.
How many times during the rainy season for many years, the land of the indigenous people has been flooded into the compound of these soldiers, until we found a sign board that says......DONOT ENCROACH FUTHER FROM THIS At Anjali Pump, the military base is on the north side, but every year they bring signs and turn them to the road.
Kharkrang questioned the promise of the We Card and said that the scheme which has failed in West Bengal is known as the Lakshmir Bhandar scheme.
“As a woman, I have traveled around the Khasi-Jaintia Hills in the past to have a proper law on the registration of jait, to empower the Dorbar Kur, to recognize the Rangbah Kur but the sad thing is that “What we see is that they are the same ones who come out in the name of the national movement, they are the same ones who call for patriotism and who want to completely change the customs and traditions of the Khasi Khara”.
David said the NGT's order not to have garbage dumps for hotels is because hotels in Shillong have been dumping garbage from the garbage dumps, toilets and toilets. the streams of the rivers, which have polluted the rivers.
It is the spring season and there are many marriages and how beautiful it is to see that young people are willing to give glory to God and seek His sanctification in connection with this matter. is the greatest part of a man's life because it is from this part that they begin to build their own family and to have children who will be the future of the family, the family, the village, the nation and the country.
“We shall find in these pages the extent of the missionary work he has done.
The Hynniewtrep Idol Season 3 of the Hynniewtrep Idol Season 3 has concluded at the Grand Finale of the Hynniewtrep Idol Season 3 held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Mairang.
The 18th Open Badminton Tournament will be held from 5th to 10th June at the Indoor Hall of Seiñraij Jowai (Ryngkaw Ground) Jowai.
Furthermore, 38 Government Departments and 5 UTs have submitted information in Part A or Part B, 22 Government Departments and 5 UTs have submitted information in Part A (100 percent schemes specific to women and 31 Government Departments and 4 UTs have reported in Part B (30-99 per cent) the allocation of funds for women.
It is learned that the Chinese troops strengthened their troops after the meeting between the troops of the two countries on 8th July sign, which shows that the talks with China are one, while its activities are going on.
The National Law University of Rajya Sabha MP Dr. WR Kharlukhi has been appointed as the State President of the NPP. Many hours of discussion was held at the meeting to discuss the reservation policy, and finally an Expert Committee was set up to look into the 51 years old resolution on the recruitment policy. The Chief Secretary of the State, Donald P. Wahlang, has issued this notice through the Personnel Department of the State Government. As amended in P.E.R.222/71/138 issued on 12th July 1972, the question now is who is right or wrong and who is wrong. Many of the far-sighted and intelligent elders and especially those who have covered their heads with white clothes have spoken clearly about this reservation policy.
The Jaintia Tribal Traders' Association (JTTA) has expressed its concern over the closure of garbage at the District Council Market in Iawthymme, Ladthadlaboh, Jowai.
"Bah Ronnie Lyngdoh while asking additional questions regarding the heavy traffic jam along the road which has affected the residents of the villages in Upper Shillong and other areas. He requested the Government to immediately build the Western Bypass Road to solve this problem.
Erwin K.Sutnga in his speech said that the Supreme Court on the 18th of this month has fixed the deadline after the 20th of July for the hearing of their case on the border dispute with Assam.
He knows well that even the 10th class has not passed or what is known as matriculation.
The father of these children is a day labourer and has been living with his mother in Mawprem since the death of his wife. son and daughter-in-law only 2 months after the death of her husband.
"“I don't know, Kongthei, I don't think we should leave here.
He said that in the first list sent by the party to Delhi, there are about 8 women candidates which makes up 20% of the candidates. “They are educated, have a good rank and are hardworking,” said Bah Vincent.
On the other hand, the General Secretary of the party, Bah Richard Makhiew, said that the party has gone to demand this because of the large number of educated and unemployed children.
Because it reveals the nature of God as King.
The frequent fete in the villages not only affects the livelihood of the villagers but misleads even the young children who have to focus on their studies or work sun.
" Kong Dapmiar said. Kong Lumspah slowly lifted up her feet and Kong Dapmiar died on the road.
There is a feeling of criticism because some MLAs/MDCs have done well in their constituencies.
The meeting was attended by the Sordars of various villages in the area including the Hima rulers like Bah Phlowel Syiem, Syiem of Nongmynsaw Syiemship Hima and others.
In another development, members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) Jaintia Hills District Education Cell led by Justice Paul Lyngdoh met with the Principal of Kiang Nangbah Government College, Jowai regarding the admission of students. lost admission to the college.
He urged the leaders, relatives and government authorities to assist and expedite the relief measures.
Shillong: U Conrad K Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that what some people living in the Iewmawlong area have claimed is wrong, because the Sikhs living in other areas in Shillong have no problems and live in peace.
After reviewing the report, Dr. Boss explained that he should be treated for three years or more to cure the disease. to stop immediately from eating meat, drinking milk, drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes.
During the election campaign, Dr. Mukul did not mention the name of the Congress candidate Himalaya Shangpliang but he campaigned for the party and mentioned the work of the party. has been done to bring about various developments across the neighborhoods and regions of the state.
He said that he had met with Syiem Freeman and the Syiem had promised to bring the key tomorrow, the 30th of July. the people who came with him were in the Hima office.
The JHADC today held its Dorbar Lyiur where these four bills were introduced.
Parents should also take good care of their children, especially those who are still children or teenagers. that they should not take food or drink, even among their neighbors.
“The Government should think and create assistance so that these athletes who have been selected to lead in various fields will no longer have to seek assistance from others and will focus on this task. play," said Franky.
Shillong, June 07: “We are ready to take up arms and become a gang for the sake of the country and the nation,” said Bah Donbok Dkhar, President of the Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITA) at the 10th Anniversary of the Union. , which was held on Tuesday at the Assembly Hall of Jaiaw Shyiap Lum Pyllon.
India have won the SAFF Championship 2023 after beating Kuwait in the final on Tuesday evening at the Sree Kanteerava Stadium in Bengaluru.
A total of 50 employees took part in the strike out of 61 employees in Shillong.
Others, some speak and some don't speak.
In Ri-Bhoi, the police outposts are planned to be upgraded to Mawroh Market and Byrnihat Police Station.
Shillong, Nailur 26: Leaders of HANM, including the Rangbah Shnong, Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi and Garo Hills have been arrested at 2.15 pm today. The meeting was held at the residence of the President of the party, Bah Lamphrang Kharbani, at Mawkasiang.
Speaking to reporters, he said that Defense Minister Amit Shah has sent the Special Director of CBI and several officers to Manipur and today with the support of the Army, Assam Rifles and Police. , we have arrested 4 persons involved in Churachandpur.
Yellen also praised the efforts of the governments and central banks of all G20 countries last year to curb inflation this year. .
He said this was revealed through information received from some leaders who found that the Army wants about 8 to 10 acres of land in New Shillong for the construction of the Airforce Naval Base. Housing Board.
However, the presence of Indian Premier League (IPL) batsman Tilak Varma to score 64 runs from 50 balls led the home side to victory.
The Congress leaders said that the creation of ST status for the Christians was done with the intention of depriving them of the rights they have received through the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution.
So far, 168 people have died and 7,667 have been infected in Bangladesh.
Nongpoh, Nailur 06: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Tuesday met with the Medical Superintendent of Civil Hospital Nongpoh, on the grounds that the patients face problems only when the electricity goes out. electricity, because the management of the health center cannot even provide a generator during the power outage.
In addition to the night curfew; The DC's Office, East Khasi Hills, has also clarified that the entry and exit of people from other states to other states except skilled and highly employees is prohibited. Skilled Workers' who have received permission from the government authorities and shops open shall be only a few recognized by the government and shall open only at the times determined by the district authorities.
“The investigation team will be allowed to extend the investigation but it must complete within four months from 28th November,” the High Court said.
Whether to implement the new constituency MDCs is up to the government to decide after the approval of the Governor.
Confirming that she did not need to send for a post mortem, the mother said, “We don't have anything, so what can we do?
Riangtem said that after the government had dismissed the job, when he returned to the village, the elders of the village and the parents of the children school, they asked him to continue to go to school, because in a few months the children had to take exams.
Earlier this year, the Club was located in Nongthymmai SC.I has worked hard in the task assigned to it and the Club has grown.
The annual fair, organized by the ITFAA, is not only one of the festivals in the calendar of Shillong but also a source of income and exchange of ideas in the city. business.
Bikash expressed his gratitude to the state government for promising to provide land to Tripura for the construction of these houses for the residents of Tripura.
Today, 800 Palestinians with foreign passports and 300 Americans began to be evacuated from the conflict zone in Gaza.
Recognizing the need to improve the construction and facilities in Baghmara where patients from far away like Maheskola, Mahadeo, Rongara and Siju can receive treatment, Conrad Sangma said the government proposes to set up an additional 150 beds through the new Project.
In an immediate follow-up, the team raided his residence in Lumparing and seized gold and Indian rupees worth T.3.96 crore, which is believed to be the money obtained through this illegal gold trade.
Dr.C Lyngdoh MLA Umsning, Bah Successful Lyngdoh, Bah Rocky Marweiñ, Bah Badhok Nongmalieh, Rangbah Mawtnum and others.
After the arrest of Meban Talang and Sambun, police have arrested Jimmy and recovered the Mahindra Pick Up of Pynkhreh Surong from Tyrsad, East Khasi Hills District.
Shillong: There have been 28 new cases of Covid-19 in the state today, the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek, today said.
The groups of teachers who filed a complaint against the state government, on 21st November 2023, came to inform about the status of the complaint against the notification of the state government, which banned them The state government has taken the case to the Supreme Court.
About 2,15,866 households have received Functional Household Tap Connection (FHTC) and the Government's target is to provide adequate water to 5,89,888 households in rural areas. sometime in November of 2022.
Two-time Commonwealth Games champion Saina Nehwal will not take part in the upcoming World Cup qualifiers, according to reports. to select the qualified athletes to represent the country at the upcoming Asian Games.
