While the Khasi asked, "Are you a Bhoi or a War, a Maram or a Lyngngam?" I have a part to play in school work.
Speaking to media after filing his nomination papers before the Returning Officer of Nongkrem Constituency, Dasakhiat bha Lamare said he is confident of winning up to 200 percent because he has worked well in these elections. He has been serving as the Member of Parliament for Mawhati Constituency for three years.
This issue is not only the responsibility of the Chief Ministers of Assam and Meghalaya but the responsibility of the two states,” the Forum demanded.
Touchline will once again host the North East 3X3 Challenge 2023 in Shillong.
“The states in the North East have the right to protect not only their uranium resources, but also to protect them from the illegal entry of foreigners which is essential for the heritage. of the children," he said.
“We are in the midst of the struggle to implement the ILP and without unity it will be very difficult and this is an example of unity among the residents to develop each other through mutual understanding,” he said. Let Samlin Sleep.
They should inform the government about the basic needs of the village, such as drinking water, adequate paved roads, electricity, schools and colleges and especially health.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, Bah Nazaroius Lamare, today visited several villages in the border areas to inspect the roads of the Ri Bhoi District. Meghalaya which connects with Assam, so during the inspection, the Chief Superintendent of Police, has closed all these roads which connect Meghalaya and Assam.
Speaking to reporters, one of the women said that she has prepared more sales so that it may not be enough until the polling day.
There are about 7,000 villages in Meghalaya, the state has 7067 ASHA workers, where each village has at least one ASHA worker with the aim of providing quality, efficient and effective health care to the children. people in the countryside.
According to the police website, Bah Paul, who is also the Working President of the UDP, has lodged a complaint when groups of Facebook users have posted articles and accusations against him in ways that damage the dignity of the UDP. Police are conducting an investigation into the incident and will take the necessary action.
Pragya Thapa, 15, a Class X student, committed suicide by hanging herself at her residence in Bharaul village. It is about 250 miles from Kathmandu, Nepal.
They will receive T.10 per kilogram of plastic and T.23 per kilogram of bitorplastic.
In the final match of the first round, Madan Thadmuthlong beat Royal Pole Mihmyntdu 3-1 at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium in Jowai on Thursday.
“However, I don't know how many times the committee has discussed and taken action on this issue, but as it turns out now, I can't say that the committee has taken action. The State Government wants to take action to ensure that there is no problem in the implementation of the Commission. The Government can appoint IAS Rtd as the Acting Chairman of the Commission to run the Commission. “It's a good idea to have a job,” said Bah Malai.
This situation has left the MDCs from both sides in darkness.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that the program which was held at the venue, was very appropriate and it is also worthy of praise to the office of the Syiem of Jirang and the He said that the tree planting should not be celebrated only on the 5th or World Environment Day, but in view of the environmental conditions, it is time to plant trees every year. and to celebrate World Environment Day every year.
China is currently doing this in terms of relations between civilians and security forces.
Speaking to media, the Chairman of MJACCV, Bah Wandonbok Jyrwa said, “As the state government continues to ignore our demand, we have decided to call for a strike. It will be held from the first day of the month on the 15th of this month.
According to the elders and Rangbah Shnongs of the area, the purpose of the meeting was to discuss two important issues, namely to express their opposition to the Another topic of the meeting was to discuss the border settlement between Assam and Meghalaya in the area. no that's it.
Shillong: After clashes in Them Metor, Motphran, Mawkhar and other parts of Shillong, yesterday, clashes continued between the people and police in parts of Shillong. Mawkhar, Motphran, which extended to the office of the Syiem of Mylliem Hima and near St Dominic's School, Mawkhar.
There was an incident that a house belonging to the sohpet kha of the village was bombed when the road was constructed later but the road remains the same.
Paidang said that since 1997 he has nothing to do with the HNLC because after his arrest and release from jail he has not returned to the HNLC. “In 1997 I was arrested, I have left and I have never returned, I have nothing to do with the party, I don't know its strengths and weaknesses,” he said.
She was always the pride of the family.
Several people were injured in the incident after a clash between Mizoram police and Assam residents at Lailapur, Cachar.
The release was reportedly decided by a Singapore court.
Rani said the three blocks including Mawryngkneng, Shella-Bholaganj and Mawsynram have not provided the information he requested through RTI on the implementation of the Swachh Bharat Mission since July last year.
Thus a message of hope was proclaimed to all Israel.
To strengthen the traffic laws in Jowai during the school hours for school children and request to allow vehicles carrying school children to pass through the roads. except for the lack of schooling of students.
Referring to his defeat in the MLA election from Saipung Sutnga constituency in the NPP, he said that the MP and MLA elections are different because in the MLA elections he comes out late and has to campaign in the NPP. The MP, MLA and MDC elections are different from the MP, MLA and MDC elections, because those in the districts are related to culture, in the state issues and development and someone in the country should formulate policies and the people of the state should be wise enough to vote in various elections.
HYC Shella Area Unit on Tuesday led by President Aibok Swett, General Secretary Seiborlang Diengdoh, Vice President Batyngshain Natep together with their members to join hands in the fight against Covid-1 Today, 25th June, Shella Village and surrounding villages have conducted a medicine campaign.
Lyngdoh said he will seek clarification from MePDCL on the agreement with the company and said, “I am not clear and I have not said that it is good. I haven't said anything wrong.
President – ​​Kong Dawyoowanphi
The Khasi are the people of Myndi.
On 12th July 2022, MJKA members won 26 gold, 14 silver and 2 bronze medals in the 9th Northeast Jeet Kune Do Championship held at Cotton College Indoor Stadium. Jeet Kune Do is a martial arts invented by Bruce Lee in the 1970s and was first introduced in Meghalaya by Bah Donny R Ranee in
The Chief Superintendent of Police (CSP) in a statement said that when the police went to conduct investigations, the parents of these children, most of them were employees. They reported that their children had been robbed by the robbers.
Not only that, the government has also suspended the allocation of funds for the proposals sent by the MLAs under the Construction of Rural Road Program (CRRP) scheme which is part of the MLA scheme.
Meanwhile, Bah Donevan Kharwanlang, on the other hand, reminded the people of the work he has done as an MDC in the last five years including the registration of 30 villages within the border area, the revival of The MCCL which is the food source of the people of Sohra and the schemes which it has been able to bring to many villages through the Special Assistance which the District Council has received from the Central Government.
Regarding the increase in grant-in-aid, the government needs to spend Rs 5.11 crore to implement the decision that the state government has already taken and the grant in aid will be implemented soon.
The house of Santosh Thapa, which is located at Nepali Compound, Rilbong, has been closed from today. to prevent the entry and exit of the house.
However, if the committee can submit its report in time, the election will be held as usual,” he said.
The rally was held in many parts of the district including Senapati, Ukhrul, Kangpokpi, Tamenglong, Churachandpur, Chandel and Tengnoupal under the banner, 'Let's all unite' 'The Meitei are not minorities, they are SC, OBC and Brahmins', 'there will be no protection from if the Meitei get ST status', 'the minorities in Manipur unite', and others.
Sources from the UDP said that there has been no presidential race or any candidate within the party for the post of President but the election of the President will be decided by the party. the thinkers of the party.
“We are deeply saddened by the incident in Manipur and we also pray for peace and stability in the region.
Basaiawmoit said this while replying to a motion on the role of the district council in the acquisition of land by Sohra MDC Donevan Wanlang.
Three ATM cards, EPIC and PAN cards were seized from Iawmusiang, Jowai on July 19 at 6 PM.
Our children should receive a proper education in well run schools, not those that have been appointed by teachers who have been appointed because they “recommend” politicians.
On the other hand, SP C.Syrti in his speech urged the VDPs to have a close cooperation with the Police so that they can fight against crime. Provide assistance to VDPs with touchlights and other equipment necessary to patrol the village.
He urged the party leaders to stand up for the struggles because there is a time to rest and there is a time to come forward in the struggle. knowledge and understanding in any activity.
“When I talked to my mother, he said he was at Stand Mawngap and my mother told him to go home,” she said.
In the women's category, Larishisha Dkhar of East Jaintia Hills won the Best Goalkeeper title and Nazarine D. Sangma of West Khasi Hills won the Best Goalkeeper title.
He said that if the Presidential candidate is willing to promise to fight for the rights of the people such as not to violate the rights of the people in the employment, to fight to expedite the pending case, to strengthen the AITC will support the scholarships.
If the investigation is conducted and if it is clean and impartial, the jails in the state will not be able to detain all those involved in illegal activities related to coal.
According to police, Momin is involved in forging unregistered and re-registered vehicle license plates in Meghalaya by deleting chassis numbers and others. other special needs.
Shillong, July 27: The Full Bench of the High Court of Meghalaya today heard a complaint that illegal coal has reached the illegal Coke Factory in Shahlang.
These wild animals were seized by the state police during a search operation on the road.
In recent years Adidas has partnered with Kanye but it was because of the singer's words and actions and at the same time his comments on an incident that many decided to boycott him. things produced by this artist.
Regarding the demands sent by the party to the government, its leaders had met the Governor on 30th March this year, where the Governor promised to take action. “However, as the government, we have not seen any sign yet that the Governor will take action,” said Starwin.
According to a statement sent by the KSU Wahthapbru Unit, “We have seen that until these days, the police department has been trying to destroy the flag of the KSU. They have been trying to intimidate the members of the party by bombing, imprisoning and even taking the lives of the members of the party. All these things cannot undermine the leadership of the party and the strong foundation of the members”.
The Behdieñkhlam is celebrated by the children of the niamtre, Together with the religious rituals.
The order was issued after the West Jaintia Hills Health Department recommended that Nongthymme Ialong village should be quarantined as a micro containment after there were cases from the village which required contact tracing.
Previously, the countries of the world feared overpopulation.
Shillong, Nailur 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) tomorrow 14th November to hold a public rally against the Ordinance, Draft Bill of the Government and any laws proposed by the Government. to issue on khadar administration if it is an Act within the jurisdiction of the District Council.
In North Garo Hills, six grounds have been improved including Rari Stadium for T.7 lakh, Gabil for T.8 lakh, Menadoba for T.7 lakh, Tingba Aruak for T.11 lakh, Manikganj Sec School for T.6 lakh. bad to Khera Galram Galram T.7 lakh.
Williamson Sangma and accepted a state without borders.
Dr. Mukul's remarks came after the DC of Ri-Bhoi District has ordered the residents of Dam Umïam to be vigilant as the water level has almost reached the danger mark. and the water may be released at any time.
Kim, 39, had tears streaming down her cheeks as she sat next to her husband, Kanye (43).
“According to preliminary investigation, it was learned that the child was stabbed about 16 times and her head was also broken after she was assaulted by the robber.
The legislation for the villages and Rangbah Shnongs is the responsibility of the District Council under the 6th Scheduled under para 3,” said Bah Bindo.
Explaining the decision, he said that the comments and suggestions will be included in a letter which the KHADC will send to the National Law Commission before 14th November to oppose the UCC. The Ministry of Law and Justice is seeking comments on the UCC until 14th November,
Police are investigating to track him down and arrest the suspects.
Shillong, March 25: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday demanded that the Education Department of the State Government should immediately inspect the Government Schools which lack teachers and repair the Government Schools in the state. South West Khasi Hills District and Mawsynram C&RD Block.
And no one can change what he has planned.
He said that the protest will be held with placards and slogans to condemn the government and the NHAI. The deterioration of the road is not the first time, but for many years.
“I urge the Chief Minister to look into this issue so that our farmers can benefit by forgiving their debts,” said Bah Shangpliang.
The ban on e-cigarettes includes all aspects including all electronic nicotine delivery systems (ENDS), heated tobacco products (HTP), e-hookahs, and other types of devices.
If any of these are not implemented, the CAB bill will be implemented.
Uttar Pradesh will poll in nine consecutive rounds on 10th June, 14th June, 23rd June, 27th June, 3rd October and 7th October.
In such cases, it is the duty of the media recognized by the Registrar of Newspapers for India (RNI) and other government departments to come forward to announce which news is right and which is wrong.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HK Marda, Director of Marda Industries Private Limited, said that the company will look for ways and means to resolve the issue. route, in order to reduce the pollution caused by this Company.
The winners will receive Rs 7,000/- for the first prize, Rs 5,000/- for the second prize and Rs 3,000/- for the third prize.
Nongpoh: U Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Congress from Nongpoh, on Tuesday congratulated Dasakhiatbha Lamare, MLA NPP from Mawhati, on his success in his work for the benefit of the people of Mawhati. Mawhati Constituency and the District as a whole.
Guwahati, Naitung 28: A suspected ULFA(I) militant today detonated a grenade in Paltan Bazaar, seriously injuring 14 people. affair.
On the second day, the BSF held a program at Don Bosco Khliehriat and Sacred Heart Secondary School, Byndihati where students from various schools including students of St. Anthony's (Extension) were present. you are in Byndihati.
The words bakha and parakha should be understood thoroughly so as not to conflict in the workplace.
Shillong: Shillong received 47.1mm of rainfall today while 25.6mm today.
Mention the lack of health facilities in your village and the lack of schools.
The writings that Eric N. Newberg has read and criticized are (i) Two Million Signs of Times, by Harry J Steil, (ii) Who is the rightful owner of Palestine? by Ralf Riggs and (iii) Israel’s Answer to Critics, by Albert Hoy.
Lewis Bareh, Archbishop of the Church of God in Moosakhia, also offered a prayer.
"It's like telling them they're terrorists first and you'll get the reinforcements and this is bad.
It is one of the most important and difficult issues.
On this occasion, the Hailakandi District Court has sentenced and convicted the youth for his involvement in the kidnapping and illegal marriage of the child.
Paul also criticized Ardent's actions as encouraging the rule of the people, not the rule of the people.
However, recently, Bah Leston decided to return to the Congress party after talks with Congress leaders.
Because they couldn't protect themselves, they called their owner (Trai Truk) and when he came, the toll gate employees shot and injured the owner.
According to Lalengmawia, on Tuesday, the state government has also been able to evacuate 86 residents of the state who were stranded in Imphal; 34 people arrived in Aizawl by bus after landing at Guwahati airport and 52 others flew from Imphal to Kolkata.
Wow wow, if the students who take various exams are not allowed to carry mobile phones, why not at DSC? This is indeed a terrible corruption.
Theodore Moallem, also known as Ted, is a supporter of the Blind Lead Trust and has been arrested on charges of raping Ranee Kharsyntiew.
Shillong: Former Salmanpara MLA Winnerson D Sangma on Thursday joined the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at a meeting held at the party office.
The Rajya Sabha MP urged the people of Block-I to try to resolve the border dispute with understanding and peace.
He suggested to the Government, MPs, MLAs, MDCs and District Councils to build a museum in the capital of the state and to set up mini museums in each district to preserve, maintain and preserve the museum. traditional musical instruments of the 7 trep tribes and of the Achik and other tribes in the state.
She said that she has been involved in the tree planting activities and has also visited the elderly people who live in the elderly homes in the city. soul that sees that parents are left behind in old age".
The Academic Council is the supreme authority in all aspects of academic education, including the date/year/session for the implementation of the new curriculum, in accordance with the NEHU Act, Statutes and Ordinances. These rules are for the benefit of the University, the students and the State of Meghalaya as a whole.
S.Chetri was rushed to Nongstoin Civil Hospital for treatment.
Arwotki Sumer, the leader of the Seinraij Jowai, is concerned to see that as the days go by, the children of the seinraij have become increasingly ringsdot ringswai and as of now there is only 11 percent and behind this there is a question mark. ong, why do you turn your children to other religions?
On the 19th March, the First Division match will be between Mukhla Evergreen and Moosyiem Shangpung at 12.00 pm.
Due to the lack of anyone to see, the students of Tura Govt College have repaired it themselves.
On this occasion, the JSU also honored Pro.
These cell broadcast alert systems have been installed at each telecom service provider.
Some of the dances include the Chad Laho, Chad Sukra and Chad Kul Pliang from Jaintia Hills while the dances from Garo Hills include the Wangala, Ruga, Hajong and Koch dances.
Life and Water Connection: Let's look at the relationship between water and life, by emphasizing the great role it has played in the environment, health and others(emphasizing its role in ecosystems, health and overall well-being).
This type of disease can also affect you if you are sad or depressed.
Veronica Paton (Lumparing SC) won the Best Player Women's – Baphinrisha Kharsamai (11 years old) while the Best Player Men's Veteran – Niwan O Gatphoh (West Jaintia Police) won the title. Tenzing Khriem (63 years old).
From that night on, Hep stayed with Lydia in her house.
The Custom Department seized Methamphetamine (WY) tablets worth T.2.23 crore and arrested two persons involved.
A marathon, a performance of traditional musical instruments, flowers, and mock drills were held to train the public on how to help the villagers in case of disaster. The Meghalaya Home Guard in collaboration with a team of troops from the National Disaster Response Force.
He concluded by saying that by the end of this month, the government will also consider the National Games so that they can hold such major tournaments from time to time.
After being ordered to bat first after losing the toss, Meghalaya managed to score only 32 runs in 21.5 overs or 131 balls for the loss of all wickets.
Shillong, Naitung 27: U Bernard N. Marak, MDC of Tura Constituency, who was arrested by the Uttar Pradesh Police from Hapur District on Tuesday, has been brought before the Uttar Pradesh High Court. Province.
Now we have to move on.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wellborn Bynnud, said he was surprised how the JAC said to repair the road while the signs are not visible.
The flute was played by Nelson Rangell, the guitar was played by Kasper Jalily and Paul Jackson and the pre-mixed was played by Gyeong-mo (South Korea).
Tynsong made this promise during a meeting with the leaders of the Meghalaya State Editors' and Publishers' Association (MEPA) today (October 27, 2020) at his office at the Main Secretariat.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the Jaintia Hills District Council (JHADCSA) Ma Thombor has decided to go on strike indefinitely due to non-payment of salary for seven months. Shiwat called an emergency meeting of the Joint Party Committee of the ruling MDCs to discuss the matter on Friday.
The seized clothes were handed over to the Custom Dawki office for further investigation.
The government is not unclean, but it is filled with corruption, greed, corruption and violence.
The question now is, what do the Dorbar Shnongs do when there are such incidents that disrupt the society? What do parents teach their children when they walk around in their own right to play in the streets every day? These are questions that concern the society and the people who are willing to work hard for those victims who have been addicted to drugs.
Therefore, these two sides have been fighting and showing force from time to time, from one side to the other of the border, but this fighting and show of force has never affected other residents of other countries.
He said that if he wins again, he will fight as hard as he can to demand from the government to extend the road to Kyrshai, because if the road reaches Kyrshai, the Brahmaputra Board. He as the leader of the HSPDP and the party as a whole, stands firmly against the Brahmputra Board to dam the Khri River.
In Laban they gathered about fifty inches, and in Sorah they gathered about fifty inches.
Italy players: Donnarumma, Di Lorenzo, Bonucci, Chiellini, Emerson Palmieri, Barella, Jorginho, Verratti, Chiesa, Immobile, Insigne.
“Yes, you have the Catchment Area Protection Act.
The Syiem of Sohra Hima, Paiem Freeman Syiem, said that the Hima Sohra and the people of Sohra have always considered the MCCL to be a source of income for the people. .
The KSU has alleged that there are many houses illegally built in the estate without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong, Kenches Trace, Oxford Rilbong or any other authority. .
She said there was no doubt that the authorities of the prison where the woman was detained had done their best to look after the health of the woman.
Therefore, Fair Price Shop Dealers are directed to obtain permits from the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) Office and complete the distribution of rice by November 10, -Post machine through online mode at your center without fail.
The State Bank of India, located at 3mer, requires a school identity card and a school certificate for an 11-year-old child. school, requires a birth certificate, requires a voter ID card of the parent and if the voter ID card is in another place where they do not live; Therefore, a certificate from the Rangbah Shnong or electricity bill within six months is required and if they do not have these documents, they cannot open a new account at the bank in Laimer.
The juice of this jhur is the most prominent in its ability to benefit and help lose weight.
However, as of now, it is difficult due to the lack of adequate office and it is difficult for the government employees to provide good services to the people.
In the fighting, which lasted about three hours, the member of the party fell from the bullets.
It is right from the beginning to the District Level.
Therefore, we should not be accustomed to calling “leaders" the servants we elect to represent us.
But she is at hand" Revelation 1:3
We understand that the ruling party, especially the NPP, which has 26 MLAs, has increased its numbers because of the large number of people.
Rumi Lyngdoh alone scored four goals for Diengshynrum SC to win and qualify for the semi final of the 2nd Division Football Tournament. Football Association (EJHDFA).
Three days after the clashes between the supporters of the National People's Party (NPP) and the United Democratic Party (UDP) in West Shillong Constituency, Police have conducted a flag march in the villages of West Shillong Constituency. to demonstrate the strength of the law to arrest those who intend to disrupt the peace and order at such a time.
they have the power to influence others to fall into the same trap and dress as they have fallen into.
The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha, today said that the government will set up an independent inquiry into the allegation against the Director of Soil and Water Conservation Department, Bah D Langstieh. longkmie who works in this department as an Orderly Peon.
Tiplem Sumer General Secretary of Seiñraij.
The Government will be more vigilant and will appoint Zonal Officers to monitor.
The report of the Food Safety Officer said that these ice cream factories have violated the Food Safety Standards Act
The bill, which prohibits divorce by divorcing Muslims, has now been passed by both the Lok Sabha and the House of Representatives. National Assembly.
The speaker says, “God never changes and remains the same.
“Rajasthan United are in 16th position with 16 points after winning four, drawing four and losing seven.
Once, I had the opportunity to attend training at the National Academy of Customs (NACIN) in Mumbai.
Two others who sustained serious injuries are undergoing treatment at Woodland WK Hospital.
Besides Dr KB Sahkhar, Joint Director Dr A Laloo and several farmers of West Jaintia Hills were also present.
The meeting was held on the 22nd of July under the chairmanship of Bah JC Diengngan as President of MBCC. ) of West Khasi Hills under the leadership of Dr Eureka, Vice President, GRL Marshillong, Asst General Secretary, MK Mawlong, Lambok Marngar, President of Mairang Block Congress, women and elders. young people from the Block.
You can use grease in a hit and run case.
The union also warned the central government that if it remains silent on the implementation of the UCC without looking at the customs and traditions of the region, it will lead to protests as witnessed during the protests against the UCC. The Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) has been passed into law.
Hitler persuaded the Germans that they had lost their greatness because of the more intelligent and commercially successful Jewish people.
The humidity was 94 percent in the morning and 67 percent in the evening in Shillong.
He said that the Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on Tuesday released its agenda for the NPP government. elections to the Lok Sabha.
“As the party, we do not agree that foreigners should manage the land of the Khasi and take money from the Khasi themselves,” said the statement.
About 20 students of the college were seriously injured when they were beaten with sticks by the police.
The young girl, who lives with her father in Ludhiana, but when she arrived in the village, she started wearing jeans and this made her father a little angry. you are your kni.
I believe many of us have heard the speech of a leader of the country who spoke many years ago about Nagaland, in his speech, he said that “ I want land, not the people of Nagaland.
Dear friends, please avoid alcohol because if you are drunk you will not be able to drink it again.
The source said that the turnout of thousands of people on that day shows that they have expressed their trust and confidence in the Dorbar Shnongs which have been established since ancient times. encourage the leaders to move forward with their goals.
In terms of numbers, it is easy to see that with a 7.8% increase in GDP this year, the goal of having a $ 5 trillion economy is one that will be achieved before 2026-27 (excluding no if there are large upward movements in oil prices).
Referring to education, Bah Moodi said that many of the villagers have become educated and have been able to work as police, company workers and others.
Police have not yet determined the reason why the woman killed herself and her children.
This is what we did wrong.
BENGALURU: The curfew in various states has affected many churches, but the Karnataka government has assistance for the people of the state.
Babul Supriyo – Minister of State in the Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change12.
The Chairman of the Managing Committee, Pastor WC Khongwir, Chairman of the Managing Committee, Pastor WC Khongwir, announced that the KJP School does not want to submit any petitions or demands. to donate to the government for the flood victims in Garo Hills.
These forests witness the age of the trees planted since ancient times, and there is also a strong prohibition from the village warning the villagers not to remove or cut down the trees in this forest because there is the agreement with Suidnoh who was the Ryngkew chief of this place.
HANM has urged the government to take action to address this increase in the price of commodities for the benefit of the people.
Every year there is a special goal to celebrate the World Environment Day.
At the same time, the Court has directed the State Government to take action to close down the garbage dump at Marten.
Relatives of the deceased said that the attackers went from one house to another.
Captain T. Hodyson Dykes was born in Sohra in
According to AHAM, Assam has seized documents in connection with the (suspected) case of land dispute between (L) Akash Ali and Shan Kumar Hajong. in the Assam High Court, on the other hand, which led to the decision of the High Court in favor of (L) Ali.
The interviewer said, 'Thank you very much, because whatever you go through in life, you put God first and it is something that as human beings we should remember. mo, I want to ask you again whether this is the job you have dreamed of since you were a child or is it yours, you have just found it?', replied Kong Kyntiewlin, 'since I was a child I have dreams and I don't. I don't think I'll be like this now, that I'll be a singer, that my songs will appear, there are other dreams, like my work and I also think that this singing is something I enjoy, I like to sing, it makes me happy when I sing, and in other jobs I want other jobs to be, I want other jobs, not this job', asked the receiver. interview, 'Tell us about your journey, where you have been or where you have performed or where you have performed at big festivals whether inside or outside the state?', 'First eh, I started at school, after that, there were competitions that we did here in Ri-Bhoi and after that, when I moved to Shillong, I got to take part in Meghalaya's Got Talent, then I reached the final and I was the finalist of Meghalaya's Got Talent 2018, and after that, I also had choirs, I joined choirs, we went to sing around Shillong, then I had “It's a country band, we used to sing all over the country at Cherry Blossom Festivals, then there are weddings, we went to many of those festivals in Shillong,” he replied. you are the King.
I called but I didn't answer.
The incident happened on the night of November 5, 2017 and the leaders of the Sengbah ki Nongshat Nongkhein, have lodged a complaint with the police.
Mimu is the son of Nidol R. Marak and Sonila T. Sangma.
On the other hand, in this age, it is not right to rely too much on government jobs because not everyone can be employed, but the youth should also work hard for themselves by taking various schemes. The government has laid the foundation for them to stand on their own feet and provide employment to others because this is the only way to eliminate unemployment and not government jobs.
Helpme Syntem's goal in the 43rd minute gave Ladthadlaboh a 1-0 win over Sohmynting, while Demthring beat Dongmihsngi 1-0 with Olanroi Suting scoring in the 58th minute.
They also blocked the roads of vehicles which caused the drivers and traders to suffer huge losses due to the raids by the BSF. They are left without any assistance to lift and replenish them and this has made it difficult for the traders to rearrange the goods which takes many hours and causes a huge loss.
They reject the sharud of their feelings that he or she is speaking bishni or looking for trouble.
Inningsstar tied for 190 runs for the loss of five wickets in 18.5 overs to win the title. Lukhu K Anal scored 26 runs from 15 balls while Deepak Purkayastha scored 63 runs. 48 balls to win the Player of the Match award.
However, the question has arisen from the people, that if the government cannot provide electricity to the factories that are not able to operate, it should have another way of thinking about the hospitals that are in dire need. until then.
He said that the first step is for the vendors to have an EPIC issued by the Election Department of the country, and also to have certificates. to prove that they have been citizens of Meghalaya for three years.
Thus, King Ambhi of the kingdom of Taxila, just because of his hatred of Porus, welcomed Alexander and handed over his kingdom and his army to attack Porus.
When we are still stupid to elect leaders, we should be so difficult for these leaders of ours...We also elect MPs like buying rice.
The group today said before the CEM that the JHADC has the full right to pass its own laws for the mining of mineral resources under Article 244 and the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution. in India.
She added that we need to follow the protocols laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
This great man taught the path of non-violence against the British Government and against its authorities in those decades until we gained independence in August 14, 1947.
The United Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, which was established in 1982, does not have its own boundaries.
Shillong: The Assam Government this morning at 8 pm through the Road Department together with a puh shi lum forcibly entered to improve the road in Salpara Umsaitwait villages near Athiabari. 600 meters to the Meghalaya border with the assistance of Assam police to patrol them for the construction of the road.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
This problem has happened not only in Shillong but in Meghalaya as a whole.
The Shoh Thyndai – in the more remote villages started today and will continue until Friday morning before taking the colors or rot to the Pung Biar kyntang at Tuber Kmai Shnong.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement said that at 2 pm today, its members planted an IED bomb. Soo Kilo, which falls under Sutnga District.
On the 9th, police have arrested two coal trucks (AS-01CC-6413) driven by Md.Jiaur Ali and a truck (AS-11BC) from Lumshnong. -6895.
The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Prestone Tynsong on July 5 said that the party will soon hold a meeting to discuss the issue. to participate in the last Lok Sabha elections.
The incident happened while the woman was walking home after coming home from the funeral home. Police of Umsning Police Station immediately after the incident. immediately went to the scene to investigate.
Other speakers at the meeting included KSU General Secretary Donald V Thabah, HNYF President Sadon K Blah who said that the ethnic conflict in Manipur is a common occurrence. from time to time, but the past governments, either from the state or central governments have taken steps to control the situation properly.
“This is just a political drama and it is a scientific trick of Marak to get sympathy from the people and to forget the facts revealed by the police.
The Jaiñ Ryndia of Meghalaya attracted local and foreign visitors at the G20 Summit held in Delhi.
The earthquake struck the Tamenglong area of ​​Imphal in Manipur at 4:35 pm and lasted for several seconds.
The families who belong to their own religion, remain in wonder, remain in darkness, they don't know how to think what will happen to them.
“What we have received two months ago, there were Rangbah Shnongs who complained that some vehicles came in at night to carry people but it was difficult to arrest the soldiers,” said Bah Latiplang.
“Shortly after the arrest of these two vehicles, another vehicle of civilians went near the BSF station and they were arrested. The soldiers came out to talk to these people which led to a clash between the two groups".
(c) Vehicles shall park away from the place of worship which has already entered through it.
Similarly, to complete the Nongstoin-Maweit road which has been standing for many years and to complete the National Highway Shillong-Tura.
The Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang has announced a fine of up to T.5000 for those who spread garbage without finding it.
The CSWO said that on November 10, 2016, the footpath at Upper Klew was constructed only at a height of two feet and a half inches by the contractor.
Isn't it right to be rngiew once by the owner of the village?
Shillong, Naiwieng 06: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the joining of Bah Field Marshal Mawphniang to the BJP by claiming to be the leader of the UDP is not true. He said that he had come to join the UDP after being expelled from the Congress.
The government has decided to increase the fares of the Shillong Public Transport Service after protests and complaints from the public against the fare increase since 1st July.
He said that in the past three years, 39 students of the area who are MLAs have paid their tuition fees to continue their studies in the Graduation Course. students who still need help in their studies even on his part he is willing to open the door for providing assistance to them.
A source from Bah Hopestandard Myrthong today said that when you look at the DD News or read the newspapers, you will see that the Chief Minister Conrad Sangma has lost sleep over the increase in the price of song. Bah Mawrie, President of the BJP in Meghalaya, has been honored, knowledgeable, courageous and stronger than the Chief Minister. According to experts, in 2023 the BJP will spread to Garo Hills and replace the NPP and Conrad Sangma will lose power. However, the BJP under the leadership of Bah Mawrie will stand against the Chief Minister in 2023, it will be Bah Mawrie and not Conrad Sangma.
Self-declaration for those who do not have a local taxi in their name.
As believers, let us remember and honor this good soldier of Jesus Christ and as a nation as the Father of Literature in the Khasi Language.
The union said that until now it has not been found out where the virus came from and who brought it, but the government is still counting stingy and the union has said how many people will have to be quarantined if they and the insect shall be cleansed.
Among the 15 candidates, Ajay Dkhar son of Kong Empor Dkhar, resident of Mookhep Village, was one of the top-10 candidates. Before the award ceremony, a meeting was conducted by the President of the Seiñ Kur Dkhar Wapung Unit, Shaniahskhem Dkhar. Hamjhan Dkhar, Dawan Dkhar, Teras Dkhar, President of the Kur of East Jaintia Hills and others.
The first final match was played in the 3rd Division between Lawsohtun CC and Metallica Rising Stars.
And we are also the inheritance that saw these events according to the Word of God, we are the inheritance that saw the fall of the fig tree (Israel).
Furthermore, at the meeting, the party warned the people of the area not to accept the development that comes from Assam and at the same time the party urged the people not to have two epics from Assam and Meghalaya, but should accept only the epic of the Meghalaya government.
The disappearance of the BNP leader has sparked a heated debate in Bangladesh between the ruling and opposition parties as well as from the family members who have been confused. Nepal's earthquake has claimed more than 8,000 lives and injured tens of thousands of people. An earthquake has struck Nepal on Sunday. The earthquake struck four times a day, but after Sunday, another strong earthquake struck the country, claiming 42 lives and injuring 1117 people.
He said that the people in these days have understood clearly the failure of the MDA government, no matter how much it says.
The death toll has risen to 2 and both of them have not been vaccinated against covid.
Marak, Director of Higher Technical Education, said that the state government has already sent the documents regarding the salary of SSA teachers in the state. which has already reached the Ministry of Education of the Union Government and the Government has yet to wait for this money.
“The BJP should know that its term has come to an end, so to say that it will destroy a well-established party like the Congress is like a slap in the face even without looking at its strength. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Joplyn S. Shylla.
When he reached the forest, he was chased by a snake and sustained injuries to his ear and shoulder.
She said that there is no committee or government authority to ensure that the drugs are no longer available.
According to him, ACHIK also attended the meeting.
The AMPSRA has decided to suspend the sale of cattle from 1st to 7th June.
Hikaidame Bareh scored the goals for Rymbai Skhenshynriah in the 5th minute and Roiboklang Bareh in the 96th minute.
A similar tournament was held in Shillong in
Officials of the CBI team said that there have been new questions that will be raised during the investigation in which the investigation team will investigate the movement of money and the presence of the wickedness of many who have been accused.
On the other hand, the police have taken the necessary steps to conduct an investigation to track down the suspects.
A PUBG player from Gujarat has called 181 in Gujarat, saying she wants to break up with her husband because she wants to have a baby with her lover. She reportedly married a construction contractor when she was 18 years old and now they have a daughter. .
“Now the party together with our new leaders have promised that we will not give up, we will not turn away and we will move forward to fight for the goal,” said Bah Pala.
The emergence of the Voice of the People Party before the elections has shocked the old political parties who did not expect that the party would win up to four MLAs. Only the VPP and NPP have announced their candidates, but it is understood that the Congress will nominate Bah Vincent H. Pala as the candidate for this election. Parliamentary Seat.
Nongpoh, March 17: The Karbi Cultural Society Meghalaya Zone in collaboration with the All Meghalaya Karbi Association (AMKA) has decided to hold the 31st Zonal Karbi Youth Festival with the aim of showcasing the richness of the Karbi Youth Festival. traditional culture, customs and traditions of the Karbi people especially to bring love and friendship among the Karbi youth.
The UDP has nine MLAs after winning three mid-term elections including Shella, Ranikor and Mawphlang constituencies.
On the morning of 18th June, police said that the youth tried to escape by carrying a bottle of kyiad belonging to one of the two men.
The KSU raided the Shelter Home on Friday evening, after a video was circulated on social media, showing several young men and women injecting drugs at the Shelter Home.
Shillong: A group of Village Authorities of Syntung Village together with the Sordar of Raid Lyngshing, today came to explain to the public on the incident which happened on the 8th October 2020 when 9 persons were killed. One of them lost his life and two others were seriously injured.
The RJTA said that the market residents have cooperated and now about 60% of the market residents have already been vaccinated and many of them will be vaccinated in the coming days.
The UDP MDCs have said that although they do not like the working methods of the current CEM, they are not willing to speak out.
The program was prepared in collaboration with the DCC and 1-Nartiang BCC, said Rikut N Parien Secretary DCC West Jaintia Hills District. The party has been working in the rural and urban areas as part of the preparations for the 2023 MLA election.
“I am also a tribal but we cannot have the same attitude, tribals should learn.
Mawkyrwat, Jymmang 12: The District Sports Officer (DSO) of South West Khasi Hills District today launched the 8th South West School Sports Tournament. Khasi Hills District Level Inter-School Sports Athletic Meet 2022 was held at Saitsnad Stadium, Mawlangwir, South West Khasi Hills District.
Shortly after, police learned that the body belonged to Lt Shambu Ray (28) son of Lt Rama Nand Ray of Mawlai Nonglum Block-I, Shillong.
He said that if his dream comes true in 2023 as he has contested the Legislative Assembly elections, he will work hard to bring development projects in this village which still needs a lot. that song spread.
Acts 26:9-1
We don't oppose anyone who lives in their own right.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Commerce & Industries, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, said that the Government is waiting for the documents to be submitted by the dewbilat company in Kolkata. collaboration with the Government through Joint Venture.
The party also demands that the investigation into the relationship and collaboration between Mukul Sangma and the Garo Hills rebels should be completed immediately, as he has been accused by state leaders like Purno Sangma of being a common man. Chairman and Chief of all the Garo Hills Police Forces.
It was in 1991, when Somy, at the age of 16, moved to Mumbai and at that time, she had one goal and that was to marry Salman Khan and after a year. , I really had the opportunity to become a young man with U Khan.
Shillong, Lber :The Rasong Sports Social and Cultural Club, Shillong in a statement through its publicity secretary, Bah S.Lyngdoh, congratulates all the students who have passed the SSLC and HSSLC examinations. this examination and that they may reap the fruits of victory.
It is for this reason that the Khynriam, Pnar, Bhoi, War, Maram and Lyngngam words will appear.
“I have already seen them trying to talk, but there should be a real intention on the part of the HNLC, there should be a real intention on the part of the government as well and the central government should be There should be a proper governance system inside and outside the state as they have already signed many agreements with Bangladesh and other countries but the state government has not. “The authorities are not responsible for the insurgency outside the state,” said Pala.
Goa, March 06: Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister of Goa, Dr. Pramod Sawant and members of the State Sports Minister on Tuesday said that Goa has created the history through the 37th National Games, and this is to break the record by including 43 sporting disciplines this year.
LPS, Chilliangraij UPS SSA, Pohmusiang UPS SSA and Panaliar UPS SSA. Experts who came to give training on the importance of drinking milk include Mebel Shylla, Senior Dairy Officer , Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Department, West Jaintia Hills, Mr. E.Wann, Dairy Technology, West Jaintia Hills, while the welcome speech was received by Oriland Shylla, General Secretary Chnong. Chilliangraij, Jowai.
In my opinion, the most important thing for a soybean farmer is the marketing of soybeans.
If Rahul had passed the Ordinance at that time, he would have escaped the loss of MP status immediately after the decision of the Surat High Court.
During her visit, Sangma expressed her concern to the district authorities of various departments for the success of the meeting and said that any discussion that has already been held Today, it will be taken to the relevant authorities for further improvement and necessary action.
Other speakers included Mrs. L. Khongrymmai Manager, District Commerce Industries Center, EKHD, Shillong who spoke on various schemes like PMEGP and others.
The rice donated by Syrosse Lamare amounted to 16 byrni and was distributed to 10 kilos per household.
“Finally, the Waheh Chnongs of Ïooksi Saphai, have also wished Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit a healthy body and also to all the people of Bri U Hynniewtrep. “The demands of the Jaitbynriew will be fulfilled one day with the presence of God for us as the Jaitbynriew,” said the statement signed by Nangaibormi Sutnga. Gino Synnah, Head of Saphai, Clement Pala, Head of Ïawthymmei, Watsing Papeng, Head of Nongryngkoh and MaChesnal Manar, Head of Pohkseh.
to Meghalaya), Bah Jansing.
Shillong: Ryntih SC beat Langsning FC 3-0 in the first leg of the SPL on Saturday. Robert Khongjoh scored 39', Manbhakupar Iawphniaw 47' and Sheen Sohktung 49'
In the second category, Diva Tang won the gold medal, Deborah R Marak won the silver medal and Maanya Kaur-Badaaihun Diengdoh won the bronze medal.
Achiever's Secondary School beat JNV School 1-0 while Ummulong Presbyterian HSS beat Amwi HSS Thangbuli 2-0
“I don't have time to eat Riia.
He said that from the first day, the residents of the rural areas which fall under the green zone in different districts have been allowed to open all their shops while in Shillong all the shops have not been allowed to open. except for auto parts shops and pearl shops.
On the other hand, Bah Ioanis Lyngdoh said that he hopes to win this election and if he becomes the leader he will look after the problems of the constituency in all aspects and for the sake of the people. The district does not have a sixth schedule which is a protection.
Police said there were no injuries in the incident.
When Thomas Jones, the Missionary of the Welsh Calvinistic Methodist Foreign Missionary Society, arrived in Sohra on 18.6.1841, he introduced the Khasi literature. you are "Jain"
Nongstoiñ: Hours after the Minister of Home Affairs, Government of Meghalaya, left after inaugurating the Multi-Purpose Center at Malangkona village in West Khasi Hills, the people of Assam have left Malangkona village. The Mallangkona-Hahuapara road near the Chongga Dare Valley was also closed.
At the same time, he rejected the Prime Minister's claim that the MPF does not have the numbers to rule the state.
Yesterday, the earthquake was slow and only three times, while today, the earthquake was all day long and was stronger than yesterday, the report said.
These candidates also expressed their confidence that they will win the election.
It was agreed that it should be removed from this year; The ways and means of implementation have been left to the Circles and Sub-Districts to consider.
However, there are still those who suggest that the festival should also be an opportunity to allow the youngsters and talented youngsters to perform.
Many people gathered at that time, but the incident could not be stopped.
Ms Syngai urged the managers of the shop and the thrift to keep clear accounts so that the co-operative can run smoothly according to its goals.
Shillong: The District Administration of East Khasi Hills District has banned all commercial buses from passing through Police Bazar and Motphran from November 23, 2013 until further notice. with another.
In addition, through this order, the shopkeepers have been directed to install CCTV cameras in their shops and place them in a suitable place to ensure safety and security and also to ring. to those who do not work in their shops.
Perhaps there are those who have to sit on the floor or sdien or sit in the house.
He said that they cut off his neck but later threw him into the forest and fled.
Recently, in the past five or six days, a live chat video of a Khasi girl from the state has been circulated who said that she is now living in Bangalore.
Shillong, June 3: The Acting Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Meghalaya, on Tuesday expressed his satisfaction with the preparations for the smooth running of the elections in Garo Hills.
Shillong: BSF troops have seized 179 cows from Muktapur, Lyngkhat and Rajai on Tuesday.
“In the past years and times we have gone our own way but after I won as MLA I have tried to do my job and I am confident that The reason why these leaders came to the group is not because they look at me as an individual but because they look at the work and the spirit that I have to work for the constituency.
Meanwhile, on receiving information about the incident, the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) of South West Khasi Hills District and the KSU of Mawkyrwat Circle have sent a letter to the police. They went down bran bran to inspect the bridge which has been cut down and in which the people have been in trouble.
Ruud, who suffered a defeat in the final last year against Rafael Nadal, has now defeated Rune for the fourth time in the tournament. seven games and also overturned his defeat in the semifinals of the tournament in Rome last month.
The Ri-Bhoi Super League was inaugurated by Raja Brahma, Additional Deputy Commissioner, Ri-Bhoi District as the chief guest and Bah Boby Nongbet. In the presence of Bah E Lyngdoh, BDO Umsning C&RD Block, Bah Donlang Sohkhlet, Vice Chairman of MREGC, Bah RB Shadap President of RBDSA and other dignitaries.
“Do we want to be slaves or masters of our own land? There will be no power that can destroy the spirit of man because we understand that our nation is low in quantity but high in quality to be like them. leaders who give body and soul.
Shillong: Sonali Kumari, 17, daughter of Ram Sogarath Singh, resident of DPI Compound, Shillong, has gone missing since November 21,
In the afternoon, all the Kmai Raijs brought their own trees to Ïawmusiang.
Please answer soon, Rupang. I want to go too.
From the first floor of the sum, police have recovered a large number of blankets used to make tyllai.
Speaking to Mawphor, Sandondor said that he came forward to nominate himself to the people of Sohiong Constituency because he wants to serve the people better through politics.
Political parties that focus only on the interests of one ethnic group above others can lead to divisions and problems that can pose a threat to the development of the country".
Earlier, the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) West Khasi Hills District and the FKJGP West Khasi Hills District (FKJGP) on Friday expressed their opposition to the call of the DC. The District's cleanliness program will last for four days, until 1st March 2023, with the aim of achieving clean and safe environments for the residents of the District. district.
On the same day, the Youth Wing will also honor the MLA Mawthadraishan, MLA Mairang and MDC Mawthadraishan Constituency who have fought for the establishment of Eastern West Khasi Hills District which has benefited the people of these two constituencies.
The CMJ University, which operates under the support of the CMJ Foundation, has fought against the FIR filed by Mooshahary on 30th June against the university.
Bah Brol was accompanied by his relatives, leading leaders and supporters of the party.
Langsning XI scored 220 runs for the loss of five wickets in 40 overs.
The two Zonal Secretaries are Mr Moonlight War (Zone 1) and Alfin Sun (Zone 2), Joint Secretaries Jerinda Kharchandy (Incharge Women's Cricket) and Dapmain Rani, Treasurer Aristerwell Suting and Adviser Andreas Khongsit. .
You need to build bridges and Manohar Parrikar is the one who builds bridges.
For more information please call 9862510050/9
in, www.indiaresults.com, www.resultsout.com, www.knowyourresults.com, www.exametc.com, www.jagranjosh.com.
This feeling is painful because it divides the nation between the Christians and those who still hold fast to their traditional Khasi religion.
Regarding the opening of shops in the market and streets, the state government has handed over to the Chief Secretary and Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District to look into whether the opening of these shops will affect the health. the burden of many churches.
According to the government law, all vehicles are not allowed to park in any place, except in the designated places, namely Ladrymbai and Lad Tongseng (EJHD).
In the second half, the match was very interesting as the players even in the middle of the rain showed their skills in the field of passing and also also in the manner of trying to shake the jar.
The union also sent a message to the government to remove all the parking lots for cars and scooters, as all of them are illegal and not just one.
“We want that our demand to resolve the issues will be resolved through a political solution and if they don't comply with our demands they can go to court as they have done recently. ," he added.
Shillong, July 12: The Integrated Development Basin Development (IDBL) together with school children and residents of Pyrnai village on Saturday planted more than 20,000 trees in Pyrnai village on a sanctioned site. and Bah Bise Khongtim.
Therefore, if the government has compassion on the residents and the elderly, it should have cleaned up as soon as possible.
In East Khasi Hills, NESFAS has conducted a participatory agrobiodiversity mapping exercise in Umsawwar and Nongwah villages. , up to 15 varieties of rice have been cultivated.
I should be good, not in Football but in studies as well.
He expressed his appreciation for the hard work of the Assam Rifles in terms of its duties, which is in line with the needs of the present era.
More than 300 nurses from Manipur, who work in Kolkata, West Bengal, have returned to their home state after being insulted by the people of the state.
What has caused more suffering to the residents is the pum pum along the road especially during this time of dry spell. This road has been used by school children, the sick and the people of Raid Madan Kyrdem.
With the support of the State Tourism Department, we have a goal to promote sports in our state and to promote the participation of Shillong in the National League and also to promote the state. in football matches in the country.
However, this time, the Association of Coal Traders has decided to ban the coal trade from the 13th of this month due to the excessive deterioration of the road.
Shillong: U Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, President of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) who is also the MLA of Nongkrem Constituency, while speaking at a public meeting in Jaiaw Central, said: He said that he did not pray for the leadership of a political party, but for the country and the nation since he was a child.
The Chief Minister, N Biren Singh, said that the decision not to renew the Suspension of Operations Agreement is in accordance with the desire to ensure peace and stability in the region.
The winner in the Mawpoiñ tournament was won by PFR and the second place went by Mawphlang Block.
Eating dhania twice or three times a day can help immediately relieve these problems.
Other members:.
“It is my pleasure to first of all congratulate the Organizing Committee, staff, vendors, groups and volunteers who have worked hard in these months to organize the this will be a successful lympung.
These are the words of the thylliej-ksiar of Kiang, which says that if he turns his face to the east, he will soon leave the country; if the snow falls on the seventh day, the snow falls on the ground.
Mollie O'Callaghan, one of the world champions in swimming, has beaten Olympic gold medalist Emma McKeon to win the swimming trophy. Women's 100m Freestyle at the Australian Championships.
Besides JP Nadda's speech, PM Modi also remembered the founders of the party who had a vision and dedicated themselves for the development of the party.
He began to lead her to the market and when he led her, he asked her to tell him if she wanted to buy anything.
The West Jaintia District Badminton Association invites all schools to participate in this tournament.
On Saturday, 130 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed in the state, one of whom has died, bringing the death toll to
After this, the Iaid Pyni Riti was opened by Rgh KS Marbaniang who was accompanied by the relatives and friends in traditional costumes until they reached the Mawkhar Seng headquarters and continued to the Iaid Pyni Riti. The meeting was held at Weiking Square, Jaiaw.
The Government is also committed to achieving sustainable income for farmers and setting targets to increase income especially in the production of shynrai, sying, sohphan. , tit, musla among others.
The image of death is shaped in the mind.
Later, MUDA also lodged a complaint against Bah Banbuhai Makdoh, President of the MUDA, regarding the lockdown.
One day one of the friends of Bah Shanbor came to his house for the night.
On the other hand, the father, in his grief and sorrow over the loss of his son, demanded that the government through the police department should conduct a thorough investigation into the incident so that such incidents cannot happen. “It will not happen again as many Khasi youths are studying abroad and through such incidents it will make it difficult for parents to send their children abroad for education,” he added.
Through this programme, various bank procedures including the benefits of in-bank deposits and other services available through banks were explained and explained.
Not only that, they also decided to hold a protest against this violation of their rights.
In this area, farmers can harvest kwai, sying, sohmarit, pathaw and other crops.
Speaking to media, he said that he has met with the candidates individually to talk to them about their work, their education and their presence in the party. , from the meeting it was clear what the people of the state want.
Sabina said that her husband, Bah Kening, still lives with her and even after she was evicted, he followed her to live with her in Nongpoh.
The Chief Secretary said that due to the existence of the Model Code of Conduct, no decision can be taken but he will continue to read these necessary documents and the matter will continue to be discussed after the 2nd. March 2023 after the election.
Nongstoiñ, June 15: The WKSU has demanded and expressed its full support to the demand of the people of Malangkona to have their own police station in the border area with Assam.
The couple, who live in Hyderabad and are from Rajasthan, had come 10 days ago to look for work. Singh was employed at the marble factory while his wife, Santoshi, was employed. you are the one who lives at home.
When asked what they do, he said that they are all day labourers.
“We don't know until he files his nomination papers whether he will file his nomination papers as an NPP or BJP candidate but not as a Congress candidate because as you know we have our own candidate,” he said.
This Knup is widespread throughout the West although it does not reach East or Bhoi, from Mawkyrwat to Nongstoin, Riangdo, Eastern West in Mairang and Markasa.
From Meghalaya, Deputy Chief Minister Sniawbhalang Dhar, CEM Thombor Shiwat, MLA Sutnga Saipung Santa Mary Shylla and DC, SP East Jaintia Hills were present. Lakhipur Kaushik Rai, DC, SP Cachar and others were present.
The Minister said that the Regeneration Meghalaya Programme, which he launched, is part of the long-term vision and goal.
“The Governor's speech did not mention the measures taken by the Government to take action on the entry of foreigners, the safety and security of the people living on the border,” said Congress MLA from Umsning Dr Celestine. Lyngdoh while participating in the discussion of the speech of the Governor.
Conrad urged the students not to wait for the decision of the UGC or NTA but to move forward in filling up the necessary forms for the Entrance Test as soon as possible. ends January 6th.
Regarding the sudden visit of the Director, Samla Banjop Maring, President of KSU Eastern Zone, Bah Kynsai Nengnong, President of RBYF Bhoirymbong Circle, condemned the incident. Khasi youth, and who expressed that they will continue to move forward in any way, that is, to help in achieving the rights of those youth who have been dismissed from their jobs. he was fat.
This visit was only as a sign of the good deeds to be done for the poor and happiness of Mawlai area and the state as a whole, after these Saturday workers came to KHNAM Mawlai Circle Chief Organizer, Bah BL Nongbri, said in a statement.
“Now if the procedure to arrest illegal coal trucks is improved, the HITO will be next to the Police and if there is a shortage of people we will cooperate with the Police and if they cannot arrest the HITO will go to “It's not like we're going to be able to stop the vehicles carrying illegal coal,” said Bah Dkhar.
The relationship and involvement of the tribes and clans spread throughout the cities, to all the mountainous regions of Canaan, from the mountains of Galilee to the east to the valleys of the Negev to the west. They cannot be newly created and rule independently.
Shillong: The Meghalaya government today issued guidelines to regulate the traffic in East Khasi Hills and surrounding areas.
Speaking to media, Bah AL Hek said that the CMSC through the CMSC will submit a report on their investigation to the central government and the implementer of the project. “The project has been funded by the Central Government,” said Bah AL Hek.
The state team scored 226 runs in 50 overs while Sikkim scored only 167 runs.
He said he did not believe the allegation that the one who sent the demons was evil and the children who were sick said that they were demons and gave them names.
One of the issues raised by KHNAM before the CEM was on the Trading License under Section 10 (2) of the Non-Tribal Regulation Act urged the CEM to urge the Council to stop issuing trading licenses to other ethnic groups.
The MLA, MDC and MP schemes are also not available.
Manoj Tiwari, President of the BJP in Delhi, said that the Indian government has sold piat at T.15.90 per kilo, but the Delhi government has sold it at T.23.90 per kilo. that they make a profit from the price of piat.
Last year, Ankur Das, a resident of Jail Road, Shillong, came 52nd in the examination, which is one of the toughest in India.
He said that the impact is the pollution of the surrounding area from open toilets, plastic dumping and others.
However, because the seispah was still scarce and scarce, it was postponed.
Two residents of Jowai who have a special talent in photography, this job has become their source of income.
“On these dates, many households have no food, no market places, no roads, no shelter even in the heavy rain. “Some of the families don't even have clothes to wear because their houses have been destroyed by the earthquake,” said the statement.
Therefore, neither the household desires nor the scientific techniques of the time can destroy or steal their life.
Km and the total area of ​​the area is 2078.01 Area Sq.
The program was organized by the Meghalaya Basin Management Agency as part of the implementation of the World Bank's Community Led Landscape Management Project.
Hep was pleased with his soul that he had been able to express this to his Creator.
Umphyrnai Sports Club beat Challenger Football Academy 6-0 in the first leg of the UNDER-10 (Boys) Football League The event was organized by the Shillong Sports Association at the 2nd Ground Polo Ground.
This is indeed an age when many of the Khasi have begun to lose their identity, but they have become too attached to the life and behavior of the Westerners.
He said the policy has been prepared after extensive consultation with various stakeholders.
During the programme, the Chief Guest also distributed prizes to the students who took part in various competitions related to the theme of the celebration.
“The allegations that the BJP is anti-Christian have no basis at all, in fact the BJP wants to unite and discriminate against all religions in the country, but now that other parties are anti-Christian, “I have seen the issues and the trust of the people in the BJP, so other parties don't need to accuse anything else, but they have started spreading that the accusation that the BJP is an anti-Christian party,” said Bah. Many Priests.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Ma Deimonmi Lyngdoh said that the Assam Government came on 28th November 2022 to inspect the Langsangti River known as the Ïong-O River for the construction of the BOP Border Outpost.
In the first match, Tympang Club beat Pasyih Cultural 2-1
Therefore, the association through the President once again wishes and prays that God will be with them until they reach Ladakh safely and that in their struggle they will be safe from injuries and until the end. that they may reap the fruit of victory.
The Meteorological Department of India has reported that the rainfall in the past 24 hours has reached 59.8 millimetres, the highest rainfall in the country. the month of November.
It is time for us to unite and sow the seeds of unity to raise our country.
Shillong, July : Oncologists from Kokilaben Dhirubhai Ambani Hospital, Mumbai in collaboration with the Meghalaya Medical Services Association (MSSA) have held a discussion on cancer. with prominent doctors of Shillong, to share information and discuss modern treatment methods and techniques in relation to this disease which will not affect or have less impact on other parts of the body. also.
The WHO report said that in 1980 there were only 100 million cases of diabetes while in 2014 it increased to 422 million cases.
On the other hand, the TMC led by Dr Mukul Sangma believes that it is the leader to contest the elections in the state.
Therefore, what I feel is that although we differ in language, we are a nation and we are like brothers whether they are Khasi, Pnar or Garo.
When the Government of India through the Department of Atomic Energy discovered this treasure, it searched for this land to hand over to the Government. The Kaji-Domiasiat River is very quiet.
They were also appointed to the Haat Management Committees of these countries.
The incident happened on Tuesday at about 11 pm at Donaskur in East Jaintia Hills.
Shillong, March 12 : Various religious groups on Friday decided to start from places of worship to explain to their faithful on the dangers of drug abuse.
I want to stay only in the marketplace, the marketplaces.
Shillong: Archbishop Most Rev Dominic Jala was packed today to pay his last respects to Archbishop Most Rev Dominic Jala.
If we look at the system of governance in both these parts of Rilum Khasi, they were the same, especially before the creation of those District Councils.
The West Jaintia Hills District Executive Force (WSP) has joined hands with the state and the country to commemorate the policemen who gave their precious lives while performing their duties at Jowai Police Reserve.
the red horse and the white horse.
Assam has received Rs 63,158.33 lakh, followed by Manipur with Rs 23,533.33 lakh, Mizoram with Rs 11,850.00 lakh and Nagaland with Rs 32,6 Out of the 13 states receiving assistance, Meghalaya has received the lowest share, while Mizoram, which is the smallest state in the North East, has received the lowest share. and it was seen that the income was not even half.
The SC took this decision after reviewing the report of the House Committee investigating corruption in KHADC from the money collected from the Professional Tax from Nongpoh and Nongstoin. The names of the CEM to Pynshngaiñ N Syiem and Bah Antonio War EM were included in the report.
Nongpoh: As part of the awareness campaign to the public and especially the shopkeepers along the NH-6 in Nongpoh, how to protect themselves from the spread of COVID-19, on Saturday, Leaders of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, have come out to explain to these shopkeepers, that they should not be too close to those foreigners who come to buy from their shops.
It is true that the truth should be spoken, exposed and explained to the public whether it is corruption or misuse of public money, but remember that no matter what happens, we should avoid lying. the household of any person or candidate from the election campaign.
For Keh Do Na, Kashyap has collaborated with filmmaker Kitbok Kharmalki who has produced Dak Bangla.
This is the name of the city of Ynñiaw and Ynñiaw wasung.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has informed that farmers, who sell wholesale and retail, will be allowed to sell their produce from 25th to 28th June. 2021.
Sunn said the Pradhan Mantri Sahaj Bijli Har Ghar Yojana-Sabhagya scheme was launched by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in 2017 to provide free electricity to all households in rural areas and rural areas. longing poor in the city who have a total of 4 crore in the country.
However, Reson Malngiang scored the second goal for Ryntih SC. The game was very interesting and until the end of the first half there was no goal to score.
It is the responsibility of us the people to give our full support to the CoMSO which has taken a strong responsibility for the prevention of the daily infiltration of foreigners and foreigners into this is your state; We have seen that the ILP has been arrested without stopping the influx of people from all over the country especially after the four Tribal States have implemented the ILP. We are not surprised here in Meghalaya, because people from all over India are very fond of our State and it is clear that they want to make our State Tripura. two.
The Minister also announced a medical insurance of T.50 lakh per employee of the health department which will benefit 20 lakh employees of the department.
As a resident of the village we respect and love the village leaders that even until the morning of that incident I did not complain or complain against them, but it is sad to see that they complained and turned against me. "Finally, I urge and request the residents and any groups not to criticize too much without knowing the truth and I urge not to judge biasedly. but let the law itself do what is necessary and let the judgment also judge according to the truth".
How would you feel if you came to preach Niam Tynrai Niamtre or other religions during your service?
Shillong, July 16: A meeting of all political parties to discuss the Central Government's proposal to amend the Sixth Scheduled will be held on 21st July at 2:30 pm at Yojana Bhavan Auditorium. .
So they went up to a high place.
Therefore, the destruction of forests and the environment in the past 25 years has been terrible.
Shillong: The Dorbar Shnong Cham Cham welcomes visitors to the Sahksaw Fish Sanctuary.
He said the ban on beef in some states like Maharashtra has been imposed for income reasons and the BJP government in the states will consider this before taking a decision.
The Congress party recently released the first list of 17 candidates for the 17 district council constituencies.
If this is the case, it will discourage the youth in Ri Bhoi, because their education has turned into a shambles due to unemployment and this is because the authorities have not taken care of them. The statement said that the purpose of the training is to allocate special funds for the youth of Ri Bhoi.
The Assam Government has not released not only Block I of Ri Pnar but also Block II of Ri Bhoi, because of the steepness of the land and the low dew. .
A reminder especially to the farmers in the mountains.
While in college, Bah Swell was said to be a great debater and won the Inter College Debate.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah H.Marwein, first of all, expressed his happiness to see these heroes from Ri Bhoi, who have received the awards for their bravery and At the same time, he said that the receipt of these awards has brought honor not only to the family, but to the district and the state as a whole.
During the meeting, the leaders demanded that the Minister of Home Affairs should implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP) Act in Meghalaya.
Recently, the Minister of Electricity, AT Mondal also informed the Union Minister of Electricity, RK Singh regarding the PSP. The state and these have the potential to generate up to 3,100 mega watts of electricity by implementing pump storage, but what is needed is the funds to do so.
On the other hand, Jaiswal urged the citizens of Nagaland including government employees to stand together to eradicate corruption from the state.
“If the relevant authorities cannot take action after the residents have already handed over their land for the construction and digging of roads, they have lost all their crops. “Therefore, if the authorities continue to act on this issue, the village as a whole will have to pay,” said the villagers. consider other ways and means so that the work can go smoothly and the interests of the people can be protected.
He said that the residents and family members could not believe that the woman would do this to herself, but they suspect that someone else did it.
Shillong, Jymmang 5: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (MCPL) has been cheated by a company known as Maheswari Company Private Limited (MCPL).
Shillong: The State Bank of India (SBI-RSETI) Ribhoi, took part in the celebration of Bank Day on 01st November 2023, by holding a Debate Competition on the topic “Ka The trainees who took part expressed their views on the issue. The opposing team won the title with Bah Pherki Dhar won the title of 'Best Debater'
said Prestone.
He expressed the desire of the 1.4 billion citizens of the country to host this big tournament.
The NPP now has Timothy D Shira, who is the Speaker of the Children's Assembly and will not accept to run the State Assembly until he gets a full Speaker.
A survey conducted by the Community Social Media Platform, Local Circles of the country, showed that about 94 per cent of the residents in the cities have been affected by the floods. this winter season.
What encourages them to do such things is that they claim that their income is low and that they don't need jobs to meet all their needs.
When I look at the son of man, I see that he has forgotten; That there is no God who made him, Who sits on the throne.
The results will be available on the Board's website at www.mbose.
The MPCA will hold a public meeting at the Khasi National Durbar Hall, Mawkhar on the 15th March 2018, starting at 11 am.
“The arrival of coal trucks from abroad, especially Assam which has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic, can pose a threat to East Jaintia and Jaintia Hills as a whole through the truck drivers and truck drivers to spread the disease. Therefore, if the government intends to fill these factories with coal, it should release 2 lakh metric tonnes immediately,” said Shaniahlang Suchen.
The day was enriched by the performance of songs and dances by the students of various schools of Jowai.
HNYF President Bless Dkhar has requested the company, which is owned by Raju Basamasutari, to complete the project as soon as possible.
Several parts of the PA Sangma Sports Complex near the Sewage Treatment Plant and Indoor Hall 2 which is under construction collapsed on the morning of 2nd June.
He said that the leaders of the Hima Nongkhlaw did not attend the meeting.
She has also made soap from the umngap and now plans to open a shop abroad.
According to sources, the cause of the overturning was after the driver of the truck tried to avoid a vehicle passing in front of him.
Police said they will search again tomorrow when the State Rescue Team from Shillong arrives.
In this regard, it is very difficult to spend all the time because those who have and those who do not have will always be there but what we have been able to do from the Government is that the Minister has also promised that shortcomings will be corrected.
Lajong's final match will be against North East United on 7th June in Shillong.
Despite the short preparation time, the church has expressed its regret that the condition of the roads and paths leading to the venue for the Synod is not adequate.
This is just a job, said the scientist.
Sharma's election has deprived former Prime Minister and party leader Vasundhara Raje of winning the seat again despite winning the last election.
It lasted a total of four years and three months.
WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said the number of cases of the virus has risen to 160,000 a day.
Speaking to reporters, Curtis said he doesn't feel the need to go to the Consumer Forum because MeECL's action is no longer a mistake, but a fraud and a fraud. “I went to the police to inform them that this is a terrible crime of robbery from the people and that MeECL will listen completely, if the police take action against the cases of fraud on Facebook and “I believe others will take more attention to my complaint,” said Curtis. He said he had already lodged a complaint on the 6th of this month and the police had promised to take action.
Madhusudan Gupta threw the EVM at the polling station in Guntakal Assembly constituency in Anantapur district.
Reports said that no UDP office bearers have yet come forward to express their desire to become President.
Christmas Bamkhana: In many parts of our country, the Christmas Bamkhana is a place where Villages, Dongs, Kyntoit, Village Churches join hands to show joy and unity. .
The Dorbar Shnongs/Dorbar Elaka should look into these factors which can be the cause of various diseases.
The residents of Jarain, West Jaintia Hills have faced a serious problem in connection with the riots of Jemewell Pyrtuh, Dolloi Elaka Amwi, in which he has violated and attacked the rights of the residents of Jarain.
God answered and revealed these things to Daniel.
It is learned that after the bomb and shot death of the woman, the husband tried to hide the crime.
The driver was identified as Jintu Muni Borah of Kalimandir, Jorabat, Assam.
Saiden Secondary School will represent the state in the 62nd Subroto Cup to be held in Delhi on the 16th of this month.
“We request the Government to increase the unemployment allowance because as we know now, those who have completed Class-X receive the Unemployment Allowance of 10,000 tyngka per month and all the students receive the Unemployment Allowance. song CMSA assistance of T.500 per month.
With her qualification for the top flight, Carolina will now be preparing to face Sabalenka for a place in the final.
With this, Mawlam village will spread to other villages and from there we will be able to promote the customs and traditions,” he said.
He said that this action of the Government of India has severely affected the income of all the coal miners.
He said that the Income Tax will do whatever is necessary without discriminating against those in power if it is found that they are doing it in the wrong way.
The District Level Inter School Subroto Cup Football Tournament 2023 was held on the second day at Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Ladthadlaboh Jowai.
This shows that the police department does not care about the lives of the pedestrians especially the school children who used to cross the road before going to school and after school.
“On the other hand, the SMB officials said that they are trying their best to reduce the smell and like others, they are concerned that they don't want this smell to increase.
To prevent children from being employed in coal mines, the NCPCR has directed the state government to set up schemes for the mine owners.
Conrad K Sangma has alleged that the MLA of Songsak constituency, Dr Mukul Sangma has never come to meet with the government on the issues of the residents of this area, so the government cannot do anything for Songsak. , but the NPP candidate, Nihim D Shira, is a person who comes to talk and meet from time to time to ensure that various development projects are in the area.
Nowadays, all those who build houses do not have a place to dig liewsboh to break jhur, soh snep, spoiled food and so on.
According to Jowai Police, a suspect shot dead UBC/243 policeman Jame Sangma at Lad Stadium while he was driving his vehicle.
“There are about 7-8 members in this new group so we will not forgive them,” said the SP. I will destroy them.
Marketa Vondrousova reached the semi final of Wimbledon after defeating Jessica Pegula of the United States 6-4, 2-6, 6-4 on Tuesday.
In addition, the Riwar Mihngi Football Association invites all villages, clubs and individuals who are interested in promoting football in the area to take part in the Women's League Football and the participation notification period ends July 3, 2023.
The budget has been increased to T.2,362.74 crore from T.1,825 crore last year, an increase of 26 percent from the previous year. was used last year.
In Phase-IV, the project aims to improve the quality of agriculture, to produce more agricultural products according to the needs, and to preserve the environment. mass plantation and other training.
Shillong, July 10: Many people are still in doubt whether the HNLC has announced a 24 hour curfew from 6:00 pm on from the 10th to 6:00 pm on the 11th of this month.
The total number of recoveries has risen to
The woman said that the police were with the mob when he attacked their village and then, when they found the women, they released them into the hands of the police. the crowd.
However, there was a great doubt that HDR would convince these Congress leaders in Nongstoin.
He also mentioned the ease of use of this app as it allows you to send questions and information anywhere.
It is not that we are breaking the law but their investigation is to end the demand for ILP.Rupang: At that time there was also an allegation against the Sengbhalang that they had damaged government property and in memory. Joe Marweiñ: It is true that the allegation from the Government has reached tens of crores. We have to pay up to Rs 35 crore to the Government because many of our properties have been damaged but we don't know how the damage has been done. ask for shaei.
Shillong: The Coordinating Committee of MeECL Employees Association (CCORMUA) has the right to express its views on various issues. MeECL employees have met with the government to discuss the delay in payment of salaries which is the right of the employees.
Shillong, June 20: The Coordinating Committee of MeECL (CCORMAU) has vowed to stage a protest if the MeECL fails to release the salary of the employees of MeECL. October 2023 before the 21st of this month, in accordance with the Code on Wages,
He also promised that the government will take the necessary action according to the findings of the investigation.
The Governor said that the MGNREGS scheme has been implemented in Meghalaya since 2007, through the VEC as Meghalaya does not have a Panchayati Raj System. The Governor also urged the people to work together for the sake of bringing about more development works in the villages.
In fact, the JNC said that the money through this scheme has been sent directly to the bank accounts of the beneficiaries and the state government only needs to identify the families of the farmers who should be eligible for this scheme.
Nongstoiñ, June 20: Leaders and members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council Mawshynrut Circle, have visited the Riangdo Athiabari road which is about 49 kilometers long. This road is not complete.
“We have lodged an FIR against the CBI for illegal recruitment in LP schools.
Kane has not played since 9th June 2019 due to a hand injury.
She said that she has seen that the youth festivals have been held only before the elections but as the Chief Minister she feels that she should encourage the youth to continue to hold good programs to build and bring closeness between the people. the residents.
At the same time, the PAC will also monitor the payment of land fees for the construction of the airport at Umroi.
“Now I am happy to decide whether to employ your Panah to the village or the Sengbhalang. This is the food you drink, and you don't have to bring it to your bapli.
Some of the places are Khliehriat, Jowai, Shillong, Nongpoh, Mawkyrwat, Nongstoin, Williamnagar and Tura.
In the quarter final, Salaroh FC beat Mynsngat SC 9-2. Debor Kesaar scored the first goal for Salaroh FC in the 11th minute and Arlangki Nongsiej in the 1st minute. Wanlamsuk Nongkhlaw scored four goals in the 58th and 72nd minutes, Ernest Marwein scored four goals in the 67th, 69th, 73rd and 78th minutes and Biahar Kharummuid scored in the 76th minute.
On the other hand, the Dalloi of Darrang District said that if the Umngot Dam is closed in these villages, it will cause problems to the people of Darrang District and other villages below the river. It will change the way of life of the residents in these areas and cause a huge loss of livelihood from drinking water.
The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council and the Hima Mylliem opposed the order and definition of the boundary issued in
In an agreement with the party today, Bah Mawphniang with a free spirit was ready to work together to win back the UDP from Umroi constituency.
“We understand that the implementation of the new system requires adjustments here and there in order to overcome the problems.
He said the villages that have been abandoned are Tyllang, Mawlangniang and some neighboring areas, added Bah Lyngdoh.
I don't want to criticize the Rangbah Shnong, Mawsohmad, or the MLAs/MDCs as mentioned by Bah Mebanker Tding because I don't have any reason against them but I feel sorry for them. to those who suffer.
Another match between Tpeppale and Mooknor Thadmuthlong ended in a 1-1 draw.
Other speakers included the Chief Secretary Holando Lamin, MDC, RM Kurbah, D Khongiong and others.
Hopefully all these problems can be overcome with the initiative of our leaders and also with the smooth running of the market so that it will encourage the farmers and youth. of us who have learned to turn to agriculture as a livelihood.
Drug dealers say that this will encourage and facilitate those people who are addicted to drugs.
Bah P Rymmai Beanch Manager explained to the participants about NEDFi and its activities in the North East including financial assistance, training to improve skills in jobs. in the field of agriculture, trade and others.
GHADC MDC from Tura and BJP leader Bernard N. Marak has sent a letter to the Union Health Minister, Dr. Mansukh L. Mandaviya. right, which was met by Garo nurses regarding the appointment of MLHP in the State.
The meeting was conducted by Bah CB Syiem, Secretary of the Dorbar Shnong Ri-Bhoi. Erwin K. Sutnga, Advisor, Rocky Kylla, Chairman, Mylliem Hima and Rangbah Shnongs of Nongpoh.
But because of my illness, I could not go.
Members of the public who were familiar with the forest trail followed and found shoes, blood, a tie on the trail.
During the meeting, the Secretary Shnong took us to the hills where the trees have been planted which have recently been destroyed by the Karbi community, which is about 1 kilometer from the village.
And whoever understands his duty as a Leader, Whatever he does, whatever he says, he does in purity as a Leader.
The two villages that have taken the lead in separating the garbage are Loompyrdi Iongpiah and Chilliangraij.
Diostarness Jyndiang of the BJP said that if the people elect him as the leader, he will bring development works directly from Delhi.
Furthermore, when the election campaign was over, among other things, Maduh spoke as a political pundit by saying, (i) If they speak badly, it will be seen that they are the ones who will not. NPP Bazar Bus and at that time we will send them to the bus and we will not allow them to stand on the footboard. (ii) They will be given only one small bottle of water. that they may not die when they are in prison, while ours shall be put in Syntex.
Jowai: The burial of 15 coal miners in a coal mine at Khloo (Khlaw) Ryngksan, Nongkhlieh Elaka has reached 36 days today. Nothing has been done because it has been too high and the water level has reached 160 feet.
On the other hand, Lamphang said, “It is up to the government.
Also present on the occasion were Director E. Kharmalki, Officer in Charge S Langstieh and JE Urban Affairs KK Srenivasan.
Renuka said she gave the money to a friend of hers, named Johny, and she gave T.15,000 to help the victims of the fire in Mawlai. to any member of the KSU and her gift to him, is because he is a family member of the victims of the robbery, and she knows him well, she said. The allocation of T.15,000 has nothing to do with the groundwater extraction.
When asked how many people attended the public meeting on the two nights, the President of the KSU said that they have reached thousands of people. prepare to attend the meeting tomorrow at Madan Malki.
Then come the TMC, UDP and Congress.
According to Dr Sangma, the funds required from the central government for the AIBP scheme are for the completion of the ongoing and future projects including the Projects Water Resources Department. (T.33.268 crore), the Soil and Water Conservation Department (T.80.523 crore), new projects to be implemented through the Water Resources Department (T.109.51 crore), the Soil and Water Conservation Department (T.26 crore).
The young boy spoke to each of those who were there, saying and pointing his hand, you are sinners, you are a sinner. the same language.
Shillong, Naitung 01 : The Meghalaya Prayer Church Transformation Initiative (MPCTI) on Saturday appealed to the Central and State Governments to end the violence in Manipur and restore peace and order in Manipur. this state.
you have suffered and died.
Aastha, who is one of the 20 students from B-Schools in India who has shown her skills in spending time to complete her MBA degree. Thanks to OP Jindal Group for providing recognition for the award.
The players, coach and teachers were welcomed in Assamese gamcha clothes and one of the volunteers, Bah Elnathan Pale, donated money to the players and school authorities.
Markos Bareh scored the first goal from the penalty spot.
The farmers did not agree to move their meeting place, as suggested by Shah, saying that the plan should imprison the farmers.
Shillong: The All India Football Federation (AIFF) has decided to postpone the final round of the Santosh Trophy scheduled to be held next month in Aizawl.
John F Kharshiing said that the rights of the indigenous people on customs and land should be the same whether in Bangladesh or Assam even between the traditional boundary disputes and the The Chairman, NCST has agreed to meet with the Heads of State in Meghalaya in May
Where is the protection of the residents of Hynniewtrep in the border areas?
In the first match of the U-17 boys, Nongbsap Secondary School beat OM Roy Memorial Secondary School 5-4
If we base it on the wealth to win votes and fraud and misleading banks, the NPP and UDP will be first but if we base it on the trust and love of the people, the Congress will come first.” You have to make sure that there are those who vote on the basis of love and trust and there are those who vote on the basis of money. He said that the Congress will contest in 2023 with people who are strong, educated and clean from corruption and graft.
Choir singing was performed by Umkiang Youth Church, Ratacherra Youth Church and Karimganj District Youth Church.
Kharkongor said those who publish unfounded news about the election, which is a violation of the election rules, will be appealed and the first part to look into the complaint is the Committee headed by the District Election Officer.
This decision was taken by the Cabinet meeting today.
The Eucharistic Procession began with a Holy Mass conducted by the Most Bishop Rev. Victor Lyngdoh who spoke on the unity and oneness in the Lord Jesus.
He said that this is a necessary issue as the youth in the state from the parents have come forward to demand that the Government should renew and change the Reservation Policy, but this is not the case. The UDP does not have a working group to discuss and discuss how to implement the Reservation Policy, but as leaders we should not be slow in this regard. .
According to Dr.R Lyngdoh, Joint Director (MCH&FW), “Teleconsultation is a blessing not only for the patients in the remotest parts of the state but also to encourage them to operation in the district health centers and also in the state capital.
The residents of these 3 villages attended the ceremony to congratulate the Polling Stations in these 3 villages as the hard work of the people has succeeded in winning the election. He also said that in the future, he and the people will work together to bring about development projects.
In the middle of the match from start to finish, Chi-ïong-mut FC beat Thangbyrniang FC 7 – 1 goals with Kyrmen scoring the first goal. Reson Lyngkhoi in the 6th & 31st minute, R.Thongni in the 50th minute, Lones Lyngkhoi in the 59th and 77th & 80th minutes. Thangbyrniang FC scored the first goal in the 28th minute.
However, even if we lose him in this match, the presence of Gawali will make us happy,” said Chhetri.
Ms. LM Synrem, Convener of the Centre, explained about the progress and objectives of the Centre in her speech. to the youth to sit for various examinations and especially the services examination where there is still a shortage of students from the region and the nation such as IAS, MCS, and others.
Only on the 12th, he said that the preparations have been extensive from the preparation of the Pandal and the sound system but he does not know the cost because the preparers are also the villagers. of get they can to.
These random and unscientific mining activities have caused damage to the environment.
He said the department will strive to pay the bills of the contractors according to the receipt of funds.
On the other hand, the Meghalaya bowlers played well today to prevent the opposition from scoring runs.
“However, when we go out for this election, we should not mislead the people,” he said. There are four PHCs in Sohra Constituency – in Laitlyngkot, Swer, Laitryngew and Khadarshnong.
The US leader will be in India until October
“The investigation has been conducted by the Directorate of Local Accounts as it needs to look into the expenses.
Another great need of man is fire.
Revelation 9:1-2
Regarding the visit of the CEM to Iewduh, KHNAM said that from time to time, visitors have come to Iewduh but until now there has been no change. The District Council authorities have visited the Iewduh four or five times but nothing has changed and many of them are written, nothing has been seen.
The Secretary of the Village Employment Council (VEC) of Namdong B has failed to pay the salaries of the job card workers under the MGNREGS scheme. day.
We would also like to thank Bah Gross Mylliemngap, who was the chief guest on the 15th and in his old age, came to witness the participation of the school children of our village.
KSU Mawryngkneng Circle said that the fire broke out in Puriang village on the evening of the 27th of this month by the time the fire brigade arrived at the scene. The time has come to bring in a Fire Service station in Mawryngkneng village and in this regard the union will soon meet with the relevant authorities as well as the people's leaders of this area.
Israel has been occupying the Palestinian border areas in order to expand and expand the country as well as to build houses for the Palestinians. my person.
Raheem Sterling opened the scoring in the 75th minute and Harry Kane scored the second goal in the 86th minute.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, there are 9 new cases and 68 active cases in the State.
I am confident that on this occasion, with the leadership of the SSMP, the Government will work hard as Sniawbhalang Dhar has said and will consider this issue as the most important one that needs to be taken immediately.
Shillong: The Branch Manager of the State Bank of India (SBI) Pynursla Branch on Tuesday lodged a complaint with the police that one of the employees of the bank has stolen T.95 lakh from the bank. on June 13, 2023.
The entry fee is Rs.2500/- per Affiliated Club and 30/- per player for not less than 20 or more than 25 players.
It is not the fault of the students if the NTA does not know how to arrange and maintain the examination rooms.
Nongpoh, Iaiong 18: U Balangson War, a driver of a truck, has died after falling from a truck at Mawtnum village in Ri-Bhoi district.
Bah Louis said that the shortage of job seekers is the highest at the moment and the old and present governments have never had any idea and goal to create new jobs for the youth in the country. state.
Therefore, the notice issued on 3rd November 2023 through the office Memo TR/11/23/1075-A will no longer apply and these parts of the road will be converted from one way to two way. as it was before.
Shillong, July 25: A Sub-Inspector of Police, PJ Marbaniang, has been seriously injured after he shot himself with a pistol with the intention of taking his own life.
The truck (AS01-RC-3530) was on its way to Guwahati and was driven by Bah Teining Parien of Mootyrshiah, West Jaintia Hills.
In addition, District Sports Associations, Sub Division Block Sports Associations from Jaintia Hills and those who have joined the MSL from Jaintia Hills can also participate.
Football Secretary: Nangebormi Suting Assistant Football Secretary: Hoping Suting.
It’s just a head without any power.
He said that NEAM has been established since 2015 and has been registered under the Society Act to ensure the welfare of the NHM employees. Sangma to meet the demand of the union to improve their work.
Not only that, the tunnel at Sonapur also needs to be repaired.
You leave it to us and how to do it is up to us".
Before he concluded the rally, it was witnessed that the crowd who came to support the party, joined with Bah Ardent to sing the song “Pynkhreh Samla” and “Ri Khasi, Ri Khasi” and another song known as “Remember the Khasi Hills”.
NEHHDC is working with technology partners in this project through IOT (Internet of Things) products in garment factories to provide QR codes and this will help to track the source of garments, and will also empower consumers by providing information on where these clothes come from.
Besides education, we also need to introduce religion into politics.
The IBSD regularly holds such meetings to raise awareness among the students to learn more about the environment and especially the plants that grow in the state.
“The VPP congratulates the various political parties and individuals who have given their full support to the party's struggle to suspend the implementation of the Roster System until the Roster System is amended. “It's a good idea to have a job,” said the party's spokesperson, Dr. Batskhem Myrboh in a statement.
However, yesterday, the girl phoned her mother again and apologized for what she had done and informed that she wanted to go home but she was not stopped.
We will listen to the voices of many churches before proceeding," he said.
Shillong, July 26: Mylliem MLA Ronie V Lyngdoh on Tuesday said that the reports that the government has planned to allocate land to the army in Upper Shillong are merely a rumor and an attempt to mislead. for the benefit of others.
He encouraged the public to bring their food items especially the ksaw and miaw.
In 2019, Nilberth had filed a complaint with the Lokayukta against Ismail Marak and two contractors for allegedly withdrawing money from the GHADC but not implementing any of the projects. claim.
However, we cannot fight if we continue to misread and misinterpret the Law.
The work to clear the landslide has been going on all day but due to the heavy rainfall and lack of JCBs, the work has been slow and the landslide has been flowing from the hillside to the road.
He said that his joining the NCC has brought about a change in his life.
After the science school, today the library was opened by Bah DD Lapang as a sign of gratitude to the school. However, for unavoidable reasons, the government spokesperson could not reach the venue and had to complete his duties by the MLA of War-Jaintia, Bah Stephanson. Mukhim who is also the Parliamentary Secretary i/c Sport and Youth Affairs.
But let us tell only a few of the more important parts which we have heard through this servant of God by the mercy of our Lord and Saviour.
Micah 2:1–5.
CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing, who was requested by the employees of VEC Kynroh Synrang to help them with their problem, said that 50 employees who have job cards have not received their salaries. They have been working since 2013 to T.87 thousand.
She also questioned why it took the BJP so long and why it did not pass the Bill immediately.
This was confirmed by some of the residents of the area who told the reporter that on the second day of the month there was also a public meeting of the Nepali community. , Rabha and also Muslims for their support to the Assam police.
According to police sources, Maitshaprang and his friends had a fight in front of Merrickson's house and a fight broke out between them which led to the incident. tragic event.
In Chhattisgarh, 62 schools have only one name, in Rajasthan, out of 128 schools, 99 schools have only one name, in Assam. In Karnataka, 64 percent, in Uttar Pradesh, 44 percent and in West Bengal, 39 percent. tongue.
Everyone wants to sit in a position of leadership without having any responsibility, without having an understanding of the responsibility that comes with the position entrusted to them.
Earlier, the government had sent 22 more issues to the political parties on the ILP which is not easy to implement.
After the film, she took part in Jersey and was also offered to act in Tollywood films.
“The incident occurred after one of the Bengali students insulted a girl from the Northeast.
In 2014, there were only 27,626 but in 2015 it increased to 32,0
Firstborn Talang scored the first goal in the 53rd minute.
The KSU has also lodged a complaint with the Pradhan against the working methods of Prof SK Srivastava, the current Vice Chancellor of the University. The University's ranking has dropped from 16th to 50th position, according to the National Institutional Ranking Framework.
“I am pleased that the Chief Minister has also promised to look into the construction of this new building.
Baltimore authorities on Tuesday night said five people were injured in a shooting at a university in eastern Baltimore.
Bah EW Kharsohnoh, one of the prominent composers, expressed his shock over the passing away of Bah Waroh Pde and said that he was a very nice singer to talk to. He said that his songs are beautiful and the words are beautiful, especially in love songs and he has a different voice, which others cannot imitate his songs. .
“If the government shows the same basis to separate Meghalaya and declare that Hynniewtrep will become its own state on time as it did with Kashmir, then we can give trust in the government.
“The problem in this state is that the land belongs to the people and therefore even though there are laws that the government can do by force when it has a job for the development of the people but “If the land owners don't give willingly, nothing can be done,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Attempts have been made to contact the two pastors, but they have not yet commented and are waiting for the decision of the church.
He said the Council has acted on its own initiative to remove Laitkroh without any consultation or consideration of the feelings of the people.
During the investigation, the suspect confessed that he had committed the crime of carrying fish from outside the pond in conflict with his friends.
“About 15 Maoists surrendered on Friday.
Shillong, Lber 4: Police in East Khasi Hills today arrested two persons involved in the distribution of demand letters of the HNLC. Vincent Khyriem, 27, resident of Mawlai Maw Tawar and Wankerlang Rynjah, 22, resident of Demdeiñ, were arrested.
The authors say that obesity is a sign of increased risk of diabetes and hypertension.
Even the people of Assam, Manipur, Tripura and Sikkim have the same desire to maintain the national identity.
Kaur, the wife of Punjab Chief Minister Capt Amarinder Singh, has been robbed of Rs 23 lakh by the gang. Delhi, to a man who claimed to be the Manager of the State Bank of India and told him that he had to deposit her salary and asked for her account number, ATM pin and U.S. bank account number. CVC number and then when you ask for the OTP number, you have received it on your number; However, Kaur received another message that T.23 lakh had been stolen from her account.
The hospital authorities have informed that they will charge only T.50 each.
Including the Khasi Maram and Khasi Lyngngam, if we turn a little bit about the history of the Hynniewtrep people since the time when the Hima rule was still strong and united to create this Ri Hynniewtrep.
Shilong: Ladrymbai Police have seized three trucks (ML-04C-4557, AS-01DC-1925 and ML-04A-3557) at 9.30 pm on the 11th of this month. The victims were identified as Pyndapki Suchiang, Sanjay Lama and Bipholjoy War.
Church groups or villages that have churches in these election preparation years have been happy because they don't have to worry too much, and they don't need to go for help, but those who have offered help have been happy. come to me.
There was also a discussion among the people that the incident that happened in Umtrew village may have been a kñia ka khriam or ai ksuid ai khrei according to the belief of those who have the Tynrai religion.
Because the sign of the third Temple is a sign of the end of things under human rule.
He said that the MDA government elected by the people does not remember the people.
Shillong: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) today met with the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma to explain to him the need to look into the matter before bringing a railway line to the state.
Shillong: The KSU WJHDU (KSU) strongly condemns the violence of the Education Department in Lapangap village, said a statement from Samla Juhhi Tariang, Publicity Secretary KSU WJHDU. Manipur, 2013-05-20 10:00:00 An incident took place in Shillong on Friday evening.
Russia's invasion has forced 4 million Ukrainians to flee their country, killing or injuring many villages and the cities, which were destroyed.
Shillong: Leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Circle (HYC) Circle together with the leaders of the Hynniewtrep Youth Circle (HYC) Krang Unit on Tuesday inspected the road from Mawmaram, Nongthliew, Mawmih, Diengiei, Mawlyndep to Driver.
Speaking at the meeting, Mominin said that the profession of teachers is honorable and respected by the society, the government should meet the needs of teachers.
What is needed is to have adequate health facilities, medicines and testing facilities as well or to remember that prevention is better than cure or prevention is better than treatment.
On this occasion, 10 members of the organization have come forward to donate blood at the Blood Bank which has been staffed by doctors and nurses.
The meeting was attended by HNYF Women Wing President Beti Jyrwa in the presence of HNYF Northern Region President Markus Marten and members.
They demanded that if they wear uniforms, they should be allowed to pay a higher price from T.50 per kit to T.100 per kit but the KHADC authorities did not accept the price. They have decided that the wearing of uniform should start from tomorrow, and those who do not wear uniform will be removed and if any of those who wear uniform are threatened for wearing uniform, they should lodge a complaint with the office. The OC Syiem did not do what was necessary.
The JARF decided to express this demand to the nine MLAs of Jaintia Hills at a meeting held at Orchid Inn Mukhla Thadlaskein on Thursday.
Shillong, June 11: The Kachin National Awakening Movement (KHNAM) has demanded that the MDA-II government should suspend the advertisement of recruitment until the roster system is completely resolved.
And the passage of times.
Thus each human being was created wonderfully and fearfully and is truly wonderful.
Inside, they are so terrible that they can destroy a tree without thinking or seeing any sign of decay.
The power outage in other parts of the WGH will remain the same – 2 pm to 4 pm, 11 pm to 2 pm and 4 pm to 7 pm.
How many times or how many years will the government pay or buy replacement if these Smart Meters break down?
If this struggle for government jobs continues, the relationship between the Khasi-Jaintia and Garo peoples will become farther and farther away and the time will come when they may even separate by giving up. you have your own state.
Speaking to reporters, the Union Minister congratulated the Chief Minister for taking care of the welfare of women and children through this initiative. it is also something that will strengthen the future of the country.
They said that those who are smart enough to go fishing in the rivers are those who love the nature and its beauty and whether they catch fish or not, they spend. time in the rivers because it is their custom.
There are many opinions about the Covid vaccine that it can affect everyone, but despite the many concerns, we are witnessing that the number of Covid vaccinations in the state is increasing every day. .
The West Khasi National Youth Front (WKN) has strongly condemned the incident and requested the authorities to investigate the incident and punish them immediately. to the wicked who have done this.
The KSU Mawroh Unit on the same day suspended the work of these foreigners and expelled them to their place of origin.
“People from 180 countries will see a life we ​​have never seen before about Narendra Modi, where he walks in the forests to protect wildlife and also Grylls said in a tweet that the program will be broadcast on the Discovery Channel on the 12th of July at 9pm.
Nongpoh: Before the Police enforced the rules and regulations, against those who violate and do not wear masks, when they go out in public places or on the streets, yesterday Police of Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday, conducted a training for the residents of Nongpoh area and arrested all the people who do not wear masks. The Ri Bhoi Police have distributed masks to the people of Nongpoh.
And the teaching of subjects in English has started to improve.
A young leader who had promised to support one candidate changed his mind overnight and joined another candidate.
The groups of exhibitors from their respective states were led by Mr. Manoj Roy, Exhibition Officer, Guwahati; The Arunachal Team was led by Mr Punyo Chobin, Head of Fine Arts, Rajiv Gandhi University, Itanagar, and the Meghalaya team was led by Bah Raphael Warjri, Chief Art Director, Riti Academy of Visual Arts.
This will affect the area as it will lack funds for its development projects.
Lamwan Paswet, NK Lamare, D. Paka Syngkon, Womlin Pakyntieng, Nelson Roy Pde, SK Lato, Drolin Dkhar, Wanbor Lato, Damanlang Passah, Kiki Pakma, Alwin Laloo, JM Pohsngap. .
Thangsning CC chose to bat first after winning the toss and elected to bat first. They set a target of 116 runs for the loss of five wickets in 15 overs.
Assam Police from Boko Police Station, on the morning of 17th October at about 1 pm, came to arrest two residents of Malchapara and are still searching for them. 27 other residents.
It is the duty of the YFC to expedite the completion for the benefit of the people, otherwise, it will cause problems in many ways and especially to the people who come and go. every day.
Isaia War, Secretary of JACP Mairang, said that the fare for local taxis from Mairang to Nongkhlaw for four passengers will be 60 tyngka. Local taxis to Kynshi for four passengers will cost 60 tyngka each, Bynther for four passengers will cost 16 tyngka each, Mawnai for four passengers will cost 32 tyngka each. Laitdom for four passengers will cost 32 tyngka each, Langtor for four passengers will cost 32 tyngka each, Maroid for four passengers will cost 49 tyngka each, Nongshillong for four passengers Mairang to Myriaw for four passengers will cost 91 tyngka each, Mairang to Sohiong for four passengers will cost 60 tyngka each, Mairang to Nongthliew for four passengers Those from Mairang to Kynrut will fare 123 tyngka for four passengers, those from Mairang to Dongki Ingding will fare 113 tyngka each.
The accident happened at 12.45 pm when a bike (AS-02C-5396) was driven by Duryodhan along with his friend. Jitu Deka, 10, of the victims, died shortly after being hit by a heavy vehicle.
Guwahati: Assam police have rushed to New Delhi to search for Rajya Sabha MP from Mizoram, UK Vanlalvena.
Smit: A food shop known as 'Khlaiñbor Diary' in Smit village in Mawmluh district has been closed down due to allegations of bih.
Shillong, Lber 16: Three candidates from different political parties have contested for the Shillong Parliamentary seat, the Congress nominated Vincent Pala and the UDP nominated Paul Lyngdoh. and Pastor Basaiawmoit, the CPF joint candidate, but now another candidate has emerged from this constituency and he is the candidate of the AAP, the party led by Arvind Kejriwal.
However, regarding the demand for the release of those arrested, Bah Peter Passah said that the Government cannot do anything on this and it is up to the Court to decide. it will decide who has broken the law and who has not.
The union would like to express its gratitude to all the doctors, nurses, aSHAs, pharmacists, lab technicians, ANMs, DEOs who attended this day to provide full service to the people in relation to health.
" There will also be Special Campaign Dates on the 11th and 18th November, 2023 where you can send your residents to go to the Polling Stations more often because Booth Level Officers (BLOs) will be present at the Polling Stations for 10 days.
He said that the funds can be used to provide education, health and to open up opportunities for the poor.
The petition also demanded that Ramdev should make another video clip of himself, in which he will clean up all the allegations he has made against the British doctors.
His presence will help the team a lot,” said the coach after the training.
In another development, Israel continued to shell Gaza on Tuesday and killed a Hamas militant involved in the attack. Ibrahim Biari, commander of the Central Jabaliya Battalion, has said that the army has decided to attack Israel on 7th March
When asked whether the VAB will survive after the High Court has issued its order in the past few days, Pynshngaiñ said that the High Court has issued its order in the past few days. He said that the court has not yet overturned the rules and regulations of the District Council and they are still in force. He said that the villages, Hima and Elaka are empowered by the Act.
The scheme will also provide assistance as pension to ensure a comfortable life in old age. To receive this scheme, the beneficiaries have to register themselves under the e-Shram.
The fight against tyranny and discrimination against humanity is the central theme of KAM. KAM also aims to revive the new democracy and the future. standing firm in righteousness.
“The PMGSY roads from Mawlangsu, Rambrai, Nonglang-Khanduli and Kyrshai worth Rs 100 crore have been misused and the roads have been covered only with soil and water pumps,” said Lotha.
He recalled that during his tenure as CEM of KHADC, he had sent a proposal of more than T.200 crore for the KHADC to receive a share from the 14th Finance Commission, but at that time, the “There is no follow-up to our proposal until the Council's share of the funds. It will be zero,” said Mr. Pynshngain.
This road is no longer safe to travel as it has been damaged and covered with water which has affected the traffic.
He added that in his letter head to the Secretariat, it is not allowed, because it is not Shri Paul Lyngdoh, I don't have time to say that I am Bah Paul.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) has concluded the elections for the members of the Central Executive Committee (CEC) for the year 2023-2
He was identified as Vicky Ahamed, 33 years old.
?" She asked and asked another person.
In Jowai, the day was celebrated at the Chutwakhu Indoor Stadium.
Ray stole T.2.20,000 from the account of a depositor on 18th November 2019, North East Today reported.
It is also a plant with strong roots that can grow even in dry soil.
The 165 meter long bridge on the Umngot River was built by the British Government in 1932 to connect East Bengal and Assam. West Jaintia and East Khasi Hills and serves as a route to Bangladesh.
Naseem's revelation that he is beautiful and wants to marry Urvashi is something that many people don't think or expect to hear and want to know how Urvashi feels.
He said that if he reaches his goal, he will fight from body and soul to bring and provide adequate institutions in this area which are in line with the times. He also emphasized on the plight of the youth of the area in terms of employment compared to other districts in the State.
kg of rice and 4 kg of rice per household were distributed to the affected households during the lockdown.
There are 47,480 cases undergoing treatment and 24,385 cases have recovered.
Sawmer opened the scoring in the 27th minute through Diego Khriam.
Nongpoh, July 3: The Shnong Umran-Niangbyrnai in the Durbar Pyllun held on the 1st of July last Saturday, elected the new Village Officers in the presence of dignitaries. Mark Kharhujon as the new Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Sylvester Kharbani as the Symbud Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Stephen Kharbani as the Symbud Rangbah Shnong, Rangbah Stephen Kharbani as the new Rangbah Shnong. Secretary Village, Rangbah Ricky Wahlang as Treasurer and 40 members of the Executive Committee.
In connection with this illegal act of this Nepali, the union urges the law enforcement authorities to investigate, search, arrest and punish all those involved and also those who received this. The syrnod is illegal according to the law because they too are involved, otherwise they would not accept the syrnod from the Nepali, because they know that it is illegal.
The market dwellers in this market, request from time to time to reopen the lyngkhat market, so that they too can earn a living.
The FCI has been on strike since the 20th of this month, and the strike has been affected by the distribution of foodgrains in the area.
At the same time, the State Government has set up a Joint Committee together with the SAFF leaders to review the SOPs for the opening of places of worship in the State.
Therefore, the union urges the government to temporarily suspend the NPR, while no decision has been taken on the powers of the Dorbar Shnongs, as only the Dorbar Shnongs can oversee and run smoothly. to this program.
He added that it is necessary to change the attitudes of people especially indigenous groups of the population and stop expecting that there will always be special fortune in all walks of life.
The wholesale price will be T70.15 at Jaintia Service Station and T74.15 at Sutnga Sub-Depot. The retail price will be T72.05 at Sutnga Sub-Depot. –Depot can cost T7
Adding on this, Bah TW Chyne said that the Council also has the United Khasi Jaintia Fishery Act 1954 and through this it will strengthen the fisheries industry and strengthen the protection against the poaching of rivers and streams. this is what the EC took note of.
The letter head was also handed over to the Secretary of KSU Larnai Unit by Samla Jerimaya Laloo (EC Member KSU WJHDU).
It has encouraged the EC led by Bah Ardent Basaiawmoit and Bah Latiplang Kharkongor to work for the cause of the people, the party said. When other ECs are not willing to do anything to ban foreigners.
Through this tournament, the talents of the youth have been witnessed in various fields.
When the Prime Minister returned to Shillong, we intended to convene a meeting of all political parties.
Woe to those who died in the plague in the past, because no one dared to take their bodies and take them home for worship.
“We have asked Wansted Syiemlieh for the money but he has not given it and he has said that he will give it and he will give it as much as we ask him,” said Bah Rani.
The Acting Chief Justice has fixed 18.11.19 for the hearing and directed the authorities to send their explanations to the case.
Bah Sawkmie took this decision as part of encouraging those students who have worked hard to pass well, and at the same time to encourage other students to study well in the future.
The bridge was built in 2012, but has now collapsed and needs urgent repairs. The Jowai MLA has taken the initiative to talk to the Soil Department officials to repair the bridge.
Abuja: Nigerian President Buhai on Sunday said he was not dead, following reports that he was not dead. The President died and was succeeded by another, whose name is Jubril.
According to statistics, according to a report and survey conducted by the Bank of America, in 2016 alone, more than 96% of young people used mobile phones, but now in 2020 we have increased. sted and this is also a great benefit to mankind when knowledge increases.
Mairang, July 20: As part of the discussion on environmental protection and implementation of many environmental protection laws including the Environment Protection Act and the Biodiversity Act, the office of the Range Forest Officer, Mairang Range at In collaboration with the Eastern West Khasi Hills District Police, on the 16th July 2023, they raided the illegal burning of rnga in several parts of the district.
He also urged the youth by saying, “Don't let the challenges you face in the past 45 days make you turn back, you should have a spirit of courage and determination to leave any job halfway”.
He said that the government has been trying to encourage the people to come forward to get the vaccine and if there is an outbreak of the disease, the government has prepared health centres.
As a sign of his support, Ransom also donated to AMKA which he handed over to the working president of the union, Brian Wahlang.
Hong Kong Leader John Lee has announced that the Government will provide emergency assistance to those affected by the floods and natural disasters in the coming days. past.
Amrita, the wife of Ricky, said that she was very scared when she learned that her husband had been abducted and she prayed day and night for his survival. the children also cried as soon as they learned what had happened to their father.
Nongpoh: While trying to investigate the kidnapping of Bah Manason Doloi, Sordar of Warmawsaw Village, which happened on Saturday night, it was learned that he was demanded money and when he could not pay it. and the money which these robbers had demanded, they had taken away.
Tourist vehicles from Mairang to Shillong and Nongstoin will cost 151 tyngka each, maxi and sumo from Mairang to Shillong and Nongstoin will cost 86 tyngka each, max sumo from Mairang to Kynrut will cost 74 tyngka each. The max fare for Sumo from Mairang to Dongki Ingding will be 70 tyngka each.
Speaking at a meeting to discuss the theme “India – an economic superpower by 2030” organized by Pragna Bharati, Swamy said the country has grown by 8 per cent from time to time. , launched by Narasimha Rao, but there is no higher growth and to get 3.7 percent, it needs to fight corruption, allow those who invest and work. He said that it is the biggest corruption of the 21st century and don't attack them with heavy taxes and GST. , where no one knows, not even to fill out the forms.
The KCP cadre and the seized firearms were handed over to the Hiyanglam PS for further investigation.
Shillong: UDP MDC from Shella, Bah Teinwel Dkhar, on Tuesday expressed his concern that the powers of Rangbah Shnongs have been violated in the past years, until the Supreme Court restored them.
However, explaining about the candidates for these constituencies, Chuba Ao said the party's task is to work first and select the candidates later in consultation with the State BJP leaders. you can buy a ticket.
In Pynursla and Sohra Civil Sub Divisions, as well as in Mawryngkneng, Mawkynrew, Mawsynram, Sohiong and Mawphlang, only 30 percent of vehicles will be allowed to travel. vehicles are allowed to pass through these areas up to 50 percent.
Launched in India last week, the free-to-play game retains the top features of the main version of the game.
The investigation is ongoing to find out more about the activities of the Sleeper Cell of the HNLC.
These damages include houses, property, agricultural products and others.
On the other hand, Samla Lumlang said that the party has also expressed its concern regarding the deterioration of the road from Jaidoh to Nongkasen due to the lack of muster rolls. The destruction of this road is due to the lack of cleaning and stone clearing and besides the movement of trucks carrying shyiap, stone and timber has made it very difficult for small vehicles.
He managed to score 59 off 97 balls (12x4s) with the support of Gaurav Narleng (16 off 15), Heiyomiki Ryngkhlem (26 off 53) and Thakuria (12 notches). out or 20).
“Yes, to...I'll come back...” Deisy agreed. “Happy birthday...” Bahnah said. “Yes, Bahnah...” They all said. about the goodness and kindness of the house of Riia.
Two houses have been destroyed by heavy rainfall in Huroi village, East Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 24 : The Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) has recommended to the state government to send an inquiry into the purchase of expensive medicines by the Directorate General of Health Services (DHS-MI). and to punish those who are involved in this work.
Even the big companies that have bought all the sports events in the world cannot save the quality of sports activities in Meghalaya.
The Elite Pathway Program is also an important part of the STAR Programme, which was launched by the State Government and implemented by the Edge10 Group, an Australian team together with the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, to recruit and train people. donsap who is in the state.
Shillong: The lone MLA of KHNAM from North Shillong, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, on Tuesday said that he has not yet decided to join the United Progressive Front (UPF).
Sanjay Shirsat, in charge of this, said that if there are about 20 per cent of the pharmaceutical plants that have not been inspected, it is necessary to take action against them. that it shall not be a waste of the precious life of men.
Before being put in the car, he was said to be still able to speak, but immediately he collapsed and died.
Angel Mary Khunsyiem Mylliem Umlong won the bronze medal in the 60 kg Women's Class and Alexander Lyngdoh won the bronze medal in the 80 kg Men's Senior category. and others who did not receive medals.
Abhinandan's family members arrived in Delhi from Chennai this evening, the report said.
Furthermore, there are only two small water tanks for supply to Umtrai PHC and the staff residences. Besides, many parts of the doors and wells of these health centers have been destroyed.
“There is also a need for public awareness on the importance of the Khasi language to be included in the 8th Scheduled of the Constitution but what is more important is the public protest for the participation of all,” said Dr Lamare.
Shillong, June 24: The Youth and Cultural Sports Club, Sohmynting in collaboration with the Village Water and Sanitation Committee (VWSC) today held a program on cleanliness at the Community Hall, Sohmynting. Financial assistance from the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Jowai.
He expressed his regret that at present the people have lost confidence in the police and the courts due to the delay in the trial.
As soon as he arrived at the square, the Minister was welcomed by the Garo traditional dance group from the area.
When the greatest tribulation from the reign of the beast is completed in those 3 and a half years (1260 days) or 42 months, until those 30 days are 1290 days.
“The letter states that the Director after receiving information from the complainants that the song of a political party (which according to the information received by the journalist is Prah) on the occasion of Teacher's Day at your school where you as the Principal of this school have allowed the students to play this song which belongs to the Therefore, you are asked to give an explanation why you should not be punished for violating the rules of the government.
The party has to explain to the people the education policy it intends to introduce and the party candidates should explain this policy.
In the past few days, the MBOSE has released the results of Class XII Commerce and Science stream. to matriculate result.
The Dorbar Shnong Barato has recalled the incidents in the past when the Karbi forest groups were strong in the area. Drugs have also been smuggled into the area along with robbery, murder and others.
“We strongly oppose the construction of the road in Assam, because when the residents of Lapangap want to repair the road the Assam government comes to stop and for that reason we demand from the DC to stop immediately because this is just a trick of the Assam government. Assam to get the right to replace the land of the border residents,” said Pyrkhat.
Speaking on the occasion, NPYF Mawshynrut Block President Skhemborlin Hoojon said that it is difficult for the youth to work for the party.
The Support staff includes Goutam Shome (head coach), Moisten Ch Marak (assistant coach), Vikash S Chauhan (trainer), Surojit Biswas (physio), Dister Marbaniang (manager).
Shillong: Members of the KSU South West Khasi Hills District on Tuesday evening arrested three foreigners from Assam in Ranikor who were trying to sell jhur to Nongjri.
Lukaku scored for United in the 33rd minute, followed by Herrera in the 39th minute, while Armstrong scored for Southampton in the 13th minute. Cedrid in the 20th minute.
Speaking to reporters, the leaders of the Seng Bhalang said that there was no preparation to march in large numbers or to leave in order to leave for the venue, but they decided to reach the parking lot nearby. Secretariat.
Mukul's remarks were removed by the Speaker of the House from the debate on the following day, the 20th of this month.
“Many of the deaths that happen are once the patients are admitted to the hospitals, or after they have been sent for treatment for one or four days and this shows that they bring the patients, only until they have “It's very difficult for the doctors to help the patients,” he said.
The total number of cases in Assam has now reached 115. Three of them are from the quarantine center at Sarusajai Stadium. store, at Fancy Bazaar.
Regarding the arrest and action to punish law enforcement officers such as police involved in drug trafficking, Bah Paul said that he had previously raised this issue in the Legislative Assembly and now that He said that the Minister of State in charge of Social Welfare will take measures to ensure that law enforcement officers in uniform will not be allowed to do such things. that is, it should help to tell and inform him as well.
“If the government stands firm on the basis of documents, maps and documents, there will be no problem to talk about this issue,” said Bah Bindo.
Furthermore, this village is as beautiful as a horse's hoof. There are forests and meadows, hills, meadows and valleys beautifully covered with plants.
The reason is that you can't do it.
There are also reports from the RBI, Shillong.
The final match was attended by thousands of spectators from all over the country as it was also the opening ceremony of the Wahiajer Multi Sports Complex. the Chief Minister of the State, Conrad K. Sangma.
The officer, identified as Colonel Ramesh Rathore, was hit by a speeding vehicle.
In the afternoon, a Eucharistic Procession was held which started from the Marianhill Higher Secondary School Football Ground and passed through the villages of Iawmusiang, Tpeppale, Dulong, Iongpiah, Mission Compound and returned. The Eucharistic Procession at Marianhill Stadium.
The Argentine star will make his debut for Inter Miami on Thursday at home against Charlotte.
Win or lose, it doesn't matter, but it is the duty of the political parties to keep the promises they made to the people when they went to vote.
The North East Students' Organization (NESO), a youth organization of the North East including the Khasi Students' Union (KSU), All Assam Students' Union (AASU), Naga Students' Federation (NSF), Mizo Zirlai Paul (MZP), Twipra Students' Federation (TSF), All Manipur Students' Union (AMSU), Garo Students' Union (GSU) and All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (AAPSU), which leads five political parties. Students from nine North Eastern states have strongly condemned the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) for issuing a statement during its election campaign in Delhi saying that people from the North East the east is the poi wir.
The suspects were arrested during a patrol after the troops shot down a drone from Pakistan in the area.
Sri Lanka's Nadeesha Dilhan won the silver medal after throwing 61.57m, while China's Huihui Lyu won the bronze medal. at 61.29m.
Speaking to media, Kong Ampareen said, “We will give a proper reply after 12 days to the showcause notice sent by the AICC because they have allowed us to enter the country. MLAs to clarify on this issue".
In the early years of this election, there were fewer people who dared to come out and run as leadership candidates.
In June 2018, more than two months after the MDA government took over the rule in the state, protests broke out against the residents of the area after a bus driver was shot dead. shot at the people who lived in the area.
Sandhya Purecha, Chairperson, Sangeet Natak Academy, Shri Raju Das, Secretary, Sangeet Natak Academy, Smt.
He said that hospitals, engineering colleges and medical schools have been built and schools have sanitation facilities.
Shillong, March 04: An unprecedented drama has emerged in the history of the State Legislative Assembly when the opposition group suddenly turned to the table of the Lamphang to express their opposition to the Lamphang. The opposition has rejected the adjournment motion on the ILP.
They also suggested to hold a special session to set up the Meghalaya Boundary Committee and urged the government to release T1 crore for development works in the border areas.
“Those who dare to destroy it are the foreigners,” he said.
“If this is allowed to happen, it will be difficult to do later,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
The MLA of Jowai has promised to donate T.2 lakh 50 thousand for the repair of the wells that have been destroyed by the floods at Madan Madiah.
Informing that the governments of Meghalaya and Assam will meet again in the first or second month of April for talks, Conrad said, “There will be special discussions on the Khanduli, Psiar area. , Block I and Block II because there were no incidents in these areas.
The first is that the officer who issued this notice has done it himself without knowing the rules of procedure of the Meghalaya Services (Conduct) Rules, 2019 or has done it to show ability with the expectation of being praised by the officials of the ruling political parties of the state.
Shillong: There are more than 7000 Covid-19 Committee Centers in the state, including those in rural and urban areas. These committees will fall under the jurisdiction of the Deputy Commissioners, said the Chief Secretary Prestone Tyngsong.
Loans worth more than T.20 lakh crore have been allocated to small businesses across the country under the Mudra Yojana.
The government has spent billions of rupees on MCCL and MeECL to strengthen them but as they spend more money, they have become poorer and poorer and this is what those people in the government have to do. to think carefully.
She said that ECHO is inexpensive and will lead to the provision of knowledge from experts to the people in the village.
At the same time, the Seng Samla Sengkhihlang requests the Presidents/Secretaries of the Sengkhasi and Seiñ Raij Departments, Syiems and Daloi to attend this tournament.
The HNLC said that the Meghalaya government is only a tyrannical government and the HNLC has no intention of talking to the state government.
I remember what happened before.
Shobitam is also one of the companies that has produced beautiful and at the same time stylish sarees.
The number of workers has increased from 13 to 14 after the meeting with the family members.
In a phone interview with VDP President Messiah Ïawlar, he said that the owners of the goats heard the cry of the goats and immediately realized that it was the myntuh.
Jowai, June 12 : Green Valley Industries Ltd., Ltd., has been based in Nongsning, East Jaintia Hills.
Regarding this kidnapping and killing of these commercial vehicle drivers, the union requests the authorities to punish these killers by imprisonment for life.
Dhaka: Nine people have been killed and 50 others injured in a blast in Moghbazar, Dhaka, Bangladesh, the Daily Star reported.
On the opening day of the tournament, Hurricane won by 19 runs against Super XI. In the first match, Hurricane tied first , tied for 133 runs in 20 overs for the loss of six wickets.
Art and CultureThe strength of Jowai constituency also lies in its cultural richness and the goal is to improve and develop Art and Culture so that it can become a source of employment. spirit.
Inside the ambulance was the driver of the ambulance and the patients he was going to take to hospital.
Lajong will prepare for their match against Churchill Brothers on 4th October in Goa.
One is the bye election from Mawryngkneng constituency following the death of the sitting MLA of this constituency, Bah David Nongrum. MLA Dr Azad Zaman passes away.
The tournament will be held in Ludhiana, Punjab from 3rd to 10th November,
“The Chief Minister, ChiefSecretary, Superintendent of Police, Deputy Commissioner level meeting has now been cancelled.
“However, for the MP elections, these will be decided by the party leadership after 3rd November because on that day the MLA elections will be announced in the three states. you decide," he said.
However, the DHS (MI), Dr A War, said that even those who suffer from diarrhea may not be infected with covid-1
Without full protection, these people (Khasi-Pnar) could be threatened in this way and we don't know what they will decide on the day of the Regional Committees' inspection.
The areas, which have been invaded by Vladimir Putin's troops, are Donetsk and Luhansk, which Putin has declared two independent countries.
She concluded her speech by encouraging the students to make the most of their talents through their studies and to grow up with hard work to rise from one level to another. another.
Although Meghalaya has lost, it has managed to bring glory to the state as a whole, after making history by reaching the final of this tournament. field for the first time.
He said that as a meat market in Ïewduh, it is difficult to cut the meat but even so they have tried to cut as much as they can.
HM Shangpliang said that the issuance of appointment letters for the districts of Garo Hills will be completed in the coming days.
Shillong: There have been 72 new cases of corona virus in the state today.
As parents, you want the best for your children but thinking about them is not the way.
Their operation will start from the 28th July, on the 28th July, vehicles ending in 0,1,2,3 will operate, on the 29th July, vehicles 4,5,6 , on the 30th of July, the numbers 7,8,9 will pass and then on the 1st of July, the numbers 0,1,2,3 will pass, on the 2nd of July, the numbers 4,5 will pass. ,6 and on the 3rd of November, they will walk ending in number 7,8,9
Why did Jesus have to die for the sins of mankind? For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son.
To hold any position as Sordar, Rangbah Shnong, etc horkit hordang are not allowed because they are only children (0-25 years) and even young people (25-50 years) are not allowed at all. to sit in the council.
Later, when PR Gordon became Deputy Commissioner here in Khasi-Jaintia Hills, he ordered the Laitkor villages to be rebuilt. They erected these stones and they are still standing today.
“I am surprised that the government has awarded the construction of the medical college project to the Kolkata company KPC Group.
On behalf of the CoMSO, we are deeply saddened to hear from the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma that the Government of India has not yet read the ILP Resolution of the Legislative Assembly of the State. 2 pages now almost a year old.
On the occasion of the 10th Anniversary of the Secondary Section of the school, Bah PN Syiem CEM of KHADC was the chief guest in the presence of Bah LG Nongsiej Chairman. KHADC MDC Nongstoin and Morning Mawsor MDC Mawshynrut were also the chief guests.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Nongpoh Circle on Tuesday vowed to conduct the issuance of Trading License and Labor License to foreign traders in parts of Nongpoh city after they failed to comply with the issuance of Trading License and Labor License. The event was organized by the Enforcement Wing (EW) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
They strongly condemn the children who have been burnt and eaten and do not trust the “Ki kha-khein – ki khamakur” who turn heads and turn tails.
More than 100 members of NCC cadets, members of Rotary Club, officials and staff of Shillong Municipal Board as well as residents of the area took part in the cleaning.
He said that the resumption of operation of the 108 started at 7 pm in Shillong while in other places the operation will start when the 108 vehicles reach the offices of the 108. they.
On 12th July, 2022, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court recommended the appointment of Bhattacharjee after consultation with the two members of the Collegium. .
So far, there are 16 private parking lots, which have caused a lot of trouble to the people and it is reported that from Jorabat to Ratacherra alone, there are 5 parking lots on the National Highway. Highway No.6.
In a statement, Archbishop Victor Lyngdoh said that the new parishes to be opened include Mawiong, Mawtawar, Umpling, Nongrah and Madanrting.
According to my experience, there are four (parts) of the thlen farmers who are very terrible and it is through these four that those who have just gone to work as farmers will be able to improve and improve the thlen.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Police of the Anti-Narcotic Task Force and Ladrymbai Police Out Post on receipt of information from the intelligence agencies raided Ladrymbai and arrested 10 people. A Bolero (NL-04 C 3516) was heading from Silchar, Assam to Shillong.
It is our hope that through our continued contribution to society, we can help to help and rebuild the lives and work of people especially those who have suffered a great loss.
In a statement, the Publicity Secretary of the party, Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, said that the first IED blast occurred in Jaintia Hills in 2012 in which two workers were killed. and 15 people were injured.
It was on this demand of the Nongkhlaw Kur that Bah Jamphrang was removed from his post as Minister.
In a statement sent by Bah C. Muktieh, Secretary Umsiang Border Area Development Committee, the Committee is pleased to learn that this officer has returned to Ri Bhoi for the purpose of providing services. The Committee hopes that the government will allow this officer to come to work in Ri Bhoi so that he can work more for the benefit of the people of Ri Bhoi.
The match ended in extra time and the goal was scored through a penalty.
The make up artist was Suzan Kharsaiot Jenevivekhyriem of SV Make-Up Studio, while the costumes were done by Ladiangarti Thabah Mebica Thabah. Synkrem, Gracymai Pala, Damian Shyrngap, Larijanai Sutnga, Adele Zachary Nongrum, Daiarisa Wahlang, Daphisa Wahlang, Yaridashisha Sutnga, Bobby Wahlang, Shirlena A. Lyngdoh Nongbri, Prakayashlla Lyngdoh who, Deiband.
The population of West Khasi Hills District has reached 200350 and out of these, 128021 voters have qualified as male and female voters. years, as of 5th July 2024, 4978 cases.
It is to be recalled that on the 1st of November, the RBYF had closed down the MUDA office in Byrnihat, but within a few hours, 18 members of the RBYF, were arrested by the police and arrested. He was arrested for two nights at Nongpoh Police Station.
The lives of the people in the rural areas would have been very difficult without the voluntary organizations from any religious and church groups who volunteer to serve for the community. social welfare and to improve the income of the people in the rural areas.
Therefore, those who call themselves “Believers” no longer need that superstition because faith in the Son of God is in God and in His Word, and this is not that superstition. , but the faith of the Apostle Paul himself.
The election for the Sohiong Constituency has been postponed due to the sudden death of the UDP candidate HDR Lyngdoh on the 20th of this month.
He also urged the people who have returned from other states to strictly follow the guidelines issued by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
Moolamylliang is a village in Ri Lum Jaintia which for many years now has been a well known village in this state and in some parts of this country, for its cleanliness and especially in it's Christmas.
We have said that the public should not worry and be afraid just because they know that someone has COVID-19 but should think with understanding how to prevent.
Shillong, Lber 18: The demand for a decision on the separation of Meghalaya for the creation of Garo State has been rejected in the Legislative Assembly today.
In the final match, Nagaland beat Sikkim 4-0 in the semi-finals with Yhoto Lohe scoring in the 10th minute. Thulunso scored in the 35th minute, Hivika in the 55th minute and Pursunep in the 88th minute. you night.
At the same time, he thanked the voters of Mylliem who have allowed him to be their MLA for the past five years.
The CSWO has alleged that this is what happened in Meghalaya when the police commit crimes. It takes time to announce publicly by the police but if there is a robbery, it is announced publicly through the media as soon as the arrest occurs.
According to the Meghalaya Lokayukta Act, 2014, the Chairperson and members of the Lokayukta shall be appointed by the Governor after receiving the recommendation of the Selection Committee headed by the Chief Minister and comprising the Speaker. the Leader of the Opposition in the Assembly, the Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court or a Judge of the High Court and a leader appointed by the Governor.
“We are still looking, not only the state government but we have to understand that the talks with the state home department are also involved, so we have to listen to their opinion,” he said. the Prime Minister.
At the Lyngwiar Thohdur which is currently underway at ICSSR, NEHU will also have a seminar of experts from both sides to showcase their skills and explain the nature of Thohdur to their students. own state.
The residents are urged to avoid the clogging of streams, rivers and valleys during the rainy season and not to underestimate the power of the slow and fast flowing water which can overturn.
Shaheen, who suffered the same injury in the last Test match, has now been included in the squad for Sri Lanka in November and has finally joined the squad. They will play in the T20 World Cup final against England in April.
It is to be recalled that on 14/2/2019, Assam Police disrupted the construction of the electricity distribution line in Umwali until there was a shooting incident and about 30 people were injured. Most of them were women and after the incident the work was suspended.
Sushant Singh Rajput, the great Bollywood actor, has passed away.
This was announced by the Joint Secretary of the UDP Mawthadraishan, Bah HK Thabah, at a public meeting held at Kynshi where thousands of supporters attended the meeting.
A review of the armed forces was conducted in 2003 and this will help meet their modern needs and further train this force.
Nongstoin, June 22: Ashirvad Pipe Pvt.
Speaking to reporters, Sadon said, “Regarding the peace talks between the Central Government, the State Government and the HNLC, we started in July last year.
The reason is that many of these criminals die before being sentenced.
“We have received information that they were released this morning near Telekali and that T.25,000 has been paid to the kidnappers,” said Anand Mishra, Superintendent of Police, South Garo Hills.
“I don't think the suspension means that nothing should be done but how can some of them take other measures.
The program was attended by the Minister of Education, Government of Nagaland, Shri.
He said that this government has not taken action to fight against crime in Garo Hills but the CM has used female policemen.
The teams in this category include Nangbah Iawmusiang, Mosalyngkat, Sohmynting, Sabahmuswang, Mukhla Evergreen, Wahiajer, Luti Tuber, Demthring, Mookyndur, Khliehiongriang, Shangpung Moosyiem and Dulong.
On Saturday, the CID handed over the office of CMJ University at Modrina Mansion in Laitumkhrah after it was seized in January.
Keep working and supporting your College to move forward.
In 10+2 there are only 2 teachers in English and Philosophy while in Political Science, Khasi and History there are no teachers at all and these subjects have to be taught by college teachers. .
Shillong, Naitung 22: Police have seized 128 vehicles from commercial taxis and auto rickshaws, and from these vehicles they have earned T.34,300 tyngka. .
Shillong, Jymmang 27: The Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Guwahati has agreed to become a third party to investigate the collapse of the dome of the new State Legislative Assembly at Mawdiangdiang, New Delhi. Shillong Township.
Speaking after the opening of the dorbar, Dr Donkupar said the UDP does not feel it is necessary to raise no confidence in the government or the Lamphang because if the government fails, the time has come. the election.
After a while, it was planned that each college would be upgraded to an Autonomous Degree Granting College, or a Constituent College of any university.
He himself identified himself as the brother of the young king of this kingdom but the young king died.
At the same time, the teams are requested to come back on time.
It may be recalled that complaints against the Syiem of Sohra have come from many quarters - from the village headmen alleging that the Syiem has violated the customs and traditions and has also been lodged by the KSU South Khasi Hills. on the incident in Majai where the Syiem has allegedly given about 450 plots of land to foreigners and the same person has allegedly given about 10 plots of land and other complaints. .
The two youngsters who represented India are Liza Muktieh from Lumdaitkhla and Fragrance Riwan from Lawbah.
Rijiju said India does not want to sow the seeds of hatred among neighboring countries.
His skills and ability to play well were at the forefront of our progress last season.
Selfishness or selfishness destroys and kills the spirit of cooperation or the spirit of responsibility to live together, grow together and have equal value.
Mawkyrwat, July 04: A group of beef vendors in Mawkyrwat Market have decided to temporarily suspend and ban the sale of beef in Mawkyrwat Market.
Shillong: U Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) MLA Saleng A Sangma has written a letter to the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, requesting the government not to order the police department to investigate. Bus drivers to prevent accidents, adding that if the police find drunk drivers; On the other hand, the police should immediately confiscate their licences, along with a heavy fine.
They have been trained and have gained a lot of knowledge and skills to help people such as drowning, falling, sudden falls, accidents and others.
However, Sarma said the Assam government will work hard to discuss the border with the North Eastern states when they form a new government in the state after the upcoming elections. soon in a few months.
She said they have informed the Chief Minister regarding the shortage of staff as well as specialist doctors and doctors.
In fact, earlier, the party hoped that he would be a leader but because of his selfish actions, he lost his dignity and warned that he would take action if anyone misused the party. The election was held under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma.
In his resignation letter, he said he wanted to leave the post for personal reasons.
He said that the incident in Langpih has caused a stir between the Khasi and Nepali communities due to the influx of Nepalis in Langpih besides those who are already there and those who want to come more.
When you have done all these things, come and tell me.
He said the NPP would talk to other like-minded parties to cooperate in the elections if possible but this would depend on the party's decision.
Aksai Chin is a large part of the Ladakh region, which is now under Chinese control.
If you can do so, this will increase your love and respect for each other.
The President of the Khasi Students Union (KSU), Samla Lambokstar Marngar, while talking to reporters, said that there are 18 Entry and Exit Points proposed by the State Government in the first phase as part of the implementation of the The Meghalaya Residents Safety and Security Act (MRSSA), 2016 but all of them have ended up in writing because there is no one on the ground.
The distribution of livestock should not be a hobby, it requires a thorough study of the land, climate, environment, and lifestyle of livestock according to the location. that they may live, and grow, and be of great profit unto them that receive them.
“At the same time, our farmers these days have become wise in marketing their crops without allowing foreigners to take advantage of the price.
If a strong family is dedicated to God, they are free from evil because they remember that God is the Lord, the protector and the builder of the family in the spiritual and physical world.
The tournament committee of the Union, after holding a meeting in the past few days, has issued a notice which will open the door for the players. who play from the 1st division to the 4th division.
The MLA Election 2023 is only three months away and we don't know that this time has come especially in these months the days are very short so the people should start thinking and praying. Before you decide whom you will choose to be your leader in
Among the four medal winners were three women and one man, who won two silver and two bronze medals.
According to latest reports, these commando policemen, took this step out of anger at the police chiefs who ordered them not to do anything after being shot dead inside the house of a policeman. head police.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District, Bah Sylvester Nongtnger, on 22nd June, 2013, these two persons were arrested by the police. They were searching their vehicles at IIM Shillong, Nongthymmai.
Namphyrnai Lyngdoh Peinlang, 21, of Peinlang village, Mairang, Eastern West Khasi Hills, was arrested on the 19th of this month. First, it was.
These teachers have protested against the government and demanded that the government should not re-employ them by sending them to other states. recently passed or intending to enter the teaching profession.
It will be, a great resurrection!.
This will also help to improve the working methods in all aspects of the clinic staff and paramedical staff involved in the Emergency Department.
Shillong: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) today lodged a complaint with the Minister in charge of Education, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui regarding the increase in tuition fees of private schools. young man.
When this happens, the English call it 'anthracnose'
Shillong, November 18: The Seng Khasi Mylliem has expressed its gratitude to the Meghalaya High Court on 6th November 2017 for its rights after more than a year of hearing on the 6th November which occurred on November 24, 2016).
Because it is through the school that we have received the true light to fight against the forces of darkness in these times and also to be able to rise up the children of the nation of Hynniewtrep Hynniewskum.
“The Government has given us guns and bombs in the past two years and we will return them with the flower of repentance so that they (the rulers) will repent of their sins. "It's their blood," said Bah Donbok.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 14: According to the norms of the Government of India, one District Hospital (Civil), CHCs, PHCs and Health Sub Centers have been set up in Meghalaya, according to the needs of the population.
All those who took part in this training program took part and it was through their presence that this day was made a success on how we can protect ourselves or help others if there is a problem. earthquakes caused by fires and other natural disasters.
On the other hand, Bah Kyrmen Shylla as the Chief Guest and Bah Sunshine Makri as the Chief Guest also handed over a donation to the AHOR group and hope that the competition will continue every year. They have the skills to drive and perhaps those who will go abroad to compete in such competitions.
“This action of the Deputy Commissioner shows clearly that there is a pressure to be injected,” said Nongrum.
“I also say to you.
The body of the deceased will be taken to Oongkaluh.
Jowai, November 30: The West Jaintia District Table Tennis Association (WJDTTA) today held the One Day Table Tennis Tournament
“We have deployed security forces to ensure peace and order,” she said.
Nongpoh: Two persons, Abdullah Hussain and Sanborlang Khaiong, have been arrested by the Byrnihat Police Outpost at 10 am today. that they were involved in acts of smuggling Gold.
“We as the supporters and members of the BCC and the Presidents of the Primary Units from all the 49 Primary Units who have supported the name of Dr. AA Pariong, are deeply surprised. and condemn whether there is violence," the men said.
The traditional teachings of the Presbyterian Church as outlined in this book include everything from faith, worship, justice and church governance to sales, trade, commerce, human rights and you rule khadar.
Any activities relating to illegal coal burning factories may be included in the reports submitted by Justice Katakey from time to time.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, UDP MLA from Khliehriat Kyrmen Shylla said that the Congress candidate is strong in Jaintia Hills as it is his home base.
Karnataka has started releasing water from the Cauvery Water Management Authority (CWMA) to Tamil Nadu as part of the implementation of the order, officials said.
Speaking to reporters, UDP Sohiong Circle President Titosstarwell Chyne said that the name of Synshar Lyngdoh, who is also the brother-in-law of HDR Lyngdoh, has been sent by the UDP Sohiong Circle. On the other hand, the party will think carefully before taking a final decision.
The Congress party on Tuesday accused the 33% quota for women in the Lok Sabha and Legislative Assemblies in the states of being a “betrayal” of crores of women and the women of the country.
According to information received by this reporter, as soon as the health officials from Meghalaya arrived at Baridua, there were people from Assam who had already waited and wanted to leave. However, as the health officials from Meghalaya and Baridua have not allowed these people from Assam, they have left for their homes. They have not received the injection from the health workers from Meghalaya.
Mawkyrwat, June 24: The SKSWKHD in collaboration with the Seng Khasi Sakwang, in collaboration with the Seng Khasi Sakwang, has organized a beautiful costume performance for male and female dancers on the first day of the month. On the 24th June, 2023, the IX (ninth) SSM was held at the Sakwang Village, South West Khasi Hills District.
Efforts have also been made to provide drinking water and other necessities to schools and anganwadi centres, and so far 7,703 schools (58 out of 100 and 2,831 (62 out of 100) in Anganwadi Center has been closed.
KSU West Khasi Hills District Unit and KSU Ri Muliang Circle, on receiving information about the incident, rushed to the village to comfort the Khasi residents and to inspect what happened from start to finish.
We don't have another place to settle, this is a place that we have to fight hard to preserve if not for ourselves, but for the young generation to come.
The 28-member delegation from Bangladesh was led by Deputy Commissioner of Sylhet District Md Shahidul Islam while Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District Sanjay Goyal led the delegation from Meghalaya.
Conrad also informed the meeting that the State Government will soon implement the State Wide Area Network to ensure that the internet will be strong throughout the State.
He said that those who retire from the 4th Pay Commission should receive T.7 lakh and those who retire after the 5th Pay Commission should receive T.10 lakh.
At the same time, she said that police recently arrested Storgy Lyngdoh, who smuggled from Bangladesh, who was also involved in peace talks with the government in the past months.
In the fourth and final match of the day, Thangsning SC beat Mawpyrshnong FC 3-0 goals. Kharumnuid in the 15th minute and Pherlystar Nongspung in the 47th minute.
Shillong, July 14: Robbers robbed a shop in the morning of the second day, he said. mobile phone in Motphran and it is suspected that the theft of mobile phones and other items could reach 20 lakh tyngka.
The opening ceremony of the Parish under the supervision of the Fathers of the Society of Divine Word, will be held during the Holy Mass which will begin at 10.00 AM led by Most. Rev. Victor Lyngdoh in the presence of Fathers from different Parishes of the Diocese of Jowai and abroad.
The meeting was conducted by Kong RM Kharsyntiew, Chief Judicial Magistrate-Cum-Secretary DLSA at the Conference Hall DC office on the 22nd of this month.
The meeting was attended by Commissioner & Secretary Sanjay Goyal, Secretary Revenue and Disaster Management Matsiewdor War Nongbri and other government officials from the SDMA Department. Cyclone, which includes landslides and heavy rainfall which has severely affected all districts of Meghalaya.
After this, a public speech will be held at the Polo Ground at noon.
The 15 players are Akash Choudhary (Captain), Rohit Shah, Ibitlang Thabah, Wilco Marak, Elchiang Momin, Rohit Thapa, Adarsh ​​Joshi, Mukesh K. Rai, Md Nafees Siddique. , to Surya Rai, to Kishan Lyngdoh, to Arbin Singh, to Pulkit Sansanwal(Guest Player – BCCI approved), to Kartik Pawar(Guest Player – BCCI approved), to Sarvesh Kalra(Guest Player – BCCI approved).
The Best School and Best Team was won by Jaintia Eastern HSS. All the winners received cash prizes of T.3000, T.2000 and T.1000 each.
An evil spirit has stirred him up.
In fact, India has decided to host the Under-17 Women's Championship, which is scheduled to be held from 11 to 30 March this year.
And it is wrong to put something in such a small plate, if it is a room that is expensive or expensive, we will lose that room because the more we put it, the more it will disappear.
For the 5 pm show, the queue started at 3.30 pm and for the Balcony, many people didn't get tickets even for the 5 pm show. evening.
After continuing the search operation in the area from time to time, the Shallang Police have arrested many militants of various insurgent groups who were hiding in the area and some of them have been killed. They were shot by the police and some of them came to surrender in front of them because of the fear and difficulty of the beating and they didn't feel there was anywhere to escape and hide.
These include 88 cases from East Khasi Hills, 2 cases from Ri Bhoi, 3 cases from South West Khasi Hills, 1 case from West Garo Hills and 1 case from West Khasi Hills.
Shillong, July 30: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the party has decided to introduce some new amendments to the party's constitution before the election. The General Council will be held on the 29th of this month after the expiry of the current term of the CEC.
Those who attended the program included Dr Mohan Bhattarcharya, Vice-Chancellor, Mahatma Gandhi University, 13th Mile, who was also the chief guest, Dr Dinesh Baishya, Former Principal, B. Borooah College, Guwahati. as the Chief Secretary and others.
India also went through struggles against the British Government and gained Independence on 15th July
Amlarem Social Club beat Dongmihsngi Mupyut 4-0 in the Super Division Football Tournament held at the Mini Stadium, Ladjaplem, Amlarem on Thursday.
This is a negligence of the government and the education department has neglected the schools in the rural areas.
They can look for employment opportunities abroad if there is no job in the state.
However, FlyBig has expressed its inability to continue the flight.
These vehicles were not handed over to any officer and were kept and used only by AIG (A).
Rida's friends, especially Hep, who lives in Mawkhar, came to visit Rida.
“On weekends hundreds of cars come here.
The Irrigation Department has suspended the release of water from the KRS and Kabini reservoirs for the supply of water to the irrigated areas and instead has suspended it to Tamil Nadu.
Even the wealthy private individuals have applied for land in New Shillong but the government has not given them.
Speeches were also delivered by Bah Tympang Pohshna, Dr Amanda Pakynteiñ, wife of Bah Banteidor, Bah James Ban Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the People's Democratic Front (PDF) Mawkynrew Constituency. .
However, if you pass well in the Class-XII examination of MBOSE but do not register for CUET within 06-05-2022, you will lose your education. that this year
Out of these 35, the Dorbar Shnong Mihmyntdu has honored Khadwiwed Chyrmang who has completed his PhD and Doctorate from Annamalai University.
Congratulating the Dorbar Shnong Umphrup and Mawryngkneng C&RD Block, Ms Isawanda Laloo said, “The work shows the ability and cooperation to transform the nation and society through the project from this scheme".
Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that he recently visited Europe and during that visit to Europe, he was surprised and met their scientists in Europe who are from Meghalaya.
Moses led the children of Israel through the Red Sea only with the rod that God sent.
The people of Rongjeng not only congratulate Conrad Sangma, but also congratulate the people of South Tura constituency who elected him,” he said.
The Waheh Shnong of Larnai, Bah Koyas Kharbihthai, alleged that on Sunday, suspected robbers from Maskut village came to attack and damage the farmland of 26 households of Larnai village.
The Supreme Court today ruled that the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) and the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) will continue as announced earlier.
This will be the Karbi House in Shillong.
The death toll in Italy has risen to 15,877, Spain to 13,055, the United States to 9,648 and France to 8,0
A struggle that is not only illegal but also suspects that they are not righteous or 'shutia'
The Quarter Final will be held on 19.10.2019, the Semi Final on 2.11.2019 and the Grand Final on
As we know, the corona virus is a disease that lives in animals, but it spreads to humans to cause disease in the body of the person they live with.
“It was not done by one or two people but by a committee and now the interview is ongoing, there are people who have come from outside to conduct the examination.
On the same day, the Minister also distributed checks as assistance to the women through the SHGs. T.4960000/- was also allocated for the Village Organisations. and T.440000/- for the Producers Groups as assistance and support to the women in Ri-Bhoi District.
Therefore, once you have taken the lyngkor, do it in the sight of God, and you will be glorified.
The employees of these offices also admitted that the deployment was the order of the heads of the office.
While she was drinking, Lanosha looked at Kong Lieh and saw that she was very happy.
“We are pleased with the cooperation of the police forces of Meghalaya and Assam in the fight against terrorists,” said Pipersenia.
“The Prime Minister also said that the Government is looking into all aspects of the recruitment process and will take action.
The interview for this post will be held on 16th July 2013 at 11:00 pm at this office.
Minister of Revenue, Rehabilitation and Disaster Management Bram Shanker Jimpa said that the money has already been released from the fund allocated for the assistance to the Deputy Commissioners of all 16 districts.
Speaking to reporters, the Rangbah Shnong and the youth organizations said that earlier they had met with the MLA of Mawlai where he had told them that the constituencies will remain the same as the MLA. Until these days, the people of Mawdatbaki are still thinking that Mawdatbaki will fall under Mawlai, but suddenly before the start of the elections, it was announced that the village has been divided into three constituencies.
The opening ceremony was conducted by Prof. DK Nayak, Vice Chancellor in-charge, NEHU, Shillong.
Dr. Vincent Darlong, Ex-Vice Chancellor, Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong was the chief guest, Sri. Vivek Kumar, Co-Founder and Director, Saindur Enviro Shillong and Waheh Chnong Khliehtyrshi. and members of the Rotary Club, Jowai.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India has forecast no rainfall till 2.30 pm today.
After completion of all the investigations, the body was placed at the morgue of the Civil Hospital, Shillong.
