However, it can also be witnessed that the pressure on academic performance causes this anxiety.
The decision of the meeting will be discussed at a meeting to be held on the 8th between the Cabinet and the Chief Minister.
These foods are often high in fat and fat so they are not very healthy.
The final program of the festival in Jowai was held in the evening at Mukoi Pyrdi, Loom Pyrdi, Iongpiah Jowai where there was a Kper Syntu and Pynjaw dance.
The State Government has already submitted its recommendations.
Ricky AJ Syngkon of the VPP has defeated the third term Congress MP from Shillong Vincent H Pala by more than 3,70,000 votes. The NPP candidate, who is also the sister of the Chief Minister, Agatha A Sangma, lost by more than 1,50,000 votes.
Mumbai: Maharashtra Chief Minister Uddhav Thackeray today said that 80 percent of the coronavirus cases in the state have not shown any symptoms.
In the second match, Shillong College Hr.Education beat Iewrynghep Secondary School 2-0
The suspect was arrested by the Meghalaya Police under the leadership of Inspector BK Mishra from a village in Dhanbad district in Jharkhand after a complaint from the residents regarding the theft of money from an ATM. The state has not been prosecuted under the Information Technology Act.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma, congratulated Himanta and the CEM of KAAC and praised the construction of Karbi Hamtun and youth hostel which has started.
Shillong: The Lower Primary School of Khanduli, Jaintia Hills, was inaugurated by Ma Ju Nongrum, Deputy CEM of JHADC, on 8th July
Only one strategy, strength and understanding will lead us as Khasi to the path of righteousness and truth of the new Khasi humanity.
In the past 10 months, the number of cases has increased by 36-37 percent, which is unprecedented in Delhi.
As for the NPP candidate, I feel that he has given more lakhs than he has given to me.
He was appointed Vice Provincial of Guwahati Province and Rector of Provincial House, Guwahati on 28th July, 1990 and held this post until 5th July,
According to the manager, the guard did not know or hear anything but saw after the fire broke out and immediately informed the police.
After this action of the VPP, Garo Hills was in turmoil, when various parties expressed their anger and strong opposition to this action of the VPP on the Policy and System.
Shillong, Naitung 2: The Employment Cell of the KSU Sengkmie has demanded that the Chief Post Master General should be appointed by the indigenous people for the post of Gramin Dak Sevak Brand Post Master across the state. .
The union also urged the state government to include the chief executives to be members of the Districtr Task Force to curb the infiltration of foreign authorities.
The coalition government has 21 members from the NPP, 6 from the UDP, 2 from the HSPDP, 4 from the PDF, 2 from the BJP, 1 from the NCP and Independent.
“Because I have already said that the person whom they want to give ticket to is a person who is not with us and he has been from one group to another and he is no longer according to our meeting and the public.
They hide the righteous and true investigation like a prisoner, but those who do not know the people, they keep it secret until it is complete.
“We have followed worldly wisdom without forgetting our roots," she said.
Mawsynram MLA Olan Sing Suin, Deputy Commissioner East Khasi Hills RM Kurbah and other health officials were also present at the meeting. don't be afraid.
Shillong: Members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) NEHU unit together with the Hynniewtrep Central Body today met with the SP City, Bah Steve Rynjah to discuss the shooting death of one of the members of the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC). HYC today met on 9th March 2019 at 11 am.
TULBA Mawkyrwat Unit would like to invite anyone who wishes to donate or support for this poor family whether it is a lot or a little as a sign of solidarity. TULBA believes that if anyone supports them, it will be a blessing not only to their group but to that family who is suffering in all aspects.
The strike of the President of the VPP and MLA of Nongkrem in June-July this year to demand that the Meghalaya government should change the employment quota has strengthened the VPP. , a period when one party used to be able to win over communities and politics.
In 1974, the Registrar of Societies Act registered the Moosalyngkat Local Committee.
Under this programme, MSRLS has also set up 380 multi-cropped kitchen gardens.
The union has also sent a letter to the Director of Health Services (DHS) demanding that the DM&HO of West Jaintia Hills District should be suspended immediately. higher or even to the Court.
The election of the President of the party was held after the former President of the party, Nidamon Chullet, who was sentenced to life imprisonment by the District Sessions Court, Jowai on 19th July .
On the other hand, Bah Pangniang said that the RDA will cooperate in the MDC elections as it has done in the previous elections, although there will be no division of constituencies. issues that as national organizations have the same goals.
This is also the third goal for the rising star to score at the World Cup.
He said that when the relief team arrived on Tuesday night, they were working and cleaning only for a few hours but they rested because they were tired. and they had to stop because of the darkness.
And in that prayer he also sang the song: Don't turn away from me, O Jesus, my dear Hear my cry.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23 : Meghalaya beat Railways by nine wickets in the U-25 Men's State A Trophy on Friday in Chandigarh.
Shillong: UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy has denied rumors that the UDP may decide to form a government with the Congress after winning from Ranikor in the last elections.
"I feel like I've done it," said Gratia and ate the tyrso sdieh. "Thank you, son, but maybe there are many other ways of teaching," said the father and squeezed the tall sohmynken. "Number 2 will be better," said the mother. "Then it should be so," said the mother and said, "How many of us?" It is the duty of these children to make us happy when we grow old,” said the father and stood up to leave.
“On the other hand, the United Progressive Alliance will not stand idly by but will continue to expose many illegal activities in the market,” said the HIA. Mumbai: “What is the UPA (United Progressive Alliance)? There is no UPA,” said West Bengal Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee after meeting with NCP President Sharad Pawar.
When we arrived, the Principal welcomed us and gave us something to eat.
Exodus 32:3-6.
“I am a citizen of Lum Garo by birth and I am also an Indian citizen. I have the right to seek information under the provisions of U/S 3 of the RTI Act,
He said that it is at this time that we are given an account to God, how much we can serve our own religion and how much we can serve our brothers and sisters, our family and our community. in society.
On Batesi TV, the public can watch the daily news, and a music program called Marynthing on Sundays and every first day of the month.
In the Constitution, District Councils (ADCs) are sub-governments between the Central Government (District Government & State Government).
The outbreak of this disease has shocked everyone.
to the feeling of “Paradoh-Parasnam” which has been reflected in their works.
She said that Deep's character has a bishni spirit and she is very worried about him for his drug addiction.
NEHU has agreed to implement the Policy by allowing the Colleges to choose.
The total number of cases is 18,985, 15,122 are still undergoing treatment, 3,260 have recovered and 603 have died.
East Khasi Hills has 266 cases, West Khasi Hills 8, West Jaintia Hills 5, Ri Bhoi 6, West Garo Hills 4, East Jaintia Hills 2 and East Garo Hills
We all have to understand that we cannot just sit and sell until we get land because it is our own country.
For more information please contact the office or phone 9485446326/8
Nurse RS Synrem, Lighthouse, Sd.
Then, when he has cleaned and wrapped it in plastic, he sells it back to us at the price of 10 tyngka 10 grams.
Similarly, Mynkrem, Khliehriat, Saphohwaiong, Longsnieh, Madansynrang villages under the 1st Nartiang Constituency and Nongjngi villages under the 3rd Raliang Constituency Assembly have expressed their deep sorrow and grief. The road has been destroyed for decades and has not been repaired or rebuilt.
“If you don't want to accept this proposal, please bring it and we will agree,” he said.
There have been some political parties who have praised the decision of the Supreme Court to protect various illegal activities from the kidnapping and rape of women to the spread of illegal trafficking and others, but there are There are also other organizations which are violating and fighting against the order of the Supreme Court and the example is this ambulance without number plate and the HNPF flag. It is not known why the authorities in charge of the transport department The department has investigated the incident of illegal activities in Jaintia Hills.
Went for medicine but it didn't help.
Leaders of the three organizations, including Airmen Wahlang, Vice President of HNYF, Mormesor Rani, President of UHM and Wos Thangkhiew of HITO, alleged that these foreigners, who There is no court for sla, the three bylla is led by a Khasi.
The Cheetah Project Steering Committee is monitoring the project and has expressed its satisfaction with the implementation so far.
Now we are happy, but tomorrow we have to prepare for the semi final because we want to reach the final.
If you have to arrest anyone, arrest me, arrest our MLAs.
He said that he is not a good fisherman like others but he goes fishing only occasionally and he catches 2 or 3 kilos of fish.
Shillong: There is a fierce ticket race within the UDP from Laitumkhrah constituency between Bah Neil Antonio War, MDC who recently joined the UDP and Bah Neil Antonio War. Anthony Nongbri, the UDP MDC candidate from the constituency in 2014, was defeated by more than 200 votes by Antonio, who was contesting from the Congress party.
Although recently the villages in this area have experienced violence in Assam after the destruction of a school in Khliehumwang and the Duk houses in Umru, it is something else. It is surprising that in the Synrai Dorbar of the Legislative Assembly recently, there was not a single Nongmihkhmat to speak on the issues of the people living in the area, they added.
The Rajya Sabha MP said the decision is now up to the central government.
The doctors told me to stay.
On the other hand, the Prime Minister, Dr. Mukul Sangma, who is currently in Johannesburg, South Africa, has expressed his satisfaction with the opportunity to take over the State House at Russell Street, Kolkata.
The two-day tournament for the title of the 29th State Karate Championship 2023 has started with the participation of 40 districts of Meghalaya.
“We have not discussed the shopping mall as one of the MUDA. The shopping mall we are planning is one of the most important in the state.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Samlin said that during the meeting, the office bearers discussed the cooperation for the upcoming elections in Sohiong and as the party wants to win this election.
Himalaya appealed to the state government to provide urgent protection to the residents of the area and urged the DC East Khasi Hills to take action against them. on the borders and parts of India.
In addition, the ADR said that 85 out of 375 candidates with assets and wealth of Rs 5 crore or more.
After this, such specially made clothes had to be sold at a reasonable price.
Please explain in more detail the word faithfulness and quote from various verses in the Bible. Please explain its meaning as faithfulness to Jesus is also faithfulness to others.
SS Rajamouli as a filmmaker is very fond of changing his style of filmmaking and this new film will be produced through VFX. because the role he had to play was more difficult and challenging.
The Wildlife Department has been silent when a farmer from Pung Weikyian village near Nongjri has been injured by a wild animal.
Of course, we are afraid that we will die because we are not surprised.
The number of confirmed cases has risen to 4,080 and the death toll has risen to
The group recalled its reply in the State Legislative Assembly to a question by Bah TW Chyne MLA, in which he assured that the government will pay the fees of the students.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20: Regarding the complaint of Madal Sumer from Jowai, the Governor today said that he is in talks with the Election Commission of India on the matter.
Therefore, the NPP's plan to return to power in 2023 is exactly like a promise while Hati is still alive.
After 1 minute, H.Elias scored the third goal through Andy Khmah.
Meghalaya Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma and Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma recently signed a MoU before Defense Minister Amit Shah in Delhi to end the dispute between them. seven spots were on the boundary in the first round.
Nongstoiñ, November 16: The Executive Committee of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has appointed the Executive Committee for the restructuring of the villages for the MDC election. District Council as Chairman with members including Dr. SL Marbaniang Ex MLA, Mrs. R. Myrboh Retired Teacher, Dr. DRL Nonglait Professor Department of Khasi, NEHU, Mr. M. Kharkrang Former Secretary The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) on November 15, 2013, visited Nongstoiñ to hold a public hearing on the restructuring of villages for the MDC constituencies.
Don't have a good variety of clothes; there are those who first appeared on the American continent, there are those who first appeared in Africa, and there are those who appeared together in Asia and Africa.
Speaking to media, NEHUSU President Mandor Diengdoh said that one of the biggest challenges facing the students of the state in terms of education is the Central University Entrance Test (CUET). Exam.
The Khasi film was released at the same cinema hall in November, 2017, three years ago and this will be the second time that it will be screened, said Bah Biscorious Wahlang, producer and director. Continue Production with Hope Studio Creation.
Although we follow a multi-party system, we have achieved a balance of affairs.
Rida, who had continued her schooling, had come to take the matric examination.
Up to 18 schools from Jakrem village have participated in the 2nd Inter School Sport Meet which started on the 20th and ended on the 21st June
“At present, the installation of CRPs will be limited to areas where there is violence and where violence is likely to occur.
Memorial HSS beat Joel Gatphoh HSS 3-0 and Rev.JJM Nichol's Roy SS beat Anderson HSS 1-0 The final of the tournament will be played on the 7th (Wednesday).
In Mawryngkneng constituency, the turnout was 32140 while the turnout was 27294 which is 84.92%.
“We have discussed this issue with the leaders in Delhi and the answer we have received is that they have assured us that there will be no ban on food or slaughter of cows in the North East of India,” he said. , confirmed Mr. Lyngdoh.
On this occasion, the BJP has alleged that these remarks of Bah Pala are only an attempt to mislead the people.
The JHADC has ordered all the Dolloi who have been suspended and removed to return their documents and seals to the Acting Dolloi appointed by the Council and to the Administrative Officer of the JHADC. The Meghalaya High Court will issue its verdict tomorrow on the allegation of theft in the appointment of 34 posts of Meghalaya Police Service Officer.
Revelation 6:5-6
In the meeting with the Minister of Agriculture, he promised to take action to issue another announcement so that the education of the students of the state should not be delayed. as if you were.
It is believed that the cause of the fire was due to an electrical fault in the house.
As it turns out, there is no confidence in us who do the work of God.
A 59-year-old man was shot dead on Sunday while swimming about 150m (500ft) in the beach in Noumea, authorities said.
If it affects those who earn in the right way, what has the government done to those High-Level smugglers who go at night to smuggle coal? Does the Government have an answer to the 'High-Level' questions? The government doesn't want to do anything against the 'High-Level' because it is involved while it is exploiting the poor and rich who earn their living in the right way.
At the same time, the JSU through this statement today, expresses its regret over the difficulties faced by many students in applying for their scholarships especially those who apply for Renewal Scholarships due to lack of funds. to lock In.
We too cannot refuse to support this initiative of the RBYF, as it has taken a very good path for the people of the area, but we condemn the government for keeping silent on this issue.
Jame also expressed his deep sorrow over the incident especially over the lack of fire trucks in Shallang. She has sent many letters to request for the establishment of a Fire Service in Shallang to provide assistance in such incidents but till now nothing has been done.
He said that the mushlia of the Assam government officials from time to time, has stirred up the party in the state as a whole, especially when the Assam officials say that they will Meghalaya is not allowed to take even 10 inches of land, which they have taken from Kampahduli to Mawsikar.
"GreenNE has grown thanks to the hard work of Ayoshee Beriwal and with the assistance of the state government through the PRIME scheme. In July 2020, the PRIME program was launched by the Chief Minister. u Conrad K Sangma, thanks to the implementation and cooperation of all those who have come forward to start and employ others, which has really changed the lives of the youth and people in the state.
God strives to keep man away from sin, “As far as the east is from the west, so far hath he removed our transgressions (sins) from us”.
Soh Trun from this state is high in brix value of 16-18 and low in yield.
We will contest the 2024 elections with hard work and you will see what will come out where it will be better than the past elections in Odisha," he said.
He said that as of now, the situation in the city has improved.
The NPP now lacks only three MLAs to reach the 32-member majority in the 60-member Legislative Assembly.
The union is also surprised how the blue water tanks of the office have reached the wrong places, such as in the construction of drains to the fields and others.
The people have had to accept the MDA 2.0 government in the hope that it will do good for them without partiality.
The Deputy Commissioner of Excise, East Jaintia Hills District, Khliehriat has declared a three day dry day in three places including Ladrymbai Dongwah, Ladrymbai Khliehdupon and Dienchynrum for the upcoming elections. The 23rd, 24th and 26th of May, 2023 will be held on the 23rd, 24th and 26th of May.
“But I understand now I will get evidence from my close friends and if I feel that they are trying to take my life I will file an FIR at the police station or whatever you say Kmie” said the father. I don't know, but I'm ready to cooperate with whatever you decide..." said the Men Kmie. "I'll go ahead and get some evidence first... You just listen because that friend is coming After that they got ready to go to bed, because it was late.
When his mother heard of this, she went to find out the exact information. She went to every house in Riliang where there were young daughters and asked immediately but they didn't know.
The Lat Mandal, who was arrested on that day, was taken to judicial custody for further investigation.
Through special protected areas, legal steps, habitat restoration, and public education, India is working to protect these birds.
“If the government issues such an order, we will buy food or uniforms,” he said.
The Bouncer Association Meghalaya (BAM) Jaintia Hills has celebrated its 10th Anniversary in Jaintia Hills by conducting a training on COVID-19 vaccination to encourage youth aged 18 years to The elderly should be given the right to protect themselves from the disease on the second day.
KSU Namdong Unit President Chanbor War and KSU Namdong Unit President Ohibait Dkhar and others visited the hospital on the 24th of this month. .
He said he has also discussed with the Hima of the Syiem of Sohra regarding the land for the project.
On the other hand, the Lamphang said that the materials required for the main central hall have already been received and they expect the construction to go smoothly.
The Forest Department has released T.8 crore to former Umroi MLA Bah SW Rymbai for a 1.78 sq km plot of land at Mawpalai.
Meanwhile, Bah Danny Pariat, Secretary of SRGT, said, “This gate has been in existence for many years but we have never used it to close it.
Shillong, July 9 : As the election is approaching and it is the custom that any officer who has worked in the same post for more than two years, the government will have to dismiss them before the election. The Election Commission of India (ECI) has ordered the dismissal of several officers including the DC of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo IAS and the SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah S.K. In place of Isawanda, the government has appointed SC Sandhu as the new DC and Isawanda has been transferred as Director of Community and Rural Development and Secretary to look after the Fisheries Department.
In the Under-14 men's category, HK Singh Secondary School beat KB Memorial Secondary School East Jaintia Hills 4-1 in a tie-breaker. goals until the end of the game.
They said that although they don't perform the Knia ka Khriam or slaughter a goat or a cow inside the Lum Kyntang, but now they cleanse every year inside the Lum Kyntang. .
The UN General Assembly has refused to send its representatives, who are near the area, to visit the area where the shooting took place, because the Russia and China are not allowing the West to take tough decisions against the Syrian government, as they have previously blocked on the same issue.
Only 25 players per category will be allowed for screening.
The arrest and detention of top leaders of the party came after the call for a protest on Tuesday caused riots in many parts of the state.
“We need to work together to restore peace and order in Garo Hills,” said Marak while taking part in the House on the Governor's speech.
But as I said, I came here to show my solidarity with the school, the children, the MC and the entire community,” he said.
As part of protecting South Korea's security, the United States and South Korea have recently stepped up cooperation to train and train their troops with the use of warplanes. to prevent North Korea's aggression if North Korea attacks South Korea at any unknown time.
According to the employees of the factory, the coal consumption will be many times less than the old factory as it has been built with modern technology.
The female candidates are Rona Khymdeit, Amanda Annette Pakyntein, Rebecca Kharmujai, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Teilina Thangkhiew, Saralinda Kharlukhi and Badariti Lyngdoh Nonglait.
He said that this is an opportunity for those talented youth to showcase their talents.
Chanki Langbang was elected as the full Dolloi of Shangpung Elaka after receiving 2786 votes against the second place candidate in the counting of votes held at the MDC Hostel, Iawmusiang Jowai on Thursday.
Shillong: The state government through its authorities has admitted that it has taken many steps to improve the city of Shillong, with the advice of a group of experts. The High Court of Meghalaya, while hearing the PIL filed by Philip Khrawbok Shati, said that the government has not yet appointed a professional agency to improve the quality of education in the country. .
One of the ongoing protests is the protest against the illegal infiltration of other ethnic groups into the Bri u Hynniewtrep which has affected the society of the indigenous people.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 24 : Police of East Jaintia Hills District, today at 10.30 pm received a tip that someone was trying to smuggle and smuggle heroin by a woman. , whose name is Maya Gwala.
How to cultivate tit :-When the seeds have been harvested and sown in water, the skum kba has been cleaned.
On this occasion, Bah Sanbor handed over mementos and laptops to the students who have achieved the highest ranks and those who come from low income families.
“As we mentioned earlier, the Modi government has not yet conducted the 2021 census, and only India among the G20 countries has failed to complete it,” he said.
In Ri Bhoi District, the availability of rice fields has benefited the farmers and the reason is that besides cultivating rice which they feed their families and after harvesting ne They have also been able to plant many kinds of jhur to support their families by selling their produce to the market.
Donbok Dkhar said that according to the information received by the party, there are about 19 vacancies since 2019, of which 16 posts have been filled, of which Twenty posts have been appointed for Khasi-Jaintia and four for Garo, while the remaining two posts have been allocated for Garo. who have retired from office.
A major boost to NorthEast’s transport connectivity.
It is a world of poverty and misery.
For from Jerusalem he shall rule the whole world by his new law, which is called The beast, a terrible rule, because he hath the spirit of a wild beast, he shall rule the world three times. year and a half.
I believe that we have not made a mistake in choosing such people because they will continue to widen and deepen this gap which separates the rich from the poor and the strong from the weak.
Are many Christian Rangbah Shnongs willing to disclose their financial income and working methods so that non-Christians can follow their faithful example? Or they have to implement the right to know in their villages.
Nongpoh, June 26: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi Sepngi has expressed its deep sorrow over the affected people of the villages in the Ri Bhoi Sepngi area, due to the increasing power outage. It has affected the jobs and needs of the people of the area who in this age need adequate electricity.
Others who attended the ceremony included the Chairman of the Indian Red Cross Society, Bah RO Wallang, Pastors of the Church, Rev Chongloi of Kuki Church and others. .
We cannot count it as troin but we must not misuse it.
The father of the house, Shanborlang Marak, was seriously injured.
The other two members of the CoA are former Chief Election Commissioner of India SY Quraishi and former captain of the Indian football team Bhaskar Ganguly.
The Morning Sermon will be preached and distributed by Bah Jonas Shadap who is also the Vice President of the Seng Rangbah Zone VII along with other programs and will conclude with a Blessing.
Shillong: The eNabling North East Development Award (NEDF) has been awarded to the North East Development Foundation (NEDF) in collaboration with Digital Empowerment. Foundation (DEF) and United Nations Development Program (UNDP) as one of the sponsors announced the winners in various categories on 20 July
Both the tournaments were organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The desire of the school to open a school even now when all the protocols are in place is something that is silly to think and do. We don't know when and where this disease will come to attack us.
Work and funding by the National Book Trust, India in the form of seminars, publication of books for children and on the State and Book Fairs.
Sandhu has about T.30 crore.
Speaking on the former Parliament, Prime Minister Duh said that it was the Imperial Legislative Council before India gained independence and was recognized as the Parliament of India after the independence of India. freedom.
Shillong, November 13 : Meghalaya has received Rs 340.50 crore from the SIDS for the construction of 12 projects allocated to various departments.
Shillong: On the night of 2.3rd March, 2013, robbers stole a motorcycle (ML-05R-9828) belonging to Bah Kyntiewbok Lyngdoh Mawphlang from his residence in Dongkadiang, Nongmensong. Shillong.
However, when it was reconstructed, it was surprising, because according to the announcement of the government that it has allocated more than Rs 5 crore for the road, but the method of work does not match the budget.
When asked whether the union accepts the government's decision to join hands with the private sector and run the factory, Bah Shanlang said that the union has nothing to say. This is because the first struggle should be for the rights of the workers and not for other issues.
“TUR stands on and supports the principles of the law and the human rights of every citizen and we strongly condemn the killing of Bah Cheristerfield Thangkhiew by the authorities.
The International Day of Action for Rivers is a special day in the world and every year on 14th October this day is celebrated to promote water conservation and river conservation.
Laitphar said that Dr. Himanta's claim that Mukroh falls under West Karbi Anglong district, Assam has been rejected in the Assam Assembly and the allegation that the Assam Forest Protection Force and Assam Police have clashed with timber thieves. it is merely creating and misleading the people.
Mawnai, July 4: The Mawnai Presbyterian Church, the first Christian Church in the Hima Nongkhlaw (formerly Khatsawphra) and even in the Western Khasi Hills, has celebrated its 150th Anniversary. 27th of last month, in the midst of great violence.
They had not heard or understood anything that Jesus had said that day in Jerusalem.
Therefore, this word 'Bud Kpieng' which is written on a golden plate and paila from its righteous, righteous source has built not only the wealth of the law but also the wealth of the souls of the Law. You are God.
The order was issued by the District Magistrate on the recommendation of the District Medical and Health Officer, West Jaintia Hills. COVID-19 cases in the district.
Debate: The meaning of tyrko-tyrko is to express the word markynti between two cases.
The Seng also finds that the Government through the Agriculture Marketing Board has not taken action to set the Minimum Support Price for various agricultural products. to bring a new way of thinking according to the present era in the way of selling or transporting these agricultural products from this state.
“The NPP and the BJP are the same.
This is the great tribulation that will come.
The Minister of State for Electricity, James K Sangma today announced this after the Cabinet meeting.
I just looked at him and asked who he was. "He said me," said Riniki Bhuyan Sarma.
When asked how other ethnic groups came to settle in these villages, he said that according to the documents received, in 1965 the Syiem declared this area as Raid Umsohbar-warmawsaw.
In the women's 50-59 category, Ibameri Shullai came first, Soniya Sharma came second and Vihaya Gupta came third.
He said that the decision of the Prime Minister to meet with the protesters by sit-in is better even if it takes a long time, than not to meet (better late than never).
After these plants began to decline and become extinct and difficult to obtain due to human deforestation and also due to the increase in cultivation, farmers had to cultivate them. forest and to burn the trees and branches so that the soil will be fertile, now they have started to plant these medicinal plants in their own areas.
And we should not choose only those who have passed many degrees in education but do not know how to create opportunities to help the poor and needy people.
According to the statistics of Shangpung District, the population in the year of the establishment of the Church was twenty-one (21). .
In my opinion, there are two main reasons for the pollution of the water of this river. One is the flow of water from the shops in Standwar especially the shops. long of the households that are in this household.
The opposition parties including the KSU, FKJGP, JSU, JSM, HYC, HYNF and others and village leaders in Darrang Elaka including Dawki, Dawki, Darrang and others under the leadership of Pyrwa Lymba, The Dolloi of Darrang Elaka have turned to the venue of the public hearing to protest against the district authorities' decision to suspend the public hearing.
The entry and exit of the area has been closed, and outsiders cannot enter the area and those in these houses cannot leave the area, according to a government statement. sun.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, u Bah Vincent Pala said that those who have applied for ticket from the Congress to contest the MP election for the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency are only himself. Saleng A. Sangma has won the election for Tura Parliamentary Constituency.
However, after the news of the election, there was a strong opposition especially from the candidate who wants to contest the 2023 MLA election.
Those who want to reach heaven must not be proud, speak evil of others, or despise others.
Unleash : you want to unleash the law or the law.
Captain Sunil Chhetri, goalkeeper Gurpreet Singh Sandhu and defender Sandesh Jhingan will be the three players over the age of 10 to join the team.
Therefore, the party requests all the office bearers of the party in various units of the State from Regional Units, District Units, Sub-Divisional Units, Block Units, Circle Units and others, to Please take the time to attend this meeting so that the work and objectives of the organization will be successful.
Badagazni is an area in Bangladesh where the illegal immigrants have fled from India because they used to have good relations with the ethnic minorities living in the village, according to a BSF source. The people of this village used to show mercy and help the rebel groups.
The Cease Fire Ground Rules shall be in force for one year from the date of signing of the Cease Fire Ground Rules.
The Minister said that under the leadership of the Prime Minister, there have been many jobs in the cooperative sector in the country.
Shillong, Jymmang 17 : All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) Leader Dr Mukul Sangma has said that he has already directed the two AITC MLAs to work hard. die in the 2023 MLA election.
Shillong, Nailar : The Mait-Ti Society has organized an Awareness Program on the topic “Child Marriage” on 26th Nailar, 2022 at E.Usai Memorial Hall. Nongmadan, Pynursla, Rangthylliang and Urksew-Wahpathaw villages came to participate.
The residents of Khliehtyrshi village had to protest against this on the night of the 22nd and 23rd after the District Magistrate of West Jaintia Hills had issued a ban. 144 Cr.
To avoid such incidents, the Assam Police have sought the assistance of the Meghalaya Police in Nongstoiñ.
Speaking to this reporter, Prakash explained that from the beginning of the incident, he said that on that night, there were several Nepali children who were riding bicycles together. He said that before they died, there were some Muslim youths who had beaten up their Muslim brothers because they were playing with them. Nepali children and Nepali children were also shocked and there was a heavy fighting at the scene until the people came out to see but he said there was no fighting.
Because of the works which should have cost only 5,000 tyngka, have had to spend tens of thousands of rupees, due to the large number of brokers who do not own the office and the slow pace of operation.
Sitting in her small room, 95-year-old Hiraben watched her son, who was sworn in as prime minister, on television.
The Nine Drinking Waters The Khyndai Umtong are only proverbs, not that there are 18 (Khadphra) wells of drinking water.
“This five-day Mangtyngka Dorbar will start from the 16th and end on the 27th June,” said the Lamphang.
Even if you pass the ranks of Engineer in various fields, you will find that the age of employment is too late and the time, energy and money is spent only when applying for jobs.
Barcelona have taken the lead since the 13th minute and have managed to hold on to their defense with 13 goals, 14 more than any other club.
"This club has a very good approach to running football in India, and I am looking forward to continuing to be involved in the years to come," Singh said. to meet all the requirements for this social agreement.
Shillong, Nailar 23 : The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that the state government will take a decision on Thursday regarding the three Medical Colleges to be set up in the state.
Preparations regarding Shah's visit are on," the official added.
It is also the support of the NPP, HSPDP and especially the UDP workers and the people of Shella,” said Balajiedkupar.
Railways, which was supposed to play against Meghalaya earlier, did not come out and this led to Meghalaya to score the most points in the group.
Bah Riban said that a day will be set by the Lai Kynthei to honor the Sordar, so he will take the opportunity to have a special meeting with the supporters on that day. All the supporters, men and women, from the elderly, young to the young, are requested to come and give your information so that you can shake hands with the Sordar on that day.
When will those graves be destroyed? I ask, When will the day of victory come? How many souls will die in the cities and villages? Let the voice of hope be heard in our homes every hour; and we are lost.
At the same time, he said that about 30 percent of the BJP supporters do not vote in his constituency because there is no lotus flower.
Rejoice, this is a lesson for you and always use order.
Jowai, November 18: The 3rd Sniawbhalang Football Tournament 2023 was held today at the Wahiajer Stadium.
“At present we are preparing to install 60 Mandals in all 60 constituencies, as of now we have set up 49 Mandals and we have set a target that by November 2016 we will install 60 Mandals,” said Shi. -Bun Lyngdoh President of the BJP in the state.
On this occasion, government officials have kept secret the names of Conrad Sangma, Prestone Tynsong, AL Hek;  However, the Minister of Home Affairs, who used to expose theft and here too, told exactly the villages of the 3 cases in his constituency, the shops that they have, whether they are sha shops, the shops. shops and others.
Shillong, July 05: The Institute of Natural Resources (INR) Meghalaya has launched a Citronella plantation project in Narwan village, East Jaintia Hills District to improve the soil. The INR's goal is to revive agriculture in the area, because if the time comes for the coal to run out, it will not cause problems to the farmers. if they turn back to agriculture as a source of income.
Before the end of the meeting, the 73rd Foundation Day Stickers were launched and the Unit Leaders were awarded the title of Best Scouts Master-Best Guides Captain.
The purpose of this is to raise awareness among the participants and listeners from all schools on how to treat blood pressure.
Kishore Chettri also showed his skills by finishing fourth in the 85kg Senior Men category.
The Hon'ble Court has suspended his trial in half and will resume on 7th June,
It is to be recalled that the incident of burial of five miners in the coal mine happened on the 30th June 2021 and the first body was recovered on the 16th of this month. but there was no one who came.
Let no man deceive you, neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind" (1 Corinthians 6:9).
Do not spare them, but kill both man and women, child and infant, ox and sheep, camel and donkey…….
Watch! The Party – Democracy or Demon CracyCongress- is the mother of the people of India, the Indian Union from East-West, East-West. The country according to the boundaries of the land is not part of God.
He was ordained Lyngdoh Sohblei on 23rd July
The scheme was scheduled to end on Tuesday, but will now be operational until 31st November
The three children said that they used to keep the taro at home but now they have placed it under a tree behind the house of Nijanduh Phawa.
If you find that the writing in the court does not match the facts on the ground, you should lodge a complaint with the police or file a case before the Meghalaya High Court.
Mewada Shylla tied 38 runs off 33 balls and Rio Hame Rymbai tied 33 runs off 20 balls.
“The Token No. is issued after the payment of the fee.
When he arrived at Lydia's house, he immediately went out to meet her.
Finally, I would like to express that alone and personally I cannot say that I believe in the God I serve, my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ, who died on the Cross for the sins of mankind. I believe that he who rose again from the dead the third day is now at the right hand of God, and I believe that he will come again and judge all my works.
Conrad Sangma, 50 years old, has become the zero for Reservation Policy.
Meghalaya has won two medals in the 3rd North East Games as of 6 pm today. In the boxing category, Sanjeev Maskut (48 kg) and Ram Lyngdoh (60 kg) qualified for the semifinals. Pencak Silat won the bronze medal in the Tunggal tournament, while in the football category, the encouraging news was a 2-1 defeat to Arunachal Pradesh.
Therefore, it is appropriate that parents in these days should think and take care of their children because the spread of evil is increasing and if parents cannot control their children from an early age will lead to many problems.
A total of 25 players from the North East Zone have been selected by the BCCI for this camp.
The Apostle Paul in his Second Letter to the Church in Upper Asia Minor, written in 64 AD, wrote: “Knowing this first, that in the last days critical times hard to deal with will be here. blasphemers, walking after their own lusts.
“This allegation is an offense under Section 499 and other related sections of the Indian Penal Code,
Shillong, July 12: Children of the city under the banner of the Child Right Movement, Shillong have joined hands to campaign against the Central Government's plan to amend the Child Labor (Prohibition and Regulation) Amendment Bill, government on 13th January.
Speaking to reporters on Saturday, MeFilMA President Commander Shangpliang strongly condemned the incident and said that the YouTuber's actions were an exploitation and should be condemned. by everyone.
“If the land belongs to the SMB or the Hima Mylliem, it will be difficult for the government to end the talks and go ahead by removing them,” said Bah Kharjahrin.
Besides the CEM of KHADC, Bah O.Syiemsad Syiem of Rambrai Hima, Bah B.Nonglang Minister of Rambrai Hima, Lyngdohs, Sordars from various villages of the Hima were also present. thousands of this kingdom and others.
Such leaders were not born but not made.
Earlier, the Hima Mylliem had introduced two types of uniforms of the same colour, but the difference is that the Daju Khasi were given the letter K and the number while the Daju Dkhar were given the uniform. NT (Non-Tribal) and the number, but now they have changed it and there is no longer the writing K or NT but the number and so on.
He also explained that there are those who are disabled only after they have grown older due to the appearance of bacteria in the fingers or toes called ñianglyngkut.
The incident happened at Potamati village.
She also warned that if she finds that there are any residents of Nartiang who are defaming the name of the party, she will not forgive and take strong action, the statement said.
The incident started when some people threw stones at the BSF camp at Lad Umsyiem and this prompted the troops to bomb lathi and shoot to intimidate the BSF. They went to throw stones at the guardhouse.
Referring to the match on the second day of the 2nd of June, some of the resolutions; In the Under-14 category, Archemi Shylla Govt.
This is according to a statement sent by Bah Jlen Sohtun – Headman and Bah Kupar Sohtun – Secretary.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 04: Ri-Bhoi Police together with CRPF on Tuesday seized a truck at Lad Umsaw in Ri-Bhoi district. about 280 song weighing about 4746.409 kilos and estimated to be worth about Rs 20 crore.
The MPYC also demanded the removal of the Police Commissioner of Delhi or his immediate resignation.
However, this scheme has disappeared after the end of the elections without any news.
He also informed about the mobile veterinary units to be opened which will be funded by the Central Government and the funds will be allocated to the States under the Animal Husbandry Department.
Regarding the demands of the Sengbhalang, such as the demand for a government college in the district and other necessary demands, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, urged the Sengbhalang leaders to be patient and to wait for the time, for the time will come when your demands will be fulfilled.
The proposed road is the Shillong-Mawngap Mawphlang-Mawsynram to Lad Ranikor road which will connect with the road constructed by NHIDCL. from the Japanese Government to introduce strategies that can be implemented in this state as well.
The first phone conversation between the two was a few hours ago when Tiklu, who was still inside the base camp, while he was preparing to climb the mountain, informed Kong Indalin that he was inside the base camp. He said that when he reached the top of the hill and promised that as soon as he came down from the hill he would call back to his house and as a household until this moment they were waiting for him. Tiklu didn't call me back as he promised.
We want to talk only about the order of the Court relating to the Roster”.
Out of the 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal claimed by the state government in the Supreme Court in 2019, the NGT has already granted permission to operate about 2 lakh metric tonnes of coal. lakh tonnes according to the order issued in October 2020 and the Forum demands that the permitted coal should be used first and not to import coal.
He said that if the Khasi and Garo languages ​​are included in the Constitution, it will open up opportunities for the youth to get jobs and also make it easier for them to take various examinations in their own language.
Speaking to media, Bah Kordor L Mawlong, President of HTTA, said that if these organizations do not meet today at the DC office, they will not know and it will create problems for them. The NHAI has been able to distribute new Free Fasttag stickers to vehicles in Meghalaya within 10 days.
The celebration of World Environment Week organized by the Deputy Commissioner, Eastern West Khasi Hills District in collaboration with the Basin Development Unit, Nongstoin started on 31st June. The ceremony was held at the Tirot Singh Memorial Hall, Pyndengumiong, Mairang.
“This T.25 crore project has been allocated by the state government to install 378 solar lights in Shillong,” said the President of MeSEB Engineers Association (MEA), Bah B Khonglah. on this Thursday.
On this occasion, nine students who have won the first place in the SSLC and HSSLC (Examination) 2021 were also honoured.
Article 370 allows Jammu & Kashmir to have its own Constitution, flag and the right to pass laws except those relating to the country.
In response to this order, the Deputy Commissioner of the District, has issued a ban on the operation of these illegal factories.
Khliehriat: The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District, through the order of the District Magistrate, has allowed all religions to hold marriage ceremonies in churches, temples and other places but within the rules and regulations. of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Government from social distancing and other measures.
This road is a PWD road and it is one of the most important roads for the people and dozens of villages use this road for walking and standing. various facilities through this road.
In Mumbai, 107 new cases and three deaths have been reported, bringing the total number of cases in Mumbai to 2,043 and 116 deaths.
Regarding the reopening of schools, the Prime Minister said that the decision to reopen schools will be according to the wishes of the school principals and they cannot be forced.
That has been since 31st October 2016 and until today, no repair has been carried out even once and the cause of the power outage is unknown.
Therefore, it was confirmed that no one survived the incident.
“The Deputy Commissioner said that it is prohibited to share kwai, cigarettes, and any kind of food and it is also prohibited to shake hands.
There are Khynriam-Pnar villages, which still have small stones as before.
Referring to the incident which led to the anger of the mob to bomb the two elders, Bah Mawlong said, “We have received information that a man entered a house. a ksih, a khnoit and a set from the mouth of a woman who had five children and her husband had left her.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has won the Sohiong by-election by 2,815 votes.
Before delivering a public speech at the 5th Ground in Polo at 3 pm, he will address the North Eastern Council meeting at 11 pm at the State Convention Centre.
Don't hold back from what you can do now, don't do what you can't do and don't count the answer you have given.
Patiently Lakuna scored the third goal.
The AGP is a coalition party with the BJP government in Assam.
Last year, the handover of the land at Shillong Peak for the construction of the Shillong Rope Way Project was witnessed by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma.
These figures show that the Government of Meghalaya has no responsibility for education.
Shillong, July 7: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Moosha Hary, should direct the state government to appoint a commission of inquiry to find out the truth. The university is not located in the state.
“The increasing power outages experienced by the people is a violation of the rights of consumers according to the rules of the Central Government and the State Government should take action on this,” said the KHNAM leader. He said that in the same way, the poverty of the people in the Municipal areas is extreme even after the people have paid taxes to the Government and water is an important part of life. person.
This morning, Conrad, while taking part in the Fit India Movement programme, walked from his residence in Polo to the Secretariat, where a meeting was held to launch the Fit India Movement programme.
I tested for covid four times today.
They were intended to be smuggled from the Indian border to Bangladesh.
He said that the union strongly opposes the company without receiving NOC from the village authorities and KHADC and especially the introduction of foreigners to carry out this work. without the permission of the Dorbar Shnong and KHADC especially the Labor Licence.
BM Lanong's remarks in the Shillong Times show that he has criticized BJP MP Gopal Shetty who said, “Christians have not contributed to the independence of India”.
According to the state police, Bikram came to surrender after having the opportunity to escape from an ULFA-I headquarters in Myanmar.
In his speech, one of the Sordars of Umdohlun Village, Bah Srotling Thongni, who also spoke on behalf of the seven villages, said that this action of the Syiem of Nobosohphoh Hima is something. This is unacceptable because at the time of election of Lyngdoh within the Kur, the Sordar Shnongs have the cooperation but at the time of election, the Syiem has done it alone without any authority. discussion and understanding.
It may be recalled that the attempt to kidnap the police chief failed yesterday after the help of other students of the same college, who hid him in the police station. the toilet is not there.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr. Mazel Ampareen Lyngdoh, said that the requirement for nurses in the state according to the National Standard is about 3000 but the state has only about 1500 nurses. Another 50 percent of the posts need to be filled for Staff Nurses.
He sent hailstones instead of rain and flaming fire in Egypt.
Regarding the completion of special training as teachers for D.EL.Ed, the teachers are ready to complete this training if they have to spend at their own expense, but the government It should ask other places recognized by the Government to complete this special training.
We Khasi-Pnar say that it should be implemented from the date of its publication and should not go back to the past years but should be prospectively since the introduction of the Roster system. on 10th June 2022, while the Garo said it should be implemented since 1972 (retrospectively).
“If you go to these gates, there will be only people of CEMs, EMs and MDCs, who have connections with the High Level,” he said.
Dadenggre is the constituency of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
Shillong: The Shillong Market, which is one of the busiest fish markets in the country, has been suspended after being found to have been treated with formalin. big fish.
Shillong, July 7: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) on Thursday demanded that the Governor of Meghalaya, Ranjit Shekhar Mooshahary, should direct the state government to appoint a commission of inquiry to find out the truth of all the allegations. university that doesn't have a state.
Shillong, June 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply), East Khasi Hills District, Shillong, on Tuesday informed the ration consumers of the district that the ration under the NFSA, Non-NFSA and PMGKAY NFSA households (AAY & PHH) and Atta for the month of June 2022 have been released through ration shops.
“In this regard, the people of Hynniewtrep have witnessed the support of the KSU by the leader of the people, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh and Kong Spelity Lyngdoh. he added.
So he dropped out of school and chose to serve God through preaching and singing.
The KHNAM has said that it fully supports the protest of the Voice of the People Party (VPP) led by Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit to force the State Government to look into the appointment allocation. where the 'Reservation Policy'.
The Dolloi of Jowai Elaka, Ma Puramon Kynjing, inaugurated these sacred buildings in the presence of Soo Langdoh, members of the Executive Committee of the Seinraij Jowai, Waheh Shnongs and others.
According to sources from the residents of Ummulong, Langi has lodged an FIR against several youths including Campbell Myrboh for blocking the way for the husband of Ummulong. Langi to announce the cleanliness of the village forest or 'Sain Khloo' in Pnar.
Scientists also believe that it can increase the production of water that helps with digestion, improve the strength of the bones and help to transport food through the gastro intestinal tract.
According to media reports, the road from the child's house to her mother's shop is about 10 minutes away and it is not a forest road but it is quiet because it is far from the residential area.
He added that the player or referee will move according to the position from one position to another.
Tynsong said those who can return by themselves have to inform the Nodal Officers of the state government and have to follow the rules laid down by the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare.
On the 11th of this month, a youth was abducted while he was leaving his house to go to the market.
Later in the evening, Bah Estansing arrived at the village to meet with the Sports Officers and handed over the loudspeaker at a short meeting.
Nongpoh: The Mawtari Myrdon Presbyterian Church, has celebrated its 100th Jubilee since its foundation in 1920 from Mawrong Church. which was the mother in those days.
They said that on their part as the leaders of Ribhoi, they are ready to cooperate at any time if the Karbi friends need especially to bring peace and order among the people. village.
Speaking on the occasion, General Secretary of RBYF Umran Unit, Amjester Papang said that the RBYF is deeply concerned about the pollution of this river and as the RBYF does not want to pollute this river. To protect this river, the union strongly warns the residents not to dump garbage into the river or throw garbage into the river. hang.
“I heard that the police came to search my house and the place where I was arrested, but I couldn't do anything because they tied me with a rope and sealed my mouth. outside but there is an open door in the house.
On the other hand, Bah Wossie Rani said that to achieve this goal is only through the cooperation and unity although the time is very short but he relies on the cooperation of all the residents in different villages of the constituency. To join hands to achieve the aspirations of the people.
Other shops (except essential food items) were not allowed to open to the public at that time, but winestore was allowed to open with rules.
On the other hand, the village council said that there will be no violence by the visitors but no one has listened to the warning of the village council. which has also caused a bad impression and unpleasantness in that place or even in the village as a whole.
I asked again, “Rida, why are you slow in class...?” I asked again, “It's slow... Wandon.
In the 2021 Assembly elections, 171 votes were cast in Dima Hasao district of Assam, while in fact, there were only 90 voters in the district. where to vote.
At present, the Assam government has already demolished many electricity posts and signs with the aim of bringing electricity to the village, said the KSU leader. On the other hand, after talking to the Rangbah Shnong of Sabuda, who expressed his opposition to the proposal of Assam to supply electricity, the union will stand on the same basis. will not allow the proposed electrification by force in the village.
“After seeing the news of what happened in North India, I tried to hold my hand and when I tried to hold the keys, they stuck in my body.
“This time, this will be a legacy, because it will be the first time that the President of the country will come to open the curtain of this tournament, this will always encourage I would like to congratulate the state government for bringing together this tournament because it will make Tura a city and it will now have the venues or grounds to play. national championships" revealed Nag.
Kheinburom Syngkon, Headmaster of Jaintia Eastern Higher Secondary School (JEC), Khliehriat on Monday won the tyrko competition organized by the JTES in collaboration with the JEC.
On the other hand, Bah Finely congratulated the Athletics Federation of India for giving him this opportunity to lead the Indian team.
The money that was paid was ordered to be paid to the lanot.
BJP President JP Nadda has released the agenda for the Sikkim Assembly elections in Gangtok on Friday.
The total number of recoveries today has risen to 6,6
The Government has now taken care of the need to train the talents of the youth by launching the Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship and various schemes such as the Deen Dayal Upadhyaya Grameen Kaushalya Yojana, Pradhan. Minister Kaushal Vikas Yojana, National Career Service and employment schemes like MUDRA, Stand-Up India, PMEGP and others are schemes to promote self-employment so that it will increase the income of the country. .
The JNC, JSU, Khliehriat, AJYWO and KSU laid wreaths at the memorial of U Kiang Nangbah in Khliehriat.
Suraj Joshi committed suicide by hanging himself with his wife's jacket in his room at 9.35 pm.
In the same year, most of the collections of taxes including Income Tax and commercial duties were implemented.
He urged the three opposition MLAs to raise the issue of this oldest college and the only government college because from time to time it has been informed to the government, but it has ignored the demands of the college. union.
The Sports Department of the State Government on Friday held a ceremony to honor the U-17 Women's Team from Saiden Secondary School, Nongpoh at the MFA Football Ground. Shillong.
Jesus is the mediator of the new covenant.
The price of rice at that time was T.5 tyngka for 18 pyrha and 10 pyrha was 5 kilos and 18 pyrha was 90 kilos.
Pike further comments that Kim's health has changed a lot these days, with her weight dropping and increasing and in many cases, she can't to walk by himself, but he had to use a cane.
From Tura, NPP candidate Agatha K Sangma received 281,336 votes while Congress candidate Mukul Sangma received 224,480 votes.
Basumatary was selected at a training course held in Bhubaneswar.
In Pool-B, they include Mynso Blazon, Mookaswan Dongnein, Mookymphad Mihmyntdu, Lumbhahdakha Wahiajer and Risingsun Mukhla.
When there was a persecution of Christians across the country, he used to raise this issue in Parliament and he said many things for the minorities and to bring about development in the constituency. his.
On social media, photographs with the slogan “I stand With Israel” were posted, while others accused Israel of using excessive force and committing terrible crimes by bombing the enemy. towns and villages in Palestine and hundreds of people, especially children, were killed.
The village has made it clear that anyone who intends to hold a meeting within the boundary of the village must get permission from the village authority.
The love of one's fellow countrymen (No.4).
Kashmir ADGP Vijay Kumar has praised the troops who took part in the operation without causing any casualties during the clash with the insurgents. .
Therefore, if the people give their support to him, he will fight as much as he can to convince the government to formulate special policies for the development of youth in sports.
At this meeting convened by the DC, only the people of Mylliem Hima did not attend, but all those who were invited attended, including Nongotdoh, people from the Veterinarian and Ken Syiem, who came from the Marwet Raid.
Jerry Gordon N Ryngnga, Superintendent of the orphanage, expressed his gratitude and appreciation to the group for visiting and donating to the orphanage. Through these donations, it will help to meet the needs of the children in the area.
The meeting unanimously decided together with the Waheh Shnongs and Secretary Shnongs to visit the DC's office on the 16th of August to inquire about the matter.
“Even if we have to stay on the road, we will wait until the Chief Minister calls us to talk to us to clarify what decision the Government will take regarding the proposal we have already proposed. to the Government," a FASToM spokesperson said in a media interview on Tuesday.
The ceremony was held at Enowell Hall, Amlarem in the presence of MCS Sub Divisional Officer, Amlarem Civil Sub Division, Dr. Damuthimi Lyngdoh, C&RD Block Amlarem, Ostarnic Marbniang, Organizing Secretary. KSU Central Body, Laitphar Syngkrem, Lurman Talang and others.
For Package B with a budget of T.179 crore, M/s Satnam Global Infra Projects Limited has bid T.325.11 crore while M/s Onycon Enterprises has bid T.179 crore. with a value of T.284.61 crore.
This was increased after many of the youths who went to study at the state government level after completing their studies did not return to the state to serve and went to work elsewhere.
Rejaul Karim Laskar has been appointed to prepare the roadmap for the five states of the North East and to meet with the Congress leaders in the states. diverse.
Also present at the meeting were Francis PR Sangma, Co-Chairman, MSPB, Shri KS Nongbri, Joint Secretary, Finance (EA) Department, Smt.
Bah Philip Marweiñ, said that blood is a special gift of God and therefore it is necessary to give it to others in need.
On the other hand, Sanjay Goyal said, “The government will take all necessary measures to address the issue of electricity shortage in the state.
Police from the CoBRA and Meghalaya's Special Weapons and Tactics (SWAT) have rushed to the scene to search for the abductee.
The Governor said that religion stands to teach a person to do something good.
North Korea's threat comes after South Korea and the United States jointly trained their troops and warned against North Korea's nuclear weapons. you don't change your name from time to time.
Some people wonder why the MCTA is against the implementation of the NEP from 2023? The fact remains that the Seng has taken this decision after careful consideration.
Journalists from different parts of Maharashtra have visited Meghalaya and Assam from 29th March 2023 to 4th November 2023 as part of a Media Tour organized by the Press Information Bureau, Maharashtra – Goa, Information Department and Broadcasting, Government of India.
“On the lifting of the curfew, Hek said that a meeting has been held every day and it has been handed over to the Symbud Myntri Rangbah and the Prime Minister to take a decision on this issue.
After the anger of the people and the Sengbhalang, they forced the Government to appoint a Judicial Inquiry headed by Justice T.Vaiphei and after six months the Judicial Inquiry submitted its report to the Government. ," says the team.
Employment in the private sector should be employed only by the Garo people.
In another match, Mookyrdup beat Chyrmang Wah 6-0
On the twenty-first day of January 2002, another great God passed away;
The MLA said that the office of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District will also provide assistance to them regarding the damage.
Speaking to Rupang, Bah Bar Khonglam said that the child has been studying in Bihar for five years and in these five years, he has come home. last time in 2011, and before that he came home only once which is only twice in the last five years he has lived in Bihar.
She said that Article 299 states that the declaration on the demarcation should be signed by the Governors of the two states.
Furthermore, it was noted that when the Second Amendment Bill, 2016 was introduced in the House, the EM of Fisheries did not have the opportunity to introduce the Bill himself. Shillong, July 20: “My resignation from the post of Vice Chairman of the Government of Meghalaya is on the grounds that the Bill was introduced by the CEM. The present MUA II government under the leadership of Dr Mukula Sangma is a biased government without any intention to look after the welfare of the people in the state,” said Bah CB Syiem, Ex. -MDC from Nongpoh Constituency and at the same time the Secretary of the RBDCC who is also a member of the MPCC. Three Congress MLAs from Ri Bhoi District, Dr DD Lapang, Dr Celestine Lyngdoh and Bah Ngaitlang Dhar, should resign from the government of Dr Mukul Sangma.
“I didn't go to Thanat, I went to Court.
The question is why did this happen? Is it only the responsibility of the political parties to look after these? Where are the legislators or MLAs, who have been elected by the people, to make laws and protect their rights? Let us turn a little bit to the private sector.
The Circle of Wapung gave a general report on the work of the Circle.
The HYC leader said that due to the large number of villages and the distance of the people, it is necessary to upgrade the Umsong Sub-Center to a PHC. The meeting with Dr. Ampareen Lyngdoh, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, was fruitful and the Minister promised to take action on this issue. Umsong Sub-Center PHC will be completed soon.
In this incident, the fire destroyed the entire house including the school books of the children of the family.
Shillong, July 24: The War Jaintia Youth Council today met with the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Peter S Dkhar regarding the traffic jam on the NH 40 especially from Sohlong to Dawki Bridge. daily.
After this, she also received the support of Khoibi Salam, who was then Secretary of MABA and Vice President of IABA, and Manipur Boxing Association.
UP & RMSA School beat Police Secondary School 3-2 in the tie-breaker.
The aim is to force everyone to accept their Hindutva ideology.
Friends United CC, who batted first, scored 112 runs in 20 overs for the loss of eight wickets.
Kenosis is a powerful tool to be used to fight against the corruption of the rule of law and the injustice in society.
What are the ranks of EGH: 08 (Others), EJH: 14 (Others), EKH: 431 (Armed Force/Paramilitary Force –02, Others–429), RBD: 162 (Others), NGH: 19 (Others), SWGH : 23 (Others), SWKH: 03 (Others), WGH: 61 (Armed Force / Paramilitary Force –03, Others–58), WJH: 29 (Others), and WKH: 10 (Others).
The family members of the deceased have expressed their gratitude to their friends who were quick to help in the murder of a member of the family by unidentified robbers.
The victim was identified as Rina Swer, resident of Khliehriat East.
Whether it is the Congress or the BJP, this is the reason why the BSP does not join hands with the opposition,” Mayawati said.
Not only that, the Iewduh will become the market of the Khasi-Jaintia and the Land Transfer Act, the law prohibiting the purchase of land by Dkhars in Khasi-Jaintia, will be strengthened. longtrai the owner of the village owner of the country.
Two houses in Nongpriang village, on the morning of 30th June, were buried in the ground which collapsed due to heavy rain, killing four people. people were buried including a 16-year-old.
The team will have five home matches in November and November.
The school, which received the Ben and Desk donation by the RBYF, is known as St. Joseph English Medium School, which has been built by the people of the village in the past few years. They have donated T.150 from the parents of one child, so that they can pay the salaries of the teachers of these children.
The NPP has not yet decided on its candidate for the Tura Constituency, although there is talk that Agatha will contest on the ballot paper.
They said that before the government starts the boundary clearance in the Langpih sector, they would like to remind of some of the incidents which have shocked the people and hurt the hearts of the people. the people of the state if they remember.
Two monsters! God's Word (Bible) tells us about two wild beasts.
He said it is surprising how the ethnic parties have joined hands with the Congress to take this decision which is intended only to mislead the people as the elections are approaching. .
In the 57 KG category, Larisa Syiem won the first place and Larityngkai Lawriniang won the second place.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Sosthenes Sohtun, said that he could not comment on the collapse of the college and relied on the explanation of the engineers who said that there was nothing wrong. According to the engineers, there is no damage and they will send the repair soon to the contractor who is building the building of the college.
Parihar said that a few years ago, he went to Chennai to buy some tree seeds, but on the train, he met a sohpieng tree seed seller.
NPP National Vice President Prestone Tynsong said that the joining of MDCs from Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills to the NPP is because they see them. you're welcome.
Muid over 13 years of age or only seriously ill cows can be slaughtered, but these must be approved by doctors, the Ministry of Agriculture.
The people know that this is election time, and that they will benefit from any political party or candidate; except that the people could not get anything.
The new office bearers for the term 2023-26 confirmed on the 16th of this month are, President : Bah Kyrshanlang Nongbri Vice Present : Bah Bloomingstar Kharpran; Kharumnuid Finance Secretary : Bah Wanphrang Kharumnuid Publicity Secretary : Bah Nowell Dkhar Sports Secretary : Bah Mandari Dkhar Social Secretary : Bah Michael Kharpran Advisers : Bah Ardrian C.Kharkongor, Bah Loster Dkhar, Bah Brayan Kharpor and Bah Marchborn Kharpran.
He said that the mismanagement of the central government leaders shows that it is time for the District Councils to strengthen their laws to strengthen the country and the nation.
Shillong, November 09 : The State Government on Thursday selected Khrawsing College at Mawngap as the People's College. receive the support of the State Government.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, 52 new cases have been confirmed and 735 active cases have been confirmed in the State.
“This is what we expect from people who throw money at the people to win elections.
The policy also highlights the need to develop solar, wind and other electricity generation activities by looking at environmentally friendly areas in compliance with the requirements of the Ministry. of Environment, Forest and Climate Change of the Government of India.
It is encouraging that there are some people who have fought against this cancer and who are speaking to raise awareness among the public so that there will be no more fear of going for treatment as soon as you know that you have this disease.
“Please read our letter dated 26th June 2024 to Dr Jitendra Singh, Union Minister of State for Atomic Energy.
“Once the special status is removed, the states in the region will receive less and the grant from the central government will be only 30 percent and 70 percent will have to come from their own budget.
“The withdrawal of Congress MDCs and office bearers from the party to contest this mid-term election is not because there is a division within the party, but only because they want to try their luck in the party. “It's a mid-term election,” Pala told reporters on Monday.
ANTF police recovered money, a pistol and suspected heroin weighing 108 grams from the vehicle.
"About 200 houses have been built near Sajiwa Jail in Imphal East district recently," said government officials, each with two rooms. and a toilet and they will also have one kitchen for everyone, while 10 houses will be connected.
“We also urge the government to improve the bye pass road from Las Jaliah to Moowakhu, prevent trucks and vehicles carrying food and beverages from avoiding Ladrymbai due to heavy traffic jam,” said Thubru. .
The farmers of Nongsohphan, Raid Lyting, have requested their leaders to advocate for the problems of the farmers, as the price of rice has fallen, which has affected their income. .
Nongpoh, Naitung 22: The Meghalaya Agrovet Private Ltd. (MGPA) today locked down the poultry company by a group of people from Umsning and Lum villages. The SRS-LMRA, Umtrew River Protection Committee (URPC) and two MDCs of the area including Bah James Sylliang, MDC of Mawhati Constituency and Bah Donkupar Sumer, MDC of Umsning Constituency, in the presence of about 500 people. district Kong M Lyttan, police who accompanied to rescue the victims and others.
Nangbah Mulang strongly urged to turn the ball over and it was in the 52nd minute that Promi Suting scored the first goal of the match.
On the other hand, Bah Surong said that this statement is wrong and the club has always had the objectives of the club to provide assistance and awareness to the public regarding the eyes.
The Tawang Marathon Promotional Run, which was held in Shillong, witnessed the participation of at least 120 health loving runners. The race was organized in collaboration with the Government of Arunachal Pradesh and the Indian Army, and was achieved by the CYRUNS team, which received praise from the participants. management and provision of all necessities.
“Because the Meitei have 40 seats and the Kuki and other parties have only 20 seats, the BJP has remained silent until now because it understands that it will remain in power,” said Ronie.
Shillong, July 23: The Regional Democratic Alliance (RDA) on Tuesday announced Robert June Kharjahrin as its candidate for the Lok Sabha seat. .
Badapjied Kurkalang We have been in power for more than 100 days under the rule of the new government which is also the BJP (Bharat Janata Party) government in our country.
Shylla alleged that the suspension of MDC schemes for Nongkrem constituency is due to the political machinations of CEM Pynshngain N Syiem.
The Congress has proposed to bring in 40 campaign stars for this election.
The Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) has said that the PWD Jowai Central Division does not have the funds to repair the NH 6 and NH 40 E which are badly damaged and full of debris.
Whether it is in the city or in the countryside, we see that evil has increased in our society.
He said that the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) wants to exterminate the minorities in the North East but the AASU will not allow the BJP. Shillong: The situation in the KHADC so far The Governor's Office has not yet taken any action on the incident.
There are around 700 students, 30 teachers and 3 staff members.
Both parties have good intentions and this is a good sign that we can resolve the matter soon.
The book of Ecclesiastes differs from other books in the Bible and is a complex book and has been included in the category of philosophy.
The union also asked the officials of Dalmia Company why they cannot take the garbage from Jowai and East Jaintia Hills District to the company for burning. “East Jaintia Hills District would have become a cleaner district if the companies had taken action to collect garbage from the villages and market places,” he said. Meanwhile, one of the JNC leaders, Bah Mehi Rymbai, said that the JNC will continue to follow up on this and if it is found that the garbage trucks are still smuggling garbage trucks. If the company is found to be violating the rules and regulations, the union will take a stronger stance.
Who needs a taxi? The government has alleged that it is the commercial taxis that are clogging the city.
At present, the power outage per day is between 8 and 10 hours, and this is not a problem.
After seeing the curfew in full force, BJP members led by Pratima Bhowmik went to various offices and shops and threatened the workers to The BJP has also removed the signs against the Citizenship Amendment Bill, Shillong: Maitshaphrang XI has won the 1st (L) Pilat J.Khongkliam Memorial Trophy by defeating Pararo XI in the 1st (L) Pilat J.Khongkliam Memorial Trophy. Mawshun Sports and Cultural Club (MS&CC), Mawshun will be held on 31st November
A court in Goa has handed over Suchana to the police for seven days of questioning.
If the police had not found the shop quickly, the shop would have turned into a fire but due to the speed of the water tankers, the fire was extinguished.
Regarding the cleanliness, he asked why for the past 28 years other leaders have not been able to fix this but he said, “I have been an MLA for only 5 years and there has been no Covid for 2 years. He urged the people to give him another 10 terms so that he can complete this problem as even the needs of the Municipal have already been restored.
Applicants must be residents of Meghalaya and must also be residents of the center for which they are applying for 10 years and must have received a letter of approval from the village authorities and vigilance committee. .
Such as the stories of Jephthah killing his own son (Judges 11), Ehud stabbing Moabite King Elgon to death (Judges 3) and Abimelech killing to the sons of Gideon (Judges 9).
“If the government in power doesn't understand that one day those foreigners are right or not Indian citizens and enter our state, they will get them. They steal documents from here and there, they live in the villages, they work, they get jobs and the day will come when they will even take over the rule of law.
Shillong: Five road workers have died after being electrocuted while working on a road at Miapara village near Mendipathar North Garo Hills.
The Government has passed this Act for the purpose of requiring government employees to report to the Government their income per annum, including wealth.
He said that their complaint against the KHADC is because they are afraid that the Seng Kur will find out about their misuse of the Kur's resources.
Risha Mynsong, the actress of Khohwah Nongsor, along with her friends, performed a song from the film Dhaka Escape.
He spoke about the uniqueness of Meghalaya in terms of giving jait to the mother and it is important to elect a woman to lead the Shillong Parliamentary Constituency in Delhi.
Speaking to media, the Minister and Spokesperson of the MDA-II Government, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said that this decision was taken in view of the budget of the State, and also on the need to establish a foundation. good for the trips.
“You may wonder how the JHADC gets the money when only the salaries cannot be paid to the employees, but this money comes from the Central Government from the 15th Finance. Board'.
Under this scheme, employees pay 10% of their Basic Pay and DA as well as from the government.
Police suspected that she may have been thrown out of the vehicle after being killed and raped.
“I am ashamed that they are my children.
Franklin M.Lyngdoh, one of the speakers who stood up to demand the return of them to WKH, said that West Khasi Hills is closer and more comfortable for the people of this area in many ways. Warsanlyngdoh area is located in West Khasi Hills District and many offices, trade, education, market and transportation are closer to West Khasi Hills. district.
The president of KSU Narpuh Circle said that the dewbilat factories in the area do not have any protection from the waste produced by the factories.
These foreign families, who are also Bengalis, came to Shillong from Assam and brought their children with them from some villages of Shillong.
He urged the residents who have firearm licenses to immediately drop off their weapons at any nearby Police Station within 10 days from the date of issuance of this order. Failure to comply with the order shall be considered illegal and shall be taken as a sign to prevent government employees from performing their duties which is also a punishment under Section 186 IPC. The National Rifle Association in various positions in these fields.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of the North Shillong Constituency (KHNAM) today decided not to take part in the election for the election of Member of Parliament (MP) to the Rajya Sabha (RS). ) will be held on 19 July
Stephen Memorial Sec School, 14th Street.
The Nongjri priest was of the Nongkynrih tribe.
I see in the rural areas that only primary schools have received orders to conduct written tests and personal interviews. Oh shisha who will accept such a thing? Fourth: I have seen that 28 lecturers in Govt.
Shrey, who was trained in the US, returned to India in 2007 and later worked in India as a pilot. Shubhangi, too, is a self-employed woman.
Ryntih also had several good tries, and one of them was from captain Washan Dkhar in the first half, when he headed the ball but Banehskhem Khongsdam who scored the first goal of the match. and he gave him the jar, and he was able to open it.
If the President of the UDP, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, is not allowed to become President of the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, we hope that the UDP will not be able to increase the number of MLAs in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly. Assembly.
At the same time, they shouted slogans to condemn the Chief Minister Mukul Sangma who has ordered the implementation of the ILP. ILP in this state and will continue to protest.
The FKJGP has warned all vehicles carrying cows not to carry cows from the market, because if the FKJGP finds out, it will not take responsibility if anything happens.
The school has 400 students.
Shillong, June 28: Former Congress Leader Ampareen Lyngdoh on Friday said that five MLAs will take a decision soon on the order of the Congress Committee to suspend them for up to 3 months. year.
However, this has turned upside down at NEIGRIHMS. The KSU said that those who have been appointed do not have the practical experience to support them, except for the theoretical examination.
Shillong: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia Garo People (FKJGP) today held a public march to address the unemployment of thousands of youth in the state. young people from all over the country.
There are also some families who did not participate in the voting in the last MLA elections.
“If such incidents happen, the people should complain to the BJP offices,” Marak urged.
Thus, when anger comes, it affects the mind and the brain through the emotion that comes from the heart.
So how can we look after and implement this section"
When she arrived at work she acted as usual without showing any facial signs of discomfort.
The meeting was led by Pulljohn Wanniang, Chairman Consumer Protection Cell and Shining Lyngdoh, Chairman Employment & Development Cell. The Seng has lodged a petition regarding the lack of staff and counter inside the MRB Mawkyrwat Branch which has caused problems to the people who come from distant villages to deposit and collect. The large number of depositors and beneficiaries of government development projects covering almost all the villages in South West Khasi Hills District, has further hampered the smooth operation of the branch.
The kidnappers are robbers, but it is not known from which group.
In 2019, the Shiv Sena ended its alliance with the BJP and formed the Maha Vikas Aghadi government in Maharashtra in alliance with the Congress and NCP. Shinde split from the party and joined the BJP to form a new government.
“If there are those who have to sleep with strangers, they should not sleep with strangers and they should wear masks, which cover their nose and head and they should not drink alcohol,” he said. the Tam.
From time to time, the government has to pay for the electricity supply from MeECL and to pay for the electricity supply from other sources in the country.
On Nagaland, he said the matter will be settled in the Supreme Court and until then it has been agreed that both the states will carry out development works on the border.
In 2017, Bachu Marak, a prominent BJP politician from West Garo Hills district, left the party after the BJP banned the slaughter of cows. BJP MDC of the Garo Hills Autonomous District Council (GHADC), Bernard Marak said that “the ban on meat harvesting in a state like Meghalaya will never succeed”. “Most of the BJP leaders don't have cows.
This is the threat the entire world now faces: the spread of fake news.
Khasi Christians, Khasi Muslims, Khasi Hindus and others have explained in their own way that it is not right to say anything to their fellow believers, if it is to shed the blood of Christians, Muslims, Hindus. They are willing to shed blood just to protect and defend their brothers and sisters.
Earlier, on 23rd July 2019, a Ramhah truck overturned near Sawmer village and it took 10 days to recover the vehicle.
In Class-3, Zacharius won, Zarena won second and Elizabeth Mynsong won third.
The HYC will also take all necessary measures to ensure that these illegal immigrants will be removed from the area as soon as possible.
In Group-B, Maw U-Tieng beat Kharang SC 2-0 and Kynjailin Sohtun (6') and Phibashida Lyngdoh scored the goals in the first half.
“It is sad that this Government in the past years has provided plastic fields to other districts, but why is it so far away from West Khasi Hills?” added.
Peter said, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins” (Acts 2:38).
He said that if the OP is placed in Thadrang, it shows that the border of Meghalaya is from Thadrang.
This great prophet of God – Jeremiah, He has already prophesied in chapter 23: verse 14 He says, “And in the prophets of Jerusalem I have seen a horrible thing; they walk in deceit, and strengthen the hands of the wicked, that no man turneth from his wickedness; they have all become to me like Sodom, and her inhabitants like Gomorrah.
Besides, there are also those who sell biri and even Kwai from this state,” said one of the border residents who did not want to be named.
The Scout Master-Guide Captain in his speech reminded the students about the three 'R's (Refuse, Repair, Recycle, Reduce, Reuse).
She said that four other people were injured in the landslide on the Mawkynroh Bypass road under Mawlai C&RD Block.
KHLIEHRIAT: The Dolloi of Rymbai District, Ma Elios Swer and two members of his family have drowned in Wah Prang this afternoon.
On 30th June, two police vehicles of the Jowai Police Reserve were hit by a petrol bomb.
Before entering the film industry, Sam was a model and entered Tollywood in
The reason given by these booksellers is that the implementation has been too quick and urgent, for their part, there are still many books of MBoSE and if new books are used, Where will they put these old books and it will surely affect them because they have spent billions of rupees.
When Riia got up, Deisy and Bahnah also got up to go on their way.
“Delhi is not a full state, not other states.
Jowai: The Director of the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) Jowai Diocese, Rev. Father Manbha Pakem, in a statement, said that 2020 is the Year of Youth in the Diocese. All the youth of the Diocese of Jowai are invited to participate in the Indian Catholic Youth Movement (ICYM) Convention, which will start from the 10th to the 10th of this month. on the 12th of this month at Umkiang Parish, East Jaintia Hills District.
He said that the request to the Governor has not been done and the action of the Chief Secretary has been a doubt because he has not done anything on this just because he is the Chief Minister of the state. .
Nongstoiñ: The Special Judge (POCSO), Nongstoiñ, on Tuesday sentenced Banteilang Sohshang to 10 years imprisonment and a fine of T.30,0
Before the independence of the state, the United-Khasi Jaintia Hills District Council had this ILP and even since the time of the British rule, Bri U Hynniewtrep has had the ILP but since the independence of the state, The ILP is one of the laws of the new state.
He said that instead of pointing fingers, as people who are involved in the government, we should direct the Chief Minister to implement the decision of the Supreme Court. of India to introduce a Mining Policy and to get approval to ban coal mining to go smoothly to get rid of this illegal activity.
Aizawl: “God has a plan for the NPP and He has a big plan for us,” said Conrad Sangma during his election campaign in Kawnpui, Tuirial. Constituency.
This is something the organization cannot accept.
WA Sangma, Minister BB Lyngdoh, Minister SDD Nichols Roy and Minister E. Bareh.
In the women's category, Ashmita, who qualified for the tournament through her selection, defeated Malvika Bansod 17-21 14-2
According to the ejahar, the KSU-EJHDU said that on the 08th July, 2023, during the protest at the Toll Gate in Lumshnong, the Technical Manager of NHAI, Biswajit Jyoti Lahkar came and promised in front of the people that the road will be repaired within six months.
It is worth mentioning that Umjari Mathan, is one of the rural villages in Ri Bhoi, but this year it has been able to host the Synod Rangbah of the RBP. The MLA of Nongpoh, led these government officers, so that they can explain to the people of the village, on how to improve the work.
I will do what is in my hands now and I will not wait until I become a minister or until a new government comes. it's your room".
KSU Barak Circle –.
This order was issued with the approval of the Government in letter No.MISC5-10/1/2023 EDN (S)-EDN (S) dated July 30, 2023, he added. .
The woman, who is 20 years old, was found naked on her body, and it is believed that she was raped and killed on the spot.
“On our part, we don't want to worry only about those Manipuris who have smuggled into our state, but until now we have made it clear that we don't have a single law to protect them. “The illegal entry of foreigners into our state,” said Bah Dkhar.
For more information please call No.9485432298/
The crowd came out and shouted, and many other shouts.
He demanded that the MDA government under the leadership of the NPP should talk and resolve this issue with the central government as soon as possible. the Government of India will always be involved because the State Government alone cannot take decisions.
Ma Wailadmiki Shylla and his supporters from different villages marched from Loom Soo Iung Newhill to the DC office Jowai to show their support.
Shillong, Jymmang 02: Police on Tuesday at 5:30 pm arrested a man identified as Vishal Kupar Marngar, 30 years old. A 10-year-old man from Nongstoin Mawkawah, West Khasi Hills, who is currently living in Garo Market, Polo, Shillong, has been arrested on suspicion of drug trafficking.
Think carefully about this, that we cannot put the lives of our children in something that is like a waste of fate.
Star Cement plans to mine on an area of ​​42 hectares with a total mining capacity of 2.507 metric tonnes per annum.
They also expressed their happiness that they have received such a leader who has responsibility for the people and hope that in this second time he will be able to lead again as such a leader of the people. There are many changes in Jirang Constituency.
In the men's 57 KG category, Lasberth Sangma won first place, Andrew Wahlang second and Bashanbor Bareh third.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Lambokstar said, “The Hynniewtrep people have been divided by the Dohlieh in the past, but are we like the youth in this age? “The destruction of our nation now is that we have to fight against other nations, many issues we have to fight and many things we have to do to bring about change. , in the Khadar rule and in many other issues that we have to fight, the KSU does not have a Suloi to give to the members of the KSU but with the selflessness to sacrifice for the good of the country and the nation as a whole. ," he added.
PC, District Magistrate Eastern West Khasi Hills, Bah G.Kharmawphlang IAS, according to the Model Code of Conduct, has issued an order prohibiting the holding of any meetings, public processions, without permission.
He said it was suggested to form the whole group to have closeness to avoid any misunderstanding.
What is the reason? The reason is that the Israelites (Jews) rejected Jesus Christ, but the Gentiles have accepted Jesus Christ for more than 2000 years.
Zenith said that in the past, if the vendors brought kyiad from the outlets, they had to pay the tax according to their sale of kyiad and now the tax has been paid.
The Commission has also awarded grants of honorarium to the ad-hoc commandants of the groups who have to serve during the elections conducted by the Election Commission of India.
The Government should expedite as soon as possible to invite these people to come and give a clear answer if they want to stay in West Khasi Hills, they should send to remove their names registered in Assam.
One name only the villagers know and understand and then another as we used to be together.
within the district.
On the same day, the KSU Thangraiñ Unit distributed food items to the children in the village.
The team was able to meet Rupari just on the way itself since he was having a walk with his elder sister towards his friend’s house From there,the team followed Rupari till his house.
Besides, 75 people have been injured in these accidents including 63 last year and 12 until June,
On the 07th June, 2024, the MLA together with the officers of PWD (Roads) By Pass Division including Bah S Lytep, Executive Engineer visited the road to inspect the preparations for the cleaning of the road. in the presence of the village leaders, elders and leaders of the Presbyterian Church of the village.
Another patient is Bah Rishan Kharbuki, 35 years old resident of Upper Shillong who was admitted to the hospital on 3.12.2021 at 9 pm.
In the final, Turiap FC won the title with the Arlak Tyngka trophy and a trophy, while Lia Tu Phrang United FC won by 4: 0 for Turiap FC, and the winner received the Shilak Tyngka trophy.
After losing by 10 wickets in the first innings, Meghalaya tried to score 228 runs in 43.4 overs.
These nine villages include Mawkynring, Lumkeh, Wahmyntait, Mawkduk, Lumdiengngan, Lumrit and Kyrdeng.
However, with the loss of Josiah Wanniang to Charm Marbaniang, the batsmen of SCA-B started to score one after another in the 13th run alone. SCA-B set the target by 94 runs in 16.1 overs.
From the stories which we now mention that they are only Puriskam, there are many stories that have passed through the Jaidbynriew which our ancestors have written in nature.
Confirming this, BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh said that preparations are underway to welcome Antonio and other dignitaries but other MDCs may also come to join tomorrow.
Prof Laloo said that the salaries of teachers and 89 percent of the arrears have been released till November.
This law shall take effect immediately.
Modi believes that even if the BJP does not win in Meghalaya, it will win 10 times. NPP as an ally in the NDA government in Delhi and one of the biggest supporters of the NEDA in the North East, that is enough for him and the BJP. which they have done for the past five years.
In the incident, her two sons, Beau and Hunter, were killed in the crash.
The winner also received a cash prize of T.10,000 while the runner-up received T.5,0
In Jowai, besides Hindu devotees, there were also invited guests to witness the opening of the Ram Mandir.
Stalyne H.Diengdoh, President of the South West Khasi Hills District Swimming Association (SASA) gave a short speech at the short meeting held today. Special congratulations to Khrawkupar Lyngdoh who was one of the youngsters who was selected to participate in the Khelo India in Haryana in the Jngi-um competition. The district and the state as a whole have been able to train young people who make the most of their talents.
“Sports should not end here but should enter the minds of those who participate in sports. to the rank of victory,” said Bah Metbah.
According to him, the Police have decided to arrest all the criminals involved in smuggling, smuggling and money laundering.
The floods have damaged bridges, roads and damaged houses and many land plots.
However, they believed and accepted that he was a visionary even though he was young.
Bah Moonstar Jarain – Asst Secretary Sports Secretary UDP YW Ri Bhoi District
He said that the government's support price should be for jhur, soh and milk as well.
However, once they have passed from those schools, they have been able to compete with other youths from other states when they have to study abroad.
The road from Adokgre to Mangsang in this area is an example of this commitment of the Government.
Shillong Lajong FC (11 points) will play against Mawlai SC (23).
The match was expected to end 3-1, but Meghalaya, which fought hard, managed to score three more goals in the last minutes, with Ryngkhlem scoring two goals and Langshiang scoring. The substitute scored the first goal for Meghalaya to win 6-1
He urged all those who came to take part, to spread the message to the public about the existence of laws and regulations, to protect especially to the rural villages the existence of these laws, to protect in case of incident any violence and persecution.
“From today, the ASHAs will take a break (from their work) until the 6th of November.
These words refer to the responsibility of mankind to care for and protect the environment, not only for the benefit of mankind but also for the sake of fellow creatures.
Lord Lord, have we not cast out devils in thy name? Have we not done many miracles in Your name?... Jesus will say, “I tell you, I do not know you, you who have used uniforms in vain because they will find that the door of heaven is open. it was not opened for them on that last day.
“We need to look at how to develop a blueprint and master plan and ensure that the University has all the requirements needed by the students and that the University will function properly.
James, who had left for Manipur to open the new NPP office in Imphal, returned to Shillong this morning.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting between the two residents of the state and the UDP leaders, the party spokesperson, Bah Paul Lyngdoh said, the President of the party u They accepted their proposal to meet today and listened to their explanation on the ILP which expressed the need to find other ways like the 3 tier Identity Card along with other laws. “We have tried to convince them on the need to implement the ILP,” he said.
Including 23 Executive Members elected from across the districts of East Khasi Hills, Ri Bhoi District, Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills.
Before the swearing-in ceremony, a meeting was conducted by Wympher Wann Secretary FKJGP West Jaintia Hills and a welcome speech was delivered by Danny Shadap Vice President FKJGP. new members of the committee.
When the Association leaders and truck drivers arrived, they found the managers in his office.
The FIFA World Cup will start on July 12 and football fans will have to cry because they will not be able to watch without electricity and this is very sad.
He said that today, they visited the Covid-19 hospitals in Shillong and yesterday, they visited the hospitals in Jaintia Hills and tomorrow they will visit the hospitals in Jaintia Hills. This is the district of Ri Bhoi District.
According to these directives, the land owners must give written notice at least 15 days in advance to the government authorities before taking steps to build water tanks. The District Collector or the District Magistrate or the head of the Municipal Corporation.
He said the Industrial Policy should be amended to prevent the occupation of land by factories.
“What will we discuss at the meeting on the 16th? The government proposes to amend which part of the 6th Schedule.
“He said he wanted to provide better education and improve health facilities.
We hope that it will be so.
Regarding the protests of various organizations including religious organizations related to the Cherry Blossom Festival on Sunday.
“If the government does not release the salary, we will lodge a PIL in the High Court,” said MSSASTA President Aristotle Rymbai. Congress in the elections.
The incident occurred on the day when the MLA Chingthong MAC Constituency, together with the Assam Police, visited the border villages in the area. However, when they found these pipes in the village, it was said that the MLA, has ordered the Assam Police to seize these pipes, on the allegation that these pipes are illegal immigrants from Meghalaya and those who came to illegally enter the territory of Assam and West Karbi Anglong.
He said that the arrest of the president of the Ri Bhoi Youth Organization (RBYO) on the evening of the 9th of this month, on charges of extorting money from a petrol pump in the area. Byrnihat.
The factory was inaugurated by Pastor G Umwi and Elder KS Lyngdoh of Pohkseh Church in the presence of officials from NEDFI, Shillong and DCIC. , Shillong, along with the relatives of Fiyona Mawrie I who is the owner of this shop.
It is necessary to apply the principles and provisions of the law when allocating residence, sale and purchase of land and to turn to the feelings of the group of 137 people, in relation to ethnic activities. part of the law, when things were-appeared as they are now.
After this victory, Zverev will have to prepare better for his next fight against USA's Frances Tiafoe.
Shillong, June 15: The All India Congress Students Union (AITC) on Tuesday formed the Trinamool Congress Students Union (TCSU) in Meghalaya with the aim of looking after the activities related to the youth of Meghalaya. the State.
When asked when he will leave the HSPDP to join the UDP, Renikton said he is waiting for the right time and he is ready to go to the elections. “If the election is held earlier, I will be happy.
Why do you have to wait a minute from KG to Class Ah?
Regarding this incident, the MLA said that it is an unacceptable incident in the society, because the foreigner, went to touch the hand of the Longkmie, who works for the goodwill within the community and society.
Speaking to media after the HSPDP East Khasi Hills meeting, Bah Martle said, “Almost all the constituencies have great leaders but because they don't get that money, they don't have enough money. any gift shall be rejected.
According to their explanation , they said that Dr. I Ryntathiang had threatened them with a mask but they said it was a lie shongnia haei haei ruh, but it is only the judgment of the poor, the rich, the rich.
“According to him, this is because at present Meghalaya has at least 10,000 kilometers of roads under the jurisdiction of the State except for the National Highways and the roads awarded for construction. “We have discussed these issues thoroughly and we will soon submit an Office Memorandum,” he said. “In the presentation, we have discussed (the need) to reduce the rank even the roads under the jurisdiction of the State as we have done with one of the main roads, to see which roads are small and which roads are village roads, which roads are used for freight vehicles. make it easier to carry and carry colour.
Shillong, Jymmang 10: The Sohra Labor Union (SLU) together with the Khasi Student Union (KSU) South Khasi Hills (KSU) have protested against the exploitation of employers who bring in foreigners to work at low prices. to investigate the workplaces of foreigners within the boundary of Sohra and Shella.
“If this Dkhar is allowed, it will also open the door for other Dkhars including Muslim Dkhars, Sikh Dkhars, Hindu Dkhars and others to become one race,” he said.
In Motphran, the vehicle will be parked from 5:30 to 11 pm while in the morning, it will be parked from 6:30 to 8 pm and will also be parked all night.
but now you blame yourself.
This happened after the OC of Lumshnong, Inspector Mathius Sangma, said that the police had shown a stop sign for the purpose of checking the documents, but one of these trucks was coming from Lumshnong. Umkiang area stopped, while another truck coming from Khliehriat area refused to stop.
The second reason may be the teachers themselves.
There have been 76 cases in Rajasthan.
What has the PWD Central Division, Jowai done during this rainy season without rainfall?
He said the intelligence agencies have received confirmed information that the new armed group has collaborated with other armed groups from Nagaland and plans to send it for training. The first group will visit Nagaland on 17th July,
From this bloodshed in Nongkhlaw, the conflict spread to other Khasi Hills.
The total number of cases in India has risen to 78,000 and the death toll to 2,5
Regarding this visit to collect Labor License from foreign workers.
Those who received the assistance are Kench's Trace Dorbar Shnong, Oxford Hills, Rilbong 1 lakh tyngka, Geetali Welfare Cultural Club Laban 1 lakh tyngka, Blind Lead Trust (Visually Impaired, Laban 50 thousand tyngka and Lumparing Sarbojanin Sankirtan Committee in Myjharin 2 lakh tyngka.
On the other hand, on the 11th of this month, the MLA of Mawkynrew, inspected the construction of the Sub Center at Mawlat and also the ongoing work on the construction of the BDO office. Mawkynrew C&RD Block in the presence of Village Leaders, Bah G Dhar, BDO of Mawkynrew C&RD Block and others.
Until now, this village has been under the jurisdiction of the Wapung area.
On receiving information about the burning of the two shops, police rushed to the scene to investigate.
S.Paliar Superintendent of Home.
Dr Mukul also distributed the Application Form to the beneficiaries at the meeting.
Shillong, July 21: The United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday announced the nomination of Bah Robert June Kharjahrin as the candidate of the Regional Democratic Party (RDA) for the Shillong Lok Elections. Sabha will not be soon.
“Through these photographs displayed here, we can learn about the unseen heroes of the North East who gave their strength and spirit for India's independence," he said.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deisy said that after issuing the plea notice, Samlang Marbaniang replied in the plea notice that he was not the perpetrator but only an employee of Mahavir. Singhania and admitted that he was the owner of the land, he gave it to him (Mahavir Singhania).
In addition to smuggling ammunition and explosives, Pakistan has also used the sea waters for drug trafficking.
On July 7, 2017, a woman named Saralinda Kharphuli kidnapped the three month old child of Shibari Khyriem from Marbisu.
That's not going to happen," he said.
Therefore, the KSU urges the students who have already submitted their marksheets to attend the event and the KSU requests the parents to attend the event. .
“So, in the last five and seven days,we have seen that it has gone ahead and we expect the number of winners to exceed the previous one," he added.
Jowai, July 28: The Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Jaintia Hills District on Saturday decided to repeal the Ordinance of the State Government. to empower the Rangbah Shnongs to issue Certificates and NOCs to the residents.
The flow of the Umngot saves and enriches these farmland and people can cultivate in all seasons with various crops because the land is alive.
According to information received, it is clear that three persons, the Prime Minister, the Minister of Revenue and the Minister of Urban Affairs, have already conspired to loot from the state at a high price. “Up to Rs 140 crore should not be paid to the land owners,” said Dr Mukul Sangma.
It is to be recalled that on 11th July 2013, the MPUF had talked to the Rangbah Shnong of Wahiajer to provide the land for the construction of the campus. On 14th July 2013, the party sent a petition to the Member of Parliament for Shillong Seat, Vincent H. Pala to discuss the matter.
In this regard, the WKSU Nongstoiñ Pyllun has met with some of the residents of the area to inquire more, where they said that the network is slow especially at night.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Nongthymmai Circle and Tramline Badminton Academy will hold the Maitshaphrang Khasi Badminton Tournament
Shillong, Jymmang 21: The Hynniewtrep Integrated Territorial Organization (HITO) led by its President, Bah Donbok Dkhar, today came to evict people who used to sleep in front of the Civil Hospital. Shillong, to those suspected of being drug users.
Gabriel urged the MDA 2 government to take action in relation to the biscuit farming, which is one of the most important agricultural activities to boost income in Eastern and West Khasi Hills.
Although the people have witnessed with their own eyes that the turnout of the people to the procession called by the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep Hills District has reached lakhs of people. Government officials have informed the Prime Minister that the number of people who have arrived is only 30 to 35 thousand people and their information is only to please the Prime Minister who is currently abroad.
Besides, the reports said that they want Bah Shangpliang because he is a retired IAS officer of the state government who can also speak on the issues of the jaidbynriew and the state as a whole in Parliament.
The UDP leader said that not only is Bah Lanong an old member of the party but it does not mean that he can do whatever he wants.
Another problem in Laitumkhrah village is the collection of garbage, where the Dorbar Shnong has discussed this and a committee has been set up to look into this and it needs to work more closely.
However, on the same night, security forces rescued Amit and his follower from Kwakeithel Konjeng Leikai and took them to Raj Medicity for treatment.
The seven-time Grand Slam winner has recently announced her retirement from tennis after winning 43 trophies. Therefore, the player said that yesterday she said that her next service apart from her career is to try and help the young players who are still in the WTA. growing up who have a strong belief that sports is one of the foremost service activities in their lives.
However, the union has expressed its surprise at the continued load shedding until these days despite the fact that the water in the Umïam Dam has been sufficient due to the heavy rains in the past few months. .
He said that the demand for pylleng saw in the state is very high and therefore Phira Dohtdong urged the unemployed youth of the state to work together. He said that he receives about 10 trays of pylleng per day because it is a good job for these youths. tray has 30 pylleng and at present he has about 500 cows and these cows produce about 10 trays of pylleng per day which means he gets about 300 pylleng per day.
Taking note of the complaint from the workers, the leaders of these organizations including Bah Bandary Ryntathiang, President of CoRP, Sengkmie, Bah Pateng Myrsing, President of HANM Ri-Bhoi District and others. , have met with Dr. Harish GD Scientist and Officer-In-Charge of NBPGR, to discuss the salary cut of the employees working at the site.
The District Magistrate of East Jaintia Hills District on Saturday declared three households in Dong Rymbai, Wapung Shnong, East Jaintia Hills District as a micro containment area. high risk and low risk contacts.
The Kingdom of Israel had 20 kings from 1050 B.C to 586 B.C. It had 20 kings who ruled over it. What is this? The reason is that the kingdom was destroyed because of disobedience to God.
“We promise that MCL is determined to fight for the peace, order and security of its employees and neighboring residents who have ties to our company and promise that such things shall not happen again.
EMRI President Microlina Syiemlieh said that if the government does not call for talks with the Union within 72 hours or three days, they will strike and stage a strong protest. This is not a new demand and it has been a long standing demand since 2018-19 but the government has remained silent.
In fact, election rules are usually strict on the media, and you can't just be open-minded when it comes to how you cover news during elections, whether it's racially motivated. and those who may cause enmity and bloodshed in society and the State.
Despite this, the State Government has already decided to direct the organizers of the festival to start the festival in the evening after the services.
Also present at the meeting were BJP MLA from Assam Dr. Man Sing Rongpi, MLA from Baithalangso constituency while Congress MLA from Meghalaya George B Lyngdoh was present.
The CEM of KHADC is one of the MLAs who have been aiming for the post of Minister but the party has handed over the post of CEM to him. and there was a great conflict.
Banalari and her supporters were welcomed by Prestone Tynsong at a meeting held at the NPP headquarters in Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: Mawryngkneng CC beat Marbisu CC by five wickets in the District League T20 League Cricket Association on Monday at Mawryngkneng Stadium.
Such an article is very important for the people to know more about the ILP. What I am happy about is this part written in the third paragraph – Quote “It is the The fact that the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation, 1873 is still in force and requires only a Notification from the Governor to implement it, because it has been adopted through the United Khasi and Jaintia Hills District through Section 79 of the Northeastern Reorganization Act, 1971 and also through the Meghalaya Adoption of Law Order,
Two prominent candidates from 7-Amlarem Constituency, incumbent MLA and Defense Minister Lahkmen Rymbui and former MLA Stephan Mukhim, have filed their nomination papers before the Returning Officer Sub-Division Officer, Amlarem on Monday.
Pynursla, Naiwieng 7: Police today held a rally of the VDPs of Pynursla Police Station at the Dorbar Hall of Neng Gate, Pynursla. The meeting was attended by SP of East Khasi Hills, Bah M Kharkrang, SDPO, Sohra, Ian O Swer, OC of Pynursla PS, Bah BL Wanswett, Rangbah Shnong. VDPs from all over the villages.
This patient was admitted to the hospital on 5.10.2022 and died on 6.10.2022 at 7:40 pm.
According to an RTI received from the office of the Deputy Commissioner Supply, East Khasi Hills, within 10 years, the government has increased the price of sugar to T6.50p.
The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, has begun to express that the UCC is necessary to ensure that all citizens have equal rights.
“I don't understand how the state can admit that it is doing better than others when it has failed in all aspects,” said UDP Working President Dr Jemino Mawthoh.
Shillong, Jymmang 8: The Urban Development Department and the PHE Department have complained that the Central Government has reduced the funds allocated for the Greater Shillong Water Supply Scheme (GSWSS) Phase. III which has been allocated T.17 crore from JNNURM, as the state government has not been able to meet the requirements as stipulated by the central government.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Lad Rymbai Unit has demanded that MePDCL Khliehriat Distribution Division should immediately provide electricity to Ladrymbai B village after the village has been in darkness for more than three months.
Khliehriat, Nailar 31 : Members of the Jaintia Students Union (JSU) Southern Border Zone, today repaired the collapsed road which has caused a lot of trouble to the travelers in the border areas near the village. Borghat, East Jaintia Hills District and said that this landslide has been left behind by the Public Works Department which has been silently cleaning the soil and stones on the road for many months.
Members of the Academic Council (AC) of NEHU have demanded that the Vice Chancellor and Chairman of the Academic Council (NEHU) should immediately convene an emergency meeting to discuss the issue. on the allegation of illegal implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 at the Under Graduate level for the academic year 2023-24 without the approval of the Academic Council.
Wiko Kharjahrin of Youngsters FC won the Best Goalkeeper award while Wantiplang Syiem of Nangkiew United FC won the Best Player award. ) Firstborn Ïawphniaw of Youngsters FC. Before the football match, the club also held a closing ceremony to honor the former leaders, founders , former Presidents and General Secretaries in the presence of women's organizations, executive council of Nongjyllieh, residents and elders of the area and others in the presence of Bah Nestingdar Nongdkhar as the chief guest.
The BHR refers to the rapid shrinkage and rupture of the lungs and breathing, which is the main cause of fatigue.
The police have taken over the investigation.
The dog sits / stands on the balcony.
Because of the high fiber content of this fruit it can prevent high blood pressure and help lower body weight, maintain blood sugar levels and relieve stomach problems.
It is also here that Assam will understand that if it attacks the security or fear of Meghalaya, the problem is that they themselves will be attacked by other powers. Assam is stronger, as the BJP government is doing these days and the signs show that the threat is greater for Assam, initially, although it will affect and join hands with other states in the North East. east.
“It is a shame for the country to call for talks with such rebel groups,” said Marak.
He said that the intention of this person to write down other types of medicines is only to prevent them from cheating to get these medicines, but the pharmacists of the pharmacy in Nongstoin have refused. They tried to arrest him, but he managed to escape.
According to the complaint, the Dorbar Shnong Khanduli has alleged that the Karbi community cut down trees on July 22 with the involvement of Assam Police and KSA from West Karbi Anglong.
Besides, the UDP has gained more power in Mawlai with the return of its leading leaders in 2013 such as Hun Mylliemngap, Morris Lyngdoh and others.
The EC has to seek authorization and permission from the state government before doing any work. The current EC has made JHADC only one of the departments of the state government and does not know and understand. understand the word autonomous.
He said that this area has also been the scene of plane crashes in the past and he said that no planes have been found in the past because it is a rich area and forests. who rben.
The Holy Family Hospital will be without oxygen for about 2.5 hours from this evening.
When asked where these residents live now after the destruction of their houses, he said, “We live in the house provided by the village authority, the belongings we keep inside the dorbar shnong.” said.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills, S Nongtnger, IPS, in a statement, today announced that after inspecting the condition of the roads in the Police Bazaar and Motphran areas, The Shillong Traffic Police (STP) will first try to restrict the entry and passage of all types of Public Transport Buses SPTS to Motphran and Police Bazaar area, starting from 23 November, 2022 and the new operation of these buses is as follows –.
With this victory, Lajong have returned to the top of the table, tied with Rang Dajeed United FC on nine points each. or, the +6 date.
Therefore, the Seng requests and expects all the children of the country to attend this festival and to perform with the male and female dancers in their full costumes to make the festival flourish. rejoice in the work and proclaim the glory of the country.
On the other hand, the women and youths of these villages, have expressed the same voice and that is to oppose the liquor shop in this area, admitting that if there is such a liquor shop, The liquor shop in the area is to teach the youth of the area to become addicted to kyiad which is also a drug that causes many crimes.
Who is the Palm Tree? Explain in detail about this tree.
On the other hand, the two organizations demanded that the government should take immediate action on this important issue of education of the youth of the district and the state as a whole.
The closure of foreign shops in parts of Shillong has not been banned, but it is because they are afraid of the Khasi who will shoot and tie and stone their shops. , because there is still a lot of anger and anger against the killing of Khasi in Mukroh.
Therefore, regarding the excessive land registration fee, the SRSRBD urges the state government to think carefully on this issue and to reduce the fee for land registration, because “If it is too low, it will cause problems to the people and especially to those who live on the border, it will force them to register in Assam, because the fee for registration of land is too high,” he added.
This song stirred up the soul and its words were perfect, creating unity and peace.
“On the part of the Prime Minister and other invitees, they honored Tengnang Sangma, Gracyl Ropmay, Starly Shullai, Felix Langstieh, Cinda Sangma, Amabel Susgni and Desmond Rimaki Sunn.
India is one of the largest importers of palm oil.
All those who own houses and land within the boundary of Mawlai Nonglum are requested to come and clean up their land on that day and also to meet with the Rangbah Dong of their village.
To receive the advice of the elders, so that life will remain in the 'Tyrsem', as the Longshuwa have established and placed in the right characteristics in accordance with the Khasi thought and in the views of others. Khasi.
Most of the households (about 85 per cent) live on the cultivation of Synsar, Tympew and Sohniamtra.
Conrad said the times of the Congress have come to an end and it is necessary to join the party in order to get various development schemes.
The Special Judge has refused to grant bail to him at this time as the cases filed by the ED and CBI are related to other AAP leaders including Manish Sisodia and Satyendar Jain.
Rogers was told by his family that he died peacefully on Wednesday night.
In addition, training and education should be given to the residents, school children and pedestrians to know the value of cleanliness.
The mother of the child has been ordered to be treated.
From earrings, bracelets, sati and other jewellery, many women choose gold over diamonds at any time.
For example, a border mining company employs chowkidars and assistant managers to village or area leaders who are more likely to benefit and protect their interests. The secret of these companies where these parks are located, provides quarters for them to live like caged lions to dance in the circus and cover the hill at will because of those who oppose. The monthly fee has been set at only 10 symbols of rice in relation to the proceeds from the auction.
ISIS militants have infiltrated Muslims in Indonesia by showing a picture of a child with an AK 47 rifle and a machine gun on his body. hand grenade bombs.
Wellbirth said that in these days, members of the Sengbhalang have been arrested and as soon as they are arrested, their pictures have been published in the newspapers. We still don't know what has been done to them and this has been very sad.
Differences over the border with Bangladesh have been resolved in a very peaceful manner and this will improve travel opportunities in the future.
“If we count the victory of the UDP and VPP out of 36 seats in Ri-lum Khasi, there are still 15 MLAs and this means that out of 36 constituencies 21 don't want to change but only who want, this has clearly shown that the majority wants this policy to remain as it is," he added.
The Union extends its condolences to the family of Bah HS Shylla and prays for his soul to rest in peace.
The program was enriched by a song about the disease by the students of Women's College, Shillong BSW department 3rd semester.
The competition also showcased the progress of Meghalaya in the sport of rowing, and also its ability to host major competitions.
He said that through this collaboration, 550 households have been provided with solar power plants and cookstoves have been distributed.
It is understood that the BJP members mistakenly recognized the image of Xi Jinping by taking the image of Kim Jong Un.
Now it sells for 500-520 shillings.
“The Assam police use LMGs, so when you play football, you don't fight, only with your right foot and everyone knows that the Assam police use machine guns and other firearms. When the Assam police opened fire, the Mizoram police also had to turn around, while they were strong,” he said.
I guarantee and warrant that you will be the witnesses of Him. Try it Friends and you will find because those who have really sought Him will become the witnesses of Him. you religion spirit.
As mobile companies do not forgive or allow mobile users after the validity period, MeECL's action is also a refusal to allow these companies and is a compulsion to pay the bill. Electricity boarding when using boarding with these mobile towers.
The Minister said that so far, 4,747 pre-primary – class XII students have been forced to leave their homes to attend school. temporarily stay in shelters provided by the government and the military.
The Longkmie Gas Agency has expressed its concerns and promised to address the shortcomings faced by the residents and has clarified that there is no smuggling of cylinders.
If it doesn't change, the new MLAs in 2023 will be able to sit in the new Assembly.
When he explained the reason, he was shocked.
If I don't stand on my feet, I will stand on my feet.
Moodymmai, who won the toss, tied first and set a target of 93 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 23.3 overs.
Speaking as the chief guest, Ma Dawan Lyngdoh urged those who attended the training to take responsibility to complete the training and to try to cultivate what they have been trained so that they can grow in agriculture. and that they will increase their income.
Laxmi Devi (65), of Lad Umsaw, Ri Bhoi District, was admitted to the Civil Hospital, Shillong on 20-04-2021 and passed away on 1st June
“If there are friends or young people of the church who see that there is no order, they have the right to show it, but it should not be published in the media,” said Pastor Phawa. your work.
“This action of the government is to increase the suffering of the villagers who are suffering from poverty, as happened at Tura Civil Hospital which was overcrowded when vehicles came to accommodate patients,” said the South Tura MLA.
Everyone knows the relationship between the prime minister and some of the wealthy and everyone knows the money that goes into his trade and one of them is the Rafale soskular.
He said that in 2018, the Government will increase the age limit for the examination and the Ministry of Education is the first department to increase the age limit from 32 years to 37 years for the benefit of the people. of contract school teachers.
Shillong: The Working Committee of the KJP Assembly on 27th November 2018 has considered the decision of the Supreme Court not to decriminalize Section 377 of the IPC which deals with same-sex marriage. male.
After this, the hearing of the three 'Tpu niam' was held by the Langdoh.
Shangpung Moosyiem beat Demthring 3-1 in the 1st Division Football Tournament of the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
Police have searched the scene and collected evidence from the scene and sent the evidence to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) in Mawdiangdiang.
Sangma said it was sad to see the empty seat of Bah SK Sun.
Other speakers included AL Hek-MLA-Vice President, Dr. Manash Das Gupta, General Secretary MPCC, Richard Marak, President Youth Congress, Joplin Scott Shylla, President Mahila Congress and others.
Therefore, the prosecutor said Marcuise's failure to disclose that he had the case amounted to unlawful conduct.
Their son, Satvik Ranjan, is a cricketer from Delhi, while their daughter, Prakriti Ranjan, is in Class V in Delhi.
Police locked the door of the house and found the body of Samli lying on the floor.
So far, about 150 refugees have arrived in Them Basuk, Madaryting.
The law should clearly state that they should resign as members of the Seng within 24 hours after election, not before election.
“It is only the Congress party which has a good position in Delhi because every meeting held around the country the people have always expressed that they are still more for the Congress,” he said.
During the meeting, the Union Minister listened to the speech of the Chief Minister.
Furthermore, when you go to foreign countries, you know that Cherrapunjee is located there.
One of his disciples, Sandeep Nishad, died at SRN Hospital, while another, Raghavendra Singh, died while undergoing treatment at SGPGI. in Lucknow.
In the last election campaign, Assam Chief Minister Himanta Biswa Sarma said that the NPP will not take part in the new BJP-led government in Manipur.
The KSU has closed down the factory after a man came to complain that the company has not paid the shallan bill which has cost billions of rupees.
Up to 2,148 old centers will be upgraded and the government has set a target to extend the Anganwadi centers to 1,554 villages which do not yet have these centres.
Prof Badaplin War from NEHU, said that there are many types of translation, some translate the speech of a person and some translate the writing.
“The reason for the incident in Balakhawa is the construction of a road from Assam to Meghalaya,” said Renikton.
In this regard, Bah Rymbai said that the Seng has followed up with the Secretary to the Education Department of the State Government, Ambrose Ch.
He also emphasized on Article 212 of the Constitution which states that what is alleged in the writ petition is the decision of the Lamphang in the proceedings of the dorbar and which cannot be questioned by the court.
Shillong, June 22: The Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has decided to increase the salary of all casual employees who earn less than T.5000 per month to T.5000 per month. .5000 tyngka per month while others who have received more than T.5000 tyngka will continue to receive the same amount.
This has inspired Bah Panbor to respect history and protect his rights.
We have also seen how Assam government officials have entered Mukroh of West Jaintia Hills to shoot dead four Khasi Pnar elders on charges of illegally carrying timber from Karbi Anglong forest.
The doctor said that the shortage of the PHC is not in any area, but in terms of the number of staff such as nurses and grade IV, while in terms of The doctor said that in the past he has written to the higher authorities.
He said the government has taken many steps to provide adequate sports facilities to promote sports in the state.
The meeting decided that the Assam government should submit the report in June or June this year; However, the Mizoram government has not yet received any reply from the Assam government.
The former Sohra MLA/MDC said that if the Majai is taken away from the Sohra Hima, it will be a terrible tragedy and as a public servant who has led the Sohra area, he will not allow that to happen.
There are 18 recoveries from the disease.
He said that there have been many souls who have sacrificed their lives for the sake of the country, and they deserve to receive honor for their bravery in any field. Throughout the day, after receiving the honour, it was also fortunate to conduct this successful programme.
The Cabinet meeting of the State Government on 2nd June 2024, has approved to postpone the MDC election of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and JHADC until month from October 2024.
Speech was also delivered by Faithtis Ryngkhlem Secretary Seiñraij Tuber Women Wing.
The competition teams were divided into three groups.
Speaking to media, the Children's Minister said that tourism plays a major role in the development of any region.
“If you don't have the responsibility and you don't have the feeling to save the lives of the people, please don't say anything else that can discourage the people to go and give this tika.
He asked whether if they win, it means that they have won, but if they lose, they will blame and criticize the BJP, and this way of thinking is not right and acceptable.
“You know that when we were in northern India, there were many differences between the Khasi people.
The ECC congratulated the Assembly's Committee on Environment for visiting these coke factories and hoped that the committee would take action to eradicate these factories.
Now, those who are rising are becoming richer, while those who are poor are becoming poorer, because we have wasted our time, our wealth, to take it to heaven.
Shillong: The East Khasi Hills District Administration has been closely monitoring the increase in the price of piat in the market.
The training was conducted by NCA Head of Education Sujith Somasundar, Master Faculty Apurva Desai and Faculty Member M Sanjay.
The Home Prison authorities have requested another T.22 crore for the completion of the prison.
After the Congress MLAs did not have the opportunity to discuss the issue, they immediately left the Legislative Assembly with slogans of condemnation of the MDA Government, Conrad K Sangma who is the Minister. The Chief Minister and Bah Lahkmen Rymbui, Minister of Home Affairs.
Bah Cheini is a farmer and has six children, all of whom are women.
A little about this film – As in many Khasi-Jaintia families, parents have a responsibility for their children but there are other children like the case of Lasubon (Asunta Papang) an event that affects from the body to the mind just because of the love that burns.
P.Dated Silchar the 22nd July, 1938.
Thomas Jones died in Kolkata on
However, according to the findings of the union, there are only two types of training, Tailoring and Knitting.
There is a great doubt whether these residents of Shillong understand the character, way of thinking and customs of the Khasi.
Thousands of people attended the UDP rally in Sohiong to listen to the explanation of the party candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh who is also a former MLA and former Minister of Home Affairs.
Mawkyrwat, Nailur 01 : The Referees Committee (RC) of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA) today celebrated the Referees Day 2022 at the Artificial Turf Ground. of MDSA, Mawkyrwat.
Speech was also delivered by a student who requested the Managing Committee and the authorities to upgrade the school from Class VIII to Class IX and so on to Class X .
“I have received information that the political parties involved in the Meghalaya government want to remove James Sangma as the Minister of Home Affairs, but only the Chief Minister can take this decision,” he said. said Prestone Tynsong.
“It is the central government that will take the final decision on this,” he said.
Therefore, he urged the Ministry of Intelligence to strengthen the security forces if there are such infiltrations.
Then, in 2003, Mr. Lapang was appointed as Mr. JD Rymbai.
According to the report, Iga has been suffering from injuries for the past few months, but has been able to return to health and be able to develop his style of play for the tournament. In preparation for the French Open next month, she will have to defend her title once again.
The report also said that this year's Asia Cup will be held between 1-17 November.
To create more jobs in the state, PRIME Meghalaya has been launched.
According to one report, the government is ready to abolish all the fund repairs, and if that happens, who will cover the emergency repairs.
Umsohjew is a powerful source of energy.
It is a day of joy, which will be remembered by the people for years to come.
He said that later, a Joint Action Committee was formed, headed by Bah Jonis Khongkrom, Sordar Raid Nongshken, with Bah Peter D Rynjah as Secretary.
On the part of the village leaders and the residents of these villages, they expressed their gratitude to the army for this initiative which has been of great benefit to the residents of these border areas.
After a few months you will see a quick improvement in your hair if you use these treatments twice a month.
State prison officials said the inmates have been on hunger strike since Friday night by refusing to eat lunch and breakfast on Thursday.
The seized goods were handed over to the Custom Office for further action according to the rules of law.
She said that the NPP's appointment to the opposition is something she cannot answer but it is the MDCs who can give the best answer.
Shillong, November : Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie on the 14th of this month has donated a work order of 4 lakh tyngka to two schools. piano, guitar, violin and others.
Each fish farm produces 25 kilograms of fish a year and is sold to the staff of the Notre-Dame Cathedral.
Jowai, Jymmang 24: The Khasi Students Union (KSU) Laskeiñ Circle today visited the two banks of SBI Raliang and MRB Mowkaiaw, West Jaintia Hills district to seek clarification on the issue of The union has received an explanation from these two Managers and the Branch Managers of these banks. The union has given them time within this month to arrange for the needs of the people and if they don't get permanent the union will have to take another path so that the people of the area can benefit from these. Shillong, Jymmang: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, East Khasi Hills District, today announced that there will be no award ceremony for the Indian Council for Child Welfare. Awards" for children who have done brave deeds, which will be awarded annually.
Internet service providers.15.
Shortly after, her family members paid T.2 lakh to her husband by selling their land.
In the VPP, this is not the case because all members and office bearers have the right to contribute along with the MLAs or those elected by the people.
Besides, there are also the vendors who earn their income from the fish market, there are also the cleaners who pay their own bill at the rate of T.40 tyngka per month. one shop.
Sangma, in fact, has felt the demands of the KSU youth, has started to develop the grounds, which try to shake the draft, but these Rangbah said that he has not spoken to them. 'Now, let me keep in abeyance' was the end of it.
On the 5th and 7th, an awareness camp was held at Mawkynbat and Phudbah villages with the participation of more than 1000 farmers.
The investigation started from the beginning of the incident until the end when Rida was found pregnant.
The HSPDP has announced a 10-day office blockade from Tuesday across the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
The Government has been directed to establish a Contributory Provident Fund in accordance with the Provident Fund Rules (India), 1962 and the Assam Deficit College Employees (Pension) Rules,
The number of cases in Punjab is 7,646, Sindh 7,882, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa 3,288, Balochistan 1,218, Islamabad 415, Gilgit-Baltistan 364 and Pakistan-occupied Kashmir
Nongpoh: A group of taxi drivers operating from Nongpoh-Byrnihat to Jerobad under the Lama Local Taxi Owners and Drivers Association (NHAI) Nongpoh Region on Saturday went to line up at the NHAI Toll Plaza at Pahammawlein village. Ri Bhoi, to express their opposition to the NHAI's plan to impose Fastag on these taxis, which have to pass through the Toll Gate almost every hour.
The 22-year-old has scored 36 goals in 35 appearances this season, breaking the Premier League record of 34 set by Andrew Cole and Alan Shearer in Premier League matches.
The advantage is that instead of having to go to other places to receive the training, the training has come to their doorstep.
Hills United Cricket Club beat Khliehtyrshi Sports Club by 60 runs.
In November 2022, in a Facebook interview, Boxer pleaded guilty to Gupta’s murder.
It can be said that in this area the Thangkhiew clan had many Mawbynna which had their own basa which they used to hold market in ancient times.
In Meghalaya, Justice Yaqoob Mir, the chief justice of the Jammu and Kashmir High Court, will be appointed as Chief Justice.
The match, which started at 3 pm, between Raitsamthiah SC and Umsohsun SC, ended with both teams failing to score until the end of the first half.
In a statement, he said that the government should focus on other development projects to benefit the people especially to improve the students in the district such as government schools, Medical Colleges. , Engineering College, physical training facilities for sportsmen from the fields as Ri-Bhoi District has been recognized as an Aspirational District especially which has also risen to the third position among the Aspirational Districts. which is a great pride for the district and the state as a whole.
“These two agencies strongly suspect that they have something behind them because once the ear tags are installed it proves that they are suitable for eating meat and it will put in trouble those who are involved in the “It's not a good idea to smuggle cattle to Bangladesh,” said Generous Warlarpih.
Why? Because Meghalaya is a small state,” said Bah Sadon.
He also promised to complete the construction of Iawmusiang which has been left without anyone to look for after the government has released the first installment and the remaining 2 installments but many of them have not been able to pay. they.
Therefore, the Seng Khasi invites all the Kurs who hold their traditional religion to attend the tournament in Ri-Bhoi and to bring the traditional music and dance from the Seng Khasi department. President Lam Sungoh and Secretary Ap Dohling said.
In Maharashtra, 245 people have been admitted since July 2020 for suspected cases of Coronavirus and 229 of them have been confirmed negative. pain.
Fr. James said that to fight against the disease, the Government of India has received assistance from Venezuela and this assistance will end in If you have access to medicines and other means of assistance to eradicate such a disease, the public should come forward so that we can eradicate malaria in the area.
When his friend showed up he saw that the car still looked perfect.
U Bah Arbistar Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong, said that the presence of volunteers like this group will be a blessing to the families who have suffered such incidents and hopes that others will also take the lead. this group.
Shillong: Six months after receiving the results of the MP elections, the joint candidate of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), Dr Jemino Mawthoh, has expressed his confidence of victory.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the CEM said, “I am happy to see that this school has been completed.
“Until now, this law has not been passed, doesn't this head of the forest department know about it? Doesn't the Meghalaya State Pollution Control Board have issued a report in June 2012 that the Lunar and Lukha rivers are no longer drinking water even after the destruction? filter or shet pynkhluit ha ding" asked the KSU, in which the KSU expressed its surprise at the claim of the Head of Forest that the rivers in the state are not polluted because the environment is still clean. Speech at the closing ceremony of Wildlife Week
Dr. Indakiewlin Kharbuli, who has completed her training in the treatment of children to adults, is at Woodland WK Hospital, Sabahmuswang, West Jaintia Hills.
Kylla-la-kylla: to change the language.
Other speakers included Toki Blah, ICARE, HH Mohrmen, Aiban Swer, MIG Officer, Prof. Antanu Bhattacharjee, NEHU. MLCU Vice Chancellor RG Lyngdoh, Brian D Kharpran, Patricia Mukhim, Editor of The Shillong Times, Naba Bhattacharjee and others who attended the function.
All these are based on the lunar calendar and the five-day market calendar of the Khasi, which has been found to be closely related to the Gregorian Calendar used in the world.
We elect legislators who enrich themselves first and create poverty for those who vote for them.
Shillong, July 12: The BJYM Meghalaya (BJYM) on Tuesday said that in Meghalaya, people who get government jobs are only those who have connections with government officials and politicians but those who do not have such connections will not get jobs. to enter government jobs no matter how intelligent they are.
In West Jaintia Hills District, the following places have been selected for the registration of new as well as existing members and this will be at Iawmusiang, Jowai, Raliang, Mookaiaw and Amlarem.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Deimonmi said that Lapangap Village welcomes the deployment of CRPF personnel to patrol the border as he has seen that the Meghalaya Police cannot provide protection to the people when they come from Karbi. Assam Police.
Shillong, Nailar 11: A few months ago, an elderly man named Bah SS Sun, found a man in a village, whom he did not want to name, from a tree. riew hadem, don't have two branches.
He said that the VPP members carrying placards in front of the MLA's residence was a sign of protest against his silence on the Reservation Policy.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, Bah Sounder S Cajee congratulated the youth for their success in playing football as well as the people of this area. They should encourage more and more youngsters so that they can be encouraged to develop in various sports.
He said that they had held a meeting last month and written to the Chief Minister and DC of EKH. He promised to help and inform the Dorbar Shnong,” he said.
In addition, the Minister informed that the Mining Plan to start the scientific mining of coal is in the final stage of approval from the Central Government.
The purpose of the committee is to ensure compliance with Section 18 of the Livestock Markets Rule 2017 regarding the sale of live animals.
Hep Dkhar 39', Masan War 51' and Sandeep Siangshai 71' scored the third goal for Sailung Ialong.
More than 500 people have been killed on both sides in Israel and Palestine in the fighting that began with the attack by Palestinian Hamas militants on Saturday morning.
Therefore, the owners of the KSU have requested the leaders of the KSU that if they want to continue the raid, they should inform all the owners and the Sordar Shnongs along with the written statement. These owners and land owners have expressed their willingness to cooperate with the union.
But the plant that grows from that seed takes its name from that seed.
Teilang said their salary during the past 15 months is T.3,09,10,000 including from the Employees Provident Fund (EPF) which contributes 12 percent of the salary of the employees and also from the government. but till now the government has not given them their rightful share.
These groups from Ri War Sohra will perform the festival through sohniamtra, ngap, yiadum-ka yiad rot and kait babun.
The Regional Committee also visited the Entry Tax Gate and the Zero Point of Khanduli.
The SDDF will continue to support this demand until it is met,” the statement said.
:The winners of the 5th Sailadhar Baruah Film Awards (NE) 2022 have been announced.
Pakistan has no choice but to withdraw its support after Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and Afghanistan withdrew their support for Pakistan's proposal. for the implementation of the Hybrid Model in the Asia Cup Cricket Tournament.
Earlier, police had arrested 35 persons including Pal and other APSC members, including Samedur Rahman, Basanta Kumar Doley and Assistant Controller of Examinations Pabitra Kaibarta.
It has increased steadily in the 2000s, especially in 2013-14 and 2014-15 and has continued until 2017-18 and may continue in the coming years. implement it.
Regarding the demand to improve the Reservation Policy, the VPP leader said that the party expresses its gratitude to the people who have supported the VPP demand and the resignation of Bah Ardent. The Government has decided to appoint an Expert Committee to improve the Reservation Policy.
“It is not a slowdown, but it is just a slowdown to complete the work,” said Bah Thabah.
The Special Judge POCSO, West Garo Hills, found Ali guilty of the crime and convicted him under Sections 376(2)(i) IPC and 3( a)(b)/4/5(n)/6 POCSO Act.
For if that first commandment had been fulfilled, then nothing would have been made of the first.
Therefore, the Seng calls upon all the residents of Lum Jaintia to express their condolences to the families of these deceased by joining hands with the Seng on this demand. compensation from the government to their families.
When he arrived at Byrnihat, he was welcomed by the members of the FKJGP who had already arrived at the venue. Warjri”.
The meeting was conducted by Bah A Kharnaior.
In the next match between Border Area and Daloi FC, Border Area and Daloi FC ended in a draw after failing to score until the end of the match.
Shillong: On the 8th of this month at 11 pm, Magistrates together with police raided the coal mines in Dkhiah area of ​​East Jaintia Hills and arrested three persons while The three were identified as Abdul Hussain Barbour, Sahabaj Alam Barbour and Nassimuddin.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wanñiang said that since the government announced that Muliang area will get its own Block, the people of Muliang area have been happy and hopeful that the works will be completed. All those who have to do from the Block office such as 100 days work, food allowances and others don't have to spend time to go to Riangdo.
KSU today held a program and laid flowers at the memorial of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh at Malki, Shillong, in the presence of the family members of Bah Bull Lyngdoh and members of the KSU. The General Secretary of the KSU, Bah Donal V Thabah, in his memory of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh, said that as a leader, Bah Bull has taken many steps to ensure the peace of the country. and the nation.
In Lum Khasi Hills, it was said that the residents of Khat-ar villages have to travel to Mawjrong, but a single trip is not enough and they have to travel many times. touch them.
The bill will protect Hindus, Sikhs, Buddhists, Jains, Parsees and Christians.
They said that this is the third time that the house has been damaged and the first time that a tree from this area has fallen on the house.
These patients receive free medicines from the GMCH hospital and there are some other medicines which they do not receive from the hospital and VASU is still trying to get assistance for those who do not receive medicines. The USTM also met with these patients and advised them to take care of themselves and also provided them with a lot of kynphad and dettol to use.
“Looking at the rules, it is good but it needs to be improved.
“Regarding the development works in the border areas, we cannot confuse it with the border dispute, because the development works themselves are works that benefit the people of the area from both sides,” said the DC. The DC of WJH said that they will arrange for a meeting with the elders from different villages from Karbi-Anglong and West Jaintia Hills who live on the border to discuss the issue. the problems that have arisen and continue to arise in these border areas.
The collapse of the PA Sangma Sports Complex in Tura on Friday morning has shocked the residents of Tura and threatened the houses and people living near the stadium which the State Government has already closed. ribbon in November, 2022 as the opening ceremony of the football ground, while the construction of the indoor halls is ongoing and will be completed in November
The time to improve, expand or renovate these houses for themselves will also be faster if these people agree to live in these places provided by the government.
The HSPDP leader also criticized Elizabeth's claim that the opposition to uranium mining is for their own benefit and asked the founder of NEST to clarify that if those who oppose Uranium mining benefits should be demonstrated by evidence.
Before Christmas and New Year, it was seen that they started work only below Pongtung and the work was suspended while Lyngkat Road has not yet been painted.
He said that if there is a proper road, the farmers can earn two or three times what they have earned in the past years.
According to the government, 483 households and 949 people have been affected by the cyclone.
All the MDCs from the ruling party attended the Hima Mylliem Dorbar.
“Because it is under the leadership of (CM) that we have seen a better Meghalaya.
The bodies of the Dolloi and others have not been recovered till the time of writing.
The North Eastern Hill University Teachers' Association (NEHUTA) has given five days to the Vice-Chancellor (VC) of NEHU, Prof. PS Shukla to withdraw the letter published on 12th November, 2023 regarding the implementation of the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020, for the academic year 2023-2
Some of the biography of the recipient of this award is as follows – Bah Risingbor Kurkalang has been awarded the Padma Shri in the category of sculpture.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Bah Kongwang said that today, there are those who collect T.20 per head from those who go to fish in the Raid Mukertila border area and these are the ones who have been arranged. by U Dolloi Darrang.
“Holy night! "Once again the Christmas season has come and the year 2020 was a memorable Christmas.
Oh, don't be afraid.
Shillong, Jymmang 19: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HNLC) in a statement issued by its Publicity Secretary Sainkupar Nongtraw has admitted that besides Fredrick Kharmawphlang Vice President KSU and 13 others who have joined the party, There were also many political parties who joined it for the sake of the Hynniewtrep people.
He said that the UDP will prepare a petition to submit to the Central Government to include Shillong in the Smart City so that the people can benefit and reshape the city. the city.
At the same time, Conrad said the party has worked tirelessly for the people in the past five years and the victory is because the people have allowed the party to move forward.
Shillong: The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Barato Unit and Mukroh Unit led by President Samla Hamar Maskut and Secretary Samla Nihun Sten today met with the Junior Engineer Revenue Sub Division MPDCL in Jowai to demand a delay. of the office to deliver bill lights to the people in these areas of Thadialong and Barato instead of delivering them every month, but they deliver them once every three months.
Lacon Beam, Mrs. Chrisson Langstang, Mrs.
The 7th Winter Camp & Youth Leadership Training was inaugurated by AP Syiem, District Chief Commissioner & District School Education Officer, West Jaintia Hills as the chief guest in the presence of Saramai Tariang, Vice President MBS&G, West Jaintia Hills. Adiam U Bthuh, District Secretary MBS&G West Jaintia Hills while W. Lyngdoh, State Secretary MBS&G, Shillong on 11th November came to attend the Grand Campfire.
Under the PRASAD scheme, the Tourism Department of the Union Government has allocated eight projects worth T.256.45 crore for the development of identified pilgrimage destinations in the North Eastern States.
“Let us develop Sohra with diligence, knowledge and understanding,” said the Secretary Kong F.Kharmaw.
After the Cabinet meeting, the Secretary called upon the leaders of the MMSA and after promising to take action on these demands of the doctors under the banner of the MMSA. It was decided to temporarily suspend the protests to wait for the government to implement its promises.
He said that the students who stay in hostels in the state have not received any assistance even for their travel expenses even though the colleges receive money from the UGC Grant and the Department of Minority Affairs and On the other hand, the BJYM has urged the Central Government to ensure that the Government formulates rules or policies in line with the education of the area in order to eradicate the lack of education. I don't have a job in this state.
Explaining the facts according to the documents he has collected, he said that he is standing at that place as a young man of the jaidbynriew and when he sees that the old man is standing on the basis of firm and clear and fair grounds, he should show the facts and point out that what a candidate has taken advantage of and admit that the Tyrsad PHC was brought by him, shows that this candidate count the people and their wickedness.
Furthermore, the KHNAM leader said; “To ensure that drugs can be eradicated from the state, the state government must cooperate with the people, and to achieve this, the people need to gain the trust of the government.
'Kerala Story', which is one of the criticized and banned films, has been released by the West Bengal government. The Chief Secretary of the state has informed the Chief Secretary that it should not be allowed to be shown in the media.
For this purpose, BJP workers will visit several places to learn about the achievements of the BJP government in agriculture for the people of the state.
Due to the opposition of the village leaders, Sengbhalang, Youth Wing, Longkmie Wing and the people, the owner of the Kyiad shop, Bah Corneluis Kharhunai, has closed down the Kyiad shop. opened to the public yesterday.
The clash inside the Police Station between the KSU members and the police has escalated.
This statement came after Bah Medal Sing Lyngdoh and his followers on Tuesday announced that they have raised the flag of the UDP in Mawkyrwat Constituency. .
The agreement will also include the mutual release of those abducted by Hamas as well as those Palestinians who have been arrested and detained by Israel for a long time but whom Israel will have to release if she wants good luck this time.
In a statement, the Working President of KHNAM said, “Bah Sanbor and Bah AL Hek do not have the authority to appoint Rangbah Shnong. Therefore, the KHADC should seek clarification from these two MLAs on their authorization of a foreigner to become Rangbah Shnong and to issue a No Objection Certificate (NOC).
Nongpoh: U Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, has been raped and verbally abused by Bah Charles Marngar, MDC Mawhati, in the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam, which happened today at Iongkhuli village, Umtyrnga district. This happened after he tried to stop the Assam Police, when the Assam Police tried to stop the electricity posts, which the electricity distribution department of the state government, They have decided to install electricity in this village, which is also one of the border villages in Ri Bhoi.
“However, as we see now, this is not the case, on my part, I strongly condemn the government for not taking action,” said Bah Brighstarwell.
The PAC has urged the Extra Assistant Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District to submit all the documents relating to this project and the names of the officers who have been involved since the beginning of the construction of the project. Umroi Airport and appear before the PAC on 27th November.
In the men's category, St. Anthony's College boys have beaten KV Happy Valley in the first round of the tournament. final.
Gaurav Tiwari, leader of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), who is the Pracharak for Jaintia Hills, told North East Now that the soil and water in Jaintia Hills is rich in land and water. It is necessary, because there are Pnars who believe in Ram and Lakshman.
Meanwhile, Nepal's Foreign Minister NP Saud on Sunday said that some Nepalis may be affected and injured in the attack. Hamas inside Israel.
Manish Sharma (2/9) took the last wicket with the help of Bipin Kumar Ray who caught the ball before it fell.
Because tea leaves are a one-time crop and can last for decades.
The counting of votes for the MDC elections 2019 will be held at the following polling stations.
No matter how much they praised him, Peter laughed and returned the kind words and they just laughed.
The Best Athletes award was also awarded to four children who excelled in the sports.
Anthony, when he left jail this evening, was released suddenly and no one accompanied him, except his family, brothers and sisters. the news.
But know that this disease will spread from the wicked to the righteous without forgiveness.
Awards were also distributed to the teachers in the district who have been selected for their contribution to education and especially to the development of education including P Chetri Asst.Teacher of Nehru Memorial HSS Umsning. , Mrs. B Rympei Asst.Teacher at Mynken Govt.
The mother and son, Robila Mylliempdah and Narup Mylliempdah have lodged a complaint against the PWD officer not only for violating the NGT order but also for stealing coal from the NGT. the place you claim is yours.
A neighbor, who witnessed the incident, said that after the body was found, there were no signs of injury but it is highly suspected that the death may have been due to death. smoke inside from intense fire and smoke.
In the first match between Rynbai Synrang Shahkhain SC and Pamra Paithlu SC, Rynbai Synrang Shahkhain SC drew 1-1
A short meeting was also held on the same day where it was decided to intensify the indefinite protest if the dewbilat factories do not implement the price.
In an order issued on 7th October, the Full Bench of the Meghalaya High Court said that it is impossible for such an incident to happen without the participation of the District Administration.
The SIT's conclusion that it was a murder shows that the state police are not ready to do their job and it is an insult to the police department which is trying hard to protect corrupt people.
According to witnesses, the Bolero was coming down from Upper Shillong and after reaching Lad Lummawbah in a narrow area, the driver could not drive his vehicle. The road, went straight into these 2 vehicles until these vehicles could not move and just open the door too, due to the severe collision.
He said that all the information as requested and directed by the Ministry has already been entered into the BADP OMS for the 2020-21 working period.
This song sends a message to all about the evils that have spread in the society in the state.
Jowai, July 5: The Deputy Chief Minister, Professor RC Laloo has urged the students of various schools to dedicate themselves to the work of protecting the environment. read them.
Speaking on the current situation, he said that when you think about education, it has been a sad and encouraging experience, especially when it comes to the teachers who are the pioneers of life. of children through many types of education in schools because compared to other types of jobs such as government jobs where it can be said in a word that government employees are well paid, while the salary of There is a shortage of teachers and they are the most affected workers in Meghalaya.
Monfort Secondary School, Tura came second while Monfort Center for Education, Tura came second.
However, in the semi-finals, they lost to Australia at the Sydney Cricket Ground.
“The party has prepared me, it has prepared me, my father was an MLA, he was an MP, our family is serving the people,” she said.
The two parties went to the office of the Social Welfare Department to suspend the interview, but it was found that the Deputy Commissioner took note of the demand and ordered to suspend the interview.
The union said that it has received many complaints from the public regarding the overcharging of vehicles, which has caused a lot of trouble to the passengers especially those who are still driving. less in income.
The second is Infrastructure to look after the needs for the construction of new buildings such as roads, highways, water supply, electricity and others.
He said that the village has not yet received any orders from the doctors, but has received information from the cow farmers and the dead have been buried.
Nongstoiñ, Jymmang 26: Three students from Nongstoin, West Khasi Hills, have appeared well in the SSLC and HSSLC results. on this current occasion.
Mawlai Christian Sec School, Mawlai
He said that until now there is no BDO who has been appointed to take over the post and the BDO appointed is only temporary and has no authority in terms of financial matters especially as Rangbah Shnong. From all over the villages they have needed money for various schemes from the SRWP, MP scheme and also the MNREGA scheme which should have been received before Christmas.
It is to be recalled that the owners of the club from the USA last year announced their desire to sell the club and after a few days they received a lot of money. including from British chief executive Jim Ratcliffe and Finnish businessman Thomas Zilliacus.
The water used for cleaning silver and cleaning silver in stone slabs was obtained from the river formerly called Wah ka Ïaw Liar, now called Wah ka Liar, and that river became one. from the famous ancient female craftsmen here.
Fire brigade rushed to the scene, but the fire broke out and damaged the house and the furniture of the office.
Shillong: U Bah Sanbor Shullai, Minister of State for Home Affairs, on Tuesday met with the Joint Secretary to the Union Home Ministry, Piyush Goyal in Delhi and handed over a letter to the Minister. Amit Shah's Central Government.
After this, the JSM has suspended these foreigners from working and has ordered them to provide their documents.
He said that it is necessary for him as the Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board to visit the Screening Center at Byrnihat, because if any shortcomings are found, it can be improved. to provide comfort not only to those working in the area, but will also be one of the issues to prevent the influx of foreigners and especially during this time of Covid-1
A powerful bomb exploded at a school in Saihapui V, Kolasib district of Mizoram.
He also hoped that through this College, bright youth will emerge in the region and the State as a whole.
He also said that the claims of many people to invest money in the elections are wrong, but the wealth of MLA Mawthadraishan is development schemes worth tens of crores of rupees from roads, schools, water and others.
Khliehriat, March 19: The 1st Division Football Tournament of the East Jaintia Hills District Football Association (EJHDFA) was held today at Deinchynrum Stadium, Khliehriat.
In the meeting with them, they expressed their dissatisfaction with the Karbi rebel groups by demanding money from T.1000 to T.2000 tyngka and more from one household. u year.
The announcement to convene a meeting of all political parties came after a demand for a Special Session to discuss the Roster System and State Reservation Policy. This is also the result of the recent order of the Meghalaya High Court.
“After that, 20 gold bars were found wrapped in black tape in four bags.
If the government expedites the construction of the Entry and Exit, it will not only prevent the illegal entry of mynder, but it will also be one of the ways to curb human trafficking in the state. Ri Bhoi District is also the Gate Way of the state, they added.
Mrs. Wiary Najiar (86 years old) who used to teach in Mutong, Chilliangraij and Seinraij Jowai passed away on
As part of improving the country's defense capabilities, India plans to purchase 26 Rafale fighter jets and three Scorpene submarines from France in the near future.
Furthermore, on this day, the temporary office bearers of “KA SYNJUK KA KUR KHONGBUH” will be elected for the purpose of carrying out urgent matters related to the kur.
This allegation is surprising because as far as we can understand, we who are part of the media are working day and night to find out about corruption in the government and to publish it from day to day. even.
Hyderabad, July 12: Andhra Pradesh sculptors are busy painting a statue of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi. and the statue was erected in front of the Hindu Temple.
Prestone Tynsong said that he will not say anything at present but he will say again after the review meeting.
During the inspection, the EC leaders expressed their surprise that the Assam government has come to set up the Forest Beat House within the border of Meghalaya without consulting the District Council.
Pynursla, July 23: The enthusiasm of the people to donate money to the Voice of the People Party (VPP) and its candidates has spread across the country and this has been witnessed even in Pynursla. The party candidate Bah Manbhalang Thabah and party leaders Bah Ardent and Bah Winston Tony Lyngdoh, who came to listen to the explanation of the party candidate, Bah Manbhalang Thabah, When asked about the decision to collect donations from them to help raise funds for the VPP candidate, they said that they don't want to withdraw money from the pla. “All of us used to be bought by the candidates and when they won they treated us the people and now “It's time for us to spend even 50 tyngka from our own budget to elect an MLA whose expenses we will contribute,” they said.
The candidates for the election from the 08th Mawhati Constituency include Charles Marngar of the Congress (INC), Bah Bahahunlang Makdoh of the UDP Party, Bah Shemphang Lyngdoh of the UDP Party. Evarist Myrsing of the BJP, Dr. Evalyni Kharbani of the HSPDP, Dr. Saralin Dorphang of the TMC, Roswell Shadap of the PDF and Osbert B Rynjah of the PDF as independent candidates.
“However, we have formed a committee of experts and are now in the midst of finding members who can work together," she said.
He said the government's aim is to eradicate extreme poverty in the country.
The time for hunting is from 7 pm to 5 pm.
Shillong, June 18: The National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) has sent notices to all the Chief Secretaries of States and Union Territories and to the Secretary of the Union Ministry of Social Justice and Empowerment to report on the regarding the establishment of De-addiction Centres.
The word “literary” means literature, but this story here is not about the Society of Writers or a meeting on literature.
In West Khasi Hills, 3 cases, Ri Bhoi 50, West Jaintia Hills 10, East Jaintia Hills 14, West Garo Hills 16, South West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo Hills 2.
“The school is a place where we can shape the future of the child, and the Syad Lyngdoh Government Lower Primary School is 67 years old now, but the school building is still in ruins.
The calculation looks at various factors such as the population of the city and the number of listeners according to the data received from the India Readership Survey (IRS)
We will work with the police and the government to stop the foreigners from entering the state,” he said.
The senior leader of al Qaeda has been seen resting on Yemen's highway with an AK 47 rifle just days after he escaped from captivity. When they were angry, they went and took their leader out of the prison.
Nongpoh, July 15: The residents of the border villages near Assam in Nongpoh Constituency have expressed their gratitude after decades of waiting for the development schemes allocated for the border villages known as The Inter State Border Area Development Program has now started implementing for the benefit and needs of the people of the border area.
After the court has examined and found that he has committed the crime, it will sentence him to imprisonment.
“The police department has worked closely with the village authorities and other groups in the community and therefore it should be an important step to ensure that the youth are not misled,” he said. This is the head of the police department.
Hamlet said that a smart road means a road that is suitable from all sides, the provision of roads and parking spaces, while the CEO said that initially The smart road will be implemented first on a length of 6 km on the road from Raj Bhavan to Polo at a cost of T.30 crore, and will continue for 25 km.
Shillong, Naiwieng 3: U Bah K. Pohshna on Tuesday said that for five years now there has been no scheme in Amlarem Block and the people are suffering.
For the Tura seat, Tura MDC Bernard N Marak, former MLAs Winnerson D Sangma and KC Boro, former Boston MDCs Ria Sangma and Thomas Marak have applied for tickets.
Delhi, Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Maharashtra and Punjab have shown a decrease in new cases, while Andhra Pradesh and Assam have shown a decrease in new cases. Lav Agarwal, Joint Secretary, Health Ministry, India, said the number of cases in Bihar, Chandigarh, Haryana, Karnataka, Kerala, Himachal Pradesh, Manipur and Meghalaya has increased.
In UP, it is a murder for journalists to gather information from the families of the deceased, if they do not agree with the decision of the police, on the death of their family member.
Therefore you must be born again (John 3:3).
The forum will be chaired by Ency Shadap (HANM) as chairman, vice chairman Shnalad Rymbai (JSM), general secretary Sambormi Lyngdoh (EJNC), assistant general secretary John Pala (JYF), spokesperson Marshall Biam. (NEIPF), treasurer Michal Chyrmang (MPUF), assistant treasurer Julius Nongtdu (HNYF), chief advisor Leningstar Rymbai (JSM).
Therefore, the society should produce more and more languages ​​because the Khasi language is already at a higher level compared to other languages ​​in the region. recognition by the central government.
Besides, the Prime Minister denounced the behavior of the VPP MLAs as a shame and said “...it is not good and does not reflect the good character of our Members and the way the House is run.
There was also a discussion on poetry with the participation of scholars in this field.
He said the company has now started construction of a $2 million car manufacturing plant in Gujarat and he hopes that Ford cars will be successful in Meghalaya and the country. other.
The statement also sent its condolences to the family of Shailinia and prayed that God will rest their souls.
There are also those who are quick to kill the child in the womb secretly or without wanting to reveal it to the public, this leads to the loss of knowledge and forty kinds of evils in society.
Guwahati: Assam police have left for New Delhi to look for ways to punish Rajya Sabha MP UK Vanlalvena for his remarks to a media outlet.
If he had not been born of the Virgin, then Jesus would have been a human being like us and could not have redeemed us.
“Many people insult me ​​because I am trying to act while I am staying in a luxury hotel,” Somy told the Bombay Times.
All the foreigners were afraid of Bah Sylla.
The North Eastern Space Application Center (NESAC) has worked with government authorities to implement the project.
He said that according to information, government officials have returned from a visit to inquire about the provincialization of school teachers from Tamil Nadu and Kerala.
Facebook today suspended the account of BJP MLA UT Raja Singh for allegedly violating the company's rules and posting. I don't know the difference between the nations.
“He is willing to listen to the people and a great advocate of the North East whose name lives on.
“The ILP will only ban those who intend to stay in the state, it will not affect those who just come,” said the LKKH. It is not a tourist destination but to prevent those who intend to settle in the state.
The CSR scheme was distributed by AK Das, MD of the Bank in the presence of General Manager (NBG-East) Manoj Kumar Singh, Zonal Manager, Ramesh Kumar. and other officers and employees of the Bank.
Qatar, the host country of the 2022 World Cup, have not won in all three matches and tonight, the last match, they have not won. .
