Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit has lodged a complaint with the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Jagat Prakash Nadda against the issuance of the order by the new Director of NEIGHRIMS, Dr DM Thappa. They are no longer allowed to sell meat in the food shops in this hospital.
“Because the Town Committees have been appointed by the government under Section 2 Sub 2 of the Country and Town Planning Act 1973, they will implement the Building Act outside the Municipal,” he said.
However, we would like to urge the Prime Minister not to refuse to discuss the demand for a revision of the Reservation Policy according to the times and in view of the facts.
“Besides, he said, they have sent to monitor the activities of these groups.
Now it's time to focus on the trip to Thailand for the AFC U-17 Asian Cup.
In 2012, the school management received 30,000 square feet of land and through the Fund Raising Sub Committee, it received T. 20,02,500 lakh from the SSA Scheme to build a school building in Ialong.
The winners of Miss Meghalaya and Miss Teen Meghalaya will represent the state at the regional and national levels.
(John 3:16).
Similarly, with the aim of improving the livelihood of women, the government has been able to provide water to 2,80,000 households in the state, through the connection of 4,500 households by
This food aid is part of the union's efforts to help others at this time when poor families are facing difficulties in going to work due to the lockdown to fight against COVID-19 across the country.
Shillong, June 19: “Don't worry, the state government will think carefully about the reservation policy,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar.
These KSU leaders, who went to confirm these units, include Samla Shemphang Lyngdoh Mawphlang, Vice-President KSU, Sengkmie, Samla Biangbor L. Paliar, Organizing Secretary Samla Ferdynald K Kharkamni, President KSU Sengkmie. with others.
These laws shall be made by the authorities in accordance with the provisions of the laws and regulations established in the Constitution of India.
Members of the HYC were seen sitting in the middle of the road carrying placards and shouting slogans on Barik Road in front of the statue of Kiang Nongbah.
Speaking to media, the President of the Young Mind Association of Ri Bhoi, Bah Isynei Hinge, said that the Association together with its leaders and members have expressed their gratitude to the Dr.DD Lapang was honored at the program held yesterday at Ri Bhoi College, where the organization has opened and erected a memorial to Dr.DD Lapang. history in Ri Bhoi District and the state as a whole.
The Garo Leaders have not only achieved the 40% but now they have introduced the Roster System in which only the Garo people will be recruited in the Secretariat and Heads of Departments until they are equal or higher than the Garo people. The number of Hynniewtrep people to enter government positions in the Secretariat and Heads of Departments for 15 or 20 years or more.
Former Fulham goalkeeper Aleksandar Mitrovic scored the first goal for Al Hilal in the 10th minute while Abdullah Al Hamdan scored the first goal for Al Hilal. Pat scored the second goal three minutes later.
Three of them were pronounced dead on the spot, but five others were taken to the Royal Darwin Hospital with serious injuries.
“In the UDP, there is no election to elect office bearers but it has been appointed to the Nomination Committee which will meet on the same day as the general meeting,” said Bah Dkhar. who shall be elected President.
Shillong: On the road to Lum Shyllong, Sangmeiñ, Upper Shillong, on the road to Lum Shyllong, Shillong, on the road to Lum Shyllong.
At the same time, he said that the group of two wheelers has been able to build this house not from any scheme or assistance but through the efforts of the brothers. members of the group, because as members they have that spirit of doing something for those in need even if it is only a small gesture.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: On Tuesday, some independent MLAs will resign as Parliamentary Secretary to the State Government and at the same time they will resign from joining the Congress. their support for the Congress-led MUA-II government.
Shillong, July 27: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today inaugurated an Industrial Training Institute (ITI) in Rynjah in collaboration with the Labor Department of the State Government and Tata Motors Private Limited. .
She said that it is difficult to concentrate on her studies because she has to work from morning before going to school and after school.
We have now turned our attention to the second dose because many people should have received this vaccine,” he said.
The tournament was attended by the brother of (L) Debo Shullai, Bah Sanbor Shullai MLA Shillong South, relatives and office bearers of WJDSA including the Working President Bah EMH. Passah, General Secretary Lammat O Laloo, Vice President Patrick Lamare and others.
Shillong, October 9: The 2nd Indian Panorama Film Festival (IPFF) will be held in Shillong from 12th to 14th October at the Soso Tham Auditorium. public at this festival.
This work has been suspended for nearly two years since the felling of the trees along the road.
“There are strong laws to punish those involved in killing wildlife or fish and the law will take the necessary action,” said Ma Lakmen Rymbui.
I am confident that if we continue like this, we will see a dark future in this state,” said Pala.
The party also congratulated the MLA for his efforts to bring about many development projects in Ri Bhoi Sepngi, especially for the completion of the Civil Sub. Division, which was welcomed by the people of the area.
“As an officer, we must serve the people first and foremost and provide for the economic development of the community, according to the rules of work, which have been assigned to us,” he said.
They urged the people to go to the Sub Centres, PHCs in their villages, so that they can get information on health services from the time they are poor.
In a letter sent to the Prime Minister, Vincent H Pala, he said that he has recently sent a letter to the Union Minister of Education demanding the appointment of and one Vice Chancellor at this prestigious university in Meghalaya.
Aiban is now a player who has been playing in Indian tournaments.
On 21st November, Aziz Gogna, a resident of Koramangala, lodged a complaint at the Vivek Nagar police station alleging that his mobile phone had been stolen. while he walked in the way.
“We are trying our best to bring back the residents who are still stranded in Manipur by plane for those who want to return to Meghalaya.
When parents quarrel, quarrel with each other or have no respect for each other, their children see, follow and follow them.
So far, 200 families have been placed in boxes belonging only to Nongthymmai Parish.
The father of these children had prepared and cooked and after cooking the household including two mothers of these children and another neighbor had eaten the tit but the two Two mothers and one neighbor were injured and died due to differences in injuries.
Additionally, yachting and taekwondo will be included in the tournament after being eliminated from the last round.
Bah Comingone Ymbon said that since the establishment of SHGs, many changes have come in the villages.
All these vehicles heading to other states have been banned from parking along the NH 6 within the district boundary.
This disease occurs after 7 pm to 2 pm.
The deceased were identified as Lal Lapang, 65, and Pian Namsaw, 44, of Umden La-ang.
“However, the KHADC has not yet provided any information on this,” he said.
The smuggling of coal continues unabated, the emergence of dozens of coal burning factories in the past two years, the widespread felling of trees to supply plywood factories, and the rapid spread of of the mining companies are the new policies of the government authorities.
Electricians must ensure that electrical equipment attached to their home boundaries is within their control and not damaged to avoid injury.
They said that the ban on coal mining could also destroy even the ADCs, who are in charge of customs and land in the Schedule Area.
Why don't children have the power of understanding? The first reason is because they don’t get the foundation from childhood.
He said that the Labor Department officials have already conducted inspections on many workplaces in the city and whether they have received license from the Council.
On the other hand, Bah Nidamon Chullet, present of the JAC, said that until now, all the dewbilat factories in Jaintia Hills have not been able to operate according to the price stipulated by the government. dewbilat from the factories to other places for sale.
Manipur is in 11th position with 11 medals, followed by Sikkim with 2 medals. Meghalaya ranked 23rd along with Chattisgarh and Lakshadweep with one medal each.
Israel is the watchman of the world. To see this, we must know from the Word of God that the restoration of the remaining part has been accomplished.
Her leadership, hard work and compassion should be commended.
He also reminded that Jesus is the truth to eternal life by seeking Him with all their hearts. At the same time, he urged the young men to wake up from their sleep. the seas, the chains of life, in the name of Jesus, shall be overcome.
However, Marak, who is the MLA of the constituency, said that the minister has misled the people because this road has not been maintained for many years.
Shillong, Jymmang 03: The Khasi Author Society (KAS) on Tuesday decided to follow up with the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi language in the Khasi language. the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India.
Is this the benefit of our country and the region?” The HNYM said that the construction of the railway line will affect the people of the region as a whole.
She scored 74 marks, and not only a pass mark but also a Level 2 (only those who scored 70 percent are eligible and should participate).
Speaking to media, Bah Dhar said that this agreement has been discussed jointly by the two states.
He said that this is their sixth visit to Meghalaya and on the 1st of July they visited the Lyngksiar River in Sohra. .
The match between India and Pakistan will be held at the Ahmedabad Stadium on 15th March
From Thangbuli, Iongpiah, Malki and Pyndengrei there are many religious groups, clans and ethnic groups.
Shillong: The Khasi film “Ka Juk Return” has been screened on the 24th of this month with thousands of fans coming to watch it.
In West Khasi Hills District and Nongstoin, the District Head Quarter, it is sad and painful to see the queue of medical practitioners at the Civil Hospital Nongstoin. period.
Jamaran was reportedly trying to shoot with her gun, but mistakenly shot at another warship, Konarak.
He said that one of the problems is that they can no longer bring cows to the state so the cow traders used to go to buy cows from all over the state especially from Ribhoi, but here too. The incident occurred at the check point in Umling, Ribhoi District.
 Jesus, on the other hand, is always there whenever you call on His name (Rom.10:13).
“The ethnic violence is no longer a new incident in the North East but the violence that has happened since 3rd January, 2023 has already surpassed previous events," he said.
Those who know only to speak in words and declare “COVID FREE STATE” without any basis every time.
Normally these birds migrate on the 21st of November and this has been achieved in previous years and if the skies are cold, they may migrate earlier.
The decision came after many churches, including the Minister of Tourism, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, protested against the order after the district authorities banned the opening of shops only until you for 10:00 am.
He said that it is necessary to start this training program in agriculture for the school children.
We have seen many conflicts between the Khasi society and the laws that came secretly from the Government of India in Delhi.
Citizens of the Roman Empire had to identify themselves by this shap and these numbers.
Speaking at a public meeting at Krang today, the Chief Minister said that coal mining will resume after 60 days in the state after four applicants in the state have received receive the approval of the Government of India.
Dilute: dilute means to dilute the drink with water to dilute the strength; byrsieh is not to be filled with any wrong thoughts to deceive in the way you want.
In one of the interviews with the media, Bah Rymbui, said that the government will remove the share of teachers and the people of the state. The Managing Committees of the schools, which is the money to pay the salaries of the SSA teachers, if the teachers continue to strike.
Shillong, July 16: The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) in Shillong has warned that heavy rainfall may continue in the state until the 20th of this month.
It is a great remedy that can prevent diarrhea and prevent dehydration.
“This failure to reach an agreement between the VC and the MCTA is up to the VC to resolve this issue, and I have heard that the VC has invited them for talks,” he said. said Bah Shangpliang to the media.
The Chief Justice said that he will make arrangements to bring the case to Shillong, as it is currently in Khliehriat. Sohryngkham is the largest village in Asia but it is also the most affected village by the frequent fires.
JSU War Jaintia Circle in the presence of Treiborlang R Suchen, President Eddy Kerry Pohtam and General Secretary Kerry Lamin visited the family and urged the government to provide assistance to the family. that they may dwell in that house again.
Father Sangma said the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) has expressed its gratitude for extortion, kidnapping, theft, intimidation and murder. “We want the government to listen to this and call for talks with them”.
It is clear that the Congress government of Hiteshwar Saikia in Assam, the Congress government of Capt.
At the same time, he said that there have been talks with the NPP but no decision has been taken yet but the UDP has continued to prepare for the elections in Garo Hills by seeking cooperation with others. you are from Garo Hills.
They shot dead a weigh bridge worker and before fleeing, they put a letter demanding T.50 lakh beside each body.
It was a great loss for billionaire Anders Holch Povlsen, whose three children, Alfred, Alma and Agnes, were killed in a bomb blast.
Woodland WK Hospital has announced that it has empaneled or registered itself with the Megha Health Insurance Scheme (MHIS) or smart card for the convenience of patients at the hospital.
The crowds followed his body and filled the streets, and one of the guards struck his shadem and cried bitterly.
The Palestinians or Arabs of Palestine are sad and depressed when they think of their own city which they cannot own.
Another Russian general, Konstantin Zizevsky, was reportedly killed in the fighting.
“On our part, we demand that the government should appoint a committee on how to implement this, there should be safety measures in the areas where there is a threat because there can be another incident if they are not taken. “It's a good idea,” said Bah Mawthoh.
Meghalaya tomorrow will receive Raj Biswa and captain Jason Lamare, who have scored 59 runs so far, with Biswa nearing his half-century with 47 runs while Lamare where 18 years old.
When campaigning for an election, it does not mean to campaign but to explain the principles of the party, the candidate and so on.
He also congratulated all the political parties in the state, who have supported the teachers, in their strike, which has lasted for more than a month.
“There is a risk that the road will collapse if NHAI and GRIL do not implement the drain soon,” said the KSU. KSU Narpuh Circle General Secretary S Bamon said that the side drains on both sides of the road will be cleaned.
Tura, Jymmang 18: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad Sangma today inaugurated the Thakurbari Guest House and Annapurna Hall in Tura together with the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Thomas Sangma.
On the other hand, L Marbaniang, a member of MGSPHSVA, said that the government has allowed the shops from Khyndai Lad to Iewduh to open because the shops pay taxes to the government; However, the land vendors do not have to pay and this does not benefit the government, because the government does not hear the demands of the land vendors.
“We request the Government through the Ministry of Education to recruit us through Permanent Recruitment for a few months.
“We will work with the villages to get a place to set up the RRC and how to bring and maintain cleanliness in the villages, market places and others,” said Bah Pynïaid.
Smit, Jymmang 22: The Nongkrem Constituency People's Committee (NCPC) today held a public meeting in Smit, Bah HS Shylla. They went to ask him whether he will contest the mid-term MDC election from Nongkrem constituency after the MDC seat from Nongkrem constituency has become vacant, due to the resignation of Bah Ardent M Basaiawmoit. “I have decided not to contest the election anymore. I have been an MLA twice, an MDC and a CEM.
One of the tasks that the Government has recently assumed in the country is the self-management of 14 banks.
Therefore, the relatives and others who have any connection with the deceased are urged to come and collect the body immediately from the morgue of the hospital before handing it over to the hospital. The Shillong Municipal Board has not provided all the necessary facilities.
In Delhi, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Home Minister Amit Shah have ignored the NPP party. The NPP has not paid much attention to the important issues of Meghalaya such as the ILP. The inclusion of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, border disputes and other issues have led to the rise of the NPP party. Sangma said that the FOCUS scheme of T.5000/each is a free scheme. Earnest said that after the elections, the banks will send the payment to the beneficiaries along with the interest. .
The two students who were encouraged by Bah Shadap and his family were Samla Bahunlang Mawrie who came second and Samla Sylvester Shadap who came sixth in the Top Ten of the examination. HSSLC is not announced by the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE).
The Congress, which is in the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, is ready to raise several issues affecting the State from pending projects, problems faced by the youth and employment opportunities and others. others.
If the questions are changed, they set only the intellectuals without considering the average students and the below average students.
Police have taken the body to Khliehriat CHC. The body of Grecia Bareh, from Dkhiah, East Jaintia Hills, was handed over to the police. who is in your house.
However, after a few months we forget about them.
They recovered 11 song containing 2190 tablets and arrested along with a man who was driving the vehicle. After investigation, they found his name, SK Tluanga, (35 years old). She is the son of S Thanga from Chandmari Police Station, Aizawl District, Aizawl and is currently residing at ARC Happy Valley under Madanriting Police Station, Shillong.
The meeting was accompanied by Khagen Saikia and Mangkashang Khongshei, Zonal Secretary Khasi Jaintia of the RSS. talk.
We also hope that this work will be completed within the allotted time.
Before the ceremony, a special speech was delivered by the family and the leaders of the kur who expressed their deep sorrow and could not imagine that this would happen in their family.
This is a statement sent by Bah Ksan Kupar Warjri of the All Meghalaya Karate Association.
The Welsh Mission Middle School at that time was left as it was as a Middle English School.
Conrad requested the employees to resolve the issue with the management of GVK EMRI as it affects the people.
Through this website, the public will be able to get the latest news across the state, across the country and around the world.
There is a saying, “Don't be afraid to give fish to people, because if you do this one day they will die of hunger too, but teach them how to khwai and give them a khwai rynrwiang so that they can and thou shalt be saved from death.
The suspect is believed to be 35-45 years old and belongs to an ethnic group.
“It is the best decision because the government listens to the voice of the people.
The office of the District Sports Officer, Shillong invites everyone to take part in this race.
Speaking to media, Chauba Ao said that although Shella Constituency is the highest producer of coal exported to Bangladesh, the constituency is still lagging behind in terms of coal production. all sides.
The opening ceremony is to continue the vision of Prime Minister Narendra Modi at the Golden Jubilee Celebration of the North Eastern Council on 18th November .
Other prisoners, who are in other jails, will be released soon and they will be followed up by the District Legal Services Authority.
In a statement, party spokesperson James K Sangma said that this incident has caused concern among the people and therefore, the government should provide security measures to ensure that the workers governments will be in the midst of security.
He said the loss was due to the poor performance of the officers in charge of the department to collect the revenue that the department should have received.
Shillong: About 32 households in Sankhat village under Amlarem Community and Rural Development Block, have been shocked to see that their salaries have been stolen by more than T.7,04,526 lakh by their officials. Village Employment Council (VECC) Issue.
The NPP-led government has the support of 45 members including the PDF, HSPDP, UDP, Independent and BJP. and now we will continue to work hard for the work that has already been done to reach the people of the state.
Earlier, the Under Secretary of the District Council Affairs (DCA) said that the announcement issued by the Executive Committee (EC) of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Shillong in the Gazette of Meghalaya (Extra-ordinary) ) on January 25, 2015 is unauthorized.
Moosalyngkat scored the first goal of the match on October
“At the same time, Bah Mawrie said that they have already discussed the preparations for the Lok Sabha elections and also for the MDC elections in KHADC and JHADC in
Earlier this month, at least two militants were shot dead while trying to infiltrate parts of the country.
He said that the scholarship awarded by the CSR of Tar Cement Company is to encourage the students to progress in their education and to reach higher levels.
Jin if you are still in school then you are bound to fail.
Replying to the proposal of the State President of AITC to nominate him as the party's MP candidate, George said that no decision has been taken yet.
After a while, the police at the Police Booth in Civil went to investigate the incident but the two doctors turned away from the police.
In the second half, Mawlai managed to control the ball and scored four more goals.
Shillong: Public Information Officer, Bah Disparsing Rani, has asked the Transport Department of the State Government, whether it has lost the funds to pay for the 400 vehicles taken by the Department of State Government. The Minister of Home Affairs, Union Government, visited the state.
Then the dorbar was held in the new house and the MLAs needed to wear helmets to avoid injury.
Therefore, the club invites players from all over the State to take part in this tournament.
This is the purpose and slogan of the 370-4
During the inspection in Nongpoh, the main objective was how to expedite the implementation of the demands set by the NTC, which include adequate water supply, foot over-bridge, Police Booths, Improvement of Nongpoh and others.
She said that as a family, she cannot accept that her brother will die, especially since she has no illness.
Other UDP office bearers from Siapung include President Kungliana Darnei, Vice President Thianga Nampui, General Secretary Sangpuia Nampui and Assistant Secretary Lalrama Nampui and other UDP supporters. They were welcomed by the NPP candidate and President of Sutnga Saipung Block.
He said that the party and the country as a whole are strongly opposed to the CAA and the struggle will continue until the Indian government repeals the CAA. , the Khasi Kmie, Shillong will be held on the 2nd June
The demands sent by these indigenous groups to the Prime Minister Neiphiu Rio also include the writing or amendment of several provisions of the Act which may affect Article 371 (A).
Shillong: The Congress Legislative Parliamentary (CLP) meeting held on Saturday decided to send a message to Rahul Gandhi that it is still feeling bad. he should continue as party leader.
(2) Through preparation:- True worship is not based on hasty or immediate action without preparation.
In this regard, the VHP said that no incident occurred during the rally as the rally was held in accordance with the rules and regulations in collaboration with the Superintendent of Police ( SP) where the Police were involved.
The arrested were identified as Lorence Zomuanpuia, 32, and Lalmalsawa,
Considering the demand of the Ri Bhoi Durbar, for the upgradation of Patharkhmah to a Civil Sub-Division, perhaps it will be a well-founded demand and cannot be said to be without politics. Within the Durbar, they are members of their respective parties and are also leading office bearers of the NPP, Congress, UDP and other political parties in the state.
The ownership of the data of those ortho-rectified base maps shall be jointly owned by the Panchayati Raj, the Survey of India and the Government of Meghalaya, but any decisions of difference of opinion shall be made. , shall be appointed by the Panchayat.
He said that the word “Mon-lang” doesn't have any meaning.
On the other hand, Mamata Banerjee said that all the leaders are united to fight against the BJP in the elections.
The child was abducted on January 30, at about 5:30 pm, while the child was crossing the street when Folk pulled her into a white car and took Neptune Township and when she arrived at that place, he ordered her to take off all her clothes.
In fact, attempts have been made to operate the machines that have been installed in the factory for several months but during these attempts, many defects in the installation of the machines have been found and have to be provided exactly pa exactly.
“To forgive T.45,000 crore within 45 days is impossible, but since he has promised to the people, we should also apologize to the people of the state,” said the Chachoda MLA.
Furthermore, we must not forget that Sohra and the entire area is a place that is known not only by tourists but the whole world knows its name because of the heaviest rainfall in the world. in every rainy season.
Last month, the CEM of GHADC, accompanied by the Chairman of the High Powered Committee Rakesh A Sangma, left for Delhi to meet with the Union Minister of State for Housing and Urban Affairs, Kaushal. Kishore to request a piece of land for the construction of a council building in the capital of India.
We are happy to see that the private sector has come forward to comment," the official said.
On this occasion, many singers from the state including Samla Bajop Kupar Nongbri and others also took part in the event.
The director of photography is Rockyland Laloo and the editing and colorist is handled by Sienbha Rymbai.
In the Under-15 category, Anjali Sharma and Netania T Tariang (EKH) defeated Doreenzia Kharbani and Letrimai J Marak (WKH).
Meanwhile, on reports of revival of the GNLA, Conrad said the government is still collecting information on this and has not taken stingy.
“I feel it is necessary for the government to create schemes for those who are law kyntang and law adong because these are necessary to preserve the forest,” said Bah Lahkmen. I mean that people should not wait for schemes from the government but they should understand that the protection of the environment is the duty of man".
Besides the ball bearing competition, the club will also hold a cycle competition with the assistance of the Meghalaya Cycling Association.
The Minister said that the expenditure on implementation of this decision of the Government will amount to about T.17.94 crore per annum and T.1.5 crore to spend monthly.
Now again, those who honor, honor, celebrate themselves, but few follow the principles of righteousness, because the money of sin has ruled and so on.
In the final, Diengshynrum beat Rymbai 1-0
This order was issued after the testing of all the High Risk Contacts in Nongsohma Village.
However, with the opening today of this museum for this MP who has held the post of MP since 1962 onwards.
Nongstoiñ, March 22: The time has come for the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare to upgrade the Kyrshai Sub Health Centre.
Teinwel will contest for the post of Chairman of the KHADC tomorrow from the KHADC led by Chief Executive Member (CEM) Hispreaching Son Shylla. MDC of Mawkyrwat, Bah Hadrian Lyngdoh of the People's Democratic Front (PDF).
Now I want to bring you the message of how we can be true followers of Jesus.
Shillong, Nailur 5: As part of the celebration of the 175th Anniversary of Khasi Literacy, the Khasi Authors' Society (KAS) has held a symposium on “Literacy begins with ABK” at Nabon Sawian. Memorial Secondary School, Mawmluh is one of the first schools in Ri Khasi and was founded by Rev. Thomas Jones I in
Mawkyrwat: The Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF) today closed down the office of the Mawkyrwat Electricity Consumers Forum (MECF). FEDCO Company under MeECL Mawkyrwat.
Shella will witness the contest of six candidates including Joshua Warjri of the BJP, Balajiedkupar Synrem of the UDP, Batyngshain Laitmon Ryngnga of the Congress, Mosjo Rockefeller Wanswett of the PDF. Komen Laitmon and Grace Mary Kharpuri as independent candidates.
The HSPDP leader said that Bah Shullai is trying to identify himself as a Khasi journalist by raising this issue.
In the course of time to follow the past, let us turn our minds to remember the heroes of those brave souls who gave their lives for the sake of the past. part of the country.
The FSOMA Club wishes Kisan Bareh the best of luck in his career.
At Mawphlang, he saw a part of the traditional costumes and dances with ksing music until he praised the beauty as indescribable.
The high court also ruled that Hindus and Muslims should share the land.
He also warned that even if the government does not take action to curb the illegal entry of mynder, it should not blame the civil society if they take the law into their own hands.
The book was launched today at a meeting held at the KHADC headquarters by Bah Jambor War, EM Incharge of the Elaka, who was the Chief Guest at the meeting.
New Delhi: Prime Minister Narendra Modi today dismissed his ministers and the posts he will hold are the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions; Department of Atomic Energy; Department of Space and others who have not been appointed to other ministers.
The JSU demands that the GVK's decision to cut salaries and transfer more and more employees without deadline is a violation of the rights of the employees. iuh roit employees of
Paul was responding to the statement by Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) chief Mohan Bhagawat that all citizens of India are no longer Hindus.
“On behalf of the Teachers Association of Khasi Jaintia and Garo Hills Joint Action Committee, we would like to remind you that once we came to tell the public and the press that we are ready for the The second phase has not been implemented yet and we have told our fellow teachers that we will implement this second phase if we feel necessary and we will give 24 hours to our teachers to implement it. .
and were able to catch one Night Super with plate number MN04P1451 where they even arrested a woman along with a young boy carrying about 930 gm of drugs worth Rs.4.5 crores.
The race started from Pynursla parking lot at Laitmynrieng, Langkyrdem to Wahlyngkhat.
On the other hand, the SSA leaders and members who came to represent the eight clubs did not hesitate to disclose anything to the media, admitting that what happened in this meeting was wrong. The meeting will be held today to discuss and take a final decision on the 9th.
Currently, Israeli troops have about 300,000 troops on the Gaza border and are waiting for orders to launch a ground offensive against Hamas militants.
Shillong, July 29: The Nongshken constituency will witness the contest of three candidates.
“It will be difficult for us to convince Assam now that in 2011 these villages were in dispute and now we understand that there are more than 20 villages,” he added.
We will be able to say only after we have sent the affidavit to the High Court.
He said that the VPP party will not listen to any allegations or suggestions and as it is suit la shor to fight for the good and development of the state will continue to speak. Therefore, I would like to ask the people to decide on the issues of the people in the state. So far, it has been witnessed that the people have given their full support to the work done by the party because they understand. The VPP party is the party that really fights for the cause of the people.
As directed by the higher authorities, Bah Kharbuki has suspended the construction of the road and directed the workers to start work until sufficient light is available.
He said the MSOA will now have to wait for the reports from the state associations and various committees and give them until 16th June to complete them so that the MSOA can submit them to the government.
It is up to the scholars and linguists to arrange it so that writing and speaking can be easy, especially in public places.
The Bench hopes that the KHADC will implement the same laws regarding the Guest Houses it has built at Jingkieng Kalong.
War said that the ban by the army is not the only one, but in the past, they had banned in 2012, but due to the protests of the people, they had to allow. as usual for traffic and traffic.
Aizawl: The Mizoram Assembly today approved two bills moved by the Members of the Legislative Assembly, one by a member of the opposition and the other by a member of the opposition. was brought up, by a member of the ruling party.
In the evening, the tournament was concluded with a song by Bah Wanjop Sohklet, Eddie Lyngdoh and other famous singers including the Kid's Tarari Choir Nongstoiñ and others. .
At the same time, she requested the MDA government to set up NSEIT centers and training centres, so that it will be easier for the students from this state to go there. read to Guwahati.
During the protests in Caracas, crowds took to the streets to fight against President Maduro's regime and troops on Maduro's side were seen shooting. turn with knives and tynrah to the crowds standing and gathering in the street.
“We are confident that we have the best candidate to serve the people of Jowai constituency where the people of Jowai and the state have wanted change”.
The RBYF leader urged the members of the RBYF and those who will drive the ambulance not to charge for those people who come from poor families, because as the RBYF There was a special campaign to help the poor and the office bearers of the RBYF Western Zone were directed not to take money from those poor families.
On the other hand, Mynthong scored the first goal in the 15th minute.
Rida also greeted him.
He said the BJP will go around demanding to replace him.
“I don't want to comment on the VAB after we have discussed it in the House because our wish is that the Governor should approve the VAB to empower the Rangbah Shnongs. that they work" he said.
The decision of the Division Bench of the Meghalaya High Court is against the Constitution of India and suggested that the KHADC and the Union of Village Authorities of Hynniewtrep should appeal to the Supreme Court. (SNSBH) and that the public should contribute freely for all the expenses of the work so that qualified lawyers can be appointed.
The growth of manufacturing and the excellent agriculture that the country is experiencing are signs of economic development in the country.
Parents, teachers, and rulers complain about the difficulties they face in controlling their children.
Shillong: In connection with the recent incident at Jatalong village, where there was a restriction on the entry and exit of people from the two district administrations, Ri Bhoi and West Karbi Anglong. Three Khasi youths from Sabuda village have been arrested by the Assam Police.
He is also an experienced player who has participated in tournaments such as the Indian Super League (ISL), AFC Cup Qualifiers, Durand Cup, and others.
“If the government does not invite us to the negotiating table, we are ready to fight on the highways or market places,” she said. I was happy in the letter I wrote to Kiren Rijiju.
Shylla said that the alliance between the UDP and the HSPDP was not known to any of the senior leaders of the UDP, but it was a discussion and arrangement between Ardent and Dr. Have.
Although the political parties have already prepared for the mid-term MDC elections in seven constituencies, according to information, the elections may be held shortly.
* Avoid those kinds of shana or sweet foods that are too sweet.
The Dolloi have been misled by a group of a few and have been misunderstood by the order of the Supreme Court.
The Seng raised this demand during the second peace talks held with the ksiang appointed by the Central and State Governments.
In this race, Lyntijingkyrmen finished in 11 minutes, 37.85 seconds.
Mawlai Nongkwar is a village with a view of Bishop Fall and Beadon Falls.
Replying to a question, the Minister said that any vehicle whether private or government vehicle but carrying illegal goods will not escape from the hands of the law.
Bah Monarch Shabong Dr Donkupar Roy is not only a politician or my MLA, but also a friend and teacher.
Ma Shallam said that they have had to cancel all public festivals or dances this year as well and the participants will be selected by the villages and only those who have already qualified will be able to participate.
He said that this road has been used by dozens of villages in the Ri Bhoi Mihngi area and is also a road that can connect to Assam. The leaders were affected and the people who came and went were slowly moving around and along the road was filled with snow.
Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain has tested positive for the coronavirus.
Police said they have found that the HNLC is trying to recruit children through social media. Police have urged parents and relatives to take good care of their children when they do anything. that social media.
The arrest of the suspect was made after receiving a tip from the Military Unit of Eastern Command, Ri Bhoi Police, that there was a suspect involved in the robbery. does not smuggle firearms and other crimes.
There have been some party leaders who used to be involved in strengthening the party who have come to express that the Congress has no hope and that there is an urgent need to think again,” said Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
The people and the Government of Meghalaya have never been lagging behind in the development of Meghalaya. of the Ri.
The Informed Conscious and Responsible Existence (ICARE) will hold a meeting tomorrow at Khyndai Lad followed by a song performance from 12 noon. Shillong, March 18: The State Government has expressed its deep sorrow over the 36 hour curfew called by the HNLC on 21 & 22 March It was also during the visit of the President of the country to Shillong.
Besides Miss Shillong, there is also Miss Small is Beautiful and this is an opportunity for those who are still young.
Pawan Kumar said he was too blind because there were too many election ballot papers and thus, he threw his ballot into the shape of a lotus, which was filled with the ballot paper of the Bharatiya Janata Party. (BJP), while polling in Uttar Pradesh today.
"These are the ones who have been given the Piskot Tangsnem by the Khar.
“We have prepared an affidavit to respond to all these points brought by the High Court and we hope that we can proceed in the right manner and resolve this issue as there are still many issues. and many jobs like in the police, education department which has many jobs in the state and we want this to go smoothly,” he said.
If God allows evil to exist in the world, He has the right to allow it, because there is good that comes from it, and but He did not bring it into this world. the world anyway, that's why, by allowing it to be here on earth it will be of great benefit" (Swinburne, in the edition of Snyder 1996).
The shooting death of 5 brothers and sisters in Mukhroh village recently, we are afraid that it is because of this that the government has acted against those shooters who have intentionally taken their precious lives. of (L) Mr. Che in Mawlai.
In the evening, there will be a Datlawakor between the Langdoh and the Paswet Sangot.
“For all scripture is given by inspiration of God” 2 Timothy 3:1
According to residents, the incident happened in Bastar district of Chhattisgarh on October 8 at around 7 pm, when about 30 men, led by Ando Guddi, attacked a church where about 150 worshipers were gathered to worship.
However, we see that this ADC has become just a place to spend time preparing for the MLA election,” said Bah Dkhar.
In the men's doubles, Selestin Syiem and Deepak Sewa won the first place and Shanbor Sawkmie and Justin Kharkongor became the runners-up.
On this day, there were many entertainment activities for the guests of the program which the club has prepared such as camping nights, bonfires, dances, food and also songs from various groups.
Hep replied, “That's why.
The total number of cases has risen to 3,726 with East Khasi Hills having 2,121 cases, West Khasi Hills 124, South West Khasi Hills 17, Ribhoi 502, West Jaintia Hills 147 and East Khasi Hills having 147 cases. 156 cases from Jaintia Hills, 352 cases from West Garo Hills, 137 cases from South West Garo Hills, 64 cases from South Garo Hills, 58 cases from East Garo Hills and
This was our first sexual assault.
“The Ministry has handed over the project to the NHIDCL and they are now in the process of handing over the construction in those areas that have been abandoned,” said the Symbud Myntri Rangbah.
Pastor JR Thabah, Secretary of the Committee, said that the purpose of the friendly match is also to raise funds for the construction of another Robert. The new hospital nearby and the old one called the Dr. H. Gordon Roberts Hospital Annex will be built on three floors and then the School of Nursing will be upgraded to the College of Nursing.
Shops, which sell non-essential items, will be open five days a week, except Tuesdays.
“If the Central Government cannot take up this task, the time will come to accept the resumption of CGHS,” he said.
Commenting on Bah Titos' statement that children born to Khasi mothers and Khasi fathers are no longer Khasi if they take the jait of their father, Bah Ardent said that They are Khasi by writing in English and pronouncing English.
In the second semi final, SCA beat Tura DCA by 129 runs at the same ground.
The Lama of the HYC was unveiled by Bah Arup Pasah.
He said 142 people have been charged under Section 107 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).
Speaking at the meeting, Bah Hek said that KAS is a platform for all Khasi writers to come together.
In a letter sent to the DC, KSU President and General Secretary Jiedskhem Nongsiej said that if the DC does not listen, the KSU is ready to take others. steps.
Nongstoiñ: The Union of Village Authorities of Nongtrai Sepsngi, which includes 18 villages under the Rambrai Jyrngam Constituency, today gathered the villagers of Nongstoiñ. Repair of the road from Mawkyllon to Langdongdai which has disrupted the traffic of the people due to the deterioration of the road.
He said that in the 2000s, he was hit by a petrol bomb in his car and then on another occasion, another car was hit by a bomb. journalism, which some organizations do not like.
Only 25 players in each category are allowed for the screening and must bring their original birth certificates.
Besides the laws according to the customs that have already been passed in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council, the Clan Bill has also been passed which is pending approval by the Governor.
They include almost all the talks or subjects that are happening around the world or political affairs.
The dates of the dorbar will be decided by the Business Advisory Committee (BAC).
Phrang announced in Sohiong today that on the 14th of this month there will be a meeting of the leaders of the area to discuss the date for the opening of the C&RD Block in June this year.
He said that his speech is as a responsible Symbud Myntri Rangbah and he speaks for the welfare of the residents, especially for the people living in the 12th century. There are 10 places in the middle of the border.
“I have urged the police to take all necessary measures to investigate and arrest the four immediately and bring a fair trial to Dismarlin Lyngdoh,” he said.
Evergreen Mukhla SC beat Wahiajer SC 3-2 goals in the 18th and 44th minutes. Wahiajer SC scored the first two goals in the 18th and 44th minutes.
Nongpoh: The Superintendent of Police, Ri Bhoi District, today said that the body of an unidentified man, estimated to be 50 years old, has been found. He was lying between the injuries near the Shillong By-pass road in Nongtraw village in Ri Bhoi.
Up to 93779 people have been infected in the past few years but 92168 have recovered.
It is learned that some Chinese companies and other subsidiaries have collected T.100 crore from these counterfeit companies for permission to open supermarkets. export goods from China to India.
“The District Social Welfare Officer's office also conducted a drawing competition and the prizes were distributed to all the winners. The pledge was signed by the DSWO of J.Synnah.
Nongstoiñ, Ïaiong, 21: The people living in the border areas with Assam, have faced serious problems in transportation, illness and walking especially at this time. summer due to lack of good roads to their villages.
When a person dresses well, it makes him or her beautiful, people respect such people more.
The aim of the festival is to showcase the talents of the youth in various fields such as singing, dancing, dancing, dressing up. Ri-bhoi District is no longer short of producers of songs, films and so on although there is no special school to train in these fields.
The driver of the vehicle, when questioned, alleged that the woman had cheated on him after four years of relationship with him.
Instead of listening to the demands of the people, the Assam Police opened fire on the people with 12 rounds of 9mm Pistol, 18 rounds of 303 Riffle, 18 rounds of 7.62-21 rifles and 5.66-4 rounds of rifles.
In the end, if they don't get drugs, the youth don't hesitate to do anything and they fight as hard as they can to convince others to become their supporters.
The SP of the area, Mohammed Iqbal, said three of the arrested were classmates of Rafi.
After living abroad, he decided to save money and return to Shillong to start his own business which is one of his favorite jobs.
No one can deviate from this ancient custom in any nation and once can deviate from that path which has been set to teach future generations.
The Congress party's reaction to the video, which has been circulated and appeared in many media, of Malik's speech in Dadri, Haryana, yesterday, in which he did not , that his meeting with Modi to discuss the issue of farmers ended in a fight within five minutes.
In a statement sent by the President of UHM, Bah Charlie J Rani, he said, “The UHM strongly warns the CWC against unfounded criticism. heh.
The Manipur Support Group (MSG) also demanded that the conflict in the state should end immediately for peace. saiñ cannot be used again.
“By insulting our state and our youth, the Congress party will not get anything and it is sad that they use such words against the state. and to our young men.
On this occasion, students from various schools and Village Organizations came to take part in the 'Jal Jeevan Mission Exhibition' St.Paul's Hr.Sec.School came second and St.Mary's Sec.School came second and St.Mary's Sec.School came second. and he came to the rank of the baby.
The incident occurred when Assam police attacked the camp of CRPF and Mizoram Police at Vairengte Auto-Rickshaw Stand.
The contest which is also necessary, through the decision of everyone who has the right to vote, so I appeal and urge, especially those who have the right to vote and please go Thep vote because their vote is the right to decide the future of the country.
This goal encouraged the players of the team and five minutes later they scored the second goal through Nitesh Hazra to make it 2-0
Hage Lassa Nado came first in the Open category, Dupit Tabu came second and Barbith Sangma came third.
So that the resurrection of them that sleep in the dust of the earth shall awake, some to everlasting life, and some to shame and everlasting contempt" Daniel 12:2
However, later, when the throne was established, he violated the rules by forcing the owners of the land to pay more for the produce and to send the goods to him.
RJD leader Lalu Prasad Yadav today attended a meeting of various opposition groups in Patna.
He said he did not want to give details about the suspects as the investigation to track down the others is ongoing.
The meeting was attended by UDP President Donbok Khymdeit, President Rayonald Kharkamni, General Secretary, Preti Kharpyngrope, President Women. Wing, MDC Nongpoh Constituency and other leaders and supporters of the UDP. At the meeting, the UDP Women Wings Nongpoh Circle elected Adviser, Krolity Marwein as the President. One member was elected from all the 11 Sub Circles of the Women Wings in the constituency. with other officials.
Recently, the decision to celebrate all State Independence Days at all Raj Bhawans in all states across the country shows the belief in Ek Bharat Shreshtha Bharat.
“We don't want to see the network go beyond 5 km inside the Indian border,” Goyal said.
He said that although many have been criticized, the people should know that although the MLA has been in the Opposition for four years, the development works have cost billions of rupees.
KSU Malki Circle has organized the 8BN Lyngdoh Memorial Open Football Tournament to commemorate him. This will be held on 07th November 2018 at 12 noon at Malki Square.
When I intend to resign from the post of President, I base my resignation on this letter.
HANM President Lamphrang Kharbani said that after investigating the Marba Hub Shopping Mall at Khyndai Lad, Shillong, the HANM has found that HANM has directed all the offices of the Seng to investigate before taking any action if there is any allegation against anyone.
“You will face many challenges, but if you have the will, you have the opportunity,” said Kong Joycy.
The District Integrated Strategy for HIV/AIDS (DISHA), Khliehriat together with the Mihmyntdu Community Social Welfare Association, Targeted Intervention Counselling Centre, Chankylliang Development Society, OST Centre, Khliehriat, AHANA, HIVAAN with the support of the Control Office, Meghalaya AIDS Project Director MACS, Shillong and District Legal Services Authority (DSLA) on 1st November 2013 celebrated World AIDS Day at Dkhiah East Community Hall.
Who goes to school without being well prepared and without being well dressed, so as not to be looked down upon or ridiculed by others?? While these words are widely used by the Khasi from parents, book authors, story writers and school teachers; Fathers, pastors and Bible scholars; MLAs/MDCs and health practitioners; police and other government officers and employees; kings, governors, and elders; children and infants and so on and even young children who are still old enough to receive proper training on good manners and dignity in speaking and storytelling, before they grow up to reach the rank of age of free grown up person who cannot do anything else.
Shillong, Lber 23 : The U-14 Girls Inter District T20 Tournament 2023 was played at Nongstoin on Friday.
We don't want that, and we want all this to happen according to the rules of the law.
Many loves are cold, many love only wealth and shed blood, even to kill another person.
Shillong: The KSU Bangalore, has expressed its regret that there are some companies, which come to provide training in various fields, such as hospitality, management, tailoring, embroidery, fashion and others.
Rather, it is in morality, justice, humanity, responsibility to the family, to the wife and children and to the community and society.
In this regard, u Pyrtuh urged the farmers to be vigilant when buying such meat by asking the leaders of the meat association as this affects the health. of the farmers as well as the meat market in Jowai.
In Shillong, five people have been killed in the collapse of a house.
Earlier, many MDCs and former Executive Members (EMs) had alleged that they had no knowledge of the implementation of the T.28 crore and alleged that it was implemented by the former CEM. KHADC to Mr. Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Shillong, Jymmang 25 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government on Friday summoned VPP leader Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit to the negotiating table. The deadline for requesting a review of the Reservation Policy has expired on the third day.
“Furthermore, Bah Blah said that the chargesheet against the four HNLC members will not disrupt the peace talks.
Marcus Marten said that the union does not know whether these trucks have challans or not, but the reason why the union does not oppose is because these trucks use the roads. The Weight Bridge has caused problems to the residents due to the deterioration of the road.
Shillong: The BJP in the South Shillong Mandal, today held a meeting at the RLSSCO Dorbar Hall behind Sankar Dev College, Kench's Trace Shillong.
However, the VPP should not allow and should insist that this should be discussed and a clear decision should be issued.
On the opening ceremony, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong was the Symbud Chief Guest and the Prime Minister was the Chief Guest. the Chief Secretary and the Minister of Sports.
Police and army officials including Director General of Police (DGP) Dilbag Singh, Commander of 15 Corps, Lt Gen Rajiv Ghai, who is the highest ranking soldier in Kashmir, have left for Kashmir. the Kokernag region to advise the security forces fighting the insurgents.
Shillong, Jymmang 12: The KSU Saphai Unit today met with the Director of Health Service (MI) Shillong for many months without a doctor to treat patients. She did not have the opportunity to meet him so she spoke to the Joint Director Dr. War.
If there is too much moisture and heat at the same time, the symbols of riewhadem that are reserved for the seed may lose their strength.
Nongpoh, March 19: Sharlestine Kurbah, a Rangbah of Laiphew Diengan village in Ri Bhoi district, has rescued a Slow Loris from Mawhati area after he bought it. and he gave him 1 thousand pieces of silver.
The Act was passed after receiving information that there were many coal trucks, which were illegally driven by some people, who used these roads, to escape. from the arrest of the people of the Law.
WJDSA Hon General Secretary Ma Lammat Laloo said that the opening of the player market is for all divisions from Super Division, First and Second Division.
“I strongly condemn such misleading statements,” said Bah Nongrem.
He called them 'Amrit Rakshaks' because they not only serve the country but also protect the country and its people.
We urge you to resign immediately from the MDA within three days of receiving the letter because we on behalf of HITO as an organization responsible for the future of the country and the nation have taken the The party has decided to campaign against the MDA government for not listening to the voice of the people to repeal the law,” said the party in a letter sent to the Presidents and Secretaries of the UDP, HSPDP. , BJP and PDF. “If you cannot withdraw your support, it will be something that will make us feel better as a party that you too are involved in bringing or accepting the khalai law in our state and It shows that you have no responsibility for the country and the nation but only for your own benefit and that of your party,” said the Seng.
Manipur has been in turmoil since 3rd June following ethnic clashes between the Kuki and the Meitei which have led to terrible violence.
He added that this is a common phenomenon in our society which we can find from our homes, society, community and even schools.
RESULTS OF THE NATIONAL VOTERS' DAY RUN 2020UNDER 18 YEARS MALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB NO TIMING1ST DABIT DKHAR JOWAI, WEST JAINTIA HILLS 40:04:933RD WALBESTSTAR RAMSEY SAQUANG, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 110 40:59:464TH SHAIBORLANG MAWLONG SNGIMAWLEIN, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 22:86UNDER 18 YEARS FEMALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB NO TIMING1ST LYNTINGKYRMEN K.JAHRIN SAKWANG, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 514 506 51:19:794TH LESMIMARY LYNGKHOI MARSHILLONG, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 513 53:17:555TH BAWANDA LYNGKHOI MAWKYRWAT, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 523 MALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB AT TIMING1ST KRESSTERJUNE READING, WEST KHASI HILLS 720 38:44:922ND RIBET DKHAR SABAH MUSWANG, WEST JAINTIA HILLS 1103 LS 1076 41:52:145TH MICHAEL THONGNIRIT MYRIEM, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 1054 43:07:616TH BONNYSON MYLLIEMNGAP NONGKREM, EAST KHASI HILLS IN MAWLANGWIR, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 1223 48:40:782ND DATEIBANKYNMAW MARWEIN MAWLANGWIR, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 1222 48:57:073RD PYNHUN SHULET SAPHAI, WEST JAINTIA HILLS YMPUIN RISIANG, WEST KHASI HILLS 1225 51:33 :866TH BANDASHARAI MARWEIN MAWLANGWIR, SOUTH WEST KHASI HILLS 1224 54:18:23UNIFORM SERVICES MALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB 5 NO TIMING1ST MAIKHEL SING RAMSIEJ ARC 1714 MARJ49 VALLEY HAPPY VALLEY 1403 38:03:703RD CHANDRA BOR GHARTI 58 GTC HAPPY VALLEY 1424 38:12:974TH RATNA BOR THAPA MAGAR 58 GTC HAPPY VALLEY 1405 39:12:405TH PHARMBUDHA MAGAR 58 GTC HAPPY VALLEY 139 SHARCY 140 SPPH ALLEY 1430 39:51:37UNIFORM SERVICES FEMALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB NO: TIMING1ST DAKAHI KYNDAIT RI BHOI 1807 54:01:242ND MARIWIKIRU SHYLLA JOWAI, WEST JAINTIA HILLS JOWAI, WEST JAINTIA HILLS 1802 - THIS MANDAROI 1:01:05.52 WHEEL CHAIR FEMALEPOSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB NO TIMING1ST CELINE LAWAI NONGRIMBAH, SHILLONG CHAIR POSITION NAME ADDRESS BIB NO TIMING1ST KAMAL THAPA BETHANY SOCIETY, SHILLONG The Chief Secretary, MS Rao, IAS was the chief guest in the presence of the Chief Election Officer, FR Kharkongor, IAS. , Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Bah Matsiewdor War Nongbri, IAS, Election Department Officers, DSO Daniel Dan and others. you are welcome.
As the people, don't underestimate yourself but know that you have the power, your vote to produce leaders for the state and once again don't let them produce leaders who will destroy the state. .
Speaking to media, the Rangbah Shnong of the village, Bah O Pyngrope, said that the incident happened suddenly while all the residents were sleeping. The fire has burnt down the entire house and the children of these two men were not at home because they had gone to stay at their mother's house at the time of the incident. this happened.
He said that this policy supports the influx of investors to build electricity projects and he is confident that these will be achieved in the coming years.
In this regard, the Pharmacist in-charge of the Central Medical Store Directorate (MI) has informed through a letter dated May 27, 2023 that the damaged medicines should be disposed of immediately. announcement.
However, many of those who will be more prominent in the House will be from the opposition than from the Congress.
The JSM also demanded that the JHADC should issue trading licenses and labor licenses to foreigners who do not have permits to set up shops in the area by 15th June can swim with others that rai.
The NERSDS and North East Special Infrastructure Development Scheme (NESIDS) of the Government of India have progressed.
Raju said that Ali, who is a police officer, had stolen an SLR rifle from Thapa Darengchi police station in North Garo Hills this year. Raju said that recently three rich people have been abducted from Goalpara and they are still missing. “Their relatives don't want to talk to the police and don't want to lodge a complaint about the incident,” he said.
Regarding the robbery of the people who come to check the meters, the Shnong would like to request you to ensure that those who have been appointed by the office to check the meters of the Iong Information within the office for the purpose of drafting Bills should be skilled persons and not handed over to any person who does not have knowledge in this field as it will cause confusion inside the village.
He said that these days, we see hatred, conflict and violence all around the area, but now here we see hope and understanding of each other, in which through the unity of government officials, residents and VO , Self Help Groups (SHGs) of Moosakhia Village have been able to build this house.
As a sign of gratitude to the Polling Station, the MLA also donated T.1 lakh along with a momento as a memorial for the good deeds of the Polling Station to win him.
Marshal Biam said that about 11-12 Muslims came from Nogoan village in Assam on 11th June 2020 and stayed first inside the mosque at Byrnihat. From 24th June to 2nd October 2020, they stayed at Dhobi Masjid in Jhalupara, Shillong.
Whatever came of that trip to Israel, nobody quite knows.
However, Meghalaya managed to play well and set a target of 227 before losing all wickets in 47.5 overs.
This book contains a map showing Shibidi's journey from Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Myanmar (Burma).
For example, you will see that in the past, when they first occupied a place, they put a sign and sealed it with their flag to show that they have been longtrai by themselves. such a part is more likely to have no one to take away their ownership of that land.
“Unity is strength” in a statement from Bah Mutshwa Thabah president HFU-WJH requests all the farmers to take the time to attend this meeting, so that the demands of the HFU-WJH will be met. These are the ones that will benefit the farmers in the state.
Shillong, Naitung 29: On the 1st of July, the National Green Tribunal will hold another hearing on the ban on coal mining. to sit in front of the Meghalaya High Court.
It is not surprising that recently one of the AITC leaders has posted on social media the wearing of traditional Khasi dress by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
NPP MDCs have vowed to remove the CEM from the post of Bah Titos Chyne due to the NPP's disrespect for many political issues and other issues. de activities related to the last elections.
Announcing this, JACATAM Publicity Secretary Babu Kular Khongjirem said that the rally will continue at the venue as announced after the state government has ignored the demands of the teachers and has not yet granted them. language eiei.
He said that they have had the opportunity to express their concerns to the Governor and said that once these bills have been amended they will send them back to the Governor for his stamp of approval.
“Love yourself first and respect others” is a profound and thought-provoking phrase especially for the Khasi Khara as a nation – which needs to be thought about, questioned and developed according to the needs. that the most important thing for the nation is to survive and remain in the name or reputation here on earth.
She recalled that in the Assembly they used to fight each other until the House was filled with people, because of their differences while at home they loved each other very much.
:A BSF commandant of the 200 Battalion of the Border Security Force (BSF) in Praharinagar Tura, identified as RN Mishra, has gone missing while walking into the Nokrek National Park in West Garo Hills. about five hours into the night of the first day, he was found by a rescue team.
He was arrested on 26th June on charges of obstruction of work in connection with the enforcement of liquor in Delhi.
In Group B, Ladthadlaboh will play against Rymbai Iawpynsing at 2:30pm.
However, for the past 6 years, this festival has not been held.
The Union Minister said that the Union Government has a strong desire to develop agriculture in the North Eastern States, so it is on this basis to know the problems of the farmers. Shillong: Former Prime Minister and Congress Legislative Party Leader Dr. Mukul M Sangma has visited ICAR and CAU. The President of the Congress Meghalaya Unit, Vincent H Pala, said that there has been no order within the party since the AICC appointed Vincent as the new leader of the Congress Meghalaya Unit.
He said that if the various ECs in the past, had done like this EC led by Bah Basaiawmoit, the problems in Iewduh would not have been as it is now from the pollution, the increase in garbage and others.
Not to mention other places, like Block 1, Langpih and so on.
“Let this Khasi National Dorbar be functional and not to be slow.
This is based on the assessment of the children's communication skills and language fluency.
However, the match came to an end after Pynïabiang Nongbet scored the second goal for Lawei SC who won and advanced to the semi-finals.
The EM urged all the residents of Mylliem Hima to attend the Dorbar which will be held after 18 years.
At present, the lockdown is still going on and we don't know when it will end or when the economy will be reopened and if it is reopened, how will it be? Of course we have not yet talked about the damage and loss of crops and the loss of income of farmers.
So far, no cure has been found for the virus which has spread worldwide except in 15 countries including North Korea.
Shillong: Dream Clippers (Shillong) on ​​Saturday beat Dream Clippers (Shillong) 3-1 in the first leg of the football tournament at Thohlyndit Stadium, Sohryngkham. Yan FC (Sohryng Kham).
Jharkhand Chief Minister Alamgir Alam, who was recently arrested by the Enforcement Directorate in connection with an investigation into a case of illegal acquisition of wealth, on Friday was sentenced to death. The ED has demanded that the Minister be remanded for 10 days for further investigation.
POWER.63/2021/78 dated Shillong the 1st November, 2023 to prevent vehicles carrying excessive weight as part of the protection of the bridge from further deterioration.
Ranikor constituency has 27,819 voters, 62 polling stations and many ethnic groups including Khasi, Garo, Hajong, Bengali, Mendai and Nepali. , Urang and others.
In the meeting with the reporter, the two youths who were very eager to change, they also asked whether there is anyone who can help them to get freedom, because they wanted eh and babe also what they have seen.
Speaking on the incident, the soldier said, “I fought in Kargil and I was also in Sri Lanka as a soldier of the Indian Peace Keeping Force.
The Spear Corps issued a statement on Twitter to announce their visit to the area, as they have received accurate information on the presence of these forests. in this place.
Young Mind, one of the youth NGOs in Ri-Bhoi District, has been involved in providing assistance to the poorest households in the country. The Chief Adviser of the State Government, Dr .DD Lapang, who is also known as the father of Ri-Bhoi, today the Young Mind has erected a statue of Maheh Lapang inside the Ri-Bhoi Square. College in Nongpoh.
Dr Lyngdoh said the Congress has allowed the people to judge the NPP-led government and will also allow the people to know what the government has done so far.
He said that the decision to have Seng Samla Shnongs in all the villages in the border area will bring unity and solidarity among you the youth who live in this area. border region.
Therefore, we should not believe too much the world's claims that they want to eradicate poverty.
The doctor said that many residents of the villages under Mynsoo PHC have come forward to get vaccinated.
Shillong: U Dr Mukul Sangma, Leader of the Opposition Congress Meghalaya, on Tuesday said that the people of Meghalaya have to pay about 69% of their taxes. The price of petrol and diesel in the state has increased sharply until the drivers of commercial vehicles have decided to stop trading in the state if the Government does not increase the price of petrol. vehicle oils.
“Bah JD Rymbai will be remembered for his services as Deputy Speaker, Speaker and Chief Minister of Meghalaya,” said a statement sent by the Commissioner & Secretary of the Assembly. Simon.
For the post of Vice President, there were two candidates, Bennison Franky Kamar and Cherity Suja, who won by 160 votes.
BJYM President Egenstar Kurkalang said that these government vehicles operate without paying any tax to the government which is against the Motor Vehicles Act, 1989, while they collect money from the people.
The UDP and HSPDP, which are part of the RDA, will announce their MP candidates in November.
Perhaps many of us have made a commitment to live better in
Bah Dohling said the HYC has awarded prizes to the youth who have achieved success in their studies to encourage them to work hard.
Speaking to media after the meeting, the MPCC Vice President said that with the confirmation of the new party, the Congress in Sohiong will now be able to prepare for the next few months. for the upcoming 2023 elections.
In order to do so, he had to cut down the forests to turn them into farmland. In those days, even if he cut down the forests, it was enough while man did not grow like today.
Meanwhile, Rambrai MLA KP Pangiang said that if the mining of coal is banned, many people will cultivate shyrti again and this is also a destruction of the environment.
The Chief Executive Members also expressed their gratitude to the Sohra District Demand Forum which has worked hard since 2018 to meet all the requirements according to the wishes of the State Government.
and if we look back at the intention, we see that now they intend to bring it to Nonghali.
Sailung Ialong beat Niaw Wasa 2-1 in the Super Division Football Tournament organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) on Tuesday.
At least three security personnel were killed while two others were injured in a clash with CPI (Maoist) militants in Sukma district, about 500 km north of Raipur on Saturday.
He also encouraged Mawpdang SC to continue to grow in various activities in the community, and in the promotion of football in the village as a whole.
So far, the AICC has been closely monitoring Mukul Sangma's performance in the state especially after the party lost the mid-term elections from Nongstoin. Mukul Sangma and also the defeat in the GHADC elections in Garo Hills.
MUDA today demolished two houses on Bivar Road owned by Raj Kumari Sinha and Jail Road owned by Bidur Das.
"But if there is forgiveness, there is no longer any sacrifice for sins" (Hebrews 10:18).
You have become a Dalal who distributes grants for the construction of Footpath.
Earlier, Morocco lost to Iran in Group B. In other news, Egypt also had to return home after losing 3-0 to Russia on Saturday. -1.
They were identified as Abinash Lohar, 37, of Beldapara, Tura, and Jabarul Hussain, 35, of Kakripara, Mankachar, South Salmara, Assam.
Chyne was speaking after the meeting of the Boundary Committee of KHADC, which was held today to discuss the issue of moving forward on the issue of resolving the border between Meghalaya and Meghalaya. Assam.
After receiving a tip, the troops seized an Eeco Van, number DL 04 AS 4404, driven by Jamminlian Vaipheu. brown sugar weighing 3.336 kilos and 20,000 WY tablets, worth T.7.2 crore.
DGP Nagaland, John Longkumer, IPS appreciated the Tzurangkong range people for not taking matters into their own hands and worsening the situation.
However, in this age, scientists have found that during the four seasons, there has been a change in climate change because of mankind, who is the farmer of the villages. but he destroyeth them by his works.
These CRPF are the police of the Central Government and have no right to be biased anywhere.
Today, these soldiers went down to the crematorium to check whether the water is low or not.
However, instead of stopping, the driver tried to flee with the intention of hitting the BSF personnel who were in the middle of the operation.
“During the rainy season, let us be volunteers to eradicate the volcanic eruption which affects the environment.
B.Kharsyntiew (19 & 70) scored two goals while D.Khongwet (21) and R.Suting (51) scored the third goal.
Not only the supporters but also the Ïarmangkalai are struggling to move from one political party to another.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Sohshiang said that the relatives of the girl have remained in the dark until now as they have not found the cause of the death of their daughter. reason.
"Prime Minister Narendra Modi has not sworn in one book and that is the Constitution of the country which brings equality, freedom of worship, freedom of eating but it is only the Congress that is trying to bring ethnic division," he said. said Kohli.
In the meeting, the BJP leaders discussed the election of President by the Delhi authorities in the state and said that all the 44 Mandals have proposed the name of Bah Khlur. Sing Lyngdoh to continue as leader but officials from Delhi came and announced the name of Shibun.
Satan does not want us to have this attitude in our lives to bring unity in families, in the Church, in society and in other services.
The UHM said that while the government has not been able to implement the ILP or MRSSA which are the laws to prevent the illegal entry of mynder, the railway should be suspended first.
Jagdish Chelani, IAS (RR: 2018) and former Deputy Commissioner of Williamnagar District, has been promoted to the post of Deputy Commissioner of West Garo Hills District, Tura.
Referring to the GHADC, Mawrie said that the misuse of the SAG funds allocated by the central government has been excessive and this corruption was discovered through RTI. One of these is the production of a documentary which has cost more than T 5 crore, the cost of one of the footbridges at Rongtila which has cost T 9 lakh. However, during the inspection, it was found that there was no construction of the road.
The semi final will be played today, July 1, 2023 between Lumpyrtuh Secondary School and Laishnong Higher Secondary School. of R.C Evening Secondary school.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) on Tuesday gave 15 days to the state government to remove the illegal residents from Maxwelton Estate, a 9 acre plot in Rilbong, Shillong. hi with strong steps.
The match was played at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Jowai.
Shillong, Naitung 25: U Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, MLA Mawkynrew Constituency and Minister in charge of Agriculture, on Tuesday laid the foundation stone for the construction of the The Farmers' Market in Jatah.
For this purpose, the Central Government has allocated T.8.015 crore from the SDRF for the years 2014 and 2015 and this amount was released by the Central Government in April last year.
It can also be said that the government has taken this step because it does not want to upset or offend various groups as the MLA elections are only a few months away and therefore if the wrong decision is taken there will be no end to the protest. of the people will affect them in the preparation for the elections.
After the regular doctor's visit and monthly follow-up by the Anganwadi and Lady Supervisor at home, the parents were reminded to check the health of the child. The child was sent to a doctor.
“The NPP has started serving the people since 2018 and people know the work of the MDA government under the leadership of Conrad K Sangma, it has worked and Banerjee's speech is childish. "he added.
According to the statement, the Association has met from time to time with the officials of the department including the Chief Commissioner, Ayakar Bhawan, Guwahati, Joint Commissioner of Income Tax (TDS), Shillong. speak of this thing, but there is no answer, and it doesn't go anywhere.
Most of them will continue to face the same difficulties in terms of travel and also in terms of transportation.
Speaking to reporters , many of the residents of Mawlai constituency said that the contest in 2018 will be between Process T Sawkmie MDC Mawlai from the Congress and Embhah Syiemlieh Earlier, shortly after the MLA elections, many UDP supporters had distanced themselves from their MLA and it was in the 2014 MDC elections that They showed their support by supporting the KHNAM candidate from Mawlai, Bah Process T Sawkmie who has now joined the Congress party.
Shillong: The FKJGP led by Assistant Information Secretary Reginald Thabah and Asst General Secretary Elton C Warjri together with members of the FKJGP from Mawprem and Mawlai Circle, in the presence of ANTF police, The drug operation was conducted from the evening of Tuesday until the morning of Tuesday.
“The big political parties in India don't care about the North East, therefore we have to understand and it is up to us to take care of ourselves, we don't need to rely on the big parties like the North East. Congress and BJP,” he said.
In his speech on the programme, he also spoke on the laws relating to tobacco and cigarettes and the consequences of using them. Those who drink or use tobacco, especially when they are in the same place or room.
He was later handed over to the police who arrived at the scene after the incident.
The HNLC said that the coal mine owners should be allowed for one year to think about what they should do for the sake of human relations.
For magazine-sized books (21x27cm), multi color costs 70 paise, bi-color 60 paise, single color 50 paise per page, cover pages T.6 per page.
On the other hand, from Khyndailad to Motphran, the fare for commercial vehicle drivers is T.20 instead of T.
This is the 24th ceremony of NEHU. Out of the 9,000, 128 graduates have graduated from the Ph.D.
What is interesting in this struggle is that songs, slogans, writings and poems have been used to get Meghalaya.
The counting of ballots will be held on the 11th of November.
“If we look at it from that point of view, what the BJP has done is to attack political parties and religious groups whether they are Christians or Muslims and the vote bank of the BJP is discrimination. Hindus and Muslims, Christians and non-Christians or different ethnic groups as we see in Manipur.
A Pakistani doctor living in the United States has been sentenced to 18 years in prison for involvement in the supply of weapons to ISIS. States, said the man was sentenced to 216 months in prison, equivalent to an 18-year term, for his involvement in working with and providing support to ISIS during past.
Conrad said that Dr. Ao's statement shows that he has a personal relationship with anyone.
“It is now up to the state government to decide whether to extend the appointment period of those who have passed the Gram Sevek examination.
According to police sources, the student is from Wahsiej village, about 7 km from Mawkyrwat and is studying in Class X at Mawten Secondary School.
Dorothy Roy Tariang was awarded the Gold Medal at the 12th Convocation of Assam Don Bosco University held on Saturday at Tapesia Campus in Guwahati.
According to these leaders, the Movement for Change (MFC) has received complaints from the people and even from the candidates that the Waheh Chnongs are violating their rights.
By doing so, such people have been “Khasialized” in society.
We understand that private schools and others with limited access to government funding have to make ends meet by charging students tuition fees.
The closing ceremony was also attended by Franky Nongrum President RBBA, Anand Swet Secretary, Alberto Nongsiej President RBYF Nongpoh Circle and other dignitaries.
From Nongkynrih GS Circle, the villages are Madanlyngdoh, Football Ground, Jalynteng, Mawkynring and Ummluh.
SHILLONG: The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the KHNAM on Monday announced two MDC candidates for the MDC elections in the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC).
However, one of the countries that poses a threat to Taiwan is China.
Moonlight Pariat said that the UDP is a national party and it is a party that looks after the welfare of the people and not to protect other ethnic groups who come to settle in the state.
The Government today passed the Meghalaya Local Administration Ordinance, 2015 without the advice of the Ministry of Home Affairs.
It is a species of animal that also helps to fertilize the soil.
Speaking at the rally, the President of WPM, Angelina Mary Hynniewta said, “We have faced many challenges and we are looking for solutions and through the help of TUR we have got our rights. from the time of work as well as the right to payment including provident fund.
The High Court has said that it will not allow these bodies to be kept by those who have no one else to work for them.
Khliehriat, November 1: The Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) Bataw Unit under the FKJ GP-Khliehriat Circle through the Education Cell has decided to set up an Educational Training Center in Bataw Village.
RC Evening beat Maharashtra 4-0 and beat Gujarat 13 goals.
New Delhi: The number of bank thefts in 2018-19 has reached 6,800 and worth ₹71,500 crore, the Reserve Bank of India said in a statement.
However, the JHTOA expresses its gratitude to the state government for issuing an order on the 18th of this month, which has allowed the coal trucks to transport the coal which they have already loaded into the trucks. of them, together with appropriate documentation.
Shillong: Ka KHNAM has written to the Chief Secretary, Government of Meghalaya, to complain about the exploitation of foreign companies in the tourism industry in the State.
Both the teams drew 1-1 at the end of the first half.
He said that this will also include the establishment of Provisional Town Vending Committees including the election of members of these committees.
According to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, one new case has been confirmed today while six cases have recovered.
The title “Dhaka Escape” is because the actor had to rescue young women from North East India who have been human trafficked to Bangladesh.
Speaking on the formation of a synrop government in the state, Bah Ardent said, “We will look into these groups that need our support and we have also prepared some rules to put forward. of any organization wishing to cooperate with the VPP".
However, on the occasion of the 183rd death anniversary of Tirot Singh, the Hima Nongkhlaw has once again lodged a petition with the government through the Minister of State for Home Affairs. Bah AL Hek for the need to build this 10-story statue.
The HITO has already sent a petition to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, to clarify the implementation of the PMJVK scheme in West Garo Hills District.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit also highlighted the three great achievements of Hopingstone that the state and the nation should continue to proclaim, namely (I) The Hill State Struggle (1970-1972) (II) ) The Opposition to Uranium (1992) (III) The Demand for Khasi and Garo State (2006) under Article 371 of the Constitution of India written in a letter to the Prime Minister of India Dr. Manmohan Singh .
England beat Tunisia 2-1 in Group G. The BJP has withdrawn from the state government in Jammu and Kashmir, led by the BJP. Jammu and Kashmir Governor NN Vohra has urged the Indian government not to establish a presidential rule in the state.
Shillong, Nailur 11 : The Meghalaya College Teachers' Association (MTU) on Monday decided to continue the strike after a meeting with the Vice Chancellor of NEHU, u Prof P Shankar Shukla did not attend the meeting.
This is because the implementation of the Uniform Civil Code is in stark contrast to the Directive Principles of State Policy of the Constitution of India which protects the rights of indigenous peoples and minorities. “Existing laws such as the laws on inheritance, marriage, religion, The language, customs and traditions, the ownership of land, the mother's race will be abolished because the father's race has been included in the Uniform Civil Code.
The union has written to the CEM and DC to set up a Border Police Post in Umlawang village in Mawhati constituency by October 30, 2016 without delay.
We can't do anything.
The APB Fight Night will be held at Mopin Solung Ground, Itanagar on the 18th November, 2023 at 3 pm.
When asked what he would do if the Governor announces elections, especially since the ruling Congress has invited applications for the elections, Pynshngaiñ said, “Who sent the applications? “If the MDCs resign, even if elections are held, we will not allow the government to affect the allocation of funds of the District Council because we are also in our own responsibility to spend the money that comes from the government,” he said. fine.
He said that the lower courts in the country have been waiting for the hearing of the Supreme Court on this issue.
To further confirm, the Government of Assam has issued another Notification No.TAD/R/31//50/149 which has merged Block I and Block II into the Mikir Hills District. Mikir Hills District has been announced in accordance with Government Notification No. TAD/R/31/50/151 dated
Soybeans are the seeds of Asian rice and African rice.
Shillong, November 2: The Lyngdoh of Nongstoin Hima, Bah Macmillian Byrsat, on Tuesday said that according to the statistics of India, if we count the population of the Khasi people, there are still more wild elephants.
He said that there are some people who have to follow the rules to reduce the fire, in some parts or during the day.
He said that Dr Mukul's decision to contest from Songsak and Tikrikilla will affect him badly because the people have felt like they have been betrayed and want to ask him about the change of constituency from Ampati to Songsak. to Tikrikilla and which constituency he will leave if he wins from all four constituencies.
What does this State Government think about us Hynniewtrep? Are not our people qualified to hold these various positions in government? Have these things been done to destroy our flesh and blood?
It is also recommended that those mobile numbers, which have Aadhar linked to Aadhar, should not be activated immediately, but if the Aadhar number does not work, then they have to go to the Aadhar office to get it. information.
Because Jesus himself had to pray to his heavenly Father.
This will open the eyes of those who do not believe, especially the Israelites (Jews).
Many of us when the New Year comes we don't expect only wealth to be well, we also expect health but many of us don't expect to live a new life. For example, if you are a drinker instead of expecting to lose or give up, then when that day comes, you will not be able to drink anymore because you have lost your temper.
Prestone Tynsong said that those who eat pork should cook it for 25 to 30 minutes.
When asked whether the rong ka raw will be held again in Mawphlang, Bah Dkhar said the EC has not taken any decision on this.
But every man shall receive the things done in his body, according to that he hath done, whether it be good or bad. 2 Corinthians 5:1
The chiefs of the Indian and Chinese border troops had to meet immediately to discuss and after that, the troops would leave the area.
Shillong, Jymmang 2: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has vowed to take action against the HNLC over the land dispute in Briwar and Samasi villages in East Jaintia Hills. Former members of the HNLC were allegedly involved in the incident.
In this regard, Prestone said that there is nothing wrong with people expressing their feelings on the issue.
The lockdown on the house of Bah B Marbaniang, Riat Laban, Madan Laban has been lifted since yesterday.
In a statement sent by K Pohlong Waheh Shnong Amlarem, the Dorbar Shnong Amlarem has also banned foreigners from entering houses after 7:00 PM. Those who violate the rules and regulations of the Dorbar Shnong shall be punished with a fine of Rs.5000/-.
Everest Rynjah and Aldrin Ramsiej created golden opportunities for the team and at the end of the match, they shared 10 points.
The MVSA strongly condemns the brutality of the BSF personnel, including Rajender Kumar and another soldier against the member of the MVSA Dr. Seiboklang Buam who is an officer of the AH & Veterinary Department. The meeting was held on the 11th of this month at Lakroh Shiv Mandir, Hawai Tilla.
The MUSO also informed that the next audition across the state will be held on the 4th November at Nongpoh, Sajer Hall, Ri-Bhoi district. The competition will end on November 29, 2018 in Shillong.
In the Nongtrai language, for example: did you go to Shano? = isn't Chinu from me?.
They also urged anyone who has seen him to inform by calling No.96152-98854, or calling the Rangbah Shnong No.
He said that the KHADC has set up garbage trucks for 20 villages and said that the Hima Mylliem will cooperate in the implementation of the Garbage Collection and Treatment Act.
Kenneth Shadap said that on 27th November 2021, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya called for a meeting with these Adhoc teachers and promised before the Director and Deputy Director that the deficit system cannot be solved. The Adhoc teachers have demanded that the deficit pattern should be given to them and the Prime Minister has agreed to it but since that day the work has stopped. such as talking to children.
The new construction of the bridge is still under the design of the PWD and after approval, the construction of the new bridge will start.
Therefore, if we look closely at this, about 80 or 90 percent of the candidates who are contesting will say that they don't have money but they want to come out and run because they want to win with the love of the people.
Pamela Anderson has recently been engaged to Jon Peters, but the engagement lasted only 12 days and is the shortest engagement in the history of Hollywood stars.
These protests will continue if the government does not implement the VAB immediately.
He said the Government of India wants to have an agreement with the group that supports the ULFA peace talks. of Assam,” he added.
He said that at the meeting, the Prime Minister Dr Mukul Sangma had tried to force the party to accept the railway line but the party had made it clear that it would not. It was after she insisted that Dr Mukul decided to suspend the railway line until the measures could be implemented.
This is due to the failure of the Commissioner of Transport to implement the terms of the contract for the installation of Integrated Check Gates-cum-Weighbridges and the lack of oversight regarding their operation. Weighbridge.
On the other hand, the Chief Minister of the area praised the Society and the villagers for their unity to develop the village.
Speaking on the life of Kiang Nangbah, Bah M Belbin Kyndiah said that the time and season when Kiang Nangbah was sent was shaped by the gods and the appointment of him as a leader of the war. It is not the will of man but the law of God with many witnesses.
After this, there will be a 'Pyni Riti' march from Ïewrynghep Square to Weiking Jaïaw Stadium at 10 pm.
Shillong: A book on the history of the Sangriang Kur, written by Retd BDO and published by his wife, Kong Eulescy Lyngdoh Sangriang, has been released on 8th June
Those who attended the function included Bah Mayraldborn Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, Bah Balajied Ranee, MDC Nongpoh, government officials, Raid leaders, Rangbah Shnong, NEFA office bearers and the people of the villages under the Raid of Nongtluh.
Lakhs of people are affected every year.
At this meeting, the Minister said that the purpose of the meeting was to discuss the Government of India's efforts to include the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Khyrnit Baphra and to discuss the ways and means. The Government will promote these two languages ​​in the State especially among the youth.
The meeting was convened by the Minister to seek the opinion of the officers regarding the implementation of schemes of the State Government or Central Government to develop the farmers in Ri Lum Garo and to find ways and means to improve the income of farmers.
More than 230 pigs have died from the disease since July
Other sports that participated in the Meghalaya Games last year include archery, athletics, badminton, basketball, boxing, cycling, football, gymnastics, judo, karate, shooting, swimming. , table tennis, lawn tennis, weightlifting, wrestling and wushu.
These are that world – desires.
According to the Rangbah Shnong of Mawroh, Bah HBR Lyngdoh, the incident happened on Tuesday morning, 10th June 2024, at about 10 am, when seven persons were killed. mystery, three Khasi and three non-Khasi, who built the new house.
However, the only thing that the residents of the area want is that those who come to buy land and farm in the area, should come and live and take care of the village activities. , especially so that the Khasi people living in this area will be more encouraged.
In this regard, Bajrang has submitted his request to the Cabinet for a 16-day training course in Cholpon-Ata, Kyrgyzstan.
At the same time, she encouraged the students to be diligent in their studies, to have responsibility for fulfilling their duties and to maintain good manners.
Shullai also spoke on the speedy implementation of the building bye laws and also requested financial assistance for the construction of the water tank in Jhalupara, the upgradation of Goenka Hospital and the Shillong Cantonment School. The Shillong Cantonment Board has sent a letter to the Shillong Cantonment Board.
In the semi final, SCA 'A' beat SCA 'B' by 27 runs by DLS Method.
These include 128 employees working in SMBs and 56 employees working in various departments of the State.
Through this partnership, they were able to start a business to provide assistance to women by creating a shlem to help women farmers spread the word about their good practices that will increase the production of farmers.
In his speech, Conrad gave an example by mentioning the Israeli children who used to visit ancient sites to understand the problems that the Jewish people went through in the past.
The newly elected leaders of the party were confirmed by the President of the HSPDP Central Body, Bah KP Pangniang at a function held at the Nativity Hall, Mawkyrwat. Hills District in the presence of thousands of party supporters.
At the same time, he said it is true that the BJP is creating opportunities to overthrow the Congress government in the state.
Shillong: The PDA in KHADC has filed a complaint in the High Court against the election of CEM in KHADC which was held yesterday.
He hoped that the leaders would turn their attention to the villagers to improve this dilapidated road.
Pretty Pyngrope, President of the UDP Women Wing, said that the term of office of Bah Metbah Lyngdoh should have expired last year, but due to the arrival of the President of the UDP Women Wing, MLA elections in June, 2023 have been allowed to continue.
It is possible to build such houses with the help of electricity.
Khyriem said the KSU welcomes Kharmawphlang if he still wants to return to the party.
That's why you can see that once you've been drunk or you don't have a shit head, you've got a shot at a drunk person or you don't have a shit head and you've got a shit head. I have come to the point of bloodshed or death.
Guwahati: Doctors suspect that there are many pigs infected with African Swine Fever, Assam Agriculture Minister Atul Bora today said.
The attack by the party on the residences or workplaces of the Police is not new.
He also urged those who received the assistance not to misuse it, but to use it for their daily needs, not to give it to any family members to sell these items, because if They have sinned, for those who give in the spirit of the wicked shall not live.
The white, which can be stem, appears before the moon.
The striker has also spent two seasons at Paris Saint-Germain, taking part in Saturday's final.
Planning means to plan and identify to the government the most important issues that it should take into consideration and spend more money for the development of the state.
Shillong: There have been 155 new cases of COVID-19 in the state today and 116 recoveries have been made today.
Ennocent Mylliem scored the first goal of the match.
Commenting on the insecurity of women in Meghalaya, Shira said she will start holding meetings with the District Women's Congress Committees and Block-level Women's Committees.
Shillong: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today said that the price increase depends on the market.
Charles said the NPP party will not be able to win the elections now, because it has not been able to do what it has promised and this will make it difficult for the party to win. Your seat is your Constituency.
The meeting was conducted by Bah C Nongbri and welcome speech was delivered by Bah GGB Bung Snaitang, President UDP South West Khasi Hills District.
Umshangïar and Moodymmai won the Open T20 Cricket Tournament organized by the All Jaintia Cricket Association (ACC) on Tuesday.
Jowai, July 14: The Administrative Officer of Satpator District Council today announced the appointment of a new Daloi.
We have received information that there has been a registration of foreigners to come to the District but the union has said that it will not allow this attempt in the area and we will not allow them to enter the District or Mawsynram. Block.
The Act introduced by Bahdeng HS Shylla CEM in KHADC in 2018, to regulate the Khasi census and to prevent others from stealing jait for profit, has now passed well, after being amended. clean up and fill in the gaps here and there.
This means that God is a spirit, and man is a spirit.
Because it is the word of God.
As of Sunday, the death toll has risen to 160, according to the report.
The training was attended by RS Manner, CEO of Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) as the chief guest, Waheh Shnong Caroline Colony Dorbar Shnong Ma AT Gatphoh and other members of the village.
He said that the trees have been sold at half price to the farmers and there are also schemes launched by the central and state governments.
All 60 MLAs have come to ask for my assistance as Sports Minister for the stadiums and other needs".
On July 17, Paul Biswal Makri, a KSU volunteer, was shot in the head in Motphran area and died on the spot.
Until now, we have never heard of a single case in which the Lok Ayukta has decided against the government.
The meeting between the Karbi and Pnars was held on Tuesday at the Assam BOP in Khanduli, West Jaintia Hills District.
Shillong, Nailur 26 : The Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, Bah DP Wahlang IAS, today appointed three Regional Committees to start inspecting and resolving the border issue. and Assam in the Second Wat and the report of the demarcation work should be completed and submitted to the Government within 45 days from today.
Nilay Sankar, Razedul Ali and Revel Born Star Snaitang in the 65 kg category; Deepankar Mech, Jackson Lyngdoh and Alexion Roy Mylliem Umlong in the 75 Kg category; Tridip Medhi, Alan S Marbaniang & Kishore Chettri from 85 Kg; Bakham Maian Khongwir, Banbatjuban Khingwir and Ishan Kashyap won the category 85+ Kg.
“Today we have also elected the members of the Nomination Committee, who will be in charge of the election of the new office bearers of the UDP across Meghalaya,” he added.
Supporters of the VPP are invited to attend the rally.
People who know your nature say that you are, "A rebellious man, who doesn't change, who will be destroyed by his own thoughts"
They say that our Khasi people are one of the people of India who are quick to forget their own.
The dive boat in which the five were traveling surfaced on Sunday morning.
On 2nd June 2022, Flybig has expanded its services to Shillong, Flybig has expanded its services to nine cities in the North East, four in Assam, two in Assam. in Arunachal Pradesh, one in Tripura and the fifth in Shillong.
What if Assam also creates and implements the same policy? If so, what if all the tourist vehicles of Meghalaya, coming from Shillong and intending to enter the country? Assam, through Jorabad junction, will have to stop only inside Khanapara from where passengers will have to get on and continue their journey exactly by tourist vehicles of Assam? For example, to take a train from the Maligoan/Guwhati station or to take a plane from the GBI Airport in Borjhar, we have to get off at Khanapara and then we have to take a car. 'Tourist' of Assam? How many tourists want to visit Kaziranga National Park, Manas National Park, Nambor Wildlife Sanctuary or even Chandubi Lake or Deepor Bheel Bird? Sanctuary at Assam State Zoo cum Botanical Garden, Guwahati ? Do you feel comfortable, happy and pleasant to have to travel with someone who differs from us in culture and not only in language? What if Assam, which is a transit state, is like a transit state? Does Meghalaya implement the ILP? What if we just go fishing in Sonapur and Morigoan but we have to apply for ILP first, even for 10 days? What if even the owners of the fish farms are not allowed to fish if we don't have the ILP ? It doesn't lead to anything wrong, for all of us, when those who are not elected and who are not forced by the people to fight are too many.
"Nongthoh Bah S.K.N.Lynnong- 1"In the Synrai next year I will be promoted," said Daplin to Lanosha who was a close friend. "How many years have you been with Kongthei?" I'm 25 years old..." Daplin said. "I don't know why..." Lanosha replied. "That depends on your own understanding..." Daplin said. language while bathing in a stream near their village.
The containment area is located at the house of (L) Arwot Lamare at Ladthadlaboh village, Jowai.
The land port of Bangladesh is located in Tamabil, Sylhet District.
Speaking at the meeting, UDP President Metbah Lyngdoh said that the people have not yet seen the rngat in humanity if they remember the party leader Maheh HDR. Lyngdoh, because he has become more knowledgeable as a leader and leader from Sohiong constituency for many decades.
They have started threatening the Enforcement Directors of Anti Corruption to join BJP. If Shah is baptized in the RSS, he will be baptized in the RSS.
For the idea of ​​the Recruitment Year, I request readers to refer to DoPT Brochure on Reservation for Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes, Chapter 11, “Carrying forward of Reservations,” para
“The Government has the right and authority to regulate and should inform if there is any cut or fraud.
Assam says some members of Ansarul Islam have entered its border and started recruiting youth.
The main purpose of the festival is to promote tourism in the area and also to raise awareness among the public on the importance of preserving the environment, birds and animals. mreng and fish.
The Supreme Court has given Chief Minister UBS Yeddyurappa until 4 pm on Saturday to present the number of candidates in the State Legislative Assembly. 11pm, according to the wishes and suggestions of its supervisors.
If the Congress party suddenly comes together to form a government, it is not understood that it is necessary to synrop with other parties.
The clear message to the State Government and the Central Government is that they should speak clearly, Yes or No on the ILP so that the people of the state can understand how to proceed,” said Lambokstarwell Marngar.
On the same day, a party meeting was held to form the UDP Saipung Circle.
He also strongly criticized the AITC for spreading false news against the BJP by claiming that it is a party that discriminates against the minorities.
Shillong: A truck carrying cylinder gas cylinders driven by Bhupen Boro of Boko Assam collided with a truck at 7:30 pm on Monday.
“At the same time, he said the government should also find out the root cause of traffic jam in Shillong and not just say that taxis are the cause of traffic jam especially when there are many vehicles. and they that walked in the city.
If you are in Tamil Nadu, you are wearing a lungi, what do you mean? What is the benefit of these things, O country? If you are in Punjab, you will wear a jacket.
We are not as clean as they are, but we fight in foreign tournaments like brave soldiers.
The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills District, Kong Matsiewdor War, hoisted the flag as a sign of the start of the race.
The child was found by family members and residents with serious injuries that left her unconscious. She was taken to a hospital and is now in the ICU. hospital in Shillong.
Bah Wahlang is the guardian of Amita.
Putin married Lyudmila Putina in 1983 and they divorced in
Therefore, 99% of these works have gone smoothly but there are some works that need to be discussed,” he added.
Among these leaders who joined the party were prominent leaders including Bah F.Khymdeit, Bah K.Suting, Bah Anthony Kharnaior, Bah Kolin Klein, Bah Celestine Syngkli and others. and others.
The incident happened on the 20th of this month and a complaint was lodged on the 23rd of this month.
Expressing his hope that the HNLC will have the best part of the peace talks, at the same time, Bah Nongtraw said that it is not yet clear how far the talks will go. The Mizo Peace Accord 198 has been the only successful peace talk so far.
Opening of party offices 200 meters from polling stations, holding meetings or marches, carrying weapons, carrying out any intimidation of voters or the public, gathering of more than 100 people, is not allowed. This order shall come into force immediately throughout the District from 4 pm on 25th June, 2023 until the end of the Election.
Shillong, March 22: The ANVC(B) on Tuesday celebrated the anniversary of the formation of the ANVC(B) at Eden Bari camp in Tura.
Scotland scored 277 runs for the loss of nine wickets in 50 overs.
Regarding the title of Nongiaig Shnong, which has been recognized by the Hima to other ethnic groups living within the border of the Hima Mylliem, he suggested that it should be appointed by the Hima. Chairman of the sub committee of those different ethnic groups who have submitted a written proposal to the council in this regard.
When the government has taught students to write exams online, they want to write online mobile data. Online classes should be held online from class to exam room. MBOSE also sends people to take exams with children, young people, what else can be done?
kōmno-re-kumno: you can't speak the truth.
In a statement sent by the Chief Spokesperson of the BJP Meghalaya Pradesh, Mariahom Kharkrang, Hek said that the selection of the award has given him great joy and strength. He urged him to work hard for the good of the state and the country as a whole.
The Meghalaya State Karate Do Association (MSKDF) has left for the 5th National Open Zendokai Karate Championship organized by the All India Zendokai Karate Federation (AIZKDF).
It is to be recalled that the woman was attacked at 1 pm yesterday, while the woman and the members of the committee were about to leave. The Dhaba in Khanapara, which is located in Khanapara, is also suspected to have been used by the owner of the Dhaba as an Awria camp.
On 2nd November 2021, about 500 Khasi, Jaintia and Garo people took to the streets to protest against the insult, where they met with the Deputy Commissioner, Moulvibazar. He also suggested to the state government, if they feel, to take the MLAs to Bangladesh, to meet and encourage the Khasi, who are in the country. .
The state government, on the other hand, has deployed security forces around the area especially in Shillong where the celebration of this day was held at Polo Ground.
Besides, it also announced the creation of two administrative units, Ranikor in South West Khasi Hills and Rongjeng in East Garo Hills.
He said that it is necessary to focus on the positive and conclude by saying, “Of course we learn from the wrong things, we need to improve on such incidents so that they do not happen more after habud.
Thieves and insurgents operating in the state especially in Garo Hills use SIM cards with fake names from Dimapur, Agartala, Imphal and Assam.
Slamming the 36 Khasi and Jaintia leaders as weak because they are being led and believed while the 24 Garo leaders are sent, he said that the political leaders are not the true leaders.
Jesus is the preparer of this new Jerusalem, he is about to come to this earth.
Shillong, Jymmang 30 : On Saturday, 28.05.2022, the National People's Party (NPP) 3 Raliang Block came to confirm the party unit at Kyndongtuber village in the presence of President Ma Ngaitlang Suchiang and Secretary Ma H. Iakai. , MLA Comming One Ymbon, NPP members from Raliang Block and elders from Kyndongtuber village.
The above activities and services should strictly follow the SOPs such as wearing 2 masks, keeping a distance of 6 feet or 2 meters and washing hands regularly, reducing the number of field staff and other directives of the Government through the Department of Health and Family Welfare without violation.
After the meeting, HPC Secretary Gurjit Singh said that the state government has rejected the eighth point of their discussion.
Once a candidate is nominated, any party has a goal to win but it will have to work hard.
Speaking to reporters after the Dorbar Pyllun, the Lyngdoh of Raid Nongkharai, Bah Moses Syngkli, said that the Raid since he led as Lyngdoh has been holding this festival every year. The purpose of the Dorbar Pyllun is to discuss the rule of law and the welfare of the children of the thousands within this Raid.
There are 19326 samples tested negative, 19028 negative, 42 recoveries, one death and 246 awaiting results. .
They also demanded that the Indian government should talk to the governments of Bangladesh, Afghanistan and Pakistan to enact laws to protect the minorities, said a statement from Nobokishore, Convenor.
“If we get the Fire Service, it will be a blessing to the people not only of Laban but also of Lawsoh, Lumparing and other neighboring areas,” she said.
The meeting was held to share knowledge gained from the conduct of elections in the states in 2021 and 2022, where there were also discussions on the preparation for the elections, the monitoring of expenditure, the electoral roll, IT applications, information management, EVM/VVPAT, SVEEP strategy, information systems and others.
Shillong, November 20: The Khasi-Jaintia Butchers' Welfare Association (KJBWA) has revived the old cow market in Byrnihat after it stopped buying cows from Khanapara due to the Mylliem Hima and KHADC. They were forbidden to listen to the cows that came to the market.
The Union Government has launched the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana scheme at a cost of Rs 17,600 crore to provide financial assistance to farmers affected by the floods. environment.
“Meghalaya is a state blessed with a beautiful climate, fertile soil for agriculture and beautiful valleys that bring many opportunities to farmers. and those working in the tourism sector to increase income and employment, so the tourism sector will continue to organize such festivals so that tourists can Enjoy the beauty and taste of food and drink, various fruits produced in this state,” said Vijay Kumar.
Sanbor graduated from PUC, 1st Year in
Similarly, the semi final against Mawlai in Shillong saw the turnout of Khliehmawlieh fans which was much higher than the Mawlai fans who played in their own village.
From now on you will see that this election is very strong and perhaps this election will be one of the different elections because even the candidate does not trust his own leaders especially if he sees anything. that they went and met with other leaders from other parties.
In urban areas, it was observed that the residents can get trucks and vehicles to dump their garbage to the designated garbage dump, but in the rural areas, the residents just dump their garbage. Even the toilets have been dumped into the rivers and streams.
There are 12 border areas between Meghalaya and Assam including Blocks I and II, Upper Tarabari, Gizang Reserve Forest, Hahim, Langpih, Borduar, Boklapara, Nongwah-Matamur, Khanduli-Psiar. or Ratacherra.
In the last four or five decades, the government has not paid any attention to the border issues and has implemented the same schemes as elsewhere.
According to the elders, the incident happened at about 12:00 pm and fortunately no casualties were reported.
Sangma said the government is still implementing several projects in collaboration with agencies like the World Bank, Asian Development Bank, Japan International Cooperation Agency, New Development Bank and International. Fund for Agriculture Development.
Before the awarding ceremony, a short meeting was held by the Principal of Northeast Adventist University, Leningrad Tariang. The top of the list has been taken by the Khasi Jaidbynriew. How proud we are of our own Jaidbynriew that for many years this title has been awarded to non-Khasi Jaidbynriew, but as the days go by we see that the Jaidbynriew, began to grow in education.
And after this will come the reign of the Lord Jesus for 1000 years and forever.
Shillong, June 21: The Lyngdoh Shad Ka Raid Wahken which was held on the 19th June 2014 and in the past few years has turned into a shad only for a few groups. local community engagement.
The total number of cases so far has risen to 452 with 379 cases in East Khasi Hills, 42 cases in Ri Bhoi, 05 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 15 cases in West Garo Hills and 15 cases in West Garo Hills. West Garo Hills 4, South Garo Hills 2, East Garo Hills 1, North Garo hills 1.
“I have never experienced an EC like this which works really well and which is like an empowerment for us the Hima,” said Paiem Latho.
Two persons on motorcycles were involved in the incident, which started at 11 pm and continued until 1 am.
Inside the Mukhaïalong tourist spot, there is a forest called Khoo Blai. There are also two stones known as Mooshutia. About 700 meters from this view point is the Chahtngit Valley and around this valley there is a beautiful rock formation. .
The price of these products is 28 to 30 tyngka per kilo.
They said that the presence of this office in the village will be a blessing to the people especially to the Rangbah Shnong who will come to the office of the Block Development Officer because the place will be vacant for parking. Water and other necessities will be provided at the new site where the Block will be built.
Regarding the problem at the school, the Principal of the school, Brother Shyju PJ, said that the floods have affected the well-being of the school. They faced the same problem as soon as the rainy season came and when it rained, the floods came which destroyed the school and all the belongings inside the school and even the place of worship and their house.
It was after this that the conflict was resolved.
We have helped employees to get insurance schemes.
Police have registered a case under section 143/144/145/148/152 IPC at Lumshnong Police Station. the investigation is ongoing.
Regarding the presence of such people, HANM, Ri Bhoi, has urged the District authorities of Ri Bhoi and especially the Police in Umsiang, to arrest and punish them. punish such people, because they do this without permission.
It is not easy because anything that is precious is suffering and many problems.
After that, the doctor who treated the man said that he would have to hand over the case to a doctor specialist to take the necessary action.
The Association demands that the Christmas celebration should not be held.
• These Sengbhalang only issue issues to get guidance for five years, and there are still too many allegations that we the people have made against our Sengbhalang.
The speakers on this occasion recalled the great works that Rev.JJM Nichols Roy has done for the Khasi people and the minorities in India. RL Roy, T. Youthborne Ex-Headman, Tobias Tiewdopt Secretary Dorbar Shnong Shella, Bah Komen Laitmon Acting Wahadadar, Bah Banrilang Kharbamon Superintendent KHADC, Bah H. Syiem Deputy Secretary Executive Committee KHADC. Dr.S.Kharsyiemlieh in his speech on the topic “The Life and Work of Rev JJM Nichols Roy” recalled how God has chosen Bah Joy to be a protector. He said that the great deeds of this great man have been a blessing not only to the small nation but also to other small nations in the North East.
Out of the total 3,419 Polling Stations, 120 are run by women, 60 are Model Polling Stations and 60 are Polling Stations for Persons with Disabilities.
The Woodland Institute of Nursing (WIN) under the auspices of the Woodland Hospital, on 25th June, held its first Convocation of Nurses who have completed the course for the year 2020-2021, at Laitkor. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh was the chief guest in the presence of NEHU Professor N.K. Managing Director Dr. W Kharshiing, Assistant Director Dr M Marbaniang and others were also present as the chief guests.
Regarding the suspension of the Sengbhalang groups, the DM&HO said that it will suspend first and will send a notice to the higher authorities.
A bench of Justice Mangesh S Patil and Justice Shailesh P Brahme in its hearing on the appeal of the two leaders said the court had no doubt about the witnesses to prove the involvement of these two men in this crime.
Furthermore, it was decided that the villages near Khanduli should stop trading with the Karbis.
Lawyerson War, President of the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Central Body in a statement, said that as we have seen in the media, the union believes that this division is only responsible for Laskein Block. Because it only looks after the areas under Laskein Block, it will have to relocate the office and the subdivision of this department is already in Shangpung.
Shillong: The Rangbah Shnongs of Shillong have urged the Central Government to expedite the amendment of the Sixth Scheduled of the Constitution and at the same time, they strongly oppose the Citizenship Amendment Bill
On Saturday and Sunday, which are the days of total lockdown, vehicles have been warned not to leave the roads and all have been urged to follow the guidelines. people health and state government.
No one dared to touch them.
“What prompted the chairman to speak out, we have documents to prove this,” said the CEM. the house or the building".
In a statement, the Customs Department said that after receiving a tip that there will be a smuggling of gold from the India-Bangladesh border in Meghalaya to Guwahati, the A Mahindra XUV500 has been stopped by a Mahindra XUV500 at Jhalupara, Shillong on Saturday morning.
We have sent a letter to the government to request information on the measures that the government will take for the residents of Ribhoi Mihngi who may be affected if the damsite collapses, because only to release water. Umtngam, Tyrso and surrounding villages have been affected by the floods, but if you go to the government for assistance for the damage caused by the release of the dam, the people say that they will get assistance quickly. 1500 to 2000 tyngka, when the expenditure and the receipt of assistance does not match at all and the intention of the government authorities is to come and show mercy when people have lost their lives,” said the statement.
He said that at present in East Jaintia Hills District there have been more than 50 accidents in 2021-22 alone.
Speaking at the meeting, Shibun Lyngdoh said that the BJP has four General Secretaries and the duty of these four is to visit the capitals of different states in India. However, besides these, he said that there are other Joint Secretaries and the duty of the Joint Secretaries is to enter all the remote areas of the state as BL Santhosh came to Shella constituency.
His visit was also to assess the condition and training of these members at the place where they have been deployed.
All that remains is to invite the Expression of Interest (EOI) which will be held in November,” said Bah Paul.
Therefore, she demanded that a MCH should be opened in Nongstoiñ to provide proper services to the women and children of the area.
Shillong: U Congress MP from Shillong, Bah Vincent H Pala, has admitted that the idea of ​​forming a group of indigenous parties in the North East will not come to fruition but will continue to split.
The PAC has directed these officers to provide thorough information before awarding any contractors.
He questioned how the meat vendors have been able to operate the market without any problems because the consumers have not checked the quality of the meat, while the meat sold in the markets has not been checked properly. ot at the time of sale, besides being good, the people often buy it.
“What happened in Mukroh should not have happened if the government had taken the steps it should have taken between the two governments.
The girl was found by her fellow students in the middle of a bloodbath.
Jedwin Lyngdoh President of the union said that they have met with the heads of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare and the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek for two years. However, the government has not done anything and now they have no choice but to hold this protest by threatening.
The meeting was attended by ADCs FB Basan MCS, MA Challam MCS, WK Kharbuli (EAC) while the meeting was conducted by Silvester Phanbuh, MCS. become a competitive election between the rich and the poor or between the rich parties and the poor parties.
“Many have thought that although the state has been affected by insurgency and will continue to do so, we have set a target to ensure that peace and order is maintained in the state.
And the young man did the same.
Jowai, July 29: The preparations and performance of various rituals in connection with the Shad Ñiam Behdeiñkhlam in the Raij Jowai are in progress in the presence of the Dorbar Niam of the children of the Raij Jwai today. Under the leadership of Dolloi Waheh Puramon Kynjin together with their Langdohs from Raij Chyrmang, Raij Tuber and Raij Ialong came to perform one of the annual rituals dedicated to Syiem Pyrthat.
Shillong, Lber 14: The Institute of Hotel Management (IHM), Shillong, Shillong, has been established by the Ministry of Tourism and Tourism to provide training to the youth of the state. The lack of full-time teachers and the large number of vacancies in the training program has raised doubts whether this will succeed.
The Director General of Police (DGP), Dr LR Bishnoi on Tuesday said that the investigation into human trafficking cases is slow and the conviction rate in the cases is very low compared to other cases. -other.
The HFU through the letter also expressed to the government that the HFU is ready to work with the government to provide education and awareness to the public on the need to protect wildlife and the environment. .
Shillong, July 14: The Meghalaya High Court today ordered the Registrar General of the High Court to convene a hearing against the CEM of KHADC, Bah Adelbert Nongrum, for allegedly speaking The High Court has filed a complaint against him.
Regarding the announcement by the CEM of the donation of Rs 25 lakh, the Union of Rangbah Shnongs has expressed its gratitude and appreciation to the CEM of KHADC for being quick to accept the request of the Union and hope that soon they will be able to donate Rs 25 lakh. started the work for the smooth functioning of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs.
Siangshai said the curfew at this time of Covid 19 (Coronavirus) is commendable to the Government.
It is believed that the people living in the urban areas are more intelligent and understanding people but during the inspection of these days of opening of grocery stores until today it was found that Laitumkhrah Market and Happy Valley Market have been found to be violating the government's orders. you are the one who doesn't know what they are doing.
Shillong, Nailur 19: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Ampareen Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed her gratitude to the Central Government for passing the Women's Reservation Bill which has been allocated 33%. women in Parliament and in the Assemblies of the States.
A Muslim militant has beheaded a woman inside a church and then stabbed two others to death in Nice, France, today.
In a shocking incident, a woman has lost her life after being tied and shot by her husband at their residence in Kyrdemkulai, Ri Bhoi District. .
Police have also identified the leader of the gang as Panah of Ajit Rabha, also known as Rudra Rabha.
He said that the party does not want the second phase of the demarcation to be like the first phase when many parts of Meghalaya have gone to Assam. Secondly, the Meghalaya government should not take a hasty decision but should look into the documents, the safety of the people, the feelings of the people in these border villages, because according to the facts these 18 border villages The villages are not from Assam and are within Meghalaya and have been forcibly declared as the border areas between Assam and Meghalaya while most of the residents are from Meghalaya. added.
He said that this is a discrimination and insult to the people of the district as a whole.
CHAPTER – 9That year was passed away forever and the new year was accepted.
I will conclude this question with words taken and translated from a poem entitled “From the Man From La Mancha” from the book Bible Studies, Sermons, Prayers. and Reflections, by Somen Das.
The Minister said that in Kalatek village, the lack of electricity is due to the failure of the transformer.
The residents of Nangbah Pyllun at the Dobar held on the 19th November 2022 at Iawmusiang Muknor have decided to unite together to give their full support to Lakhon Biam. At the same time, the MDC of the area has decided to contest the MLA election 2023 from the 3-Raliang Constituency from the BJP party. Many development schemes have been implemented in this Constituency, which still needs a lot of development works.
The child was rescued from the cemetery at Mawlai Mawroh by a team of doctors, police and magistrates.
He also informed that the team that wins the Under-14, Under-16 and Under-19 category will qualify for the zonal final. in Guwahati.
“But we have seen that the States are starting to move.
The Chief Minister of Manipur on the 15th of this month has publicly announced and accused the illegal immigrants and members of the armed groups of being involved in the violence and bloodshed. It is located in the state of Manipur.
U Conrad K. Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on Tuesday inaugurated the Anganwadi Center at Umsning, Ri Bhoi.
They also alleged that these Dkhar factories which have been in existence since 2006-2007 have received many subsidies but how can they still charge low prices for dewbilat, in fact they should have charged very low prices.
Bah Shangpliang said that another issue that he has already discussed and followed up with the government is to improve the road from Mawngap to Balat as this road is a budlum for the residents of the area. especially to the farmers to transport their produce to the market.
“It is a decision only to mislead the people as the MLA elections 2018 are approaching,” said BJP President Shibun Lyngdoh.
Such people should ask their relatives and friends about these announcements and who this corona is because I don't think the district authorities will be able to visit each resident to explain.
The National Register of Citizens (NRC) is India's internal affairs but no one will be allowed to enter Bangladesh illegally, said Maj Gen Shafeenul Islam, Chief of Bangladesh Border Guard. .
Regarding the division of the constituency , the Seng Samla said that it will not rest but will continue to find out the true reason why the village has been divided into three parts 1600 votes, why Mawpat which has 3000 votes was not divided.
Because of the increase in the price of piat in Iewduh, the shopkeepers in Khapsor have also taken advantage of the price by selling piat at T.15 per kilo and selling up to T.80 per kilo. pat who sold T.70 per kilo.
In the 70 kg category, Jackson Lyngdoh won the first prize, Defender Samati won the second prize and Borsis L Nongbri won the third prize.
These incidents show how much the rights of the landowners have been violated due to the non-recognition of the IOA & AA by India on 17 August 1948, while these provisions do not appear in the Constitution of India. these Acts affect the right to land ownership and the right to land resources.
In another development, the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, has imposed a night curfew from 10 pm to 5 pm from 13th to 20th November It is located in the rural areas of East Khasi Hills District, which also includes Sohra and Pynursla Civil Sub Divisions.
“We understand that 87% of consumers in cities and 86% across urban areas (population 10-40 lakh) prefer to buy online.
“Let us all come together regardless of gender, religion, clan, ethnicity, education level and others for the sake of unity that can overcome all obstacles,” he said.
The phone is not supposed to provide information, but it is the tears that flow from the leader.
Finally, the union urged the two MLAs of the district or the relevant authorities to talk to the PWD (Road) department to do whatever is necessary so that the people can be safe in coming and going, said the union. The news was sent by NL Talang.
Pastor Marwein said that since he became the pastor of the Presbyterian Church in 1967, he has never been stopped, not once, during his preaching.
They have been there for many years and they have not reached the end of their term.
“We need new leaders who really work for the state,” he said, adding that the current leaders are working only for themselves instead of for themselves. to work for the welfare of the state as a whole.
The Minister said that the position of the State Government is clear on this issue because “It is the life and death of the people, it is the health of the people and it is the future of the State. our".
He is about 45 years old and is from Kynbah Malai village, Mawsynram Constituency.
The school, which led the state abroad and lost in the quarter final in Haryana last year, won 3-1 in the first semi final of the women's Under-1 , which was at 9 o'clock in the morning.
They also need food, clothes, medicines, household items, drinking water and these are the responsibility of the government to deliver to the residents of the village,” he said. Jimmie G. Marak, resident of Khalu.
“Speaking on the election of the NPP as MP, Ampareen said she is proud that the NPP has been willing to empower her, who is the only woman.
When World War I broke out in 1918, it had a profound impact on world politics.
They said that other ethnic groups have been recognized as ethnic groups under the Meghalaya Reservation Policy while the Scheduled Castes living in West, East, South and South West Garo Hills have been considered as non-ethnic groups.
The MP said that the dewbilat factories are more important than the people of the state.
He said that according to the statement, the sale of land is 7413 acres but when he received the letter, it is up to 12,000 acres to be sold to the BSF. such as Pilingku A, Pillingku B, Umtyrnga, and others, all the farmers and income earners will become refugees.
The state needs a revolution to stir up once and for all to achieve all our demands that the struggle should be strong and with the full support of the people.
How important it is for these elders and women to come together and the name is the Khasi National Dorbar,” he said.
The Chief Minister, Conrad K. Sangma together with the Minister of Education, Meghalaya, Rakkam A. Sangmaki on Tuesday distributed appointment letters to 346 Lower Primary School Teachers at a program held in the State. Convention Centre, alongside Education Minister Rakkam A Sangma.
Vincent also acknowledged that the Symbud Myntri Rangbah has a strong understanding and relationship with the BJP. “The BJP will also give strong support to the NPP in all areas including expenditure, “The NPP itself needs the BJP to throw away,” said Bah Vincent.
Shillong, Naiwieng 23: People from all over the Khasi and Jaintia Hills today flocked to the celebration of the Seng Kut Snem as usual every year.
Knerlang Phawa, today 18th July 2024, won the losing title, by coming first in the 10,000 meter race in the 16 and above category and 22 years down the line.
The Dorbar Shnong of Shnongpdeng, West Jaintia Hills has decided to temporarily ban the entry of foreign tourists at the Umngot River Tourist Spot.
All these are the figures received from the Health and Family Welfare Department of the State Government.
In another incident, on the morning of the 28th of this month, two contractors named Amit and Killiang stole the construction materials belonging to Bah H. .Dohling, I work in Nongrah, Shillong.
Those who don't have the road to the road, they have to leave the road and the road to these two places.
Therefore, when he went to campaign in Garo Hills, he gave lectures in Garo language.
It is for this reason that the Sordar and the villagers, the youth and the Christian Brothers have joined hands together to show by their actions how to protect the environment.
This is an essential program to cover all citizens in the country who are in the midst of poverty and hardship.
The All Meghalaya Karate-Do Association (AMKA) has sent 57 karate players under the leadership of Bah Donboklang Lyngdoh, Arjun Sewa and Greater EM Kharpuri.
Women in Switzerland have to leave work every day at 3.24 pm, where they are prohibited from working overtime, as they should not be paid more than men.
Young market vendors on the road who are still talking to the media today2
He said that during the investigation of the police, it was found that it was an intentional act, because the people who came to incite the people by preparing alcoholic beverages, knives, siej, kyiad, were found. They seized a vehicle carrying umphniang sharak which was prepared on the night of the 23rd before the meeting the next day.
“For the things which are seen are temporal, but the things which are not seen are eternal” (2 Corinthians 4:18).
However, Child Safety Day will be celebrated from 14th to 20th of this month.
The meeting also decided to elect members to meet with the state government including the civil society to force it to take action on the issues of the MCCL. The HNLC has called for a 24 hour curfew in Khasi and Jaintia Hills tomorrow.
The Court also directed the State to take into account the rules of transportation and distribution of coal and to ensure that it takes the necessary measures according to the law at the depots. before you can shalan the mar.
Other speakers on the occasion included the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Timothy D. Shira, MLA of Resubelpara, Jude Rangku T. Sangma, MCS, PD, DDRD and Verdi Sangma, MCS, Assistant Commissioner. , NGH and BDO, Resubelpara who gave words of encouragement and encouragement to the farmers to improve their income and development.
Thank you for your writing.
Under his leadership, many works have been done for the development of the North East.
Khliehriat, Nailar 31 : The Jaintia Hills Truck Owners Association (JHTOA) today held a public meeting at Tuber Tahkhniang village, East Jaintia Hills District. The meeting was also held to introduce more members to the Association and for those who have not yet joined the Association, they were given time from 1st to 30th November. to further promote the trade.
He said they have also decided to write to the Ministry of Human Resource Development (MHRD) against them.
Parents spend a lot of money to train the minds of their children, but we forget to train the heart and soul which are the source of morality.
We understand that the second phase of the border talks will be difficult because the areas are more numerous and surrounded by rubble.
Chennai, Lber 02 : India on Friday announced the 23-member squad for the AFC U-20 Women's Asian Cup 2024 Qualifiers Round 1 from Group F, which will be played in Vietnam from 7th October
The youths of the Tiwa community living on the border of Mawhati Constituency, have come together to meet the BJP candidate from Mawhati, Dr. Evarist Myrsing. Samla Aniwel Hukait, one of the candidates of the BJP, said that they have expressed their support for the BJP candidate to win from Mawhati. The leader of the youths of Amjong village, said that the reason why the youths of the Tiwa community have turned to support the BJP candidate, is their desire to bring about change in the field. They believe that only the BJP party in power in Delhi can bring about change in the state and the country as a whole.
Therefore, the public is requested to comment on the statement by e-mail sainriti2011@gmail.com or WhatsApp no.
Expressing the same feeling, some of the residents of Umlong have expressed their opposition to the project saying that it will affect the health of the residents of Umlong. near the village.
The spread of drugs in the past years has caused great concern to the State Police Department as they have not been able to arrest the traffickers but the arrest is only for the pearl dealers.
She had just returned from her village in Garo Hills about 10 months ago when this happened.
On the same day, Dr. Mukul Sangma, left by helicopter and at the meeting, it was seen that thousands of people from the area, came to listen to the election campaign. These TMC leaders, while speaking to the people, had the opportunity to explain to the people about the principles of the party and who also expressed to the people, that the TMC is The party is the best party to look after the problems faced by the people in the state and especially during these five years of rule by the MDA government, which has been attended by many political parties. within the state.
In the rankings, India's leading batsman Shubman Gill, who has played well against Virat Kohli; They are the players who remain in the same position after holding the 5th and 7th positions while the captain of the team Rohit Sharma has now moved up by one place to the 9th position.
There have been 1,093 new cases of covid-19 in Assam today, bringing the total number of cases to 25,0
Young SC Mairang won the title by beating Wahliewlong SC 2-1 in the final on the second day at the Mairang Mission Football Ground.
Another issue discussed by the UDP is to hold a General Council to elect new office bearers in November.
Shillong, Lber 1: Former Minister and current MLA from Chokpot Constituency, Clifford R. Marak, passed away suddenly today at a hospital in Guwahati.
After the opening ceremony, a march with banners and flowers was held from the site to the cemetery of the Presbyterian Church Wapungskur to lay flowers at the graves of these two men.
Shillong: North Shillong MLA Adelbert Nongrum, who is a member of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA), has not taken part in the election of the joint candidate for the Rajya Sabha MP elections.
Besides Process T Sawkmie, MDC Mawlai, they have also invited James Sylliang, MDC and Ardent Basaiawmoit, MDC& MLA to come and express their views. They said that the people of Mawlai should get information about the VAB which they are still in the dark about but they see only in the newspapers.
The Meghalaya Amendment Act 2015, which was passed by 60 MLAs in the Legislative Assembly, has come into force today. The High Court has appointed the Chief Executive Member of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Oste Phi Oiñ won the knockout stage by beating Sunset Valley FC 4-0
The State Govt's attempt to bar Deficit School Teachers from participating in politics is a wrong way of thinking and this can lead to it comes only from some leaders who have hatred and resentment towards some teachers who are not their political opponents.
and the question now is.
The Hynniewtrep people are also a people who have interacted with other peoples.
In the letter, he asked the Minister to immediately remove those encroachers by setting up shops on the land of the Forest Department who are the cause of polluting the clean water.
Sanbor said the Council has made a mistake in sending the character certificate of the trading license applicant to two responsible persons to verify it. to the village council.
Regarding the SMC's decision and the request of the families of the students and residents, Patnaik held a meeting with government officials, including the Chief Secretary, and allocated the funds. for the construction of a new school, government officials said.
Thus, the Niam Festival of the Hima Khyrim (the Nonhkrem Festival) was held once a year.
His explanation is based on the Holy Book of the Bible.
The Congress has dropped to 4 seats, the NPP has not increased or increased but has won 8 seats, the BJP has won only 2 seats and the TMC has won 5 seats. election because it has conservative opponents.
The Chief Organizer of FKJGP, Bah Marbud Dkhar, said that the FKJGP has urged all government employees not to go to work tomorrow and one day on the 27th as a sign of solidarity. the government to implement the ILP in the state.
This initiative of the Seng Samla is also to help those youths who have become addicted to drugs and who still want to change into a new life.
On the other hand, the DC said that the program to distribute these mobile tablets to the students tomorrow is scheduled to be held at the fourth ground in Polo and these mobile tablets will be distributed through the Chief scheme. Minister’s Student Digital Learning Aid Scheme-2013-14.
Jayson Lennox Nongrum, Publicity Secretary of the party in Ri Bhoi, Donbok Maiong, President of Lai Shnong Unit, Rangbah Umbi Village, teachers of 3 schools and other members of the Seng.
The KSU began to develop in 1979, later the Federation of Khasi Jaintia & Garo People (FKJGP), Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HPSO), Hynniewtrep National Youth Front (HNYF), Jaintia Students Union (JSU), Ri Bhoi Youth Federation (RBYF), Synjuk Seng Shnong (SSSS), Civil Society Welfare Organization (CSWO), and others.
The proposal to sell the land in the Umsen area has raised doubts among the state government, the Hima and the District Council due to their haste to sell the land while the people of the state are still in the dark about the land. but their involvement in selling the land to the Army has shown a little doubt among the people of the state.
He said that the dorbar has decided to request the SP of West Jaintia Hills District to deploy more police patrols at Lum Pynthor so that the villagers can safely go to the fields.
He said that the government should have formulated a policy so that instead of saying that we will start organic farming we should say that we should improve our traditional farming methods.
There is no need for such talk of race or fellow citizens.
In a statement, Samla Sumar Lyngdoh, President HANM, Western Zone, said that the HANM is deeply saddened by the failure of the Meghalaya government especially the Regional Committee which is preparing for the border talks. The road work of Assam in Baghlapara village has been underway and remains to be completed.
It has reached that point in our state when the government cannot provide jobs to all the youth and when we get jobs we are deprived.
She said she was surprised because she didn’t hear the baby cry, but she said she was informed the baby was gone.
Hek's remarks were in violation of the order of the Commissioner of Food Safety based on the investigation of the Food Safety Department which found that many of the fish imported into the State were treated with formalin.
These changes will be implemented as a trial starting on the 6th of this month.
And in another sense, I understand that religion is the force that can bring about a living relationship between man and God.
Meghalaya won 15 gold, 9 silver and 17 bronze medals for a total of
Not only that, Ma Sñiawbhalang Dhar Minister Urban Affairs Etc. has also donated many assistance to the church especially in the construction of a large and beautiful pandal among others.
In this regard, no one was killed or injured in the incident.
We have enough candidates to run against him.
If you don't get it from Assam, you don't get it from here.
Nongpoh: Thousands of people from different parts of Umsning area today held a march from Umsaitsning to Umsning and ended at Lad Mawrong. They also demanded that a man be punished severely for raping a 4 year old child from Lad Mawrong village in Umsning. the whole Umsning area.
Even those teachers who have worked for 20 and 30 years, but who have scored less than 45% in P.U.C or class-XII, the government is no longer allowed to teach.
Shillong: The Joint Action Committee (JAC) of the JHTOA, the Meghalaya Truckers' Union (MTU) and the All Jaintia Cement and Clinker Association (JHTOA) today held a meeting to discuss the issue. The AJCCTA today met with the Commissioner of Transportation to express his concern about the failure of the dewbilat factories to operate according to the price set by the Meghalaya government.
It is time for the Covid 19 Management Committees and the Village Authorities to educate the people to be vigilant and careful to avoid future disasters.
Shillong: On the night of the 12th of this month, 13 wild elephants including three and four months old, have entered Daistong village and destroyed many crops.
Rainfall, heavy and heavy, is expected on the 14th, 15th and 16th of this month.
This is part of the curfew imposed by the Government of India to fight against Corona Virus or Covid-19, according to Ma Nio Rymbai, Waheh Shnong Lama and Ma Eladmi Suchen, Village Secretary.
Shillong, Nailar 09: The Shillong Referees Society (SRS) on Tuesday jointly organized the AIFF Referees Development Course which started on the 9th at the SSA Stadium. and will end on the 12th of January
Those who import fish from abroad cannot sell fish for 15 days and those who violate the rule can be imprisoned for up to 7 years with a fine of 10 lakh tyngka. ,In accordance with Section 59(iv) of the Food and Safety Act
The BJP wants to say that many schemes and development works of the people have not reached their targets in the past years due to misuse and mismanagement without responsibility for the poor. .
Rules : The SDOs (Civil) and Block Development Officers in consultation with the Rangbah Shnongs, CCMTs of various Zones, shall arrange for the opening of shops in such a way that there will be no group gatherings. of people anywhere.
Special DGP Law and Order Arpit Shukla said that about 110 road patrols were conducted on Thursday in 192 dangerous areas. in all 28 districts.
Lanong said that he still respects Bah BB Lyngdoh, because he is a man who has surrendered himself in the midst of many trials, attempts to deceive, tempt but he has not given up. .
These farmers said that these farms are their land and property rights and they have been farming in these areas since Kulong Kumah for many generations and it has been inherited according to the customs and traditions.
The actress of the film, Sweety Jane Pala, said that it has been decided to continue the screening of the film for four months starting from Thursday.
The Village Authority requests any organization not to publish any news without detailed information. If you want to publish any news, please contact the villages and townships. bor you law.
God has given man the knowledge he still needs to give, to discover, to research and so on.
All these items were stolen from Syiem Enterprise in Jaiaw Shyiap but Pakyntein said that they have investigated and found that there is no such thing at Syiem Enterprise and it is only a cash memo. name snail.
Why do these opposition people come forward when the poor do not get ration cards?
Shillong: Although the sky is cloudy in Shillong, the cold weather has decreased today.
Sangma took part in a short discussion launched by North Shillong MLA Bah Adelbert Nongrum on the allegation by the two leaders that Meghalaya is the most corrupt state.
He said the party does not want to have many candidates but wants the right candidates who have the chance to win.
In recognition of the team's performance in its performance and unbeaten journey along with the record breaking in this category, the selection of Hockey India (HI) has announced a cash prize of up to T.2.00 lakh for each player of the FIH Men's Junior World Cup in Malaysia. also a cash prize of T.1.00 lakh to each of the leaders and assistants of the group.
“The CID may summon other junior employees of the university who have opened departments across the state,” the newspaper said.
Federick said the Sengbhalang is not against the Tenancy Act but the government should implement the ILP first and the Tenancy Act will be implemented after the ILP. “The government intends to implement the Tenancy Act after the unions demanded the ILP but the government has been silent without doing anything to prevent the entry of foreigners who bring harm to the nation.
Psalm 145:18.
The government has collected more than Rs 10 lakh from the people in connection with Covid-19 for violating the rules while the government ministers have not been fined for violating the rules.
Through a letter sent to the DC Ri Bhoi, the HYC said that the people of the area have been facing excessive problems, because as it is now, not only to cut down trees, but also to They don't have the right to dig shyiap, to cut down trees or to build houses, because before they do all these things, they have to get permission from these people of the Forest. to face problems and this action by the people of Assam has caused problems to the Khasi people living in the area.
“We are committed to monitoring the performance of these factories because it has not benefited anyone, but only the private sector.
The Mawlai bypass will also be improved but there are some problems as the land falls under the ISBT and talks are ongoing to resolve this.
“Whether there is an emergency or not, that is the question,” he said.
This is a time when students are worried about money, how to study, how to complete the syllabus and where this will lead.
Whom they had waited for for so long, whom they had rejected for thousands of years.
“This athlete used to participate in body building, but now he has moved to power lifting.
“The government has asked for our support to fight against COVID-19, but we are surprised how this government wants to allow the trade of coal from one state especially to Assam which has been affected by COVID-19, “We have 32 lakh metric tonnes of coal in the State and this coal is enough to be transported to these factories and we should allow this coal to be transported first and demand that the import of coal be stopped immediately. from abroad to this state to protect our rights and to open up opportunities for the people of the area to earn a living,” said the JARF leaders. 2 lakh tonnes of NGT approved for sale and transportation in East Jaintia.
“The ILP protects us who are small and poor and suffering,” he said. “Mizoram can export its products abroad despite the implementation of the ILP but the farmers inside the state cannot manage agricultural products,".
You will see the destruction of the wicked" (Ps 37:34).
Wansuk was accompanied by former Chief Minister and MPCC President DD Lapang, AICC Secretary (In-charge Meghalaya) Vijaylakshni Sadho, State Social Welfare Minister. Deborah Marak and other Congress leaders.
This house was built as part of the assistance to the Lyngdoh Kur for the preservation of the forest.
They also informed that all districts should ensure that the training is completed before 16th November 2016 according to the directive of the ECI. on Frequently Asked Questions (FAQs) on the National Electoral Roll Purification (NERP) and prepare for detailed information between Booth Level Officials (BLOs) and others.
Documents required to verify age include Aadhaar Card, Original Birth Certificate.
Ladakh will also have a geothermal power plant.
Those Teacher Education Institutions (TEIs) who do not do well will be severely punished.
Please tell the Returning Officer that the Supreme Court is watching closely,” said the Chief Justice.
Modi, 48, was arrested by Scotland Yard in central London today and India has already asked England to bring him back to India on charges of smuggling. Punjab National Bank (PNB) has received Rs 14,000 crore.
Recently, the Prime Minister personally visited Mukroh village to condole and hand over a cash assistance of T.5 lakh to the relatives of the four victims.
The PAC was led by its Chairman, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, MLA West Shillong, Bah Ronnie V Lyngdoh, MLA, Mylliem and others. .
Jowai: The party has already set up a committee to prepare the election manifestos for the GHADC. Jowai: Leaders of four political parties The Hynniewtrep Youth Council and the Jaintia Youth Federation have submitted their letter to the Deputy Commissioner (DC) of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah Garod LSN Dykes to request him to inform the State Government regarding their demand.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Philling Rynjah said that besides the Umsning Hospital, he also has 25 Khasi medicine shops across Ri Lum Khasi Jaintia. all around, it was made of plants that he had planted and cared for.
There are 35 children aged 6 to 3 years and 45 children aged 3 to 6 years.
“This government's aggression has made the people feel uncomfortable,” said Bah Titos.
Mooknor Thadmuthlong started to fight hard and had a golden opportunity to score in the 30th minute through Iohi Dhar.
Listening to the stories of the elders of Labang-Nangphyllut and especially reading the history of the Ahom kings, who ruled Assam in the years 1500 AD, which was written by Sir Edward Gait said that the Hima of Syiem Sutnga was a strong, powerful and prosperous Hima, a Hima that was equal to a Hima or a country that was complete from all sides.
Sunil Chhetri's first goal from the penalty spot helped India beat Bangladesh 1-0 in the 19th Group-A match. The Asian Games were held on Friday in Hangzhou.
The lack of Internet access is due to the road construction in Goalpara in Assam where the Internet signals have been cut off during the road construction.
The Deputy Commissioner, Ri Bhoi, has warned the people not to enter and leave these areas and if anyone is found to be in violation, they will be punished according to the rules. Law.
Paul Lyngdoh said the UDP will announce all its candidates by October, 2017 and all the circles should expedite their decision on the candidates.
According to a complaint lodged by the family members of Nongstoin PS, Arful Kharbani had married Gracefully Marwein in January 2015 and had a conversation with both parties. At that time Arful's parents asked Gracefully's family to allow her to come and take care of the house in Mawdum Dum because they did not have a daughter.
The Chief Minister also expressed his satisfaction to learn that the Law & Legislative Affairs Department of the Government of Manipur has translated the Constitution of the country from English into Manipuri, but now it will be Manipuri. .
Therefore, he said that the leadership of the youth to participate in politics will be one of the strongest areas to bring about many changes in the Ranikor Constituency and the region as a whole.
“There has been a delay in the release of the bill, due to the lack of funds from the central government, due to the large number of applicants, while the funds have not arrived,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Even if there are mobile phones and computers, they are useless because there is no network in their villages.
Many of these MDCs said that they respect their MLAs and admitted that it is through their MLAs and through the Congress Party that they have reached the MDC seat. He said that their future to reach the MLA post depends on the hard work of the Congress leaders.
Marak was arrested by Assam police in Jorabat and a case was registered against him. Police seized T.50,000 cash and 130 rounds of AK rifles. These bullets should be delivered to the GNLA through the Havildar.
fa@gmail.com for more information.
“The NTA and NEHU officials have informed us that only one woman and one student could not sit for the CUET examination on that day.
“On our part, we have taken this seriously because it has affected many churches, most of the people who work are day laborers.
Shillong: U Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah Alexander L Hek today said that 17 children have died and 5101 children have been infected with Covid-19 in the past 14 months. the state.
The Waheh Shnong expressed his gratitude to the SBYWA and blessed the leaders and all the members to have a healthy body so that they can continue to provide the best service to the poor families and the community. within the Elaka and to other villages.
It was here that the Longiing Long Sem was established by calling those three stones “Maw Byrsiew” which means “Father”, “Mother” and “Son”.
Shillong, Nailar 01: Leaders of the Northeast Students Organization (NESO) today led by its Chairman, Bah Samuel B Jyrwa left for Manipur to find ways and means how to restore peace and stability in Manipur. the state.
The nine persons arrested were identified as Papu Paul (22), Bikash Kr.
He said that the KSU has also spoken to the DC on the government's plan to deprive the families of government employees of ration and this will affect the homes of the people. The father is a government employee while the mother is at home and has 7 or 8 children to support.
“We don't accuse anyone of their personality, we speak against the positions they hold, but why does the Congress speak against my mother and father,” he said.
Furthermore, the people need to elect and give back to these leaders so that they can improve their leadership skills so that they can provide better services to the people. Because these leaders are the ones who have the ability to serve the people who have the power and who are able to lead the state to become the Chief Minister of the state government.
The VPP also promised that the party will ensure that the registration of land in the border areas will be free of charge.
The Arts and Culture Department has replied that a fee of T.500 to T.10,000 has been paid to the participants depending on the type of dance or music or song in which the invitees have participated.
Mawlai MLA Brightstarwell Marbaniang said that the Sports Policy is only on paper, but it has not been implemented properly.
The Minister's remarks came after the SSA teachers in the state under the banner of the All Meghalaya SSA Teachers Association (AMSSATA) held a protest outside the Additional Secretariat, Shillong today to demand the release of the SSA teachers. the salary in arrears for five months and the arrear for five months.
Bah Paul said that this illegal trade is widespread in Majai, which is a clean place.
Meanwhile, the Khasi Students Union (KSU) NEHU Unit has lodged a complaint with the Vice Chancellor to dismiss Nantu Das as Assistant Director of Sports of NEHU. The VC, Prof P Shukla, General Secretary of KSU NEHU Unit, Samla Rudolf Chyne, said that they met with the VC to complain about the incident which happened on the evening of the 19th. In November, a young woman was raped by a foreigner Nantu Das.
The election will be held on 11th June
For the first time, Azerbaijan and Armenia met for peace talks on Friday after Baku acknowledged sovereignty over the area. groups struggle for power.
Yes, God loves man.
The meeting was attended by Precity Maring President of Monlang-Ika VO, Losstar Makri Rangbah Umling Langbrang, Tbn.NS Nongrum, Betsida Lyngdoh Secretary VO and others.
On the other hand, the residents urged the department to take action to complete this road as soon as possible as it has severely affected the traffic, especially in case of illness.
Trees bring beauty, cleanliness, beauty and peace to nature.
Besides, the industry has not yet recognized the method of issuing drug-free certificates to fish farmers.
Three months after June 2013, the Congress government in Delhi tried to pass an ordinance to amend the Supreme Court's decision against MPs and MLAs. against the Ordinance and threw it out in front of the media.
On his part, he expressed his gratitude and congratulations to Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, for his concern for the farmers in the state.
She stressed the role of parents to get to know their friends and think about giving time to nurture them in their future.
Last month, the Forest Department seized and arrested about three trucks of rnga, which were intended to be smuggled from Seinduli area.
According to information received by this reporter, the supporters and office bearers of the HSPDP Mawshynrut also decided to give their full support to what their MLA has already decided. Speaking to reporters on the decision taken by the HSPDP MLA from Mawshynrut together with the MLA from Mawthadraishan, the Secretary of the HSPDP Mawshynrut Block, Bah Arkhelos Diengngan, said: He said that as the office bearers of the HSPDP Mawshynrut, they have not received any information about the decision of the two MLAs, but they have seen and learned through the media and it has left them in the dark.
On the other hand, the leaders said that if the government does not convey these demands, they will take other decisions to convey to the government authorities and this decision will be taken firmly.
In the second match, Laitlyngkot SC beat Marbisu SC 2-0
The Minister of State, who is also the MLA of the area, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, at a meeting held on the 14th of this month at Bataw village, said that in the last four years, the people of They have expressed their concerns about the deterioration of the road and urged him as the leader to help find ways and means to maintain this road. There are times when I am discouraged, but I believe that I will have the opportunity to help and I also tell the people to be patient and now I am pleased to announce that on the 4th of November 2022 we will open The foundation stone of this road is in progress and once the contractors are available, the construction of this road will start. "It is expected that the maintenance of this RBBJ-Road will help and make it easier for the farmers of the area to deliver their produce to the market and also It is also expected that the contractors who are constructing the road will work well so that the road will be strong and durable.
On this occasion, the MCTA expressed its opposition to the violence against St Edmund's College.
Therefore, you have decided to review this ban to improve our country and nation.
Hyderabad scored 164 runs in 33 overs in the first innings.
Unfortunately, in both the 1985 and 2003 amendments, the legislators in Parliament did not remember to introduce the Act in all the District Councils or Sixth Schedule areas. I think that the riewlum still hold the 10 words to respect their foundation and they didn't need this Act, but that hasn't happened anymore and now it is necessary to introduce this Act in the districts as soon as possible. council.
Shillong, July 26: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K. Sangma on Tuesday said that (L) Purno Agitok Sangma knows that he will not win the Presidential election but the participation in the election it is to show that indigenous people can rise to this level.
Speaking to media, Bah Sanbor said, “It is difficult to send other parties.
This was found by the Estimate Committee (EC) of the Legislative Assembly in its report.
Before leaving the State, a short meeting was held on Friday at Crinoline Swimming Pool, where the MSA leaders besides congratulating these children, also gave information and training. how to participate in this competition and also to encourage them to keep their dignity.
Let us remove this forgetfulness that has ruled our minds, let us turn back to the past and find out the real reason why this has happened to our nation and why this has happened to our nation. The violence and persecution of our nation has not ended even today.
“I also raised the issue of peace talks between the HNLC and the government and explained the steps we have taken and intend to take forward on this issue,” he said.
And if they haven't received it as I Kong has told me through the phone, please do whatever is necessary.
Cancer, dozens of diseases can affect the family, children and husbands.
Culinary matcha is stronger and can also be mixed into baked goods or baked goods.
The MDA Government's boundary dispute and demarcation is an issue that comes out in the news almost every day and the protests of the Dorbar Shnongs, Himas, the anger of the villagers, the opposition of various political parties, the The political parties, even those who have joined the MDA Government, have made it clear that the border demarcation between Khasi-Jaintia, Garo Hills and Assam is confusing and unclear.
Citizens, private organisations, educational institutions may erect the Lama of the country on all days, holidays and celebrations in accordance with the dignity as should be done to the Lama of the country.
The last recipient was Dr.CV Raman.
Shillong, Naiwieng 4: Police today arrested another man in connection with the incident which happened in Smit on charges of Men-shoh-noh.
Dr. Saikia also urged the people not to allow but to inform the party leaders regarding the lack of drinking water supply in their homes. The report to him should be informed to Delhi and the Central Government will take the necessary action.
“We stand strongly for economic development in rural areas," he said.
Shillong: The NEHUTA Teachers' Union (NEHUTA) has held elections to elect new office bearers.
What is more surprising about the registration of AAP members is that the public can become a member of the AAP by Miss Calling 07798220033 or by SMSing their name, STD Code and title Legislative Assembly.
“What I am answering here is prepared by the officers of the department, I take it from the record in the file,” said Albinus. ".
Due to the outbreak of covid-19, the award has been postponed in 2020-2021 and 2022 and in 2023 there are 56 children from 17 states. of India who have been selected for this award.
“We are ready to set up a special committee headed by Bindo M Lanong to monitor the Bills pending in the government and the Governor's Office,” said Teinwel.
The two-time Olympic medalist and former world champion took just over half an hour to win against her 21-1 -15 and have now qualified for the pre-quarterfinals.
“Both of them will be in police custody for five days for further investigation,” said the SP. A woman identified as Debjani Khan (42) was found murdered at her home. and he went to Laban.
These include EGH: 15, EJH: 04, EKH: 88, NGH: 21, RBD: 38, SGH: 13, SWGH: 15, SWKH: 27, WGH: 94, WJH: 12 and WKH:
Boys' HSS won 6 gold, 3 silver and 2 bronze medals, while Kiang Nangbah Govt HSS won 4 gold and 5 silver medals. .
“The people want to know from the Government what the Emergency is.
Once, while the cow was plowing the field, the lyngki cow, which was about to die, was eating the grass near the field. to the son of man to plow.
About 115 residents have lost their lives in the forest fire and the death toll could rise once the exact count is taken. who lived in the city.
How to campaign the Election exactly.
However, years and times have passed, and MeECL has remained the same.
Therefore, he gave a blessing, that their preparation for this service will go smoothly with the blessings of God.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Gilbert Kharraswai.
Perhaps the working hours of a policeman are a certain number of hours and he should work according to his own schedule or stay longer at the workplace when the working hours are over.
He also suggested to set up a place for the market vendors so that it will not be public.
He said he had met with the Chief Minister of Mizoram twice and the Minister of Home Affairs had not been appointed, but nothing had happened, although the matter had been pending for a long time.
Paul Lyngdoh said the UDP has an alliance with the HSPDP and this will strengthen the MP candidate who will be nominated by these political parties.
He discussed issues related to the development of Dawki area and directed the officers to think for the benefit of the people.
The UDP has nominated Dr Jemino Mawthoh while the HSPDP has nominated Renikton L Tongkhar.
There were 8 participants in the competition, 4 dancers and 4 singers. Out of all of them, only Bobby Nongrum has been selected to compete in the Grand Finale which will be held soon across India. If he wins the election, it will be an honor and a glory for Meghalaya.
Three Congress MLAs also supported Murmu.
Jowai, July 23: The Dorbar Shnong Khimusniang (DSK), Jowai has announced that the village will hold a common platform for all the candidates for the MLA election 2023 from 2-Jowai. The Common Platform will be held on the 9th June 2023 at the Indoor Sports Hall of the Village at 7 pm.
When inquired, he said the cause of the fire is unknown and this will be confirmed after the investigation.
Speaking on the issue of cleanliness, Bah Warjri Rangbah Shong, u Bah Warjri Rangbah Shong, appealed to the public to join hands in the cleanliness of the household. Cleanliness should bring victory in the community and in one's own country because cleanliness is the greatest wealth in human life.
She alleged that the BJP has tried to cover up this incident especially the incident against women.
According to police sources, the incident happened while the mother of the child was not at home. he also threatened the girl not to tell anyone.
The Districts of the State have been celebrating this day since these days through various programmes.
However, in all the war zones, I have received information that the people here, even those who work in their own homes, have been stopped by the police to stay indoors.
If the leaders or the government is really responsible for the people as they promised during the elections, it should listen to the grievances of the people and if those leaders fail to meet their demands It is better for them to step down from their seats, because it is the people who put them in seats and it doesn't make sense for them to sit in seats if their eyes don't see the problems of the people. and their ears are not attentive to the cry of the people.
Shillong, Naiwieng : Wankitlang Shangpliang, son of Tbn.PK Lynser and Mrs. JF Shangpliang of Mawsynram, has received the Ph.D.
These weapons were recovered during a search in the forests where Sohan D Shira, the slain leader of the GNLA, was buried and hidden. , include two-inch mortars commonly used by soldiers in highly violent artillery fire.
Chorus: To cleanse the doors of the house, On this special day of joy; On the Khatphra Day of the month, the Warim was celebrated.
Speaking as the chief guest, U Bah Tynsong, said that in these areas of Pynursla, after Mawlynong, Mawlam has become another tourist destination and urged that this should be the a golden opportunity for the parents and the villagers, which will be the food plate for the villagers.
The reason for the rally along with the children of the Hima Nobosohphoh was after the Syiem failed to provide explanations on the nine issues that the Union had requested for clarification from him.
Meanwhile, the Garo Hills has been withdrawn from the Bengal Eastern Frontier Regulation 1873 and will have to get the approval of the President of the country to be implemented again in Garo Hills.
“The accommodation, security guards and venue have been prepared and the state government has given its full support to us to hold this tournament.
Maneka Gandhi, Minister of State and BJP leader, on Tuesday said that Rahul Gandhi cannot become a leader unless he has some superpower. The Prime Minister, however, has made it clear that this will not happen at all.
The meeting was held at the Community Hall of Namdong-A village in the presence of General Secretary Kitboklang Nongtdu.
It is impossible to change the future generation.
The landslide has caused the road to become unstable for vehicles.
The AJMW&LU said that “many people are benefiting from government schemes without registering under e-Shram” and the AJMW&LU urged all the day laborers to take advantage of this opportunity. government so that it can act as a support system in life.
Explaining about Block-1, Bah Thaïang said, “The British Government at the time of incorporation into the East India Company in 1834-35, the Labang-Nongphyllut District was not separated from Jaintia Hills. because the French Government saw that the Khasi-Pnars were descended from the Kynthei.
We all want enough food and drink, we want enough income to meet the daily needs of our families, but the most important thing for a person is if he/she Forget about the health that we have lost and what we have we will lose in life.
Shillong, Naiwieng 17: The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Shillong, on Tuesday said that the party's election campaign has been fulfilled as promised to the people. Dr Mukul Sangma said the government's punishment for those students who study medicine from the government but do not serve according to the agreement, is that they have to pay the fee.
VK Srivastava, interim manager of the bank, said that the incident happened because of a mistake, while he said that it may have been a mistake. He said that the banks will arrange for the amount in her account to be about T.2000 tyngka.
It will be fulfilled until Jesus as Lord and King comes to rule the earth from Jerusalem until he makes Jerusalem a praise in the earth" Psalm 62:7
“For that reason, the MDA-I government has decided to resolve the border dispute, for that reason we have stood firm and signed the MoU. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate in the remaining seven seats,” said Conrad.
During the meeting, Pynthymmai was asked whether he intends to contest the 2018 elections or whether there has been a proposal from the Congress party for his name.
“However, if they want to come to the table to talk about peace, they should come in the right way and not just by expressing themselves in the media or on social media, because the The Government cannot accept the statements disseminated by the media”.
It is alleged that Majumdar and Islam are the people who used to cause trouble in the area and on Saturday they threatened Kong Juki with insulting words until there was an attempt to break the top. However, thanks to the intervention of the residents of Barapathar and the quick action of the Pilangkata Out Post Police, the attempt to destroy the water tank was stopped.
The meeting was held by Bah PN.Syiem, in the presence of A.Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Campaign, Milan Warjri, Information Secretary. The Hima Jirang, the Sordar Shnongs, the elders and the people who came to witness this meeting.
The Ministry of Home Affairs of the Union Government has said that the NGOs in the country have been affected by the tobacco factories, and this is one of the reasons for the ban. The US group is one of the recently added groups to the list of NGOs accused of violating the FCRAÏa CFTK was funded by one of the leaders and former New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg.
R Lyngdoh, Legal Aid Counsel conducted the meeting.
In a statement sent by T.Bn.
A case has been registered under the NDPS Act at Khliehriat PS and the investigation is ongoing.
Speaking at a public meeting, Amit Shah said the BJP government has released them from the shootings and protests and if they get the chance for another five years, they will release them. In Assam, there is also a flood.
Rangdajied United Football Club, Nangkiew Irat Sports Club, Mawlai Sports Club and 4th Mile Kick Start Academy won their SSA Under-14 Football League 2023 matches on Saturday.
“Noting that Mukul's allegation that the NPP is the B-Team of the BJP is not true, Prestone said he is sure that the Leader of the Opposition will join the BJP. BJP after the elections.
In the tied innings, Meghalaya reached the target in 15.1 overs for the loss of three wickets.
Shillong: The NPP Meghalaya welcomes the decision of the BJP to support the NPP in the Lok Sabha MP elections in Meghalaya. .
“Don't expect that all those MLAs whom you (NPP) have won from other parties will be your precious assets but they will be your responsibility,” said Dr Mukul. which also strongly condemned the NPP's attempts to attract the MLAs of AITC and other parties by force.
Bah Rudi concluded that in this election, the position is only to have money and that is very difficult and since the state got a Hill State which will be 50 years old but even if the opportunities have increased for the people but the mindset is still lagging behind and that is where if we want to see change we must change our mindset.
“It is not clear what the HPC wants to change because they have not met with the state government and therefore they will wait for the proposal from the HPC. The court on Tuesday held a hearing on the proposal to relocate the residents of Them Metor.
Regarding the Rehabilitation Centre, he expressed his regret that there is no accommodation for women except men and if many women use drugs it will put them at risk because they can bring to the worsening of the AIDs epidemic.
“Have you come?” said one of the workers when he saw Peter arriving at the workplace.
Matthew 1:17.
In Khasi Jaintia Hills, the NPP has won five MLAs, but with the merger of two MLAs from the People's Democratic Front (PDF), the number of MLAs from this constituency has increased to .
The KSU urges the district authorities, MLA of 5-Sutnga Saipung constituency Santa Mary Shylla and especially the state government to take action on this issue. This is especially true during this rainy season when the sick people are suffering from the lack of vehicles to go to the market due to the poor condition of the road from Huroi to Sunapur.
The MLA and MDC of the area, Bah Balajied Synrem and Bah Tienwell Dkhar, said that the area needs many development projects for the residents and tourists. to install cable cars for the elderly, the sick and tourists who wish to ride these types of vehicles.
Due to the urgency and crisis in the situation due to the rapid spread of covid-19, some samples have been sent for testing to Guwahati and Berpeta.
In addition, the TMC has promised to increase the number of MSMEs to 1.3 lakh units in the next five years by 4,000 thousand MSMEs in the next five years. come.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: Four brothers, including their mother, have been in critical condition after eating a wild tit.
It is learned that the storm has affected not only the houses in these border areas of Block II and dozens of houses in the Jirang area. Other parts of Ri Bhoi In the area of ​​Block II and Raid Nongtung in Ri Bhoi, three villages have been severely affected including Ummat I, Ummat II and Nongsder village where 28 houses have been destroyed by the earthquake in these three villages.
At present, our state is still dependent on foreign countries for education, training and training in various lines. you are my soul.
On the 4th day of the month, all the households, especially the Kmai Yung and Yung Blai, were cleaned up. Rakud, Kyndur and palat Kyndur and kiwi kiwi have all the rooms on the foundation and the cleanliness of the jngiar is the following of the Blai, but the most important thing is the belief that the Tre kirot will come to have a special blessing. He said that the 7th day of Behdeinkhlam will be held on the 4th and 3rd day of Behdeinkhlam.
