The performance will be held again tomorrow at Soso Tham Park at 5:30 pm and many of the audience want to come and watch again.
BSNL has approved to install 352 mobile towers in these 1164 rural villages which do not yet have mobile networks under the USOF. the State.
On the opening day of the National Exhibition Centre, Sargar started with a weight category of 107kg.
Speaking to reporters, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on 6th November, said that the state government is looking into the proposal to build a railway line. In East Khasi Hills and Ri Bhoi, the work has been suspended, so we will try in other parts of the state.
As part of the celebration of National Fish Farmers Day, the Department of Fisheries, Government of Meghalaya, on Tuesday held a virtual program for Union Minister of Fisheries, Animal Husbandry and Dairying Parshottam Rupala inaugurated various projects related to fisheries.
On the other hand, the head of the hospital alleged that there has been a shrieh on the part of the head of the blood transfusion department.
The women's team of Aditi Swami, Jyothi Surekha Vennam and Parneet Kaur beat the Mexican team in the tiebreaker by 232 points. 232 (29*-29) for the purpose of winning the Rnong medal.
During the inspection, the union leaders found many shortcomings in the hospital from the road, staffing, staff and all the necessities of the hospital. The union said that the statement of former Umsning MLA Dr C Lyngdoh is wrong and the government should look into and open until all the requirements can be met.
The BIB distribution will be distributed on the 16th.
He said that the union has demanded that NEHU should open its own CSIR-NET Center to facilitate the students of Life Science and Physical Science. I had to go to Guwahati.
The State is no longer what it was 50 years ago, but development projects have been slow and income has declined.
In a video of Khan addressing the crowd from his residence in Zaman Park in Lahore on Tuesday, Khan said he had received information that there were many He said that political parties and individuals who wanted to take his life and these enemies have isolated and surrounded the Pakistan Tehree-e-Insaf (PTI) at this time.
“The Government of India has not done anything regarding the demand for the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. " said Mr. Ardent.
“The refusal of Bah Pynshngain N Syiem not to resign from the post of MDC has caused the government to create problems,” said Bah Bindo.
In 2019, Nitin Gadkari through the new MV Act ordered the removal of all extra reinforced bumpers such as pipes or angles.
“Tourism has a role to play in contributing to the society in terms of income so that it will benefit the people and also to provide comfort to the visitors,” said Bah Metbah.
“The HYC sends its condolences to all the family members and loved ones of Bah Shylla and prays to God Almighty to comfort them in this darkness.
Islam is currently working as an investigator at the NRC Service Center in Mikirbheta.
On learning of all these incidents, Judai said that she went to ask her sister Mombrisoh but she said that her sister had raped her husband and alleged that she had raped her husband. it is only for the purpose of deceiving him.
Guwahati: Assam will release the names of the National Register of Citizens (NRC) tomorrow. noon across the state.
On the 4th of July, Samla Congress leader Bansharai and JK Rymbai had spoken to reporters to express their concern over the remarks of the Minister of Sports who is also the President. former Youth Congress leader Zenith Sangma and demanded that he should explain his remarks.
In connection with this, Ariel has released a film entitled “See the signs and #share the load.
The NEHU teachers carried placards in front of the multi-purpose hall where the University Court meeting was to be held.
In Amlarem Civil Sub-Division, Bah Lahkmen Rymbui unfurled the flag and took the salute at the celebration held at Amlarem Government Lower Primary School.
In another development, the EJHDFA has announced the start of the First Division Football on Tuesday.
However, it was said that the child was afraid that the vehicle he was driving did not belong to him, so he tried to avoid the investigation and tried to escape as much as he could. the police at the time.
He also inaugurated the Inter-State Bus Terminal at Mawiong.
This is the first time that the HNLC has confirmed that there are young people who have just joined the HNLC. Happy New Year to the HNLC. In a statement, the HNLC said that there are newly joined members who are in various departments.
He said the government has released T.2 lakh from the Chief Minister's Special Grant as an assistance to the families of the deceased in Ishamati and also the deceased who was buried in Iewduh. and he took care of all the injured.
He spoke to the group present and expressed his admiration for the Ryndia cloth which is in line with the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) for environmental work, women's empowerment and they are the ones who earn money.
Bah SS Sohtun said that they have also set up a shop to provide food and drink for the visitors.
Furthermore, Modi had not said that the lotus flower, which is the symbol of the BJP, will bloom in Meghalaya this time.
Sniawbhalang Dhar was the chief guest and unfurled the tricolor flag of the country. After the unfurling of the flag, the marchpass of 38 parade contingents followed. Also present on the occasion were District Administrators, Officers from various government departments, MLAs, MDCs, Riew Rangbah. Students, parents, teachers and all the residents of the District Head Quarter came to take part in the celebration.
Anna showed off the sati synjat, which was given to her by Mayweather and it is understood that they have started thinking about having a child this year.
The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh on Tuesday inaugurated a traditional health center at Pahamsyiem village. The State Government has donated T.8 lakh through the Bio-Resource Development Center (BRDC), Shillong.
After the preparations are completed, it will be able to run again,” said the government official in charge of the department.
And one of the facts that we see in our state of MEGHALAYA when there is an increase in the price of car fares it is very difficult to decrease the price. Now we have seen that the increase has increased and remains the same.
JOWAI: Marso Kyndait and Happiness Phawa of Sabahmuswang village have been the winners of the 10th National Voter's Day Run
“It was seen that on this day, parents and relatives were very happy to see their children playing and showing their talents on the field.
Therefore, at the meeting convened by the SDO(c) on 23-02-2022, he said that since there is no replacement of the village office bearers in the dorbar; The Government still recognizes the same members of the Dorbar and EC. We request the relevant authorities to continue until the remaining village works can be resolved. organize festival programs in the name of the Dorbar Shnong because the rights of the residents in the Dorbar are sacred and more precious than fundraising festivals in the name of the Dorbar.
As it is until now, not even among the hundreds of party leaders have been able to compare the courage with Bah Bull.
The pressure to get more viewers and money causes some to lose focus on the facts.
Recently, Yoon and Kishida visited the memorial where Koreans were killed during the Hiroshima War.
I believe we all agree that what the authorities have imposed has helped to prevent the spread of this disease, but it has affected the income of the people especially the those who lack income.
The match tomorrow 25th will be between Mukhla Raij SC and Wahiajer SC at 2 pm.
The second are those leaders who are able to deceive and bewitch the people who do not know or understand what is right or wrong.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, said, “Those who deserve to receive are the farmers themselves even in the midst of many difficulties because there has been no encouragement, no assistance to them, no direction. a strong and durable road to transport agricultural products from the fields, farms and fields and open the way to the market"
The Meteorological Department has also warned that tomorrow, there will be heavy rainfall in parts of the state.
When he arrived at Rupang, he first met with the Rangbah Shnong of Saw Mer, Bah R.Nongbet; After that, they met with the SP City, Bah Vivek Syiem and after a while, they met with the youths who went to look for the missing youth. the body of the young woman.
Now I believe and surrender myself to you.
They also demanded that private hostels should be opened outside the campus until the construction of the hostel is completed.
More than 20% of mothers of children with mental illness or other physical disabilities are disabled, compared to 14% of mothers of children with obesity. they shall not be without any trouble.
The Council also requests the department to improve the landfill so that the smell of these garbage will not appear anymore.
In this regard, it was clarified that the hospital is currently installing Gas Manifold Systems in the Pediatric Intensive Care Unit (PICU) and Pediatric Ward which can accommodate about 7 (nine) people. ) days to complete.
New Delhi: A total of 22 people who returned to India from the United Kingdom have tested positive for Covid-19 in the past few days.
“Sometimes we find that even new vehicles have exceeded the standard,” said Kong Nongbri.
In this regard, the MLA urged the PHE and Municipal Departments to look into why the water supply in the 17th North Shillong Constituency is insufficient. there are places where the flow of water is low and does not come out at all.
The first woman took and ate, and gave also to her husband (Adam).
This shows that the soil is a helper to the seed.
The Administrative and Police Station will be built together, along with sports grounds, and other facilities at a cost of T.1,200 crore,” he said.
“There are many allegations that the candidates who have been selected for the interview have not met the requirements of the office, while the candidates who have not been selected have all the requirements. which the office requests," the union said.
Nongstoiñ: The residents of Diengsiang village together with the FKJGP Diengsiang Area Unit, VDP, Village Organization and Women's Wing, have strongly condemned the shooting incident of a woman by her brother. until you are seriously injured.
After the meeting, MSSASA President Aristotle Rymbai said that the meeting with the Symbud Myntri Rangbah was successful.
However, at this time, it is observed that some retired people are coming out to re-enter a profession.
Let us turn a little as an example for young people to achieve their goals in education.
“We hope and expect that the rule of law in Meghalaya will remain in accordance with the rules of law despite the constant violation by the government and police of the Supreme Court orders on the ban on illegal mining. law,” the High Court said.
Jowai, March 02: As part of the celebration of Gandhi Jayanti Day, the District Administration of West Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the Jowai Municipal Board, the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang, the Jowai Traders Association, the Market Committee of CNI Market, Jowai Presbyterian Yaaw Chyiap and Iewmusiang and other parts of the market cleaning or Swacchata Hi Seva.
Speaking to reporters, Bah FR Kharkongor said that as of 5 pm, the turnout has reached 75%, but this will continue to increase as there are some districts including East Jaintia Hills. The polling stations in Ri-Bhoi Hills and West Garo Hills, which have 200 polling stations, will continue till 9 pm today.
He also spoke on the future of the youth in unemployment, the wages for those who are not in government jobs and also on many other issues related to support for local entrepreneurs.
If they don't have the blessings of the BJP leaders in Assam and Delhi, how can they dare to offer bniat hati when the hati is still in the 'lawbah' lawsan.
By early morning we had completed more than half of the journey.
The death toll has risen to
On this occasion, Rupang spoke to the leader of the 13 parties, who is also the President Rangbah of FKJGP, Bah Joe Marwein, to ask him whether the government has dissolved these legal examination committees. The demand of the Sengbhalang for the immediate implementation of the anti-mynder laws.
At the same time, he also spoke on the pressure by private groups and groups with ties to the government to fight on issues related to education and the lack of responsibility of the governments in this regard. This is not included in the NEP
The race started from Kiang Nangbah Stadium and passed through Ladthadlaboh Main Road, Kiang Nangbah College, By Pass, Myntdu Bridge and will end at Kiang Nangbah Indoor Stadium.
“Sonia should have said that we were wrong and we should apologise.
Speaking on social media X, Sangma said, “We welcome this defeat and respect the decision of the people and wish Saleng A Sangma and Ricky Andrew J Synkong all the best. .
It was also decided to install CCTV cameras in the right places to curb theft inside the market.
In this present age many of the Laodicean churches feel that they are sufficient but they do not know that they are poor and suffering and poor and blind and unclean because they are walking in that path.
To strengthen the supply and replenishment of textbooks in the information distribution department, through the list of textbooks in accordance with the modern information dissemination.
What is more sad is that many of the sick, poor women and even school children use this road and sometimes when the people walk and stand, what comes out of their mouths, is that they feel childless. and regret the government's lack of attention to improve this road.
Speaking to reporters, Bah JJ Lyngdoh said that Lambei Village has not received its own Rangbah Shnong for three years. The reason is that the KHADC and the Dorbar of the Syiem of Mylliem have not. The election was held but the matter was postponed.
Before the break, Umpling managed to turn the tide through Carmelius Kharmih in the 88th minute.
According to a statement sent by Bah Sranly Wahlang, in fact the people of Ri Bhoi Sepngi, have already submitted and registered the documents for the Civil Sub-Division, but it is not yet. It is surprising that when the list was released, the list of Ri Bhoi District was not received.
This road also connects many villages from Klangrin to Nonglang, Langpih, Tynghor and many border villages. pass through this road and it can also cause a tragic incident due to the collapse of this road.
It may also be recalled that one person died as a result of being trapped below and died of death up from the smoke.
Nongpoh, Nailur 11: After 10 months of the Jio Company's network failure in Nongpoh and around the villages under the District Headquarters, today the network of the Company has been operational. enough where most got used to calling.
The suspect also admitted that he had committed the crime in front of the mother of the victim and had threatened the family members and the household of the victim. the family of this longkmie.
All the protests were organized by the KSU, FKJGP, etc. However, this time, the protests have been successful without any group. face her.
Padet received guitar training from the world's leading classical guitarists including Leon Kaudelak, Sergio Asad and David Tanenbaum.
Thongni FC, although they were beaten in the first half, managed to score two goals but in the second half, Kith United managed to score again. to score 4 more goals which also helped the team to win the match.
He said that as a father of young children, he is concerned about the future of his children in unemployment especially when the state is now in second or third position from last.
Mobile phones and computers are one of the easiest examples of how adults find it inconvenient to use them, but children even those who have not gone to school find no difficulty in using them. they.
The MDC, who did not want to be named, said that tomorrow the meeting will be the last to reveal all the facts.
Michel Warjri, Executive Secretary, Nongspung Hima, said that this happened on 25th June when people from Assam came to install electricity wires in the village which falls under the Jirang C&RD Block. , Ri Bhoi District.
He said the government is committed to looking across the state to provide assistance to provide sports grounds in the next five years.
The implementation for this acre is ongoing.
KSU Narpuh Circle will invite all the Rangbah Shnongs of the area to discuss and take a decision on the condition of the NH-6 Four states in the North East, Manipur, Mizoram, Assam and Tripura.
Shivnash Awasthi (IAS) Under Secretary, Sports and Youth Affairs, Government of Meghalaya and Working President of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association, Bah John. F.Kharshiing, District Sports Officers of all districts in the state and the children who played.
Pala, who was sitting next to Pynshngain at the time, encouraged him by saying, “Bah Pynshngain will surely get the 2018 ticket from the Congress and will never be expelled from the party. if you don't have a party.
To guide the readers and allow them to explain for themselves on this issue, I will try to explain the issue as written in the Building of the State Legislative Assembly as follows:U Shongknor - “Prof Majaw will now file a complaint against the newspaper “Ka Pyrta Riewlum” according to the rules of the House.
All these winners are from Sabahmuswang, except for Monlangki Kyndait from Mihmyntdu and Heiniwanki from Nongkynrih.
But they prevailed not (the dragon was defeated), and Satan's dwelling place was found no more in heaven" (Revelation 12:7-8
In the same year, 2013, the opposition comprising 8 UDP, 2 NPP, 1 GNC and one independent MLA formed the Meghalaya People's Forum (MPF). the Opposition.
And all these things began at the beginning.
Former Assistant Inspector General of Police (Administration) Gabriel K Iangrai, who was temporarily suspended on corruption charges, on July 9 has appealed to the Supreme Court for bail.
The HITO has congratulated the athletes of West Jaintia Hills District from various sports associations leading the district to play well and bring glory to the district.
Mahatma Gandhi in the struggle for the liberation of India from British rule.
“The government should not deceive or mislead the HNLC. We expect the government to drop all the cases, which is related to what the Nagaland government did in
The third entry: This was the last entry of the Israelites into their own Land.
:NPP Leader James Sangma on November 8, 2013, on Tuesday said that the BJP leaders' allegation against Tura MP Agatha Sangma A central government scheme that is not appropriate is unfounded.
“Amazing Kurbah, one of the UDP leaders from Sohiong, has strongly criticized the NPP candidate from Sohiong, Bah Samlin Malngiang for calling him a child.
Shillong, March 17: The struggle within the Congress party has intensified and this time the meeting has been a struggle between the MP of the party and the leaders of the party in this regard. the state.
One afternoon, while he was returning from the field to return home, he dropped a ryngwiang khwai into the river and caught a fish.
Before I heard only from stories, About true patriots; Like Tirot Singh and Kiang Nangbah, Until death they are ready to suffer.
Yes, we believe in the unity of India.
In a statement, the AIFF said that Head Coach Goutam Ghosh expressed his satisfaction with the performance of the students of the Academy.
To mine or use the land in Meghalaya is in the hands of the land owners and if the land owners do not allow, no one can force them.
Pranjal Dey (52 off 45 balls) and Prantik Dey (21 off 21 balls) scored the most runs for Youth Star.
To this temple he also brought Pondits (priests) to perform rituals in the temple for the King, his nobles and his people who had become Hindus.
When you speak the truth, even if it is a spiritual work, there will always be those who will understand,” said the father.
"“It is difficult now that many of these village headmen who are not land owners or indigenous people and who are raïot who have the authority to run the village have become Rangbah Shnong themselves and sell their land. “It's a problem for us in Meghalaya but also in Assam,” said the CEM. He urged the Hima Mylliem to ensure that in the border areas, the raïot should not The Rangbah Shnong or the owner of the land shall not rule and sell the land to Assam.
He immediately lodged a complaint at Lumdiengjri PS. He also asked that if anyone finds the vehicle please inform him at Mob No.
“I have been told that the large teak trees in the Aradonga forest have been destroyed,” said Bah Lanong.
We demand that the state government and KHADC should take action to seek clarification from UCIL on the tender call without giving any information,” said the statement.
The opening ceremony was attended by the President and Secretary of the Jowai Waheh Shnong Union, Alan Niangti and LD Lakiang.
Besides, the DMR department has also appointed Shallan Kulmar without following the procedure but by selecting people who are close or have connections with the Ministers and MLAs. More than 1000 coal traders and women who earn their living from the coal mining industry.
They said that in these days, the price of rice has increased from 950 tyngka per packet to 10,000 tyngka, while the price of sugar has increased from 500 tyngka to 550 tyngka.
Storfy is a member of the HNLC and is close to the Deputy Commander-in-Chief of the HNLC. peace talks.
Speaking at the ceremony, the youth of the area performed songs and dances and awarded prizes to the winners of this year's Mawkynrew Cup.
The Chief Rangbah Shnongs of Laitumkhrah, Bah PS Nongkynrih and Bah Andrew A Jyrwa, expressed the benefits of the Shillong Trade Fair in the development of the villages and employment opportunities for the youth.
In a statement, the Sordar expressed his deep sorrow over the incident ha Ichamati on Tuesday, in which Bah Lurshai Hynniewta, lost his life.
Harry Inglis, when he was an Assistant Political Agent, was allowed to sell only Soh ñiamtra and therefore all the local farmers who produce and sell Soh ñiamtra had to sell to his company and he was the only one who could. ban shalan Soh's house.
Similarly, how can a student provide training if the teacher is not qualified?
The duty of these riewblei is to reconcile mankind with the gods, goddesses, ryngkew basa in all aspects of relationships in personal life or affecting the family, the community. , you country you king, kingdom sima.
The man was arrested at 5:30 pm while he was trying to hand over the drugs to a drug addict.
Nongpoh, November 19: The Mrs. Ri Bhoi 2016, organized by the Women Organization and scheduled to be held on the 30th November this year at Madan Umsning, The competition will be postponed to the 28th July at the same venue starting at 4 pm.
Shillong: Many members of the Khasi Jaintia Butchers Welfare Association (KJBWA) have accepted and supported the butchering at the government-built house in Mawlai Mawiong.
This was on the evening of the 24th of this month.
In addition, it was suggested that one Lok Sabha constituency named 'Diphu' would be allocated for the Scheduled Tribes and would include seven Assembly constituencies from the three Autonomous Districts.
Rescue teams from the Fire & Emergency Services, SDRF and government officials from the Sub Division have been involved in the rescue operation.
But the big question is, what else have you and I, the citizens of this world, done for the cause of the destruction of the environment these days? Have we ever tried to listen to the voices of our fellow creatures who live with us in the midst of nature? It would be better if we sat down and closed our eyes and opened our minds for a while to ask, “If I am me or if we are the causes or destroyers of the environment through our actions your judgment"
Selfishness is one of the reasons why the leaders of the country have been divided because paradoh parasnam hate thlong mluh thlong sying to throw mluh thlong sying without understanding that they themselves cannot rise, others do the same. , but to put them together in one list is very difficult.
“As the Council, we request the residents of Khanduli to resolve this issue,” he said. in the second case) he wants the residents on the border not to do anything without the consent of the government.
The total number of cases in the State has risen to 91621 and out of these 88013 have recovered and 1533 have died.
The rear wheels and the coal behind the truck collapsed and the coal fell on the road.
The Custom Police Station in Pynursla has auctioned 74 cows to the Khasi-Jaintia Butcher Welfare Association (KJBWA), said Generous Warlarpih, General Secretary of the Police Station. establish.
Preference will be given to Post Graduate candidates in the subject with teaching experience preferably in the ICSE System and having B.EdPost Name:- Assistant Employment OfficersNo of posts:- 7Department:- Directorate of Employment & Craftsmen Training under Labor Department.
All day long he dreamed alone into another world.
Replying to this, Prestone admitted that it is disappointing that it takes time to investigate and prosecute the perpetrators.
Our Prime Minister has thanked the Legislative Assembly.
The President of the Seng, Bah Donboklang Dkhar, said that the insulting speech by some MCL employees to bomb and tied the people is unacceptable.
Battlegrounds Mobile India has started registration from 18th June.
In East Khasi Hills, there are 446 cases including 117 BSF personnel, 261 civilians and 68 soldiers.
Shillong, Jymmang 4: A child has been killed in Mawngap area and an attempt has been made to kill the father who took his child to take medicine. You are Mawngap, you are the light.
It was seen that the people of this area have not missed the special blessing they have received in that during this rainy season the farmers have produced many kinds of soh and spread it on the market to sell. to the visitors and guests to eat and drink to keep their bodies healthy.
of Environment and Traditional Ecosystems.
This decision was taken at a public meeting held on Thursday at Iew Byrnihat.
Of this amount, more than T.1.6 crore has been delivered since the lockdown due to Covid-1
However, he said that due to the lack of examination, the students have to walk to the school.
On the other hand, it is also to bring closer the people to the government officials as the vision of the Prime Minister Narendra Modi is that development works should reach the targeted areas. not to be postponed in order to bring about steady economic development.
Shillong, November 9: The Central Election Committee of the HSPDP, which held a meeting on the 7th of this month, has informed all the District Branches of the party to invite applications for those candidates who intend to contest. MDC elections 2014 will be held.
It is from this point of view that God differs from man.
According to the Government announcement in June 2020, the company has seven Board of Directors including a Director & Member Secretary who is also the Managing Director who is responsible for the day-to-day operations of the company. .
Shillong, Iaiong 25 : U MP and President of the MPCC, Vincent H Pala on Tuesday said that the Congress will not form an alliance with any political party ahead of the 2023 MLA elections. The party will continue to grow in the state.
Therefore, what else we need to do to remember this is that we should join hands with the youth, the donors from all over the country.
Shylla said he had spoken to former Welljune Secretary and said that T.35 lakh had been paid into the account of the Khasi Heritage Conservation Forum (KHCF) through CEM of KHADC, Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
On November 5, 2023, Sharma filed a written complaint with the High Court along with a complaint filed with the Basistha Police Station, Guwahati.
The 3rd Raliang Constituency will witness the MLA election with many candidates.
When asked when the party leaders will visit the constituency, the State President said, “We will visit, our youth have left, and our unit is there. “I heard that Bah Prestone will leave on the 22nd, there is still time and we will leave.
They don't have a car to go home and they don't have anything to eat.
Speaking to reporters on 14th November, Tynsong said, “I don't know where you got these reports, but my report is yes.
The Central Executive Committee (CEC) of the People's Democratic Party (PDF) has met on 2nd June at the party headquarters to take a decision on the joining of PDF MLAs to the NPP. the intention to join the National People's Party (NPP).
All these nutrients are good for your health.
According to sources, 60-70 workers from Wahiajer village and other villages including Jowai, War Jaintia have taken to the streets to protest against the management of the factory to demand their salaries. four months now from July to June.
This was expressed by Rgh PD Nongrum, General Secretary, Seng Khasi Kmie, who attended a meeting of religious organizations convened by the state government on Saturday. As part of the discussion on the decisions of the Central Government, from the 8th of next month, places of worship in the country will not be allowed to open, but they will have to walk. together with the rules and regulations as already announced to the public.
Shillong, July 26: Malki beat Pohkseh 3-3 in the U-19 Premier League on Tuesday at the JN Stadium, Polo.
No casualties were reported in this incident.
To reach the top of this hill you have to walk through the footpaths constructed by the VECs of Demnar village under the MGNREGA scheme and it takes about 15 minutes to reach the top of this hill. When you reach the top of this hill, you can see the beauty of nature and the beauty of the Khasi hills.
He said Mission Smile has performed 109 surgeries in Meghalaya in the last three years.
Nongpoh, the HeadQuarter of Ri Bhoi District, has also witnessed the lack of electricity supply to the rural villages. .
Jowai, Nailur, 06: Leaders of Thangskai Village, Waheh Shnong, Village Committee Members in collaboration with the Jaintia Students' Union (JSU) Khliehriat Circle on Tuesday sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of Thangskai Village Council. Ayush Kumar and Sunil Kumar's father, Sunil Kumar, have been arrested.
Speaking at the launch, Kong Sarahline Tham expressed her gratitude to the MLCU and Janet Hujon for this book which truly reflects the society of the Khasi people at that time.
“I appeal to all the citizens of the state whether it is the political parties or not to go too far.
The companies that have applied for permission are M/S Sriram Fasteners, M/S Meghalaya Polymers, Plastic Manufacturing, and M/S Megha Cashew Pvt.
“For a clean investigation, the Engineer in charge of the Project should be suspended and the Minister of PWD (Building) should resign immediately after taking responsibility for the tortious construction of many projects. Banphiralang Basaiawmoit, Vice President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Youth Congress (MPYC) told reporters.
“It is also worth mentioning that in Meghalaya there are many schemes of the central government which benefit the people of the state especially in relation to the 100 days scheme known as MGNREGA which has a large share of the benefits. From the salary of labor to the salary of equipment comes from the central government and some from the state government.
A small group of troops of the East India Company accompanied by Major Henniker were shot by the Jaintia troops.
“Even the votes in the hands of those who voted cleanly are not clear why the people should not be released. If the people are released, what will be the benefit of the election,” he added.
Meanwhile, Himalaya condemned the government's failure to give leave to deficit school teachers when they have children, and said that this is a violation of human rights.
Not only that, it was learned that the Governor of Meghalaya will not sign the Meghalaya Residents Security and Safety Act (MRSSA) at present. The Governor will first consult with experts on the matter whether to approve or send back to the State Government.
If the government had taken seriously these concerns of the people, and had focused on education, health, employment and peace, I would have expect the strikes to end gradually.
Those who have low income will benefit from this scheme.
Destroyed in 70 AD, the Israelites have not yet received a Temple to worship.
Nongpoh, Naitung 14: Assam Police today demolished several houses in Khanapara village, Ri-Bhoi district. , said Bah Jerome Lyngdoh, Rangbah Shnong of Khanapara.
'Biang hawei, nothing, nothing.
Various prizes were also awarded to the winners of various competitions organized by the PHC. Special prizes were also awarded to the employees who were selected to receive awards.
Aircel has warned the public not to believe such messages or phone calls that come to their mobile phones and tell about our rewards.
In this regard, the Lympung Ki Hynriew Shnong has demanded from the CS of the state to immediately remove the land vendors in the areas under GS Road, Motphran and others up to Iewduh for the purpose of happy to those who come and go.
Many leading rebel leaders live in the area.
Commander Shangpliang appealed to the public to wait for a while as there are still Khasi films which have already received certificates to be screened and said that the film will be released soon.
“The construction is in progress and we expect to complete it on time.
At the same time, he urged the residents to cooperate for the sake of making Meghalaya a water-rich state.
At the same time, a curfew has been imposed in parts of Shillong from 9 pm to 6 pm tomorrow morning. of Mawlai and Mawpat Block, the areas of Mylliem Block from Umshyrpi Bridge to 7th Mile Upper Shillong.
There were also people who said that they don't want to inform the public when there are any incidents in the area, even if it is bad, because it is a village on the border and those who have already experienced he is a lot of trouble.
“During this meeting, the Prime Minister has listened to us and understands the concerns of the people of the North East and said that he will consider this issue. “I will speak to the State Government and will also talk to the Home Ministry,” he said.
At the same time, funds will be raised for the San Shnong Secondary School.
However, such things should not be silenced and one should remember this one thing that service to fellow man is service to God.
In the order, the court said it has not issued any order to deploy the Central Arm Police Force in connection with the search for illegal coal trade, but only a suggestion and suggestion. .
The NBCC has alleged that the group has adopted false teachings that are not in harmony with the Christian faith.
He reminded that as the youth of the nation, we must overcome the differences of opinion and discrimination to do small jobs because this is one of the ways for us to govern ourselves in all aspects. .
In a statement, the leader of the Union of Chiefs of Riwar Mihngi, Bah Midford Ryngksai, said that the government's Housing Act does not agree with the powers of the Rangbah Shnongs. , and the community.
Don't sell yourself for a few thousand and choose the pnah thylliej who have deceived us the electorate from time to time.
Banri said the MLA had bought 100 ASUS laptops at T.25,000 each which was only T.19,000 each and spent T.25 lakh.
As Mahatma Gandhi said, let us be the changes we want to see in our state.
Pomegranate oil contains the antioxidant ellagic acid which can help to strengthen the immune system and prevent skin tumors.
Speaking at the distribution ceremony, Suly Lyngdoh said that the speed of the scheme to reach Mawsynram constituency is due to the initiative of Himalaya Muktan Shangpliang, Congress candidate from Mawsynram in
Both teams won through tie breakers after playing until the end of extra time.
The shopkeepers also criticized the rules in which they said that the shopkeepers are not allowed to put water in their shops to drink for themselves. “I don't have to buy T.3 tyngka per kg,” said Bah Nongkynrih.
We too want to take part in the wide English world.
Speaking on the Lalung, the Mawhati MLA said that these Lalungs have been living in this area since the time when the Ri Khasi Jaintia struggled to demand a Hill State. They took part in the protest for the demand for a full state.
In the 65 kg category, Yirmijagoi (Women's College) defeated Kriti Noroh (St.Edmund's) and in the 70kg category, Ladapbiang Malieh (Seng Khasi College) defeated Baiancy Kharbani. St.Mary's College).
“As an old party, it has its own issues, such as customs and traditions, language, longtrai mantrai and other issues,” he said.
Hurdles CC won by 7 runs and Ricky Stone Nongbet was named Player of the Match.
The Voice of the People's Party (VPP), which has recently been recognized as a State Party by the ECI, has done well in the last MLA elections.
There are also houses which have been flooded and this has put a threat to the people. Because of the heavy rainfall which has lasted for many days has caused a sudden flooding of the river. Tisang in Borghat village, where the water has almost reached and collided with the bridge.
What documents do I need to bring when I go to Tika Covid19? One of the following: Adhaar/ Driving Licence/Pan Card/EPIC MHIS Card.
The new cases include EKH: 19, RBD: 2, SWGH: 1, SWKH: 1, WGH: 1, WJH: 1 and WKH:
The union also urged the MLA of the area to take action to implement these issues of the people of the area.
Shillong: U Khasi Students Union (KSU) General Secretary Donal Thabah while speaking at a rally to protest against the shooting death of BSF troops by Bah (L) Roning Nongkynrih, Shillong. Speaking on the occasion, Donald V Thabah said, “How can we say that the BSF has released the Bangladeshis? “It's not like we've arrested two Bangladeshis, but since the previous year, many Bangladeshis have entered and stayed in parts of the city.
We have already got a good Chief Minister, Conrad Kongkal Sangma, there is no need to say whether we will get a good Chief Minister or not.
On the ANVC(B) camp, the party strongly opposes and has prepared a protest program if the government does not listen to the people of West Khasi Hills.
During the training period, the trainees will receive a stipend of T.2,500/- per month through the DBT payment method. data along with other documents such as proof of education, proof of disability, Aadhar card, caste certificate, passport photo and bank account details of Apply to the Keating Road office by 30th November
Regarding the demands of many to cancel festivals like the Cherry Blossom Festival and the Film Festival, which the government has canceled after these demands, Bah Ardent said that he personally does not agree. to have these festivals, because they do not bring any benefit, but they are only the entertainment of the government to the youth to cover up its shortcomings.
Mamata on November 13 launched the Meghalaya Financial Inclusion Scheme (MFI-WE) for the empowerment of women and promised to provide financial assistance of T.1,000 per month. (T.12,000 per annum) to the longkmie in the state.
Therefore, what is needed is that as fellow human beings, we need to understand each other, and we also need to learn from each other how not to get too angry or hostile.
But you don't understand the needs of people.
Earlier, MJ Kharbuddon, ACF, Mawkyrwat conducted the meeting while HKharmutee, RFO, Nongstoin delivered the welcome speech.
This incident is not only in this village, but many other villages do not dare to complain that they have been intimidated by such things as being evicted and other activities done by the village headmen.
Shillong Lajong this time, are facing difficulties in their career and one reason is because they don't have more experienced players and another reason is because they don't have foreign players as they have done. in the past years.
I also want him to pass every year so that you don't run out of food,” said Bhalang's mother with a laugh.
Upon receiving the complaint, the union led by President Marshall Biam, together with the family members, lodged an FIR with the Ladrymbai Out Post Police Station for further investigation.
The home is the shlem and the school for the child where he teaches and follows example. take a picture once, it stays valid.
:The Mawngap Lumparing Village Organization (MLVO) in collaboration with Bethany Hospital and Bansara Eye Care has organized a Free Eye & Medical Camp on the 12th November, 2022 at the Dorbar Hall. village.
The rally started from Lad Civil Hospital, Mawkyrwat and ended at Maharam Government Higher Secondary School, Mawkyrwat. The rally was opened by Bah S.Kharbteng, Sub Inspector of Schools. He also gave a speech on the celebration of this special day known as World Literacy Day.
The total number of cases has risen to 1,222, of which 847 are from East Khasi Hills, 283 from the Armed Forces and 564 from the West. There are 43 cases in Khasi Hills, 0 cases in South West Khasi Hills, 68 cases in Ri Bhoi, 6 cases from Armed Forces and 62 cases from civilians. There are 12 cases in West Garo Hills, 187 cases in West Garo Hills, 114 cases in Armed Forces and 73 cases in civilians. Srmed Forces has 39 personnel in East Garo Hills and 10 personnel in North Garo Hills.
Bah SD Khongwir passed away this morning at NEIGRIHMS Hospital at the age of 90 after a long illness.
However, on this occasion, Bah Banteidor said that he cannot say anything because the decision is not one that he can take alone.
In the evening, the Syiem Sad put the jyndem iad-um in three jars and put them in the shetja room called the Ingbah.
“If Star Cement decides to mine at Brishyrnot, the threat to future generations will be terrible and it will also pollute the Lukha and Lunar Rivers near the mine.
On the same day, the 1.6 Km village road at Chiehruphi was also inaugurated.
"Bellingham is a very good player, he has shown a good performance and he is a hard worker," Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti said.
Bah Badon Dohtdong, Secretary and HDR, said that he was prompted to work with Bah Samlin after seeing the ability of him to resolve the issues. there are many villages.
On the other hand, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh expressed his gratitude and said that it is an honor for him that the MDA has elected him as a candidate for the Speaker election to be held in the Dorbar Synrai. and he accepted this offer.
It was a fierce match from the start, with Sreenidi scoring the first goal in the 7th minute through Rosenberg Gabriel in the 10th minute.
Shillong: The General Secretary of the Western Youth Federation of West Khasi Hills District and the General Secretary of the Western Youth Federation Sengkmie have sent a letter to the Deputy Commissioner of the West Khasi Hills District, regarding the extension of the date to submit the PMAY scheme which is the scheme for building houses in the Block, after receiving a request from several villages in these areas who expressed their concern due to the time limit of the C&RD Block in these areas. The deadline for submission of documents is the 30th of this month.
This shad-ka-kmen is part of the memory and offering of the Khun Khasi Khara once a year to God the Lord, the Creator, the Creator from above to maintain the rights and customs which started on the 23rd of this month. On the 1st of June, 2023, the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District, which began with a thanksgiving prayer, was held by the Seng Khasi South West Khasi Hills District.
The report, although it does not say when India will surpass China in population, but estimates that India's first arrival will be in the middle of this year.
Therefore, the Government needs the cooperation of the people in maintaining the reputation of cleanliness known as the Scotland of the East and it is expected that the Government will take action on this so that the glory will be to everything.
These Pastors also spoke on the decline in morality among the young Christians in these days which has brought shame and decline not only to the Church, but especially to the nation as a whole. , because as it is now, many of the young people have changed completely, from the dress, the walking, the standing, the talking and so on, which they have forgotten even their own. of the Traditional.
A short meeting was conducted by Shembha Lamare, Secretary of the Society, in the presence of RM Khlem, Rangbah Shnong Mynso-B, President VDP RM Lamin, Dawan Lyngdoh. MDC Mynsngat Khanduli Constituency as the chief guest, Kong Alma Myrchiang from the Social Welfare Department, Rangbah Shnong Mynso-B. MDC Dawan Lyngdoh in his speech urged the Society to continue this good work especially in the rural areas. to the country and the nation.
On receiving a tip about the whereabouts of the suspect, a team of Imphal West District Police and Manipur Police Commandos conducted a raid at a village at Mayang Imphal Road in Imphal West. District at 4 pm on Sunday.
“On behalf of the Government of Meghalaya, we would like to express our gratitude to the Government of Japan for supporting the Government of Meghalaya up to Rs 2000 crore on behalf of JICA for the construction of the Shillong – Dawki road and another road 127B. “It will connect Shillong-Nongstoin to Tura,” said Prestone.
Dickinson or Paddy are expected to be released on bail, so the court will divide their £90million estate.
The river is the source of life for the children of men.
“You have elected me and I have been able to bring the Block Office from Khliehriat to Wapung but after five months he has moved it to Lumshnong because he wants to elect the Congress candidate in that area. It is located in Sutnga Constituency.
To enforce the rules announced by the government, all the villagers in East Jaintia Hills District including children have been directed to wear masks at all times and to wash their hands thoroughly at all times. , social distancing and avoiding crowded places.
I would also like to thank the district authorities, the MSOA and the Sport Association who have worked together to make this tournament a success.
“This shows that almost everyone goes to vote or is reluctant to come to the market because they doubt that there is no market,” said Kong, who sells kwai in Motphran.
Many suspected and spoke against Moses and the other leaders, asking one another and even asking Moses, Moses! Where shall I go? To freedom or to death? And the children of Israel murmured against Moses, and said unto Moses, Is there no grave in Egypt? Have you brought us out into this wilderness to die? ... We told you not to harm us and to let us be slaves to the Egyptians.
Since the beginning of the war on Sunday, Israel has shelled Gaza and other Palestinian territories hundreds of times and Hamas has fired more than 3,100 rockets at Israel. .
“The people of the constituency should be surprised because they have seen any leader or MLA who is in the MDA government and trying to oppose the decision. of the Government of which he has been appointed Co Chairman"
The MFA launched the Golden Baby League in 2018, and the All India Football Federation has been implementing the project across India.
On the joining of MLAs to the party, Sangma said, “To confirm that he will be the State President, and he has already informed that many MLAs will join the NPP soon”.
This leads to what is called “civil death” or people live in the country but can no longer get their rights because they cannot identify and prove themselves.
The government has also done what is necessary for the youth to have an interest in sports,” said Bah Warji.
This earns trust from our people.
In a tweet, GP Singh said that Assam police have left for Delhi to find ways and means to punish UK Vanlalvena, MP. the Rajya Sabha, Mizoram.
Before the opening ceremony, Bah Banrteidor also inaugurated the construction of the stadium at a cost of T.64 lakh from the State Sports Council, Meghalaya.
In West Khasi Hills there are many other sports festivals organized by clubs, private individuals and government offices for the youth of the district for the benefit of many in their lives. but the buskit is not enough.
It is also every five years that our leaders stand before us the people to be judged and to give an account of what they have done during these five years since they were elected.
In the presence of National General Secretary of the party, Rituraj Sinha, BJP spokesperson in Assam, Pramod Swami, Secretary incharge of the party, Pramod Swami, Secretary incharge of the party. BJP Meghalaya President M Chubao, AL Hek MLA from Pynthorumkhrah Constituency and other party office bearers in the state.
She also alleged that they are misleading the people by collecting taxes from the poor at the rate of T.30 tyngka per day from the vendors and also collecting money from the vehicles entering and leaving the area. to Lum.
An inquiry should be launched immediately by the Head of State into this incident especially how these women were taken to the police station,” said NCPCR member Yogesh Dube.
The Land Port is located in West Jaintia Hills, 55 km from the District Headquarters, Jowai and 84 km from Shillong, the capital of Meghalaya and a popular tourist destination in the country. in India.
Speaking to reporters, the President of the HNYF West Jaintia Hills Zone, Bah Wanbun Dkhar, said that yesterday, the leaders of the HNYF had met with the CEM of JHADC, Ma Thombor Shiwat. The CEM said that the District Council needs skilled and experienced people to work in this field.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Dr. Mukul Sangma, today told reporters after the Cabinet meeting that MeECL has already submitted its proposal to the government requesting to become the head of the MeECL. borrow from various financial institutions to build projects in the state.
The Meghalaya Games provide an opportunity for the athletes to showcase their skills and especially to have a sporting spirit with the cooperation of the state associations.
(The spiritual man is mad).
Even pharmacies and grocery stores were damaged in the blaze.
On the other hand, when asked whether the NPP will work with the BJP, Conrad said the party will go alone and will not work with anyone.
The head coach of the team, Igor Stimac, has selected 23 players for the nine-day tournament.
The ambulance was donated to the government by the Hans Foundation.
It was also complained that according to the Khasi Customary Law, the Khasi Custom Act, which takes the jait from the mother (kynthei), a person who belongs to that community is recognized by the Jaid Kmie.
He was in the world, and the world was made by him, and the world knew him not.
Speaking after the meeting, the MPCC President said the party will sit down to discuss the matter and find out the reason but he did not say whether it will punish them or not.
In the past 40 years, he has been training police officers around the Training Centers of the Meghalaya Police and has also given lectures on various issues in schools, colleges and other places. other de place.
Through these victories, both the teams are expecting to play well in the final so that they can reach the goal.
Furthermore, the ASHAs of the district said that the CBAC form for NCD screening has to be Xeroxed by themselves. ASHAs in other districts receive 10 tyngka per CBAC form, while ASHAs of this district receive only 6 tyngka per form. On the other hand, the ASHAs demanded that the government should show by its actions and not just by its words.
“Our candidates are Christians, the accusation of religious bigotry against the BJP is only an attempt to mislead the people,” he said.
A total of 119 teams of the Central Armed Police Force (CAPF) have been deployed in Meghalaya for the upcoming elections.
More than 1000 party supporters from all over the Khasi Hills came to take part in the party's meeting on the Sixth Schedule.
The Khasi Students Union (KSU) will broadcast live the final match of Santosh under the theme “Sarong ia la ki ki, that the nation will rise”. Trophy.
Shillong, Nailur 12 : The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong on Monday said that there is no intention to relocate the head office of the North Eastern Electric Power Corporation (NEEPCO) from Shillong to Guwahati.
Jowai, June 08: The 2nd Adelbert Laloo Memorial Trophy of the 3rd Division Football Tournament 2022 was held today. 1st of June at Kiang Nangbha Stadium, Jowai.
It may be recalled that it was the MLA of Mawlai Constituency, Bah Process T Sawkmie, who first urged the government to call for talks with the civil society, Rangbah Shnong including the Rangbah Shnong of Mukroh, religious leaders. to avoid increasing incidents as this is the examination time for students.
The pig farmers feed the pigs because they want to get a high price.
That is why Thomas said to those who saw the Lord, “Except I shall see in his hands the print of the nails, and put my finger into the print of the nails, and thrust my hand into his side; and put my hand into his side, and I will say unto him, I will not believe.
Social media platforms are one of the factors that can affect the minds of citizens.
Police opened fire when the crowd violated the curfew and turned straight to the residence of Pema Khandu, Chief Minister of the state.
Narendra Modi has also apologized to the people of the country for not being able to convince the farmers about the Act and said that the Act will be repealed this year. session of Parliament, which will be held soon.
The Minister promised to expedite the completion of the second phase of the CHC and to provide the necessary equipment and staff, ambulance and others.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Nongkrem constituency, Bah Dasakhiatbha Lamare on 3rd June, has filed his nomination papers before the Returning Officer of East Khasi Hills District for the 2023 elections to be held on 27th June. .
Of course, there will also be other educated faces who will talk about change, but no one understands what change they are talking about and these will fight under the supervision of the political parties that have been involved with them. unfounded and whose leaders are also unnecessary and backward.
MARSHALL S BIAM (IND) – 439.
On the decline in the number of cases in the state, the Minister congratulated the ASHA workers; He said that Tripura has 7,728 ASHA workers who have performed their duties to provide health services to the remotest areas of the state.
He said that he has not yet met with the Prime Minister and that is why he has spoken to the President of the NPP party where the President of the NPP has the same view on this decision. They decided to meet the Prime Minister and send for a review of this decision.
“Three years has been a long time, but a clear social plan has not been achieved to date and the Indian government is moving very slowly in this regard.
It is the worst wildfire in the United States, with 74 people losing their lives in Northern California.
He also urged all other armed groups in the state to choose a peaceful path with the State Government as well as with the Central Government and end this armed groups and violence. you have.
Secy HYC WKHD, the family members of these four men who were shot dead, the public and others.
However, on the 5th of last year, it extended its demand by demanding to increase the number of MDCs from 29 to
Here are some tips on how to protect and care for your eyes to avoid eye problems.
In the men's category, Batsrang A Sangma won the first prize, Witnar A Sangma second and Bethnar A Sangma third.
However, the peace that the Caesars spoke of or brought into the Kingdom was by violence, by imprisonment, by torture, by persecution and murder.
Surprisingly, Mukhap is the village of MLA Mowkaiaw, but the KSU has alleged that this village has been severely affected by the shortage of drinking water in the whole village.
He said that when his son started going to school, he was afraid of the noise and because of his behaviour, everyone in the family thought that he had been bullied by his classmates.
First of all, we must understand what a nation is and what we must do for the country and the nation.
The MHRC has given the Meghalaya government 30 members time to submit a full report on the incident.
Speaking one after another, these leaders of the HSPDP, said that this time the party will win in Ri Bhoi and from the witnesses who have a strong hope for now, they include Mawhati and Umsning Constituencies, because they have got enough people, in order to be like those candidates to contest in this 2023 election.
The President's appointment was made on the advice of the Governor, BS Koshyari and the reason is that no political party can form a government after the announcement of the The result of the MLA elections on 24th March 2019 is because the Shiv Sena has no longer wanted to work with its coalition partner, the BJP. The 5th of July is celebrated as the Day for the Protection of the Environment and its Environment.
The Bible is not a human book and not the book of John or Moses or Isaiah or the Apostle Paul, but they are only the writers of what God inspired them to do. It is said that in the beginning it was written only on parchment because there was no paper or pencil and it was placed well in clay tablets and God Himself wrote it. cared for them and obtained the Bible as it is today.
NPP leaders said that Ma Pala went to drink to congratulate Conrad Sangma, who has just won from South Tura.
The meeting was attended by Deputy Commissioners, Superintendents of Police and other senior government officials from Ri Bhoi and West Karbi Anglong.
Renikton said that in fact the CM has already allocated funds for the construction of this 100 km road and this road is very important, as it connects East Khasi Hills. and the South West Khasi Hills.
The Cabinet today approved the amendment of the Parliamentary Secretaries Amendment Ordinance.
At about 4 pm, a neighbor who used to visit them from time to time came to sit down.
At the same time, it was reported that three inspectors have been appointed across the constituencies including the inspector for the expenditure of candidates in this election.
He said that at present, the TMC is growing well with the participation of the people at various meetings of the party.
Besides the Pastors, Tymmen Basan and Rangbah Balang, the ceremony was attended by the MLA of Nongpoh, Bah Mayral Born Syiem and other elders of the area.
“We will work hard for the society in the state and we will be the pillars of development.
However, it is only that the MLAs, who are not from the NPP, have been elected by the people who have rejected the NPP candidates. the NPP candidate in this election.
On the construction of the road, Pyngrope said that the allocation of funds for the improvement of this road has already been allocated and some works are in progress.
The welcome ceremony was held at the hall of Syiem Jingsuk Amlarem on Thursday.
The President said that the party will conduct a check on vehicles entering from Jaintia Hills and has also sent to all the circles of the party, especially those on the border area of ​​Assam and Bangladesh to check the vehicles. He also directed the Presidents of the circle to inform the police if they find suspected mynder who do not have NRC or ID. to prove that they are Indian citizens.
Moses prayed and reminded God, saying – Remember thy servants Abraham, Isaac and Jacob.
Deputy Chief Minister : means the Deputy Chief Minister. The Deputy Chief Minister shall be lower in rank than the Chief Minister; the Minister shall be the Speaker of the Hima or State Legislative Assembly; The rangbah is the one who is strong and the head among the longsan.
The Meghalaya and Assam Fire Brigade were able to extinguish the blaze by 6 pm and it escaped from spreading to other shops.
Has the Congress Government of Meghalaya and the NPP agreed to implement the scheme in Khanapara? Or will Modi go across the border of War Jaintia or Shella, or outside India? There are also our women who are in high and honorable positions, but they are slow to show on important issues. ILP, the status of the Khasi language in the 8th Schedule, the Railway, the borders of Khasi-Jaintia, jobs for the youth, education, corruption. especially in the Government departments and such matters which should be joined hands, because of the Si-Kyrtong conflicts, the destruction of the environment and the death of the plant.
Jowai, Nailar 16: As part of the celebration of the 75th Independence Day, the Ramakrishna Secondary School, Nartiang, West Jaintia Hills District, today held a celebration.
Locking dancer Sandeep Sharma from Nirjuli in Arunachal Pradesh, Waacker Srilakshmi Muralidharan from Ahmedabad, Afro dancer Lamonlang Kharjana from Shillong, Popper Roshan Banerjee from Kolkata, House dancer Elvis Mascarenhas from Mumbai Verma and Sandeep Locking from Mumbai. and New Delhi.
In fact, the cost of this tournament was T.8.42 lakh, but we received T.5 lakh from the Sports Department.
From Langkyrdem, the party has elected Bah Rahbok Tynsong while from Nongshken, the party has elected Grace Kharpuri.
Of these, 1470 were school children, and 100 belonged to non-tribal communities.
Bah Suaim also mentioned the measures aimed at producing quality products, but acknowledged many challenges, such as the lack of markets and the quality of the products produced.
In this regard, the Hima Nonglang in collaboration with the HYC WKHD, through the General Secretary Samla Wanteibok Lyngdoh, have met with the Deputy Commissioner of West Khasi Hills, Bah Garod LSN Dykes. The DC said that he has directed the police to take the necessary action.
She said that after selecting the size of the soh, it will be transported to Mumbai for export to the UAE. Narwan is a village which is only a few kilometers away from Khliehriat. It is known throughout the Khasi Jaintia Hills.
On this occasion, the KSU Umiam Unit through Samla Markus Nongkhlaw has strongly condemned the MeECL department for its negligence, which has caused the loss of life and injured two others. The electrical sign has been falling on the ground for many months until the tragic incident.
“They sent a letter via Whatapp, saying that all the documents have been prepared and all that remains is to hand over to the Bangladesh Border Guard Force (BGB),” said Rijoy. He said that his son is still in the custody of Sherpur District Police.
Nongstoiñ, July 6: Sying is a crop that is popular among farmers in West Khasi Hills and grows well in remote areas such as the border villages with Assam. From Muliang to Nongtrai, about 80% of the residents live by cultivating sying and synsar.
Marak recalled that the state government has confirmed that the Football Stadium which is part of the Sports Complex has been completed and opened in November 2022, and can be used by the public.
Why do they want their own family and not others? One of the findings and facts is that if the husband wins the MLA election and the wife contests the MDC election, and if she wins, she will not dare to contest the next MLA election.
Other winners of the Miss Teens sub title include Genelia Dkhar for Miss Catwalk, Palei M. Chyne for Miss Talented, Gracie Nandy for Miss Personality and Denice Kharkongor. to Miss Photogenic.
Children have a special place in his life, to them he is a friend who is open to discussion and dialogue.
The UDP has nominated Ashahel D. Shira, MDC from Batabari constituency, which falls under Rajabala.
She sought answers on the rules for training of persons employed in De-addiction Centres; and to explain the operation of the Private De-addiction Centers including the collection of treatment fees, the recruitment of staff, counsellors, medical staff, the provision of food and drink and all the requirements of these Rehabilitation Centres. .
He said that only Conrad Sangma has been able to convince not only the Chief Minister of Assam but even the Minister of Home Affairs.
“Tenders have already been called for some parts,” said Prestone.
The festival was held at Madan Byrnihat in Ri Bhoi District. Umsning MLA Jason S. Mawlong was the chief guest and Jirang MLA Sosthenes Sohtun was the symbol. important.
He said that as the village headmen of the area, they demand that the government, especially the leaders, should provide the road from Noapara-Mawïamsyiem-Umthli to Kyrshai, so that dozens of people can The villages in the area will receive what they have longed for in order to improve the transportation and traffic.
Shillong: U Bah Vincent H Pala, MP from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency and recently appointed as the newly appointed President of the MPCC, has accused the government of The National People's Party (NPP) has said that it will appoint Prestone Tynsong as the Symbud Myntri Rangbah of the State. The President of the National People's Party (NPP) Meghalaya, Dr WR Kharlukhi on Tuesday said that Bah Vincent H Pala has just assumed the post of President of the party. office is still in these few days, so he should be allowed to look at the files related to this and after about two or three months they will discuss this issue. .
He said that these seven organizations had planned to hold a protest on the 8th on the day of the opening of the SHG Mela by the Prime Minister, but as he refused to come, these seven organizations also canceled the protest.
Shillong, Lber 17: The ethnic parties under the same umbrella in the KHADC, have had differences of opinion in the MP election 2014 and have not been able to nominate a joint candidate for all three parties. The HSPDP and KHNAM support Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit while the UDP supports Paul Lyngdoh.
He added that the others had no information.
On the occasion, it was learned that the residents of the village shot and beat the man but he managed to escape.
K.Hahshah together with members of Mawlai Mawroh Unit, have arrested 35 mynder without proper documents and the unit has immediately suspended them. The union will not allow the mynder to come and work on the border of Mawlai Mawroh and Bri U. Hynniewtrep as a whole does not have adequate documents.
“It will not be my decision, it is the MLAs in the MDA government who can take a decision because they are the ones who elected me as the leader of this government,” said Conrad. He said this in response to a demand by BJP MDC from Tura Bernard Marak that the Chief Minister should hand over the CBI investigation into the collapse of the Dome of the new Assembly or he should resign as Chief Minister. .
Nongtyngur is a village in Pynursla District.
Referring to the RTI requested by the HYC, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah said, “They (HYC) have considered everything, they have also gone to the office of the Director of Distribution and at the table. ladep showed them all.
He said that this school is very important in such a place where they are like a shlem of information for the young children and he said that he is also proud of the teachers who are Those who are willing to help in distributing their education to the children, even if he himself has not yet accepted, he has not been able to donate anything to this school, but after he learned that this school has many needs, so on his part, he created the means.
Steveford Marwein, MCS, has been transferred and appointed as Assistant Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District, Shillong.
Moonlight Ktung, President of the 12th Daloi, spoke on the theme “Religion is the foundation”.
The Government has also prepared SOPs after receiving permission from the Government under the Mines and Regulation Act 1975 to mine coal in accordance with the rules of law.
The party, which had two MLAs in 2018, will have to go to the 2023 elections without an MLA after two of its MLAs, Samlin Malngiang and Renikton L Tongkhar, have resigned. that party.
The Union would like to express its gratitude to the Dorbar Shnongs across the country who have worked hard together with the government authorities to provide peace to the people in a small way especially in supporting the lock down rules of the government to curb the spread of the disease.
Superintendent of Police, East Jaintia Hills District, Jagpal Singh Dhanoa, in a statement sent to the media, said that the police have conducted a thorough investigation and follow-up in connection with the case. Jehangir Alom from Lakhimpur was arrested on the 30th of this month and brought to Khliehriat Police Station for trial.
“Our leaders have promised a Smart City, a Model Town, but what they have done has been about the garbage dump in Jowai,” he said.
Prestone said this is not the first time that the opposition leader has contested from two constituencies but in 2018 he had contested from two constituencies and after winning he had to. leaving one name is not in accordance with the Constitution of India.
On the other hand, YC Modi in his short speech on the occasion expressed his deep sorrow over the loss of this hero.
Shillong, Jymmang 16: Six Garo youths have been arrested for drinking alcohol at their home in Lumshngain Rynjah this morning.
“This shows that many in the constituencies do not agree with the UDP's promise to amend the reservation policy.
The FKJGP Malki Circle has also demanded that the police should work hard to arrest these four criminals.
BJP MLA from South Shillong Sanbor Shullai said that up to 30 percent of the BJP supporters refused to vote in the recent Lok Sabha elections due to anger over the party's failure. to nominate a candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Seat.
“Why doesn't the police department or the law enforcement agencies do anything against those policemen involved in the bomb and tied of the students of Kiang Nangbah Govt College especially those in uniform? “It is something that we cannot escape, of course we cannot say that there is a law on accidents but to prosecute them under the law of attempted murder is unacceptable,” said the statement.
State Secretary MBS&G Shillong as the chief guest in the presence of Saramai Tariang, District Commissioner, Guides West Jaintia Hills who was the chairman of the meeting. Jt.
Poor network in rural areas: This is also one of the reasons why some parents who actively support sending their children to school in rural areas find it difficult to support them because of the lack of schooling of their children.
Guwahati: The Gauhati High Court today ordered that all curfews and road blockades in the state be considered illegal.
This nitrogen, when combined with other organic matter, can become food for plants.
Agreas Chamcham Sangma took two wickets for 51 runs while Bipin Kumar Ray took two wickets for 63 runs after 24 overs.
Does the Government see these problems of the farmers or to think separately to look after the market, because other food and beverages imported from abroad are gold, while the The agricultural products produced by the farmers of the state are no longer suitable for silver.
When they plan to build places of worship like churches, temples, mosques... they do benami.
These include EGH: 18, EJH: 24, EKH: 195, NGH: 9, RBD: 30, SGH: 10, SWGH: 8, SWKH: 24, WGH: 97, WJH: 89 and WKH:
It is not known whether many people do not like these laws but how can they do so because the authority does not exist.
Shillong College has qualified for the final of the 10-day tournament after failing to lose in all its matches which started on the 21st of this month. They beat St. Edmund's College Shillong 6-1 in the semi-final.
The Mawlasnai Football Association (MFA) on Tuesday inaugurated the EC Mawlong Memorial Football Trophy 2023, the biggest football tournament in the region.
They must also be far-sighted, far-sighted and intelligent.
The order of the Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills to close all shops in Shillong before 10 pm has angered the food vendors especially those in Khyndailad.
Friends, my brain is like a parachute.
Erwin said that initially when Nikhla joined the department, the employees did not understand the purpose of the department, but within six months, the “She has done many things according to her position but the officer who was willing to do what is right has been dismissed,” said Erwin K Sutnga.
Jethmalani will be cremated this evening at the crematorium on Lodhi Road.
Thus she greatly disappointed the people.
“The Indian Forest Act 1927 has not come into force in Meghalaya except in some areas which do not fall under the Sixth Schedule and we would like to invite the JHADC and GHADC to sit in a meeting to send the “I have only one petition to the state government or the central government,” said Victor.
The germs are inside our bodies and sometimes we don't know they are there, but sometimes you can see the germs in your toilets or feet.
At this time, death has fled and is no longer there, even though people want to die.
Speaking on the history of Phan Nonglait's life and her great deeds in the struggle for independence against the British government, Bah Wilfred Nongsiej spoke on her concern about the violence against women and children. He also urged all those who witnessed this program to draw inspiration from the brave deeds of Ka Phan Nonglait by preserving the culture and traditions and to stand against any acts of violence against women.
The winner of these matches will play in the third semifinal (qualifier 2) between the loser of the first semifinal and the winner of the eliminator.
After they had eaten, they took part in shouting, “Crucify him, crucify him!
The District Magistrate, Khliehriat District, has imposed Section 144 CrPC on the India-Bangladesh border.
Welcoming these supporters, Bah Bindo M Lanong, said that the UDP is a party in the state as a whole and not only for the Khasi people. It is a party that has a presence in all parts of the state.
Also present on the occasion were Assistant Education KSU Shalkitbok Kharbani, Organizing Secretary of SWKHD, Marcony Thongni, President of Ranikor Circle, Village Ministers and other dignitaries.
Besides the intrusion of street vendors, even those who own their own shops are struggling to spread their goods beyond the boundaries of their shops or shops.
The cost of starting a pig farm is also much lower than other livestock farming activities.
This incident should also be a warning to many villages in Khasi and Jaintia Hills and Garo Hills to find places in advance for the disposal of garbage. which comes from the households of the residents as the expenditure of the residents and households is increasing day by day.
We remember that the BJP has been clever enough to shake hands with Congress leader Rahul Gandhi as the Syiem who has just taken over from Jawaharlal Nehru, Indira Gandhi and Rajiv Gandhi. It is necessary to work hard like other politicians to reach the goal of becoming a great man.
These difficulties have affected her from the ability to walk, stand, see, speak and even eat.
How sad the patients are and if others know that he/she has this disease how much it affects the feelings of these patients.
The ruling GHPA in GHADC, including the NPP, GNC and BJP and civil society groups in Garo Hills have expressed their satisfaction with Rijiju's decision not to enact the AFSPA in Garo Hills.
According to the Draft Constitution of India, the Sixth Schedule states that the Khasi & Jaintia Hills District is one of the Autonomous Districts within Assam.
Speaking to media, Conrad said that what is decided is one, because they have understood and appreciated the part that should be clarified and explained, although there are also doubts.
Shillong, Lber, 03: The Assam Tribal Christian Coordination Committee (ATCCC) has requested the Assam government to reconsider the provisions of the Assam Healing Practices Bill, ", which was introduced in the Assam Legislative Assembly on 21st June, 2024 by the Minister of Parliamentary Affairs of the Government of Pijus Hazarika on behalf of the Chief Minister of Assam Dr. Himanta Biswa Sarma.
Two persons inside the truck were killed in the incident.
He said the VPP should first consult with lawyers who are skilled in the constitution to help them explain the articles and provisions of the constitution regarding their demands.
They said that the new bill light will affect the people in all aspects as the bill light will increase from month to month according to the price. the Company.
Bishop Ferdinand Dkhar, before concluding his speech, said that if there has been any difference in the past 100 years, as we enter the second century, so it will be resolved. whatever obstacles you may face and work together.
Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit, Interim President of the Seng Kur of Meisin and its children, said in a statement issued today by Pastor PBM Basaiawmoit. the Kurbah, the Majaw, the Basaiawmoit, the Hynniewtrep, the Khongji, the Syngcli, the Peinlang Priest and the branches.
Agricultural products were exhibited from different villages of three blocks in West Jaintia Hills including Laskeiñ, Thadlaskeiñ and Amlarem Block.
They unanimously decided to set up a committee known as the National Law School, Demand Committee Jaintia Hills which includes all the members of the EC of the Society, two members from JSU, JSM, FKJGP, KSU Jaintia Hills, President and Secretary of the Union of Village Elders of Jowai, SK Lato, Chel Singh Langi, Damehiwot Pde, Philanderwel Lyngdoh, H.K. .Toi and Dr. Phervision Nongtdu.
This government has not done anything, there is no Medical College, no proper roads, no health facilities and no development works but only corruption,” she added.
Jowai, Naitung 27: U MLA of Jowai Constituency 2, Wailadmiki Shylla today handed over Rs. 10 lakh to the Jowai Career Coaching Center (JCCC) Jowai as part of the efforts to help the youth of the country. Jaintia Hills and to encourage them to prepare for various job examinations like UPSC, MPSC, DSC, SSC, Banking and others.
If the Deputy Commissioner says that it is illegal to have EPIC in two states and that one person can vote in two places, they will undoubtedly have to be imprisoned.
“We want to talk to these political parties who have ruled us especially in the last three years,” said Bah Ardent.
Shillong, Jymmang, 09: The Congress on Friday released the list of 40 leading speakers for the Assembly elections including party leaders Mallikarjun Kharge, Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Priyanka Gandhi Vadra and Mukul Sangma.
Rikynti Marwein, Editor of the Highland Post, an English newspaper published in Shillong, wrote on her Facebook page to tell how she is fighting the corona virus.
The JCMDA leader , Balios Swer , said that the Association has taken many measures and the state government has tried hard to request the NGT to remove the This decision has affected the income of tens of thousands of residents of Jaintia Hills.
But the sad thing is that he too wants a leader, that one too.
Who has the power to build them? I don’t really need to explain too much.
Nongpoh, November 02 : U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma today inaugurated the Primary Health Center in Marmaiñ Constituency which has been laid the foundation stone since 2006 to upgrade the Primary Health Center in Nongpoh Constituency. On the same day, the GNM School of Nursing was inaugurated at Pahamsyiem to make it easier for the students of Nursing to go to the hospital. they are far away.
Speaking to media, u Bah Paul said that the passes to drive from this place will be issued only to the residents of these areas but other than that these places will be used as a road to pass through. person.
“Home Minister Amit Shah has talked to various states in the North East and has prepared his homework on this issue and this will happen after the 2021 elections,” Sarma said. .
Home Minister Amit Shah today said in the Lok Sabha that Farooq Abdullah is at home and can walk and stand as he pleases.
With the growth of the world's population in terms of income after World War II and the improvements in transportation and air routes, the world tourism industry has gained ground. not clearly as a theme or part of work in the countries of the world.
The village said that the robbers had come and shot the fish with drugs and shun.
Nongpoh: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in Ri Bhoi District, on Tuesday said that the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) in Ri Bhoi District, has expressed its deep sorrow over the spread of rumors which has caused a clash between the Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) leaders. NRAO&DA), which happened on the 27th of last month.
The followers of this idea may be fellow countrymen, paradoh, parasnam or they may be foreign officials or they may be Syiems, Ministers or Leaders of the People.
Shillong, Nailur 25: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills, Bah Mariahom Kharkrang, on Tuesday said that the police have acted slowly because they believe that the groups that planned to stage the protest are women. .
The President of JSM, Western Region, Bah N.Ribok Biam, said that for two months, the Government has not been able to remove the gate of KAAC and the Government of Assam will not own the Khanduli village. the weakness of the Government.
(2) glory is also manifested through miraculous events and great deeds.
The people have to choose whom they want to give the 'Bor'
Josper S Dura, Nongshken, EKHI heard about a woman who used to put a box in her kitchen.
“As the organization, we cannot understand how the seeds die in these poly houses, which are specially built and equipped with lights, forgers, boxes, drips and fertilizers. and various medicines, although there are dead, but there should be survivors, but as found at the place, it was found that all the dead plain and not a single one was found. “This has raised doubts in the party whether it is because they didn't appoint,” said Bah Kharnaior.
This is the way to open for these people when they make it clear that they have reached the end of the road.
The NDA presidential candidate Droupadi Murmu received more than 50 percent of the vote and thus won the election as the 15th President of India.
Answering a question, Kong Lyngdoh said that the workers who come to the state in search of jobs are not covered by this Act.
Nongpoh, Naitung 09 : The Wildlife Crime Control Bureau (WCCB) Guwahati together with the Forest Police of Loharghat Forest Range, Assam have arrested two Khasi youths from Ri-Bhoi District. They were suspected to be involved in the smuggling of ivory during a raid on Friday at Umshru village in Ri-Bhoi.
He said that this project will strengthen the work of the state to empower young men and women between the ages of 10 to 19 years in all aspects whether they are in school. school until they learn to do their jobs.
The Chief Superintendent of Police said that the police have conducted a thorough search operation to arrest all the members of this new armed group across the state who have recruited members through social media.
On the other hand, there is also a goal to encourage the students to learn about science which is the development for the future of the youth in this age of science.
“We demand for the safety and security of our employees from officers to junior employees who work and serve in this state,” said BK Dutta, Deputy General Secretary of SBI-OA. He said that this is not the first time that the kidnapping of bank employees has been going on from time to time.
Therefore, the village has spent its own resources to clean up the trees, roads and to provide lights to this place so that tourists can climb this hill and many others. Tourists from these areas and even from Shillong have visited this mountain even though the roads are still rough and the ground on this mountain has been covered with clean plants. walk people.
“It is with a heavy heart that we announce the temporary suspension of the team of players.
[ba bteng]If you continue, Lord, give me eternal rest.
SKBUH has also prepared to screen a documentary film on the life of Bah Che.
Poverty is worst in rural areas.
He said the government will hold a meeting to ensure that the people of Upper Shillong are not affected by the high cost.
Hoping said that if the Government of India grants Naga State to Nagaland, Mizo to Mizoram, it should not be the same to grant Khasi-Jaintia State to Khasi State. Garo and Garoland should not rule themselves.
He said that at this time, there has been a change that the government has allowed to build projects to repair any works implemented under this scheme.
Sylvester Nongtnger, who is currently the SP of the Fire and Emergency Services Department, has returned as the SP of East Khasi Hills District after several months of dismissal.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 08: U Samla Albert Maring of Umdap Dumu village in Ri-Bhoi District has suggested that the state government should bring more development projects in the rural and border areas to avoid the congestion of the city. Shillong and surrounding areas that the government needs to turn to the rural areas to invest in many development projects.
On the other hand, the Sengkhihlang and the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi strongly condemn this robbery of these people who have lost the spirit of compassion for others. Rgh S. Sari, Publicity Secretary of the Sengkhihlang and the Seiñ Kyntu Seiñ Raij 12 Daloi, said that the police have urged the law enforcement agencies to investigate, arrest and punish these robbers according to the rules of law.
A memorial was erected by his family at Mawkyllei in
Mawkyrwat, Lber, 12: U Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA of Mawkyrwat Constituency on Saturday donated money to three shopkeepers who lost their lives in a fire. on October 9, 2023 at Dombah Market, Sakwang, South West Khasi Hills District.
She expressed her regret over the silence of the government until today.
“I would like to thank the owners of these 10 projects, who have decided to allocate land for these 10 projects, because without their cooperation and support, it is not easy for the PWD department to allocate funds for these projects” don't say.
They provide schemes and developments for the needs of the people in the constituency. How can we forget the work they have done?
“We are deeply saddened by the incident at Wah Swad, which has disrupted the Dorbar,” he said.
This flower will continue to bloom for about six months until spring.
In fact, there can be only one member but to ensure the protection of human rights, we have decided to appoint three members including two members,” he said.
They said that after the end of June, the government has announced again through the media that by July, the leaders of the Regional Committee will complete their visit to Langpih to inspect the area. to listen to the voice of the community.
He added that if the VC returns and removes the person, the talks will proceed as the list of demands of the JAC is long.
Batbitbha Bareh scored in the 5th and 59th minutes and Dakani Shylla in the 63rd minute.
The living God speaks now through the Holy Spirit.
Nongpoh: The Umsiang Border Area Development Committee (UBADC) has expressed its special congratulations to the MDA-2 government led by Conrad K. Sangma for its efforts to Raja Brahma, former BDO of Umsning Block, has been appointed as Project Director, DRDA in Ri Bhoi District.
Now we have to sell the goods in such a way that they can get the right price,” she said.
So far, 1,400 people have been evacuated by helicopter from the city; However, there are about 50 people who have been lying on the road near the hotel, where they have been shot and beheaded by ISIS militants. They provide clean air or oxygen to breathe and to absorb carbon dioxide to clean up the environment, the availability of fresh rainfall and be water sources to distribute drinking water and to agricultural fields, environmental comfort among many other many benefits.
From the Pair B.Synergy.
The heavy rainfall has also caused the Nonbah and Nondein rivers to rise suddenly and flood even the nearby villages.
These foreign traders have lodged a complaint after the government has asked for clarification to remove the market.
Mawkhiew said that on receiving information that the BLOs were verifying their names by staying at the house of the foreigner, the KSU members immediately rushed to the scene to stop them immediately. They also spoke to the DC by phone and he said that he will order the BLOs to enter the houses of the people.
! So she went and cleansed it.
(vi) hope in righteousness and truth.
Through these Rules, government employees have lost their Human Rights, Fundamental Rights as Indian citizens as guaranteed by the Indian Constitution and the Democracy in government employees has no meaning once they become government employees.
Many of the speakers who spoke at the meeting, urged the MLA of the area, Bah Prestone Tynsong, who was present at the meeting, to take action to resolve the issue. the people of the area were amazed.
The only way now is to proceed to inform the court that there is an Office Memorandum on the Reservation Roster.
In this regard, the union has lodged a petition with the Deputy Commissioner, Superintendent of Police and District School Education Officer since 8th November 2015 and demands from the authorities to suspend the Therefore, I would like to stop this forced transportation of school children because it puts the children in danger when they go to sell tickets because they have to cross the road from one side to the other.
The robbers took the vehicle from Shillong and when they reached Baihata they shot the driver and took the vehicle.
These include 291 cases in East Khasi Hills, 89 cases in West Garo Hills, 19 cases in Ri Bhoi, 8 cases in Eastern West Khasi Hills, 6 cases in South Garo Hills, 4 cases in West Jaintia Hills, 2 cases in West Jaintia Hills. .
Felix L Kyndiah scored 45 minutes.
“There are still many villages on the road from Nartiang to Sehlama and even to Namdong. It is through your MLA scheme that you have misled many”.
Angela Rangad, Avner Pariat, Mayborn Lyngdoh, George Lyngdoh and Himalaya Shampliang were also present.
Besides, these RSS volunteers also explained to the people to wear masks to protect themselves from this disease which has spread around the world and has taken thousands of lives.
Fifty thousand people who have given birth as you say, more than a thousand, who support and still intend to give birth, it is time for you too, to think again.
“On the other hand, the Myntri Rangbah has promised in front of the Seng that he will send for the review of the result of Engineer and that the result will be discussed with the relevant authorities so that such an incident will not happen. happen more later," the statement said.
Kalyan Chaubey said by the end of the South Asian Football Federation Cup (from July 21 to September 4) in Bengaluru, the national team will have to play 10 to 12 matches.
Bah Sanbor said that these schemes include the construction of beautification of the villages, the installation of electricity with LED Solar, the installation of CCTV and others.
It will also help to know that special articles on the life of Pope Francis were also published by one of the world's leading newspapers, TIME magazine, published in the USA on October 25, 2013 within six months of his assumption of the throne of Peter in the Vatican.
The party, which is based in the northern parts of Garo Hills, said that there are still many women from Garo Hills who have been excluded from the NRC list in Assam.
During these two trainings, Ms Pearly Mary Kurkalang, said that if the children in the middle of these trainings will receive a stipend starting from T.15 spah and higher, also in the skills of the children to sell many books by using the skills according to the training and after the children have completed these two trainings they will rise again. The students will receive a salary of T.6,000 per month and to complete the final training depends on their performance. They will receive the rank of manager with a salary of T.35,000 per month.
The BJP is a member of the NPP-led Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government, where talks are ongoing to elect a joint candidate from the party.
DPRO.To prevent the spread of COVID-19, the Government has directed the farmers to follow the following warnings: Garod LSN Dykes.
The Minister also talked to the students and answered several questions regarding the skills, unemployment and policies of the state government for the youth.
In order to ensure the smooth running of the operation, he said that the traffic police impose fines on those who violate the law and in the past four years, the total fine collected is T.3.7 crore or T.2 lakh in 2014, T.80 lakh in 2015, T.93 lakh in 2016 and T.81 lakh in
By Bah Philip Marweiñ About two months ago I wrote a little about the demand for Garoland State by the Garo people.
This method of seed storage requires electricity.
A complaint has been lodged at the Thoubal District Police Station.
All four deaths were from East Khasi Hills.
When the service was over twice, at about 4 o'clock, they sat down to drink.
Because of the river cleaning work I don't know how long it will take.
He said that the party will soon dissolve the old BJP Mawsynram Mandal and form a new one to strengthen the party after the leading leaders of Bah HM Shangpliang left the party TMC and He recently joined the BJP in Shillong along with former office bearers.
Since the implementation of the scheme on October 5, 2012, Kumar said that 5681 fish ponds have been able to produce fish and about 20,000 ponds are on the verge of being produced. to produce fish in the coming year
The UDP has set a new record by breaking the total number of votes Dr Donkupar has won in these years, which if counted all seven times, will be only 3857 votes as he has never won more than 1,000 votes in all the elections.
Shillong, Nailur 25: Shillong Police have arrested two persons identified as Lalrintluangi (40) and Elizabeth Numami (41). Champhai PS (Mizoram) for allegedly smuggling Yellow Cake, uranium weighing up to 1.5 kilos.
The robbers burnt down the truck at the office of the Ri-Bhoi District Congress Committee.
Mr. Gilbert Mawrie Sr., Resident Commissioner, Meghalaya House, New Delhi.
During the raid, the Enforcement Police found that many of the shops were owned by Muslims and Khasi shopkeepers.
They were arrested in the midst of the traffic jam in Jowai, when they went to register their names for Mr. Currentis Rabon accompanied by Mrs. Blessing Lamare.
Think about it.
The incident happened while they were cleaning their house.
Information was sought from Nongthymmai and Laitumkhrah areas where most of the people in these villages are government employees but it was said that in these areas the government employees are waiting for the decision of the Union of Village Authorities. Dr. Mukul Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, on the 10th of June.
He also strongly criticized the refusal of others to go to the District Council to protect the land but there is nothing in the Council and there is no law.
In addition, the government has also provided better equipment to prevent the infiltrators.
On the other hand, police have conducted a thorough search operation in Chokpot area to rescue the abducted BDO.
This is after former CEM Pynshngaiñ N Syiem came to support the Executive Committee led by HS Shylla.
The Government should enact laws to curb the cases of drug users.
He said the Legislative Assembly has benefited from the speeches of Presidents from Dr Rajendra Prasad, Dr Kalam to Ramnath Kovind to Droupadi Murmu.
Let us go wherever we go, from Khla to Thlen, from Thlen to Khla again, as the saying goes.
He said that if the district authorities do not take immediate action, the company's actions could lead to a tragic incident.
THE MARKET PRESENT AND IN THE PAST. The market now and in the past is as far apart as heaven and earth.
“According to the order of the High Court, due to the lack of a roster system, the recruitment in Meghalaya has not been going well and many of those who are eligible for jobs have been deprived of their rights and the lack of a roster system has caused “The Reservation Policy has been implemented and this has also led to discrimination during the appointment process,” said Georgeprince.
However, we talk about the whole world and forget what is most important and what can affect our health.
The Syiem Police immediately took the suspects to Lumdiengjri police station for further investigation.
The rebuilding of the Fourth Temple in Jerusalem will be a clear sign to the world that the great tribulation has begun worldwide.
Similarly, to wipe every tear from every eye is the goal of the government.
The program was inaugurated by T Bamon, HOD Physics Department.
Jowai: U Shemphang Lathong, on the 26th of this month, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 26th of this month, Jeral Suchiang has cut off the beard of Delina Suchiang.
Former Sordar of Langpih Swingly Samakha and SP Nongphud, one of the elders of the area, said that since the government has renewed the Chairman of the Regional Committee and She also announced that in June, the leader of the Regional Committee and members will visit the area to fulfill their duties. spirit and they began to feel comfortable.
As a young woman, Anne enjoyed music, dancing and skating.
The reason for the blockade was after traders from Assam were banned from entering and trading in Garo Hills.
However, those who oppose this government are every day while those who join the NPP are every hour, said Sniawbha.
Jowai, November 27: A 16-year-old girl named Mebalarica Hinge, daughter of C Rymbai, has gone missing from her home at 8:30pm on Friday.
He said MGNREGS is the most important scheme in the world to improve income and employment opportunities for the people in the rural areas.
However, the MLA said that as the name is Mawlai, the Block Office should be located in Mawlai and according to his understanding the government can choose Mawtawar to set up the Block Office after the dispute. which is stronger than Mawpath.
Out of this 7 lakh tyngka, 4 lakh tyngka was donated by Bah Teiborlang for the relief of the residents of Patarim Nongkwar. this is their Dong.
The Hindu newspaper reported that doctors had ordered Jogeswar Bora, a 42-year-old employee, to have his urine tested and he went to the testing centre. Chief Minister's Free Diagnostic Services, which has been open since June
On the 12th of November, the District authorities of East Jaintia Hills District have destroyed two illegal coke factories which were set up without the consent of the MPSCB.
The PMGSY scheme, which has been implemented since 2001, has been completed in the eighth phase at a cost of T.1078 crore on a length of 1747 km of roads and 483 villages have been targeted to be provided with roads.
He said that although the situation has improved, the government is still thinking carefully these days.
Do you want to go to European wards? This shows that the municipal is only the responsibility of the central government.
It is impossible to point fingers at anyone, but the changes have happened that at one time the Khasi people and others who have been involved for whatever reason have stopped raising the Lama Lairong in their own country. tnum house.
As part of the celebration of Olympic Day 2023, the office of the Meghalaya State Olympic Association (MSOA) will hold a running competition this year.
He died the same day at about 8:57 pm.
However, there is no one who cannot rule in the State.
On this occasion, BAM also distributed awards and gifts to the members of the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association (MAWA) who won the wrestling tournament held recently at Jammu & Kashmir and Mathura in Uttar Pradesh, as well as honoring its members who have won in boxing, boxing, weight-lifting and MMA. Speaking on the occasion, the President of BAM and MAWA, Bah Junestar Kharbuli, expressed his gratitude after the group has reached its 19th anniversary. my journey.
Mairang, Nailur, 20: The Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Eastern West Khasi Hills District, today announced that the ration shops have been distributed through the ration shops under the National Food Security Act also for the free rice under the PMGKAY scheme for the month of November,
It is often said that a person's character can be determined by the family he comes from.
The meeting was conducted by W Talang.
Perhaps KAM is trying in the same way to protect the rights of the people in society.
Shillong: The Superintendent of Police (SP) of East Khasi Hills District, Bah S Nongtnger, today informed the public that the visit of the President of India, Dropadi Murmu, to Shillong and Mawphlang Forest will be held on Tuesday. on July 16, 2024.
The leaders who are willing to advocate for the poor and the rich are not yet brave leaders.
These youths have escaped many temptations and evils especially from alcoholism and drug abuse.
There are no doctors who come to ask for money to buy medicines, books, school fees and other assistance.
The number of new cases in Maharashtra has risen to 17,400 today, bringing the total number of people undergoing treatment to more than 2 lakh and the death toll to 25,0
After the seizure of these vehicles, JNC members led by President Sambormi Lyngdoh and Environment Secretary Nini Sungoh visited Dalmia Cement Ltd in Thangskai and talked to the officials. In the discussion and review of the Guideline, the JNC has found that the company has violated other guidelines, in which it has not Adequate protection has been provided to the drivers of vehicles carrying heavy garbage.
On this occasion, the Barpeta Police Station has registered a case for further investigation and also for the arrest of the escaped robber. phet you said.
So far, 106 people have been arrested, Delhi police said.
It encourages and motivates us to stand up and write.
The Jews or Israelites cannot worship God outside their country, they cannot sing the song of Zion in a foreign country, that is their custom except in their own country because it is special.
The CM-CONNECT program has been developed in many languages ​​of which Khasi and Garo are the most recognized and will be launched in the next six months.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Deputy Chief Executive Member, Lasky Rymbai said that the funds to pay the salaries to the employees of the Council have almost arrived and he hopes that this month the Office will be able to pay the salaries. you are my worker.
These women said that the Sohtrun they sell are those they harvest from their own Sohtrun farms and some they buy from others.
You may think that her words or actions, hurt you or “many".
Earlier, the House had recognized UDP President Dr Donkupar Roy as the Leader of the Opposition.
Regarding the Speaker of the Assembly, the UDP should find a person as soon as possible as the Speaker's post belongs to the UDP according to the 2018 arrangement within the MDA. There is because he has been a longtime person who knows well about the work of the Assembly and because the MDA government will be safe under his umbrella when there are any political turmoil.
Due to the curfew, children and students are currently in dire need of food and drink because they don't have enough money and also because they don't have the opportunity to return to their villages.
However, it is up to the majority of the people after receiving the results to take a decision and approve.
With the understanding and foresight of what will happen in the district, several elders, such as Kmuin Manik, Syiem of Mylliem Hima, Bidor Singh, Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima, Rev JJM Nichols-Roy, Babu Wilson Reade and others sent a notice, dated 27-7-23 to all the Syiems, Ministers, Rulers and the people to attend the Dorbar to be held at Shillong from 4 to 6 September
The Portal has been designed in a simple manner for the public to use.
How do you drink bih first and then sdien in the tyllai to kill yourself? We remember that a few years ago, there was a young woman named Rosy Sangma who died in a hospital in Gurugram. Haryana.
Therefore, they struggle to deliver shyieng in the first and second months of October and during these times they also get to dig mawbynna such as mawlum and mawkhunkha.
And this is the greatest hunger.
The Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the meeting has approved to merge the Non-Plan with the Plan Budget following the path taken by the Central Government.
Regional Committees of five members from both the states were also set up headed by Cabinet Ministers and officers and may also include regional leaders, political parties and the report will be summarized. within 30 days.
At this meeting, the President of the KSU sought a clear answer from the Central and State Governments on the demand for the implementation of the Inner Line Permit (ILP) in the state.
Therefore, he said, it needs to be revamped.
Bishop P. Lyngdoh, Vice President Naba Bhattacharjee, Secretary Fr Richard Majaw, Jt.
I've heard only the old songs of my heart.
KYKWM has found that the spread of garbage in the areas of the riat, Thomas Jones Road which will fall into the streams which will reach the Myntwa to Myntdu River in Pynthorwah. .
The Assembly today 19.12.2019 should have strongly criticized the BJP Government for suddenly withdrawing from Garo Hills, Khasi and Jaintia Hills, at a time when Meghalaya as a whole has been in turmoil. The House should have demanded that the MDA Government should leave the NDA yesterday.
The union also urged the Dy.Chief Minister to allocate special funds for the mushroom mission to implement the mushroom cultivation project in the state.
Their teachers are also old, who have studied only in class-X. But if she doesn't accept, we can't do anything.
The Election Committee, headed by Bah Rocky Kylla as Chairman, conducted the election of these Rangbah Shnongs, who fall under the Umsning Town Durbar for the fifth term. Also present were Bah K. Langstieh, Minister of Mylliem Hima, Pa'iem BS Syiem, Chief of Raid Mawbuh, Bah Anthony Makdoh, Chairman of Umsning Town Durbar and many other elders of the area.
They include seven BSF personnel, four civilians at Churaibari Gate, two drivers and two who had just returned from Guwahati, Deb said.
The heat of the sun has caused the forests to wither.
He said that according to the Trade Union Act, jobs cannot be transferred while in crisis and the demand of the union is that jobs should not be transferred outside the district, because people from the same district can understand. The needs of the owners of the land such as the language, the nature of the place to quickly reach the place where they are because they are the owners of the village, but to a foreign village until they understand the nature of the place. but the sorrow.
The two-day festival is organized by the Asian Confluence, India, East Asia Centre, Shillong in collaboration with the Government of Meghalaya in collaboration with the Maulana Abul Institute of Asian Studies.
Nongpoh, Lber 30: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) Ri Bhoi District on Tuesday visited the rural areas to distribute assistance to school children from low income families. to promote education in Ri Bhoi District.
The date and time of the arrival of the Polling Officers for the polling will be notified to all those who have applied for Postal Ballot to the Returning Officer of the Assembly Constituency.
The CAA 2019 has not taken into account the realities of life in the border areas between Meghalaya and Bangladesh and in the North Eastern States bordering countries like Bangladesh, Myanmar, China and Bhutan.
However, as soon as the second half started, Mookbu struck Kyortyrkhang strongly and scored many balls.
The opening of this center will also be different as it comes at a time when the state has been suffering from violence against women and children especially the involvement of government officials.
It is also prohibited to hold public marches within 200 meters of the Meghalaya Secretariat and Raj Bhavan.
On the other hand, the KSU Arphewmer Circle through its President, Bah Prince Sylliang, said that the KSU also supports the Dorbar Shnoing on these disrespects of the company to the village authority. Even though the NOC has expired and the Company has not taken action to renew it, which is a violation of the Village Authority.
Coca-Cola's Cristiano Ronaldo has lost $4 billion or Rs 29,000 crore, he said in a statement to the media on Tuesday.
Shillong: U Bah PN Syiem, founder and leader of the People's Democratic Party (PDF), today joined the National People's Democratic Party (NPP) along with many leaders of the PDF Mawsynram Block. President, Secretary, Women and youth office bearers of the party.
Shillong: The Sohra Taxi Owners Association (STA) on Saturday celebrated its 25th Silver Jubilee at Mawmihthied.
NEC Secretary K. Moses Chalai said the Government of India is working to accelerate the development of tourism in the North East.
The Rot Association of Meghalaya, the Union of Prostitutes and Prostitutes invites you all to join hands and participate in the march on the 1st of June, 2021 at 12 noon from Mawïong Rim to Nongmynsong where the union will explain its position.
Maharashtra has the highest number of cases, followed by Tamil Nadu and Delhi.
In another match of the day, the match between Laitlyngkot SC and Nongkrem SC ended in a draw, after no one could score until the end.
The Chief Secretary in charge of PWD (Roads) Prestone Tynsong, on 15th June, has directed the district authorities of East Khasi Hills to provide An FIR has been lodged in connection with the earthquake in Rngaiñ.
Sokon went to Bhalang's house for a long time.
The Children of Hynniewtrep today 23rd November, 2023 celebrated the 124th Anniversary of the Seng Khasi.
He was also arrested with her and a rifle.
People don't want to take life and look after the human soul just to satisfy themselves.
One of the land owners who spoke on behalf of Synjadmai Khongsdam said that there are 12 land owners from Nohwet and all these 12 land owners have accepted the decision of the government and left the meeting. for they felt that there was no need for them to speak much.
The Mawlai Youth Association and others also participated in the cleanliness drive.
On the consumption of beef and pork, Kong Ampareen said that there are diseases that have been found by government departments to contain such diseases in those meats that are commonly eaten. residents of the state.
Jowai, July 16: The Union of Waheh Chnongs of Jaintia Hills (SWCRJ) has urged all the residents of East & West Jaintia Hills to be wise in electing their leaders. The MLA Election 2023 will not be based on money so that it will be a clean and transparent election.
Another thing that I would like to suggest is that – God in our hearts, has clothed us with the Spirit; ka ksaw-bok – sitting in the body of a man or a woman, according to the traditional Khasi thought.
They come seasonally, regardless of rain, wind, cold and heat.
Speaking on the occasion, the Taliban Minister said it is true that the people demand justice because God and the Prophet have already shared human rights. of each other and thus no one shall be able to violate their rights.
Shillong: Miani D Shira, MLA from Ampati, has been elected as the Working President of the Meghalaya Women's Congress (MWC) today.
The RBYF has sought information from the office of the Deputy Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District on the allocation of funds allocated for the implementation of this scheme, the names of the villages and households who have been able to tan electricity and also those households who have not yet been able to tan electricity as allocated under the scheme.
On this occasion, the roads of Nongstoiñ were filled with supporters of various political parties along with flags which came to block the roads of Nongstoiñ one after another. Political parties according to the position of their candidate has been able to rise to preach to the people.
This law will come into force on 20th July
The part of the film in Mawngap, is when he and his sister, Nakiwanda, were going to buy medicine, when the gangs came and attacked his sister, led by a bus. Gang, Daniel Wahlang and this is where it came to the shooting of the actor and these gangs.
We also need to know where they get the coal to run the factories because the illegal mining of coal has been in force until June
If it is true that those MDCs have changed their minds or changed their minds as written in the newspapers, that is not good.
In the first leg of the 2022 Open, PHE beat Seinpynbhalang Sahsniang 7-0
(a) U Maw Synrang ka lang (ne) Synrang Ka lang :- This Synrang is located to the east of the village. Krem – Why is it called Synrang Kalang Synrang :- The meaning of a shelter to escape from the rain and wind as well as from danger KALANG – The blang because the blang is hiding there is therefore synrang is the meaning of the hiding place of the blang. The ancient story says that once upon a time there was a wild beast as big as a khla. she went to the village to slaughter the animals like cows and pigs and went back to her farm.
In addition, in 2018, the Legislative Assembly passed a resolution to recognize the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in Article 10 of the Constitution of India.
U/P & RMSA School beat Amwi H/S School, Thangbuli 4-3 in the tie-breaker.
The vehicle was named '29' because there were 29 people involved in the construction of the vehicle.
The activities of this research institute will be aimed at contributing to the economic development of the state.
To the tens of thousands of faithful of the Catholic Church of Garo Hills, the 5th of November is a day to remember in their souls and minds as it is a day of thanksgiving to God for the coming of the Garo Hills. The first Catholic Church in the Tura Diocese was established in
Shillong: The Khasi Hills District Council (KSU) South West Khasi Hills District has sent a complaint to the Deputy Commissioner (KSU) to criticize the delay in the distribution of food items in the district under the scheme. PMGKAY and all ration items.
On the other hand, the Acting Rangbah Shnong has requested that if any Sengbhalang comes to collect money from these areas, they should pass through the village first.
God sees us now as we are and what kind of people we are.
The Khasi Students' Union (KSU) Laban Circle has vowed to close down the Karbi Hemtun Guest House if the Karbi people and the Assam Government continue to cross the border. illegal and to harass the Khasi-Pnar people living in West Jaintia Hills District.
Members of the HYC Nongpoh Circle, during the inspection, found that there were about 3 foreigners from Morigoan Assam, working in the area, but these foreigners had illegally entered the area. The Screening Center is located at 13mer in Byrnihat.
Therefore, the NSUI urges the relevant authorities to look into this issue as it affects the future of many students of Meghalaya.
Chapter 6.1 – the Tree of Life, the Tree of Life, the Tree of Life.
Bishop Ferrando replied, “Where shall we go, what will the Christians do if we flee?
They also decided to give him only forty-five hours to stop and if he cannot stop, they will not hesitate to take other more stringent measures, no matter if it reaches any limit and if anything happens. but the princes and the people shall not bear their iniquity.
Rophul has joined the Congress party along with Kenadik S Marak (Rongara) and Dr Saljagringgrang Marak, another candidate from Baghmara.
The Langdoh will perform the Knia in the presence of the Waheh Sankur Sankmai and the Saikhrong Sai Kynsha of the Seiñriij Mukhla.
Regarding the bank of Namdong village which includes from Mynsngat to Sanaro, there should be banks in these areas to make it easier for the people of this area to save money especially in this age. which requires everyone to have a bank passbook for their needs but all these have stopped only in talks without reaching anywhere this has deprived the people of this area. we.
“Our collaboration with IIT Guwahati will bring about a closer relationship especially in conducting research in the field of Nanotechnology and open the door for other opportunities for One of the main parts of the MoU is to conduct Short-Term Courses and Training Programs through the INUP-i2i program and these courses will be developed to improve the quality of education. to develop the skills and knowledge of teachers and students and to enable them to explore the fields of Nanotechnology.
The Sengbhalang said that besides threatening the Waheh Shnongs to join any Sengbhalang, he violates the freedom of the villagers and therefore demanded that he should be severely punished. such as legal rules.
The same will happen in Nongkrem where the contest will be between three candidates, the UDP candidate against the MLA of Mawhati, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare and Bah Ardent Miller Basaïawmoit from Mawhati. if the Voice of the People's Party.
However, if we don't know how to use it, it will turn us away.
However, the team has continued to win in Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Assam, Andhra Pradesh, Bengal and finally in Railways.
Until his death, he was still the Rangbah Shnong of Dawki.
At the same time, the Khasi people are like giving seeds to the soil, instead of giving seeds to the seeds, as an example of plants, when you plant any plant, you will grow a plant. of the seed belonging to that very plant according to the seed itself and not by any other.
He said that the Transport Department has deployed Enforcement Inspectors and police to check the movement of trucks and to arrest those who carry more than 20 tonnes including the weight of the truck. car.
I appreciate the tireless work of Chief Superintendent of Police LR Bishnoi and his team.
Home Minister Amit Shah today announced in the Rajya Sabha that the Government of India has decided to repeal Article 370 of the Constitution, which provides for a special right to of Jammu and Kashmir.
The MSOA looks forward to the celebration of the International Olympic Day.
Messi has also won the Ballon d'Or nine times.
Also present on the occasion were the elders, women and youth of the area as well as the former and current office bearers of the Association.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Kison Dkhar Secretary Shnong said that the reason for the closure of the dewbilat factory is that it has violated the rules and regulations of the village especially in the village. appointment of the youth of the village.
In the jurisdictions, it shall be the responsibility of the Deputy Commissioners of the Districts to supervise and arrange.
There was also a demonstration of treatment methods with explanations by these doctors and children with disabilities at Star Public School.
XCO Youth, XCO Junior, XCO Elite, XCO Women Open Category and Down Hills Open were held on the day with 61 participants from all over Meghalaya.
He said that if there are no political parties, there is no nation.
When reading from the Bible 2 Chronicles chapter 7:16, this also raises the question, when the church is closed, who is closed?
Speaking on the occasion, John Kharshiing recalled that this is the biggest Meghalaya Games, which started with six sports in 2001 and four in 2004 and one in The tournament has not been held for seven years until 2020 after the government decided to revive the tournament.
In fact, the Prebyterian Church should not allow those who take advantage of what the Missionary himself has worked hard for.
Standing up to answer, the Prime Minister, Conrad K Sangma, asked Bah Adelbert whether he can name all the 12 places and asked him how many times he has visited the these bags....
The body was found by garbage collectors and garbage truck drivers while they were walking around Mawpat village to collect the garbage brought by the villagers.
“Not only the problem with CUET, but it will also be for the benefit of our students.
Mr Peter David Rynjah, resident of Laitlyting, Lyngkyrdem, passed away on 18-03-2021 and the funeral service will be held on 20-3-2021 at the Presbyterian Church. , Lyngkyrdem, at 2.00 PM. To the Village Authorities, Honorable Authorities, Electricity is one of the basic needs of the villagers and is an essential commodity.
After a clash with the BSF, the robbers fled the scene by taking advantage of the rugged forest areas by leaving behind these clothes.
“After the retirement of Lalnunmawia Chuaungo, as Chief Secretary, from the Gujarat cadre, I have requested that the Additional Chief Secretary, JC Ramthanga, from the Manipur cadre, should be the new Chief Secretary. The Ministry of Home Affairs has appointed Renu Sharma as the new Chief Secretary, Zoramthanga said in a letter to Amit Shah.
Therefore, in any war, there are no winners because even those who claim to have won have lost many things, especially human lives, and the most tragic is the loss of innocent people. -lui, children, women and mothers.
Besides, the work and legal knowledge are the tools in the hands of Bah Robert Kharjahrin to advocate in the Supreme Court in New Delhi.
Shillong, Jymmang 1: The MPUF-CGB, after receiving a complaint from the residents, has decided to close a shop which has sold more than the price. bran bran to investigate along with the cash memos received from the public.
Before the birth of his daughter, Mukesh Ambani, the world's richest man, held a special 'Anna Seva' in which he fed 5,100 people. Many of them are physically challenged and the treatment is for three days.
The writings of Christian extremists on the 1948 war and the subsequent conflicts are only partial or partial, do not tell the truth about how much the Palestinians suffered, lost their lives and especially how they heard about the violence of the land of Israel.
The school was operated by a foreign company, Larsen & Toubro Ltd.
The Minister also acknowledged that the post of MDC is not an office of profit as the District Council is an autonomous body. for she desireth that all things should go well, and that there should be no confusion.
JOWAI: A sudden fire broke out in a house at Diengthare, Moodymmai near Mookyndur village, West Jaintia Hills this morning.
“We will temporarily suspend the strike and wait for 30 days as requested by the government,” said Babu Mayborn.
Before the opening ceremony, a short meeting was held at the ground floor of the hospital.
It is estimated that only 1% of the world's water is drinkable and 1/5th of the world's population does not have access to adequate drinking water. received water that was not good to drink and in the midst of drought.
These laundrymen do not take part in the cleaning of the rivers.
To Sohra, Dawki, Nongstoin and others.
Priyanka Gandhi, who stayed overnight at the government house, was not allowed by the district authorities to visit the village, where 10 people were shot dead in the earthquake.
He also suggested that as young people, we should have a goal along with hard work and determination and do things that will benefit us.
Fifty-one years have passed, and we have rejected the demands for change from time to time.
Giri also accused the West Bengal government of forcing Gurung to resign as GTA CEO. The state government has not allowed him to resign as GTA CEO. The GTA has not been given the keys to various departments such as security and finance, he said.
I don't want to meet with Bah.
He said that if the Rangbah Shnongs inform the public in their respective villages about the rally held at Madan Malki, the square will not be crowded anymore and how much more if they lead the rally themselves. “I know that the people support our protest because everyone has faced problems because of the government's announcement by MUDA. The meeting was held for the Rangbah Shnongs, but they did not inform,” said Ardent Basaiawmoit.
Speaking to reporters, he said, “All 11 MLAs of the UDP have united and we have no intention to divide the party because we still want to strengthen the UDP. It is the only national party that has stood on the foundation to serve the country and the nation from the beginning until now.
The race will start from the ground floor of the office of the Deputy Commissioner Eastern West Khasi Hills District and all participants must arrive before 6.00 pm.
The raid by the Enforcement Police of KHADC started at 8 pm throughout the Iewduh area.
The union also demanded that the district authorities should inspect the shops so that such illegal activities of the shopkeepers especially in relation to food items will not affect the people of the area.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, the Rangbah Shnong of Mawthawtieng, Laitkroh Khatar Block, said that the village is still lagging behind in many aspects from water supply and roads.
Jowai, Jymmang 25: One of the leaders of the Pnar United Army, Bah Forester Pajuh, who was involved in extorting up to Rs 2 crore from a landlord in Nongkhlieh area, has been arrested by the East Jaintia Hills Police.
Rajapaksa announced his resignation on Tuesday, but Sri Lankan Speaker Yapa Abeywardena said he had not yet received his resignation letter.
Teinwell Dkhar (UDP MDC from Shella): The T.133 crore is indeed a magnet to divide the party.
Noting that the milk supply in Meghalaya is less than the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) guidelines for per capita milk consumption, the Minister said the Milk Mission will enable the state to replace milk import by producing its own in the state.
He said that the winners should not be proud or arrogant but should be a good example to others so that others can follow in their footsteps.
It is for this reason that the poet Soso Tham called the Sohra area 'the land of courage, the land of morality.
“We have to think that these violence in the border areas, especially from Assam, is something we cannot just listen to.
Wh.
The mother lost her two children in the fire.
However, it is not clear how the riots took place inside the jail and how the GNLA chief was attacked.
On this day, the Dorbar Shnong will take the final decision whether to cancel or continue the soskular between the Shnong and the District Council signed on 05 th July (Naitung) 1985 through the Shnong Officers. The agreement was signed by the Chief Forest Officer of JHADC,” said Elias Susngi, Waheh Raij Namdong, Nongjngi District.
“As the leader of the CLP, I will continue to lead my family (Congress) in a proper manner and I hope that during this term as MLA from the Congress will guide me and the leaders. “The party will lead us to serve the people through the Congress,” she said.
The Minister said that Marak's contribution to the state is enormous.
“This issue needs to be discussed now,” said Jemino Mawthoh (UDP), followed by James Sangma who said he is ready to answer the question and should be allowed to discuss this issue first. today.
Don't you ask this?.
NPP Sohra Leader Gavin Miguel Mylliem on Tuesday responded to the recent death threat by the National Liberation Council (HNLC) against him on the government's plan to shut down the factory. Mawmluh Cherra Cements Limited (MCCL) said that this is just a stupid and unfounded political act.
Skhembor Shadap said, “Ka seng will try to help as much as it can, at this time when those poor families are facing difficulties to go to work, because there are no more people who call to go to work. We have started our assistance in Lakadong village and we will continue to assist other villages in our area as we are waiting for the permission from the office. DC to do what is necessary"
Mawlangwir Sports Club invites all the football fans of the area to come and witness this beautiful and final match of the tournament and to come and support the teams that will win. air.
Pala was speaking at the opening ceremony of the Mylliem Youth Congress (MAYC) office on the evening of 19th November, 2022 at Mylliem Madan Iing Syiem.
“We have directed the Regional Committees to collect information and start the same work as in the first round of discussions.
The death toll has risen to 491 in the past 24 hours, bringing the total to 4,87,6
I understand that you too have a lot of responsibilities at home, especially when they have gone to school,” said the sister.
Shillong: There have been 485 new cases, 365 recoveries and 5 deaths today.
Therefore, the police have requested anyone who has any information about him to visit the morgue at the Civil Hospital, Shillong. For more information, please call 7005202872/6
Other parts of the program include a Health Camp and Awareness on Mental Health organized by the District Medical and Health Officer (DM&HO), South West Khasi Hills. Hills District.
These warnings from the departments and organizations have shocked the workers that even if they stop working, it will not happen and if they go to work, it will not happen. ask'
According to research, India is the country with the largest number of newspapers and hundreds of millions of copies are sold per day.
In the semi final (1st leg) we played well to avoid scoring, but Mawlai scored 10 goals,” he added.
Noting that the practice of yoga should not end today, the Minister said that yoga should be a part of everyday life and also to Spread this message to all households to achieve the goal of making India a safe and healthy India.
She recalled that recently the Adhoc teachers under the umbrella of the Federation of All School Teachers of Meghalaya (FASToM) had staged a protest at the same parking lot. They have ended their strike because they are concerned about the students although the Government has not been able to implement their demands.
In the 1970s, he attended Government Boys' High School, Shillong and later Survey School in Tura and later worked as a Surveyor in the Government of Meghalaya.
Speaking to media after the CEC meeting, the party's General Secretary, Dr. Jemino Mawthoh said that even in the mid-term elections in Rajabala, the party candidate Ashahel D Shira has won a lot of votes. that is, up to 7,200 people.
The news that the Congress party, the largest opposition party in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly, has prepared for the 2023 elections, has shocked the people of Ri Khasi Jaintia. This is because this is a different menu, so that we can talk about it from now on, after we have been fighting against the coronavirus for almost half a year.
The Shlem was established in 1992 through the group of Sister Helen bam kwai at the house of God and now has a large and comfortable building up to class X. lawyers, 17 soldiers and policemen, 30 teachers including those teaching in government schools, Nurses, missionaries, government employees and others.
“The purpose of our visit to Switzerland is to accelerate the implementation of the Shillong Ropeway Project; “This is a project worth T.140 crore funded by the Asian Development Bank,” he said.
They were charged with corruption after HRACYPI President Kingstone Bolwari Sangma filed a complaint against them in the Meghalaya Lokayukta.
Now that the Government of India Act has come into force or will be fully implemented, the State Government should make rules that are appropriate and fair to all otherwise it will cause problems again.
Because as it was signed with the PTI government on 12th July 2018, the term of office of the NA will have to end next July as the term is five years. .
The men and women kickboxers of Meghalaya have brought glory to Meghalaya by winning 5 Gold, 2 Silver and 3 Bronze medals in the tournament known as “ The National Kickboxing Championship 2023 will be held in Ranchi, Jharkhand from 3rd to 27th July
Shillong: A total of 35,000 doses of the corona virus vaccine have arrived in the state.
He formed the Garo National Council to take forward the demand for Garoland.
Shillong: The ruling Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) will announce its MP candidate for the Rajya Sabha on Monday.
“I don't see anyone being bad yet,” he said.
According to the Sordar, in the past few days it has been reported in the newspapers that Atomic Energy has called a tender to distribute uranium in the village. He said that as in the past, they have received information that they are looking for uranium.
Meghalaya is in Pool H along with Sainik School and Goa.
About 900 Israelis have been killed and more than 2,600 wounded since Hamas launched its offensive on March
“However, what has happened is that the government of the ethnic parties has lasted only 11 months and what has happened interestingly is that in these 11 months the Land Transfer Act has been passed. “Most of the time, they drive away something that is flying and sell what is broken,” said Bah Shylla. He said that the Land Transfer Act will prevent them from selling their land to other people who are not from the state.
However, she said, it can be a frightening experience for some patients.
If you give me as I ask now, I promise that my son David Nianglang will give you another young pig (niang lot), one syiar ryngkuh, four pylleng, seven more wheat. ".
This new article is available for download by visiting the website (www.megeducation).
The NBCC has left to survey the areas where the signboards have to be erected and there are still days left to complete the work, but the CCIB has accepted that the survey is only an expenditure. It takes the time of the residents who have to spend the day on survey days and spend their days without reaching anywhere.
In this regard, all the members of the Kur are invited to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the Kur can be carried out smoothly.
Fairming and Max scored the two goals for the PFR Football Academy.
At the same time, he said the MPCC will meet on the 27th of this month to discuss the Lok Sabha MP and MDC elections in
As the Rangbah Shnong, can I be strong alone?
Shillong, November 10: Firstforce Deki Ramsiej and Kior Singh Hinge have emerged as two candidates from the UDP for the Umroi MLA election.
Asst General Secretary – Banjop Chyrmang
Mr. Bonney, Mr. Phira and Mr. Samuel.
Police from the search and rescue team have rushed to the river to recover the body of the youth after it was found in the Kaiñ River near Traw village.
Nandeshwar is a BSF soldier who has a case of contact with other COVID-19 suspects.
Mawlong, and Ichamati and have not been implemented yet and some posts have collapsed gradually.
He said that across India, there are different ethnic groups to elect MPs to represent the Lok Sabha like the Khasi ethnic group.
He also invited the residents of the area to come and support the match which will be played today at Madan UUP, Urksew Wahpathaw at 2 pm between Shillong Lajong FC and Shillong. Meghalaya beat Arunachal Pradesh by 226 runs in the Ranji Trophy in the plate group on Friday at Anand, Gujarat.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Bah Titos said, “The Prime Minister has promised to take care of this issue and as the leaders we have requested him to take action on this issue. “It is not good for the employees of MCCL to come to Shillong and have to strike without deadline to demand their rights”.
Of course, it is necessary for all of us to take responsibility for the country and the nation and it is our duty to help each other and encourage others and not just to point fingers.
It is informed that this merger will be done voluntarily by the voter without any coercion.
Many praised her here and there.
“I have spoken many times to the Home Ministry and I have also spoken to the Prime Minister and they have informed me that they are looking into the matter.
“The President of Shillong City, the Superintendent of Shillong City and other leading party leaders will visit all the constituencies in Shillong from the first month of this month,” said the President of Shillong City. Shillong City Mr. M.Kharkrang.
Shillong CA Team B will play against East Garo Hills Cricket Association on the 2nd of June at Tura.
The AITC should look only at issues related to the people rather than overthinking as they have done in Bengal and intend to do the same in Meghalaya,” said the NPP in a statement.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Education, Rakkam A Sangma, congratulated all the members of the MBOSE family on this special day and congratulated all those who have worked hard for the Board for the past 50 years.
He said that this book about the characters of two people, Harib and Sæk, was written by my father to play a drama in Panaliar.
The worst affected area is the Sunapur Tunnel which reaches after crossing the Lukha River.
On the other hand, the JSU, which has been in Khanduli since yesterday, said that this behavior of the Karbi is a barbaric act and they don't respect the DC Hamren and the SP West Jaintia Hills who are trying to stop this violence. law in hand.
“I was worried that you were slow because I didn't trust the Dkhars.
Meanwhile, non-border districts like Hojai and Darrang have the highest number of non-included districts at 32.99 per cent and 30.90 per cent respectively.
Two of them are former MLAs, Process T Sawkmie from Mawlai Constituency and Jemino Mawthoh from Nongthymmai Constituency.
The statement said that whether Shylla wins or not, Ardent will not be able to contest the 2018 elections. “He will not be able to contest the 2018 elections. Madanrting Police Station, which has been transferred to MUDA, as well as villages like Rangbihbih, Umsaw, Mawiong, Mawnariam, Lyngkienshyiap and Mawsing, will not be closed,” said the statement. Ardent M Basaiawmoit will be elected in
Lymkumta, man is no different from animals.
The incident happened on the 11th of June at 13 Mer at 3 pm. The robbers after throwing a bomb shot the driver and handyman of the truck and took it back to Jagiroad. The driver and follower of the truck immediately informed the Byrnihat PO. The Byrnihat PO, after receiving this information, immediately informed the police. They immediately reported to the Assam Police and the Assam Police took the initiative to search for these robbers and arrested them in the evening of the same day from Jagiroad.
It is surprising that there are names of people whose parents have named them Khasi perfectly and who have intelligence but the children because they are too clever and happy to write English write the characters instead of writing. The 'I' in Khasi is written as the E in English.
Before proceeding, I would like to request my dear readers not to take this article as an insult or insult to anyone.
In this regard, the EM urged the MDCs to find out the villages which do not have schools and inform the EC so that they can be provided with assistance.
In his brief speech, the Prime Minister said, “I am sorry to see this grief of these families.
Shillong, July 14: The Food and Civil Supplies Department of Meghalaya has become more careful in selecting companies or suppliers to provide computer equipment for the registration of all the names of beneficiaries. There is no Public Distribution System (PDS) in the state.
The Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, said that the Archbishop of Shillong, Most Rev. Victor Lyngdoh, has taken part in the ceremony. The XIVth Annual General Meeting of the Union of Catholic Churches of Shillong.
That is why Jesus said – “Why do you also transgress the commandment of God by your tradition? …….
The network slowdown is too much especially from 5 pm to 12 pm it is not even to use a little, just to send pictures that are necessary does not go smoothly, this has just made me angry. In fact, the introduction of Jio has been a great benefit to the people who use it, but if it is too much, it will be the anger of the people who use it. .
Should we dare to show our faces to parents who in their old age, hope that their children whom they have supported in school will be able to bring income at home?
Pyrdiwah SC didn't lose heart and continued to fight and in the 70th minute they scored the third goal through Riven Hang Jersey No.
His actions, which have ruined the future of students and teachers, shows what kind of person the AITC Party is and that it only reacts when it is publicly humiliated.
They said that the government has decided to force the project without receiving a No Objection Certificate (NoC) from the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) and even the KHADC has not held a public meeting. or a public hearing to hear the voice of the public.
He also urged the MDC and MLA of Mawlai constituency to turn their attention to the family.
On the 13th of this month, UDP leaders including Metbah Lyngdoh, Speaker of the State Legislative Assembly, met with Conrad Sangma and Prestone Tynsong. James strongly opposed the continuation of the Ministry of Home Affairs, due to the smuggling of coal in the past many months.
He said that even the law enforcement agencies have found it difficult to punish this woman, even if she has disrupted the peace and order of the people.
On their part, they have tried to revive the soil by using the fertilizers they get from their own village.
Bah Sumer said that the result of this is that until now the Council has not been able to own the land and has had to set up an office from the land donated by the land owners.
The State Government has done its part.
Therefore, when you slaughter your own cows from the same area, you can hold lyngkor ei by others to drive those cows wherever you want, and you can color the colors of all the cows slaughtered from your own household.
Four coal miners who died in the coal mine are Wanphai Nongkynrih of Iapngar, Shinning Star Mawlieh of Mawthapdah, Biangborlin Sangriang and Hapiu Jahrin of Rangblang.
According to the rules of the District Selection Committee (DSC) as amended in June 1994, Bah Pyrtuh said that the appointment of posts within the DSC should be done according to the rules of the DSC when there is any job. you are light.
Today, it was found that the woman, has been detained for four days, inside the bank.
On the other hand, three political parties, including the KSU, FKGJP and HNYF, have refused to meet with the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills, but demanded the arrest of those who shot dead three Khasi youths. yesterday, within 24 hours.
Shillong, Jymmang 23: The National People's Party (NPP) has admitted that some MLAs from other parties, such as the Congress, have expressed their desire to join the NPP. discussions are currently in full swing and have not yet reached a decision to make a public announcement.
“We strongly oppose this decision to end the festival on Sunday as it coincides with the holy day according to the Christian faith,” said STIEH in a petition sent to the Minister of Tourism. Paul Lyngdoh today.
“We have directed the Chief Engineer of PWD (Roads) and NHAI officers to take action,” said Bah Rymbui.
The Deputy Commissioner has been directed to complete the matter within two days by submitting an affidavit,” the order said.
Balajied Rane MDC Nongpoh, Additional Deputy Commissioner Ri Bhoi District, Pillarstone Syiem Nongshai and others were present.
The total number of cases has risen to
Shangpliang also spoke on the smuggling of cows to Bangladesh, where the price of a cow, which costs T.20,000 in Meghalaya, costs up to T.1 lakh in Bangladesh, during the festival. id.
On the part of Rgh, Mario Biam General Secretary of the Sengkhihlang, he spoke on the topic “The Sengkhihlang is for the children of the ninth generation” and Rgh Wom Chyrmang President Seiñ Kyntu Seiñraij 12- Daloi on the topic “The Role of Children in the Society” and finally received a strong speech from Pa Daloi of Shangpung District Shanki Langbang on the topic “Tip Bru ka Tip Blade".
Speaking to reporters, Prestone said that for the use of firewood in the government buildings, there is no ban on the use of firewood. There are no factories in Meghalaya.
He praised the CEM as a leader who can work and look far ahead in the working methods of the Executive Committee.
The BCCI and the Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) are in the midst of a dispute over the stadium for the upcoming tournament. The BCCI has also refused to send an Indian team to Pakistan for the tournament, which has also prompted the ACC to take over the tournament. steps in order to find solutions and get an answer that will reconcile the two cases.
Members of the public are requested to confirm before taking any calls when it comes to the items they are ordering.
There are about 260 poor and low income households.
This is also the first time in the state that the police have claimed that the violence is politically motivated.
However, it is reported that the tyrnem disappeared on the 6th or 7th of March.
He said the state government under his leadership has worked hard to meet with various political parties to force them to oppose the CAB in the Rajya Sabha.
He said the party leaders were summoned for talks by the MHA officials after they had staged a protest in Delhi.
The discussion covered some topics related to investment promotion and other steps of the government to enhance India’s reputation.
Since 2017-18, 12,24,645 items worth T.24,649.98 lakh have been distributed to 2,99,942 beneficiaries through 265 meetings held under the RVY. The Nasha Mukt Bharat Abhiyaan (NMBA) was launched and launched on 15th July 2020 in 272 districts in 32 States/Union Territories.
The Pastor said that many Christians are godly only outwardly while in secret they do dark deeds that are shameful in the sight of God.
When we honor any person, we should not honor the rank of education or the kings – the honor should go first to the elders.
The worst death toll has occurred in the world's powerful countries such as the United States, Italy, Spain, England, Germany and others.
Addressing a public function in Nizamabad, the Prime Minister said: “KCR gave me a beautiful tawah and showed me so much love, where there was no or it is your character or feelings.
The Government has taken steps to ensure that the students do not lose the opportunity to pursue higher education,” he said.
The decisions taken in the Assemblies of the Presbyterian Church in Khasi-Jaintia in the years 1923 and 1925 were important.
Furthermore, Dr. Bishnoi urged the youth not to get involved in the eradication of drugs. , because once the youth become addicted to drugs, it affects not only themselves and their families and will also affect the future of the state and the country, he added.
According to the President of HYC Shillong City, Bah John Lyngdoh, these people have started sleepless nights since the KHADC through the Trade Department has banned foreigners from trading without illegal immigrants. license in the GS Road area.
The responsibility of the father of the household can be seen especially when the children go to school from year to year and when there is an invitation from the schools to the parents of the students to PARENTS DAY is held in schools in the city or in the countryside.
There are nations who, in order to sympathize with those other countries or nations who are more disadvantaged in terms of work, or in travel, or in power. , they pretend to help them, sometimes by human force, sometimes by money, but it happens that what they give with their left hand they take with their right hand, or, as Aesop's cat is knieh little by little until the owner of the house must throw away his clothes without being able to claim even his own! Therefore, this nation, which is persecuted as a slave, does not have peace, and the other, even if it gets what it wants, does not have peace, because whether it is a nation that knows God or not, the soul knows – right knows – sin – it does not give it peace.
Arunachal Pradesh, who lost all their matches, failed to take the lead against Meghalaya and scored 102/6 in 20 overs.
“Verily, verily, I say unto you, He that believeth on me, the works that I do shall he do also; and greater works than these shall he do” John 14:1
The KHADC will act in accordance with the law and for this reason it will issue a public notice before doing so.
?" asked Bah Shanbor. "You don't know, Kpa Wanbok, the family of Bah Let now hates you all, especially you..." said the man. Bah Shanbor listened for a while.
The sin of transgression was inherited from the children of Adam and Eve.
According to Dr Mawthoh, the government led by Mukul Sangma has wasted thousands of dollars and does not have enough funds to implement development projects in the state.
Shillong: U Bah Adelbert Nongrum, MLA of 17 North Shillong Constituency, has expressed his strong opposition to the Government's allocation of land to the Harijans living in the Mawlong Market area.
However, it is sad to see that these days nearly 90% of the MLAs or Ministers in the state, think only how to bring about development in their own constituency and do not have any thought for to help develop other constituencies which still have many needs in terms of economic development, said Bah Lapang.
“The traditional festival is a platform for all those who promote the traditional culture of the Khasi people.
“Your participation is very encouraging and will help me to win,” said Bah Ransom.
In another statement, Home Minister Amit Shah said that Christians and tribals will not be included in the UCC. They have the power through the 6th Schedule of the Constitution of our country to pass laws to protect if the BJP government can implement this UCC. These are the words of advice of the poet Soso Tham in the story of the cow and the cow from the book Phawer Aesop.
There were 41,41,502 abortions in 2015-16 and of these 40,61,462 women had abortions.
As part of the Viksit Bharat Sankalp Yatra campaign, the Minister interacted with the beneficiaries to provide information and ensure the full implementation of Government schemes across the country.
The match will continue tomorrow.
It is here that it can affect the prestige/credibility of the MBOSE in front of India as a whole.
Other districts with the highest number of cases are Dibrugarh (630), Nagaon (418), Golaghat (304), Karimganj (272), Sonitpur (252), Bongaigaon (228), Karbi Anglong ( 207) and Jorhat (207).
According to the complaint lodged by the President of HANM Jaintia Zone, Bah Shaniahlang Suchen, according to the media, it was seen that these foreigners working in the company Topcem have used insulting language. The union urges the law enforcement authorities to take action against this and to take the necessary action according to the law. they are in the rules of the law.
Shillong: Meghalaya Police have arrested 11 Bangladeshis and three of their leaders from Kuliang, said Dr LR Bishnoi, Director General of Police (DGP).
"From the west of India to the west of the moon, this is not an easy journey," he said. and said that ISRO has created a moon in its observatory.
“At the same time, the KHADC has also removed the name Refugee Colony or RR Colony and has renamed the area as “Them Rynjah”.
Two coal factories in West Jaintia Hills and four in South West Khasi Hills are not operating at all.
Therefore, the union urges the government to open and implement this blood bank, as there are many sick people who urgently need blood.
As in the previous seasons of the MSL, this season of the MSL this time too, matches have been held across the state.
The MLA election in Sohiong constituency will be memorable because of the presence of some people who know how to speak publicly.
According to Bah Nongphlang, the Minister has confirmed that he will visit the site on 9th November.
When this reporter went to the lower part of Madanrting Block D, he found that there is a rough road where many drivers and residents of the village have complained about the condition of the road. There is a road called Madanrting Them-basuk and this road connects Rting Square with villages like Jyntah-Umphyrnai and it is also the road to Jowai where vehicles travel. it goes well there during heavy traffic.
According to the statement, the Governor has confirmed the names of the new Deputy CEM and EMs on the recommendation of the new CEM of KHADC. CEM is PN Syiem, Executive Members (EM) are Gigur Myrthong, Grace Mary Kharpuri, Macdalyn Sawkmie Mawlong, Rangkynsai Kharbuki and Victor Ranee.
The letter of demand for money was sent to the Mission by unidentified persons. The Mission has a school and a children's home in Kuralbanga, which falls under the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. West Garo Hills is located on the border of Meghalaya and Assam.
He said the name of the head of the household on the ration card should be a woman.
The site is known as Khirbet Qana, a Jewish city that existed between 323 BC and AD 324 and there scientists have discovered facts related to the food. celebrate.
“The BJP does not allow this,” he said.
PK Dogra scored 101 runs for Puducherry while D Rohit scored 61 runs and Abhishek Nayar 57 runs.
Thus, from the two-day training, these young women received a lot of information to protect themselves from violence.
Speaking of these, the need mentioned refers to the need 'To revive the Khana Pateng of the Jaidbynriew' to write down the Khana Pateng and the events that have happened in the Jaidbynriew in which it should also be included. These are the things in the education in schools or colleges so that the children of the people of the Jaidbynriew will know the new, understand the Jaidbynriew and have the first love for their own.
When asked how many crores the Election Department will spend for the MLA Election 2023 in the state, Bah FR Kharkongor said the expenditure this time will be higher due to the increase in the number of polling stations and even the number of polling stations. Police to patrol during the elections from other states have also arrived in the state.
With their latest victory 5-4 against Australia, India scored their fastest goal when Tom Grambusch scored the first goal of the match against Germany. to his team Germany to score the first goal in the third minute of the game with his ability to convert into a goal from the PC that the team managed to tie.
New Delhi: The National Democratic Alliance (NDA) today held a meeting with 38 political parties to take part in the meeting. evening.
The BJP has won only two seats in the State Legislative Assembly, but it can participate in the coalition government with the participation of Himanta Sarma, KJ Alphonse and other leaders. to form the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in the state.
The CoRP leaders made this allegation after receiving a complaint from the parents of the youth, who went for treatment at the hospital since the 11th of this month. They alleged that the doctors at the scene did not take action to treat him properly, even though he was suffering from severe pain in his chest and throat, because even though he was suffering from severe pain, the doctors did not take care of him. They didn't do those examinations or X-rays, but they just injected and gave him only a drip.
When asked, Sangma said, “There is a reason why I express my concern and you know what is happening in this case? Whether this case has been investigated in a proper manner or in a cooperative manner because to investigate thoroughly from the beginning the investigation team also needs to conduct forensic.
Dmikstar sang like a tax collector, but I sang like a Pharisee.
And so on, the feelings that have been stirred up and if this continues, it will not be right and as long as the strong Assam is strong, it will continue to stir up.
The fourth place went to the team from Mawkyrwat which won 8 gold, 14 silver and 12 bronze medals.
The total number of cases has risen to 19,984 and 15,474 are still infected.
The chief guest will be Bah EP Kharbhih, Commissioner & Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya while Ambrose Marak, Director of School Education and Literacy will be the chief guest.
Gordon Marngar GS NDSA, teachers, parents and others who were invited.
When asked by the PDF MDCs whether they are willing to discuss with Bah Ardent on the Bill, many of them replied that the House is their place of discussion and not on the ground. financial.
The entrance fee will be T 50 tyngka each and children will not have to pay.
“We will discuss to find ways and means to end this unrest in the state.
Because if anyone or anything is corrupt, it means that they also get personal gain.
The principal of the school, Bah Denis Lamin, said that it is very difficult to run the classes when it rains and the classrooms are filled with water from the wells.
Due to the government's failure to pay their fares, the owners of the vehicles have staged a three day strike to protest against the government's action.
He said that the cooperation between the UDP, HSPDP and NPP in the MDA is an issue that the people have to ask, “because in the government you have been able to cooperate but as soon as the elections came you went to “This is just an attempt to mislead the people,” he added.
Mizoram didn't have an easy match but they lost only one wicket yesterday and will continue to win today by scoring a big target.
On the threat of Bah Pynshngain to go to court, Bah Tynsong said that if Bah Pynshngain does not agree, he cannot stop him from going to court.
It released six products, including lithium, from a list of 12 atomic elements.
“We will educate the people on the importance of protecting the environment.
According to the residents, as soon as the rainy season came, those who owned vehicles had to leave their vehicles aside.
He said that this behavior of the suppliers has been like a blockade for the chicken farmers in the area, because the traders themselves are charging the highest price and These Assam cows can be purchased at the price of 90 tyngka per kilo per kilo of live cows, while the cows from Nongstoiñ can be purchased at the price of 120 tyngka per kilo per kilo. live.
Nongpoh: The U-23 Inter District Cricket Tournament (I) was organized by the Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) in collaboration with the Ri Bhoi District Cricket Association (RBDCA) at the start of the U-23 Inter District Cricket Tournament. The Shillong Cricket Association (B) has won against the East Khasi Hills Cricket Association (RBDCA) in the RBDCA tournament.
“The purpose of the meeting is to bring closer to the people and this government has taken the initiative to extend it to other districts and to run the work smoothly,” said Bah Banteidor.
If we look from the east to the west, we have been surrounded by the barracks of the army until the city of Shillong has become too crowded to move forward in any development of the state and society.
The three arrested were identified as Dulal Miah, 30, of Manchachar, Biswajit Koch, 20, and Aldrin Sangma, 22, of Purakashia.
Following Waring's discovery, Google confirmed that there was indeed a cave in the area, which was more than 22 meters high.
It is to be recalled that in 2013, the old jeep of this office was burnt down by the robbers.
The Minister of Home Affairs was also briefed on the shortage of food items in the state due to the instability in Assam.
In East Garo Hills, there are 6 cases including 5 high risk cases and 1 case from outside.
I urge all of us to turn our attention to the prevention of the spread of this disease in our State.
Four patients have died at a hospital in Rewari, Haryana; There are five deaths in Hisar, but yesterday, another information came out, that there are five deaths in Hisar and the reason, is that The hospital has run out of oxygen on Tuesday morning.
The distance will also end for the people of the country as a whole, the report said.
Simon Siangshai, former MLA and MDC of Rymbai Constituency, Khliehriat, has passed away this morning.
“We have seized about 60 vehicles used by drug traffickers in 2022," said the DGP. Other states include Tripura, Mizoram, Manipur, Punjab, Bihar and West Bengal.
The Meghalaya government has lodged a complaint against the Sengbhalang leaders for covering up the loss of T.31.09 crore.
Nongpoh: Leaders of the Federation of Khasi Jaintia and Garo People (FKJGP) today visited Umiam to collect documents such as Trading License from factories in Umiam. Information on the number of foreign workers, it was seen that the foreigners and the owners of these factories, it was seen that they were very worried and those who had to move here and there, to escape the ban. When these leaders and members of FKJGP, visited the documents from these factories, the owners of these factories, tried to understand and explain. The FKJGP, said that on their part, they do their best to provide the documents, but when they reach the District Council, they are treated like this. until it is too late for them to complete and which results in them having to operate without proper documents.
The meeting, which was attended by the Nokma, coal traders and Sordars of Shallang area, demanded that the government should allow the coal owners to continue their work here. The meeting also decided that if the state government and NGT continue to ban, the coal owners will start mining coal and will continue to mine coal. the mar of the earth, which is in the land of their possession.
Please forgive me for my mistake,” said the explanation.
According to the NEC Secretary, about 65,000 km of roads have been constructed with the NEC funds so far across the North East.
The union also said that according to the guidelines of the MoHFW of the Government, when people are found positive for Covid-19, they should try to complete the contact tracing within 48 days. Primary and Secondary Contacts to prevent the spread of the disease.
The letter, issued by the club, also clarified that it had not ordered the woman to leave the premises and said that it had apologized to Borthakur, which she had agreed to. The Club has apologized.
Earlier, it may be recalled that the commercial truck drivers had set a deadline of 10th November for these dewbilat factories to respond to their demands, which include that foreign trucks cannot carry goods. from the dewbilat and unloading factories in parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia, but that they have to transport goods directly outside the State and that only trucks, operating within the State and having such licences, They can transport and unload goods in parts of Ri Khasi Jaintia.
John 14:2–3.
Ma Lakmen Rymbui said the education department will also have to consider the health of the children if schools have to be reopened in the state.
“Therefore, I appeal to teachers across the state to take responsibility by providing the best education to the children," he added.
Through this scheme announced by Narendra Modi, these children will receive many benefits and treatment according to their rights. The Prime Minister, Narendra Modi, also announced the release of scholarships through the scheme.
Mawkawah FC won the title after beating Rambrai FC 2-1 in the first leg of the tournament at the NDSA Stadium in Nongpyndeng.
“I'm afraid, mother, that you say that to give people like rain,” said the son. “I don't understand what you who eat will understand,” said the mother and went away. The son listened because the mother did not want to tell him about the problem in the past.
The construction area of ​​the building is about 8,800 sq.m and has a total of 101 jobs in addition to other amenities such as specialty restaurants, coffee shops, bars, The property is owned by the Meghalaya Tourism Development Corporation Ltd., which has been leased for 33 years in the form of a PPP. Indian Hotels Company Ltd.
The memories that the mind gives us are the strong bridge that it gives us to turn back to the wisdom and light and teachings of the past before we turn and rise again to the lights of the present. and the future.
Regarding the map of Garoland, the ANVC has already submitted the map of Garoland to the Home Ministry before the surrender and the GNLA has already drawn the map. both maps include many Khasi areas.
In the women's category, Kenya, France, Ivory Coast, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Egypt, India, Sierra Leone, Poland, Latvia and Argentina are the winners.
The meeting also congratulated Bah BM Lanong, who has been elected as a member of the KHADC. It is hoped that he will continue to manage the work of the Council.
On the other hand, the Mizoram government has alleged that the Assam government has built roads in the Khulichara-Singoa area, which is an area that the Mizos have been cultivating for hundreds of years.
Shillong, June 01: The President of the National Congress Party (NCP) and Gambegre MLA Saleng A Sangma on Tuesday accused the Congress of being a “borderline” for not taking action to resolve the border dispute between the two countries. States of Meghalaya and Assam.
Even so, you have to think about your own life and your own dignity.
Lalringthara was born in Khuangleng in 1945 and graduated from school in class 2 after the death of his father. only son.
From 26 boxes, 650 kilos of dynamite were recovered and from four boxes, 200 Tikli was recovered. Four mobile phones were seized from these persons.
The app was launched by the Minister at a video conference meeting held at the office of the Deputy Commissioner, Khliehriat in the presence of the Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Baranwal, IAS, Government officers and others.
More than 30 women have taken part in this 30 day training on bunjait cultivation including ri jingri.
The Prime Minister said that the Right to Information is useless if many people are still illiterate.
India stands with the people of Nepal and is ready to send all relief supplies.
Alcohol-based hand sanitizers (about 20 seconds) should also be used if possible. 4) Preventive measures should be followed.
In the women's category, Lynti Jingkyrmen Thyrniang won the first prize (21:04:28 Sec), Clare Jones Jala won the second prize (21:07:44 Sec) and won by Marqueenless Ramsiej (22:25:49 Sec).
The dorbar of the sordar has laid the foundation for 10 houses and 10 households to build houses and cultivate.
The Waheh Shnong of Lapangap, Deimonmi Lyngdoh, said that the DC has also said that it is better to cut down the trees than to lose the rice.
Organizing Secretary – Hengaitmiki Sten.
He said that there are also hidden diseases which he cannot recognize by looking but he has to touch the bodies of the patients and only then he understands the disease.
However, if the NPP candidates are allowed to be their own religious brothers and sisters, it will be able to attract voters.
However, the people refused and the District authorities ordered to bomb, tie and shoot at the people.
On the other hand, I urge the village leaders in the rural areas to issue a strict order to the people not to gather in large numbers as directed by the government so that we can prevent this Corona virus because until now Many of the villages in the remote areas have not cooperated well with the curfew imposed by the government, so as village leaders we should inform the people to cooperate at this time. We must be prepared as directed by the government and on the other hand we must educate the people so that they do not ignore the news that misleads them because many of them Therefore, in order to avoid all these, we must educate the people and listen to the problems they face from illness and food and drink.
They are also rich in omega-3 fatty acids.
The NPP-led Meghalaya government has decided that the CrPC and CPC will come into force in all courts in the state.
They thanked all those who supported and visited to encourage them during these hours of sleeping at the place to demand their rights. They thanked the MLA of Nongthymmai. Jemino Mawthoh, Pastor Pyrtuh, and others who encouraged them.
Vehicles were blocked at Rilbong Point, on the way to Mawlong Market, near Anjalee Petrol Pump, which continued to the Civil Hospital on one side and then to Lumdiengjri and so on.
He won the election in 1972 and served the people of Mawlai until
In the men's category, Wolbetstar Ramsiej came first with a run of 17:08:37, Sainkupar Jyrwa came second with a run of :17:92 and Michael Ramsiej, who came third, ran 18:09:8
What has the Planning Board done and advised to the government in the past 4 years? In fact, if the State Planning Board is doing its job properly, the Chairman should inform the newspapers and other media.
It is also important to drink plenty of water and drink plenty of water.
Many students of the Jaintia Students Union and many others from Jaintia Hills, as well as the KSU, have stood on the position against the railway, but it is not clear whether there are some in the KSU now. Where is the relationship between the railway and the ILP? If the Government of India doesn't grant the ILP, then the railways will be built. What is the benefit of the ILP? it cannot prevent the infiltration of all kinds of people.
Replying to a question on the defeat of BJP candidates in the recent KHADC and JHADC elections, Naik said, “It is only the beginning, we will see later”.
Shillong: The Citizen Forum of Meghalaya has held a meeting to decide on the nomination of a candidate for the Rajya Sabha elections 2020 as announced by the Election Commission of India. will be held on the 26th of October
Kangana's new film Tejas will be released in November or July and it will be one of her films.
This time it is a war in the efforts of everyone to make many people aware of the need to take personal decisions so that all these decisions can be achieved. that the time has come to discuss the basis of the election, the basis of the candidate, the basis of the political parties, the basis of the kur ki kha, all the paradoh parasnam. always to speak out if you witness shortcomings and challenges if you cannot make decisions in a way that can empower and a leader who can shape our bright future.
The sixth phase was held on July 13, 2023 at 45 locations across the country.
S Hashah scored one goal for Imson in the 37th minute, while Rising turned the tide through B Marbaniang in the 53rd minute and K Khyrem scored two goals in the 72nd and 76th minutes. turn night.
Shillong: The Executive Member (EM) of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC), Bah Paul Lyngdoh, on Tuesday said that the Council will set up its own body or department to approve the construction of houses outside the Municipal areas.
He is not a child with a Dkhar father, Dkhar mother or Dkhar son, but he is the son of Bah Joksingh Khongshei and Kong Thwei Syiem Khiewtam from Umniuh Tmar.
Only if the youth have the spirit to work and know all kinds of jobs can we improve the youth in employment or it is also a way to prevent the mynder who want to come. Enter the state if you are a young person who knows all kinds of jobs.
According to the programme, the talent identification testing program will reach all the District Headquarters.
The Meteorological Department has forecast heavy rainfall in Shillong and surrounding areas tomorrow.
Commenting on this, the KHNAM said that this announcement is a violation of the promise made by the Government to the party at the all party meeting. ).
I believe, however, that only the VPP MLAs recognize, know and understand the intentional purpose of the Governor's intentional speech in Hindi.
They also lost their country.
They did not even give a copy of the complaint to the woman, said the CSWO and this is wrong and illegal.
Meghalaya won the Fair Play Award.
Meanwhile, the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma, today rushed to Delhi to meet the Finance Minister of India, Nirmala Sitharaman to seek urgent assistance for the The state has been devastated by the natural disasters in the past few days.
Shillong, Nailar 09 : The Lok Sabha on Tuesday passed a resolution to restore peace in Manipur with the support of the MPs of the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) in the presence of the Opposition.
He said that the CAB should be read carefully and not just opposed.
Rynsun: Rynsun is often considered to be the plant used for making jyntah.
The map, which shows the boundaries of the surrounding areas, has been released on the map released by the Ministry of Natural Resources and on social media X.
The program was prepared with the participation of the Ministry of Arts and Culture, Ri Chasi Channel, Party Decorators and MB Electricals, said a statement from Riewshai Luther Sohliya, Secretary, Public Relations.
Tel Aviv: At least 300 people were killed in Israel in a surprise attack by Hamas militants on Saturday morning, officials said.
Regarding the shooting death of former General Secretary of the HNLC, Bah Cherishterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July, 2021 in the early hours of the morning.
The National People's Party (NPP) candidate from Sohiong constituency, Bah Samlin Malniang, has urged the leaders of the United Democratic Party (UDP) to withdraw from the Meghalaya Democratic government. Alliance (MDA.2) and will respond as soon as possible.
Lajong are still the Meghalaya State League (MSL) champions after winning the title in 2019 and Ñiaw Wasa are the winners. The first edition of the tournament will be held in the 2017-18 season, which is also the year of the tournament.
He said that biometrics and eye impressions of people from other countries have been taken so that no one can instigate bloodshed in the area.
Nongpoh, November 17: The Ri Bhoi Christmas Committee (RIC) has continued to decorate the town of Nongpoh with colours. rup and with bright lights as part of the celebration of Christmas and New Year.
There have been 249 new cases of covid-19 in Assam, bringing the total number of cases in the state to 5,2
