The complaint was lodged by Dr. Batskhem Myrboh, Party Spokesperson and Dr. Rusievan Shangpliang, Member of the Media Cell. Ask the admin of the Facebook Group called “The Children of the Country”.
Badon Marbaniang (18) and Batipphar Swer (69) scored the two goals for Tariang FC.
She said that the ITI will also provide training to others such as wireman and plumber.
The State Government on 20th June has released a second grant of T.15.65 lakh to the Mawlai Town Dorbar (MTD) for the purpose of supporting the anti-drug campaigns and to assist in the fight against drugs. young people who are addicted to drugs.
I cannot say yet what we will do next.
The Lamphang said that the Third Party Audit should be conducted by the IIT from other places and not from Rorkee.
Although they recently beat Telangana 4-1, Meghalaya initially found it difficult to score due to the good play of Rajasthan.
The Iewduh is now a market of luri lura, a market of turmoil, a market of violence, a center of deceit, a center of conflict between the Khasi, Dkhars and foreigners. all kinds of evil deeds have been done.
The match started with Meghalaya managing to hold on until Sikkim's opponents played well and finished the first day with 238/7 in 78 overs.
Dr Mukul said that within a year, the TMC in the state has received a strong support from the people from all the areas, whether in the rural or urban areas, the people have come with their votes. hundreds of people to join and support this party.
Since I assumed office as CEM, we have visited these areas.
The Tripura government has said that the border market in Srinagar (northern Tripura) will be reopened on 9th June. after being closed for more than 2 years due to the spread of COVID-1
Shillong, Jymmang 17: The Federation of Meghalaya Ad Hoc Secondary School Teachers (FAMASTA) on Tuesday said that the JACATAM demands the recruitment of teachers, not the salary increase.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 25: In order to preserve the forests, trees and environment, the leaders of the Hills Farmers Union, today held a meeting to discuss the issue of forests, trees and environment. to Mawduh West Khasi Hills to meet with the farmers of the area and to explain how to preserve the forests, trees and shrubs for the sake of environmental protection.
The Union of Village Authorities of Jowai led by Ma Alan Niangti, President and LD Lakiang General Secretary and Pyrkhat Shylla, Mookyrdup Village Authority in the presence of BJP President Earnest Mawrie and Lakhon Biam MDC JHADC led by Alan Niangti, President and LD Lakiang General Secretary. The Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Dr Aman Warr, today demanded that the government should provide all the Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) to fight against Coronavirus in Jowai and the district as a whole.
This issue shows the need for unity of the Jaidbynriew from the leaders and members of the Jaidbynriew in all aspects by learning from what happened in the past so that we can reap to our aspirations as a nation.
She said that with the responsibility, she hopes to fulfill and do her job properly.
Gyamar Ramesh, one of the students who took part in the APPSC examination and who also attended the hearing, said that the The court ordered Taket Jerang to submit his signature and handwriting to the court for further investigation.
Hospitals like CHC/PHC or other testing centers do not have the equipment to test, how can we prevent or eradicate this disease.
The Lamphang on Tuesday inspected the construction of the Ïing Dorbar and held a review meeting with government officials from various departments of the state government.
The woman was identified as Esar Kyndait, 23, of Ïongkaluh Village.
Traffic caused us to arrive later than the scheduled time and after a long wait, we were able to pick him up.
In a statement to the media, VPP Spokesperson Dr Batskhem Myrboh said that this public meeting will be a meeting to express the gratitude of the party to the supporters who have worked tirelessly for the party. the party in this election.
Shillong, June 12: The PWD Department has sent back the Detailed Project Report (DPR) to the Road Transport and Highways Department of the Union Government for the construction of the Dawki Bridge on the Umngot River.
In the second match, Ehrang SC beat Tangnub SC 3-0. Mynjuri Byrloi scored the goals in the 18th minute and Savayus Masa (42 & 48).
The JHF has expelled its President at a meeting held on the 2nd of this month, admitting that the JHF can no longer trust him.
Blah said that regarding the decision of the High Court of Meghalaya to implement the MUDA Act outside the Municipal area, the government has already made it clear that it will appeal against this. .
At the same time, he said that the political parties UDP, NPP, PDF, HSPDP, Congress and others have lost confidence and it is up to the people and political parties to elect their own MP candidate. They are the ones who have destroyed the nation.
Revelation 4:1-1
JNV Mukhla also won the Best Athlete title in the Under-16 Girls and Under-18 Girls categories while Aroma Lyngdoh in the Under-16 category won two gold medals in the 100 and 300m.
Kimfa said he would also lodge a complaint with the Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW), the Minister of Home Affairs and the Chief Secretary of the state regarding the incident.
Let us now translate the name into Khasi Nylla.
Chivalry Lipon scored for Pynthor and Heinidawan Thubru scored for Nangbah Mooknor.
There are 173 recoveries from the disease.
According to him, the reason why the electricity department has turned off the electricity every day is due to the low water level in Umïam and because the state has been relying only on the electricity from Leshka.
Jowai, Nailar 25: The President of the Federation of Khasi and Garo People (FKJGP) Jaintia Hill Zone, Tuesday Lytep, has expressed his strong opposition to the police's violence against the people who opposed the public hearing in Thangskai. They were beaten, kicked, shot and tear gas was fired.
This will affect the villagers in J&K. They will become rich and the immigrants from other parts of India will become rich. customs, traditions, marriage and so on.
Shillong: On the 13th of November, at 11 pm, there was an allegation that there was a shooting of foreigners in Nongmynsong, Shillong.
If you have any questions, please call No:
In the second leg, Iooksi Youth Welfare beat Ialong 3-1
Raising the issue of repealing Article 370 and the Jammu and Kashmir Reorganization Bill, 2019, Shah said there has been a long-standing demand for Ladakh to become a small state and this has been achieved by the Jammu and Kashmir Reorganization Bill. the government of Narendra Modi.
They are trying to meet with the upper echelons of the party, we learn.
Shillong, November 20: U Bah Goodleaderson Nongsiej MDC Nongstoiñ, on Saturday 19th November, was sworn in as the 24th Chairman of the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC). There was no opponent in the election held yesterday.
According to a statement sent by the Superintendent of Police, East Khasi Hills District Rituraj Ravi, the two foreigners were identified as Esan Singh and Sujit Dutta.
It is for this reason that the literacy rate in the state has declined over the years.
Commandant of Assam Rifles Shri Vijay Kumar was the chief guest in the presence of OC of Assam Rifles Shri Rakesh Kumar and Bah Bhalang Lyngdoh, Chairman of the Assam Rifles. Nongkrem Dorbar Pyllun, residents of Nongkrem Village and also students of Nongkrem Higher Secondary School.
He said he had met with the Deputy Commissioner of Nongpoh, the Chief Secretary and the Deputy.
According to the students, the fee for studying there is T.20,000 and besides that they have to pay T.1800 per month and T.15 thousand per month. Practical examination and the duration of study is 2 years.
He said the court had allowed the mining of coal under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act, 1957 and the Mineral Concession Rules, 1960 which has a mining plan and under the Mines Act 1952 and the Coal Mines Regulations .
On the opening day, a public awareness session on how to prevent and reduce the spread of HIV/AIDS was held by Rinibeth Patlong, Program Manager MCSWA TI CC Khliehriat at Ladrymbai.
The same exercise was also held in Jowai, West Jaintia Hills, West Khasi Hills, Ri-Bhoi and South West Khasi Hills as well as Garo Hills.
MDC election will be held.
As soon as our car arrived, the Christmas dancers stopped us and demanded Christmas money from us.
The project will be completed by October 31,
The incident occurred on the 14th of this month, after the killing of alleged Garo robbers at a coal mine about 5 km from Kulang village. It happened on the 2nd of this month.
On this occasion, the Magistrates have ordered some of the shops not to stand too close to the pedestrian and vehicular areas as it not only disrupts the traffic but also to protect the vendors from any incident lest they be hit by vehicles.
So far, four GNLA camps have been destroyed, 70 improvised explosive devices (IEDs), 1475 rounds of ammunition and half a kilogram of gelatin have been seized.
The name they gave was the same in Latin, and this is the name they know all over the world.
It is to be recalled that the government has issued a notice since July 2020 and revised it again in November 2020 to renew the fare of trucks from T.7 to T.11 per kilometer per tonne on colored roads. 8 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on roads and T.10 to T.12 per tonne per kilometer on dirt roads.
Of these, five cases have already been disposed of and the rest are undergoing hearing.
The union has decided to wait for the government's reply until 31st March 2013 on the Bill before taking any action on it.
He said that if there is any dissatisfaction in the market, the farmers and marketers can come to the Syiem's ​​office to find out so that the Hima can take the necessary action.
He said that the meeting also agreed to discuss with the government to resolve the border issue as soon as possible, as it is only due to the inability of the government. to rectify the border, has brought back a great deal of trouble to the people and especially to those living on the border with Assam.
Speaking to media, the Secretary of the party, Bah Olivertwist Marngar, said that their appearance on the streets is not to blame anyone or to condemn the government but because of the delay of the Prime Minister and the government. MDA on these issues demands for the Inner Line Permit, to include the Khasi language in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution of India, to sign a MoU on the border to relocate the Harijans and others, where the party would not take to the streets.
Furthermore, NABARD will also install hydrogen at Ialong Civil Hospital, Ummulong PHC, Nongtalang PHC and Anganwadis.
“There is no difference between the TMC and the children, this is an unfounded rumour,” said the BJP candidate. The party and the people have been shocked by these photographs.
Wandonbok Jyrwa, leader of the Commercial Vehicle Drivers Association, will contest from Mawlai and the mid-term candidate from Mawryngkneng on the Congress ticket, Bah Highlander Kharmalki. the BJP in the current elections.
The Supreme Court today ruled that there should be no restriction on the spread of information on social media.
The MAKO Team left Delhi for Dehradun on the 7th of this month and will arrive in Dehradun on the 7th pm. Shillong: The Government of Meghalaya has proposed to increase the price of petrol and diesel by T .2/- per liter tax on petrol and diesel which will come into effect from midnight on 8th June, 2021 to reduce the difference in the price of petrol with Assam and to improve the livelihood of the citizens of the state.
From the statement of the Prime Minister, it is understood that the Central Government has not set any requirements for languages ​​to be included in the Constitution or to be recognized in the Constitution of the country.
The song was composed by Tyngshaiñ Mylliemngap and the photography and editing was done by Wonderson Studio.
Maurya, who is also a BJP minister in the state, today resigned as a minister and was summoned to appear in a case seven years ago. which alleged that The Maurya, spoke disrespectfully of the gods.
As young people we should have a determined spirit to work hard, smart and stingy in the field of education and also not to be discouraged from working in any field.
Border Magistrate B Blah, Dy SP Headquarters MJ Marngar and his police team rushed to the area to witness.
He said that the surprising thing is that the ancients were able to ring these tall and heavy stones only with thning pathaw, jyrmi and even to throw them into the water, because of their faith. in religion the custom is very strong.
On the other hand, the union expects the government to take action on the demand of the union to make Jowai the Spring Capital in West Jaintia Hills District which is also the wish of all the people of Jaintia Hills. .
Bishop Victor said that there has never been a graveyard in history that has not been opened empty.
Addressing the organizers of the tournament, Conrad Sangma, Chief Minister of Meghalaya, said, “I firmly believe in the importance of playing time for teaching. children from the time they are young.
He said that as a leader, he is a person who keeps his promises because he understands that if the money is not available, he will not be willing to issue work orders.
Both the parties have strongly condemned the money laundering during the elections.
We have heard many times the complaints of the people about the behavior of those 'Kumar' in relation to the rule of law.
But the signs of the times show that the time is near when Jesus said – “You shall not worship on this mountain or in Jerusalem” means the key that holds in heaven and not on earth. to any ruler of the world.
they shall not leave in thee one stone upon another; because thou didst not tell me the time of thy visitation.
The parents also demanded that a parents' meeting should be convened every year so that decisions can be taken for the welfare of the school.
That she doesn't dream makes her believe that they have told stories about her house.
The court will hear the case on July
MAMTA is the governing body of the Muay Thai Association of India (MAI) and is headquartered in Kerala. It is also a member of the World Muay Thai Federation (WMF).
Chyne said that as it is an urgent matter on his part, as CEM he has directed the officers to submit the documents related to this matter within 10 days to find out. The HYC has already published in the media in which it has criticized the former ECs and Father Sngi (bam kwai ha dwar u Blei).
Despite treatment, his blood pressure started to stop and he died on 4th March 2020 at 4:38 pm.
On the other hand, the ADM, KL Nongbri, has appointed the EACs, DV Lyngdoh, L Kharmih and CP Mawkonki, the EACs of Khliehriat.
Besides these areas, he said that he intends to continue the planting of these medicinal plants on the border with Assam, because in these areas these plants grow well. He also plans to set up shops in Sonapur and Nogoan, Assam.
After a while, a civilian vehicle went to the BSF camp and when the BSF came out to talk, there was a clash between the two,” said Prestone.
Sanbor has won the MLA election since 2008 when Shillong South Constituency was known as Laban and has never lost an MLA election so far.
The 20 annual conventions held so far show the commitment to the beliefs of democracy within the Legislative Assembly, Birla said.
Jesus fights with us.
It is learned that the temporary closure of these vehicles to pass through the village is due to the ongoing repairs on the road and these vehicles will be allowed again after the repairs have been completed.
Paragraph 12 (b) which still exists empowers the Governor of Assam to suspend or release and regulate the proceedings of the Parliament or the Legislative Assembly of Assam in the Tribal Areas of Assam.
Khliehriat, Nailur 22: The San Shnong Cluster Level Multi-Purpose Cooperative Society ( San Shnong ) today celebrated its 10th Anniversary and held a special meeting at the Dong Pyrdi Community Hall in the village. Mukhaïalong, Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, A.Baranwal, IAS was the chief guest. R.Kynta, President Raid Tuber, H.Phawa, District Mission Manager, East Jaintia Hills District, K.Slong and others other government departments including bank employees, local elders, members of voluntary organizations (VOs), self help groups (SHGs).
On the other hand, SK Laloo, Sirdar of Mawlong Elaka, condemned the attack on KSU members and the people. because they are more paid than the Khasi in the village.
After the speech of other members of the House and before the EC could give clarification , Bah Sawkmie immediately stood up again and as soon as he stood up , he told the Chairman that he had already spoken to the CEM that he would let him speak.
Besides these, the RBYF also distributed awards to four students, for their ability to bring fame and glory to the district as a whole, including Heprit. Angelica Tynsong, who won the National Bravery Award, Dolyne Kharbhih, the second woman from the state to climb Mt.
He gave an example by saying that our people do not have a sense of responsibility to be clean.
“The state police department will discuss with the Assam police department to transfer him to Nongpoh police station as the incident took place in Meghalaya.
On the other hand, Bah Pius will be at the party meeting in Nongnah tomorrow to welcome the entry of NPP supporters Donkupar Massar and BJP supporters. , Bah TW Chyne may attend the meeting which will be held at Nongnah.
He said that the Patharkhmah CHC has also struggled to provide adequate treatment to these patients and as of now many of them have recovered and have been discharged from the hospital.
Therefore, the HNYF has issued a strong warning to the coal trucks not to misuse the village roads and at the same time the HNYF has requested the district police. and also to the district authorities to take action against these coal trucks which have misused the village roads, he added.
The union has directed the wholesaler not to report such problems as he has volunteered to do this work without being forced by anyone.
The EPA did not exist and what prompted the government at that time to bypass it is an unanswered question.
In a speech to the media, Tusk vowed to work with political parties in the country and also fight for unity even with parties opposed to the Centrist Party.
“Is the Cantonment inside Shillong or is Shillong inside the Cantonment?” he asked. “Is the Cantonment inside Shillong or is Shillong inside the Cantonment?” he asked.
In the first match of the Under-14 Boys category, Ïalong SS beat Achiever's SS 6-0
She warned that the attack would be more severe than the NSCN(K) attack on Indian troops in Manipur.
If this happens, these signatories of the MOU will become traitors, leaders and instead of getting fame and respect as they expect, they will follow fame. history of our country.
The KSU said that the order of the Supreme Court, dated 15th March 2015, has made it clear that it is not appropriate to implement Aadhar and therefore, this is an announcement, which is against the the order of the court.
For a while we were able to breathe a sigh of relief after the lifting of the dam and tightening of the rules, people were able to go back to work and earn a living.
He said the state government cannot compare the nurses who graduated from the government sector with those who studied privately.
Ma HH Mohrmen, one of the residents of Jowai and a leader who contributed articles to the newspapers, while speaking at the protest against the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang on the 10th of this month, said that the Meghalaya government It has launched the Swachh Bharat Mission, which aims to bring about cleanliness.
Therefore, the union requests the exporters, managers and drivers to give Tika injection, so that they can protect themselves, their families and the area as a whole.
Bah Jemino also expressed his concern over the coal blockade and said that it is necessary to look into this issue urgently.
Thank you very much," said the brothers. After receiving the letter, they left with a happy heart.
After the opening of the dorbar, the residents expressed their happiness that they had a smooth and orderly dorbar in the midst of the rain and without any disruption.
Compared to other incidents in other parts of the country or states, it cannot be said that Meghalaya, which has only 10 per cent of its population, has grown well in these crimes.
Nongpoh, March 19: The MLA Cup Football Tournament 2022 organized by the NPYF Western Jirang Constituency has started today at Patharkhmah Stadium.
Vesper Lamare, who owns a chicken farm near the Khliehriat Community Health Center (CHC), has received a compensation of T.1 lakh after his chickens died from the wastewater flowing from the farm. care.
Many of the students who have been infected with covid-19 have gone to Delhi, Calcutta, Mumbai, Bangalore etc in the last semester.
The distance from Shyrwang to Lyngkhoi is 6 km. Vehicles coming from Mawkyrwat can also pass from Sohiong-Pariong Road via Nonglait Village.
Speaking to media after the meeting, Hek said that it is for this reason that the BJP has not been able to rise in the state.
The project has four components: natural resources, food, life support and knowledge.
He said that this award ceremony has been held every year and has been awarded to those students who have come forward, so that they can improve from one year to another in their studies and to achieve the goal of knowledge.
After drinking, they sat down for a while and then left the house of Bah Shanbor.
Bah Jason S Mawlong as the chief guest expressed his gratitude to the school and encouraged the management of the school to continue to grow and become one of the schools to spread education in the area. Umsning and soon the school will reach the Secondary and Higher Secondary levels.
Recalling the last conversation at the hospital in Delhi, Conrad said, “Dr Donkupar took my hand and asked me how the situation in the state is, how the people of the state are at this time. I don't know what to say,” said Conrad.
Dr.WR Kharlukhi was accompanied by the Chief Secretary Prestone Tynsong, Minister Lambor Malngiang and other MDA MLAs. (Congress) should not file nomination papers for the MP election, but the Congress MLAs should support Dr.WR Kharlukhi as he is the right person to become an MP from Meghalaya.
Replying to the allegations that there is a lack of development projects in the constituency, Bah Samlin said, “The opposition will always allege.
“Besides, the SDSEO office in a letter sent to the DSEL has misled by showing that the candidate who has been appointed has 50 per cent,” said Bah Khyriem. The SDSEO has admitted that it was a typographical error and will be corrected.
They also left for Gauhati on 29.1.2019 to take part in the meeting of the North East Democratic Alliance (NEDA), where they unanimously supported the BJP government in Delhi. The CAB Bill should be repealed, as it will further harm the North East if it brings in tens of millions of Indians around the world.
Shillong: The District Magistrate of East Khasi Hills District has banned vehicles from passing through the Umiam Bridge, where Vehicles allowed to pass through the Umiam Bridge will be only passenger buses and small vehicles.
Even the Constitution speaks of equal rights for all citizens,” he said.
The SEB team, in collaboration with the police, has been working to eradicate the presence of marijuana and drug trafficking in the state.
Speaking to media after the meeting with the Dy.CM, HYC President Bah Roykupar Synrem said that the Minister has expressed his surprise over the RTI findings and confirmed to seek clarification. The Shillong Municipal Board (SMB) before the government takes a final decision on this matter.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie said that he is pleased to take part with the Nongbylla Union in this celebration of their 10th Anniversary.
The HYC has demanded that the Minister of Education should provide assistance to various colleges, to set up CUET examination centers in the districts of the state. The state will have four CUET examination centres, two in Shillong, one in Jowai and one in Tura.
The Government of India has submitted a report in Parliament on the current unemployment rate in the country and in the North East, showing that the highest unemployment rate in Nagaland is Meghalaya has the lowest unemployment rate, with only 1.5 percent unemployment.
They fall into the rank of general, non tribal or non ST. Once they lose the rank of ST, the trade of inheritance is also difficult for them in the tribal areas or those under the jurisdiction of the District Council. consider them as non-tribals.
He said that this recruitment scheme which has been in force for 50 years now does not have any quota for the disabled, who come from poor families, so it is necessary to fight against it.
Meghalaya's hosting of the ICF 2024 Canoe Slalom World Championships trials is a step forward to demonstrate the state's ability to host major competitions and its hard work to promote underwater sports. water sports.
He said that the Member Secretary of KHCF, Bah Allan West, had met the EC in recent days and promised to submit the report this month.
In the U-19 men's category, Pratham Majumdar and Rayneli Kharbuki (EKH) won the title.
“We don't have the right to dissolve the Executive Committee in KHADC but we (UDP, NPP).
However, on Monday, March 11, 2019, the political parties in the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) Government have unanimously decided that the NPP will The UDP will contest from Shillong Lok Sabha constituency with its own symbol.
Another good man like Peter will tell them if they ask questions,” said the father.
On the other hand, the state government has recently decided to find ways and means to implement the railway line in East Jaintia Hills District.
Chairman of JMB, Bah Lasooki Lakiang said that JMB has various schemes to help the residents of Jowai and at present JMB has a toilet construction scheme at a cost of T.12,0 and encouraged to take advantage of this scheme.
He said that the Agency and the Association will take action on the shortage of LPG Cylinders and now that peace has returned, they will try to provide LPG Cylinders according to the needs of the people. “If there is a shortage of LPG cylinders, it will cause problems to the people who have relied on these cylinders and the agencies will try to do their utmost to provide them according to the needs of the people,” said the authorities. the Ri Bhoi Gas Agency.
The injured were rushed to hospital for treatment and the two vehicles damaged include a taxi number ML 06 7565 and a commercial taxi. One of them has the number ML 05E 5449 and is a private vehicle.
A group of fish traders and traders in Ïewduh under the umbrella of the Khasi Jaintia Fish Wholesalers and Retailers Association (KJFWRA) on Tuesday met with the Minister of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek. to convey the demand of the fish vendors and traders to set up a testing center for imported fish at the top of the market.
Rangdajied FC will play against Youth Club Pdengkarong on July 3, while Mulait United FC will play against Rymbai Iawpynsing on July
Shillong: Three persons were killed in a Christmas song on the night of November 24, 2018, at Mynsngat village in West Jaintia Hills.
This will be the first time the tournament has been held at the U16 level.
These two houses were built and renovated by JHDS with the support of two donors from Germany, Thomas and Petra Meyer.
So she made the king send to Jerusalem to build this wall.
God said, “I know thy works, that thou art neither cold nor hot: I would thou wert cold or hot.
Since the time of the British Government, many methods have been introduced to resolve this border dispute and one of the methods that has been tried to be implemented in relation to Block I and II is to take a census of the number of ethnic groups in For example, if the villages with the largest number of Karbi, those villages will go to the Mikir Hills District and in the villages with the largest number of Hynniewtrep, those villages will fall under the Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
There was also a Miss Narpuh 2019 contest which was held for the first time in the area and a costume show by the famous models of the state.
As of April 2023, it has already allocated loans to 56 SHGs amounting to T.1,10,06000/- so that the members of the SHGs can improve their income.
OCHA also said Australia's contribution to the Afghanistan Humanitarian Fund has exceeded $5.1 million.
The meeting was also attended by the leader of the Domestic Workers Union who delivered a speech.
Those who follow the Khasi-Niam Tre religion have the right not to be called by that name and not to be converted to Hinduism.
Meanwhile, the Advocate General of the State Government, A Kumar and Plidar S Sen, told the court that the documents were available, but he asked for permission if possible. he shall not file further written statement in court on the written statement already filed in court.
The Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Friday said that the people involved in the murder of a worker in Mawlai Mawroh will never escape from the hands of the law and the police are now investigating. investigate and arrest them.
Speaking on the occasion, the leaders of the HNYF Womens Wing Umling Circle said that this is a step taken by the HNYF Womens Wing Umling Circle to share with the poor families of Sohkhwai. to buy clothes which is also part of the celebration of the New Year.
Once Jesus told the Pharisees that it is not right for people to pray.
“I love my family, I tell you the truth,” said Peter. “It's hard to find a man like you, but among these children, pride has increased.
Expressing his pride in Ri-Bhoi, Dr Cesletine said that Ri-Bhoi has also produced the Prime Minister, Bah DD Lapang, officers, doctors and many others.
The three suspects including the seized drugs were handed over to the Lilong Police Station for further investigation.
On the opening day of the puja, the CPC held a rally of all religious groups at Namghar in Laban in the presence of Governor V Shanmuganathan and various religious leaders. Muslims, Khasi, Christians, Sikhs and Buddhists among others.
The new school building consists of 5 classrooms and it is hoped that the opening of the new school will provide a clean and adequate learning and teaching environment for the students and teachers of this school. the school.
The heavy rainfall in the morning has also caused flooding in the residential areas of Lumsohkynphor, Golflink Dorbar Shnong.
The reason why the Union of Shiphew Shnongs has lodged a complaint against the traffic of trucks on this road is after the road has been severely affected, but not only that but also the danger. It is on the bridge at Lailad, which could collapse or collapse due to the movement of coal trucks.
TTC Marak, Principal Chief Conservator of Forest, retired, said that the reason for the inability to set up many wildlife sanctuaries is due to the lack of land. it is imperative now to consider the importance of having such facilities for wildlife conservation.
“I would also like to thank the KHADC for inviting the Union on 14th June 2018 for a meeting before we go to talk to the Government on that date,” she said. statement by Mr. RL Blah, Gen.
Shortly after this, God destroyed the two great cities.
“They say that if you have to earn a lot of buses, you will be able to drive a car but see if you are allowed to drive a car or not.
These new laws will also affect the implementation of the Public Distribution System (PDS) scheme.
Shillong: As part of the talks to resolve the border between Assam and Meghalaya starting from six sectors, the MDA government led by the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, on Tuesday said that the talks will begin in six sectors. Sangma, has held a meeting to get the views of the stakeholders in the State.
Bah CB Syiem, Secretary, said that the Union is pleased to witness the support of the people of Ri Bhoi District.
Macdonald Kharbuki of Marbisu was named Man of the Match and the NNSSCC has announced that the next match will be played on the 13th of this month. Shillong: Shillong Lajong FC beat North East United FC 8-0 in the first leg of the U-18 Youth League Shillong-Guwahati Zone on Saturday. MFA grounds, Shillong.
Shillong, Jymmang 26: U Narendra Modi, the 15th Prime Minister of the country, was sworn in today along with his Cabinet at a large meeting attended by about 4,500 people. people on the ground floor of Rashtrapati Bhavan, New Delhi.
It was implemented in Meghalaya in 2005 by the National Health Mission (NHM).
The ceremony will also include syrnot and momentos.
What Paul meant was that the foundation stone for the Medical College has been laid twice on the 3 acre land but now it has been laid by the Harijans.
The meeting was attended by Khliehriat MLA Kyrmen Shylla, Mowkaïaw MLA, Nujorki Sungoh, General Secretary of the UDP-WJHD, UDP MDCs including Winning G. Sungoh, Finelyness Bareh, Dawan Lyngdoh, J. Treilang Suchiang and Lomris Lyngdoh.
This order came after the Khasi Students Union (KSU) sent a petition to the Sub Divisional School Education Officer (SDSEO) of South West Khasi Hills.
This decision was taken after a meeting between the Fisheries Department and a group of fish suppliers and sellers today.
"There are companies which have not yet increased the price of edible oil and they have been advised to increase the price," said Sanjeev Chopra, Food Secretary to the Government of India, after the meeting.
J.S.Tongper.
This group believes that this war was foretold in the Bible and predetermined by God.
He also praised the staff of Amlarem Block for being one of the blocks which has implemented the 100 days scheme well and this has been achieved through the cooperation of the village leaders and the residents.
From the villages not to burn openly.
Amit Shah said we stand firm to restore peace in Manipur and their ability to return to their homes.
The good news from the counting of votes today is that the elections have been smooth and there has been no incident to affect the elections in the 59 constituencies. The election in Sohiong could not be held due to the death of the UDP candidate, Bah HDR Lyngdoh.
On the recent request by the State President of the NPP, Bah Prestone Tynsong to other parties in the MDA Government to support the NPP candidate, Bah Lyngdoh said, “As it is in the UDP , we have proceeded with the introduction of our candidate and the process will be completed in the next ten months or less.
In another development, the house of Quincidory Shallam, located in Lumsohra, Laitumkhrah, has been removed from the dam.
The final meeting will be attended by representatives of the Asian Cricket Council (ACC).
The painter has almost forgotten about the unfinished painting.
From Tyrna, they rushed to Sohra PS to report the incident.
Khmat chynrang represented the sword Khian in his hand, He went to the village of Langdoh.
It is to be recalled that in November 2019, a child fell into a deep well and Everbloom Nongrum without risking his life went down to the well to rescue his child. of a friend.
Shillong, Naiwieng 20 : Meghalaya lost to Jammu and Kashmir by an innings and 38 runs in the two-day U-19 Cooch Behar Trophy match at Mangaldai, Assam on Tuesday.
The Jews did not know that the Word (Jesus) was with God and that the Word was God.
On the other hand, the government should have set up the Directorate of Prosecution but has not done so yet.
Khliehriat, Nailur 08 : It is not clear why the National Highway Authority of India (NHIA) and the government have acted so slowly regarding the deterioration of the National Highway 6 in East Jaintia Hills District. This has also caused darkness to all the residents of the district and all those who pass through this NH road. to the street.
The desire for fame or glory is something that God does not approve of except in Himself, who gives fame and glory in our lives.
Regarding the screening until late at night, he said, “Regarding the night, we admit our mistake.
East Khasi Hills has 24 new cases, Ribhoi 6 cases, South West Garo Hills 7 cases and West Garo Hills 40 cases.
At the Treatment Plant, a large water reservoir has been installed, a filter house, a chemical house, a flash mixer and a clear water reservoir. discharge the treated water from the Treatment Plant.
The coal is located at four sites, Phramer Traffic Cell, Phramer 70 MT, Jowai Police Reserve, Jowai 45760 MT, Khlookynring 21.12 MT and Shkentalang and surrounding areas 1031 MT. .The date and time of the auction will be on 1st July 2023 at 12:30 PM. The minimum price per Metric Ton is
Another union has also received complaints from the residents of nine villages including Tongseng, Sonapor, Umkiang and Ratachera, that MeECL has failed to provide electricity.
It is worth mentioning that in these days, the issue of allocation of land by the government to the army at 7 mer which is the land of the Ministry of Agriculture, has been raised. If you have this intention, you are ready to remove the prime minister.
Shillong, March 27: U Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Prestone Tynsong on Friday acknowledged that there have been times when the government has forgotten the teachers and the great contribution they have made to the teachers. community.
Tura, Nailur 3 : After 39 days of riots in Tura, police today arrested another ACHIK leader who was accused of throwing stones at the Mini Secretariat while the Chief Minister of Meghalaya Conrad K Sangma talks to Seng Bhalang Leaders on 24th November
Besides this, I strongly urge any political party to take a decision to think carefully about the welfare of the people.
Through this treatment, Ethan has been able to recover gradually through the treatment and assistance of Physiotherapists, Occupational Therapists, Psychological Counselors and others.
This report is based on the PIE Index 2020-21 published by the Overver Research Foundation (ORF). Ministry of Education of the Central Government.
The cultivation of trees as mentioned above is a cultivation or plant that requires a large amount of land, so these beloved hills of ours will be destroyed and in the future they will become hills that will not be covered with snow.
And Lambor Sweet.
The contest in Selsella was between Adorsho, June Eliane R Marak of the Congress, Ferlin CA Sangma of the NPP and Sayeedullah Nongrum of the UDP. BJP MLA Surendra Singh has strongly criticized the actress for joining the Congress party.
The tournament was inaugurated by Sidharth Benerjee, President of the Jaintia Cement Manufacturers Association in the presence of the Waheh Shnong of Khliehtyrshi, Bah Kithok Rymbai.
Besides Dr. DD Lapang, Chief Adviser to the Government, there are seven Advisors to the Prime Minister, Conrad Sangma.
“We on the part of the party no longer want the government to be ruled by the Congress Party under the leadership of Dr Mukul Sangma because as we see its inability to work and lapmiet only in confusion and conflict without thinking. the growth of the state.
“The NPP has been threatening me and even in GHADC they have deprived me of all the rights that I should have had even after I won as a BJP MDC. others 1 crore.
Sources said that there will be changes soon but this will happen after the mid-term MDC elections where some MDCs want to remove Bah Pynshngaiñ N Syiem.
Speaking to reporters, the General Secretary of the Union, Bah RL Blah, recalled the meeting of the Union with the Chief Minister in which they expressed their fear that the VAb will be passed. Like that cock tied badminton which just moves from one side to the other and that is why they came to meet the CEM to expedite the work.
With only nine years to achieve our Sustainable Development Goals, this acceleration in services, expansion and improvement of financial services is essential to bringing about digital services for participation in financial business as a worldwide exchange.
After the announcement of the temporary closure of travel and agriculture, nothing else has been heard that the Government will announce financial assistance to the day laborers who earn their living from day labor, who earn in the morning and eat in the evening.
But thanks be to God the Father in heaven for sending His Son who is the Savior, the Deliverer, the Redeemer and also the Advocate.
For more information, please contact Bah Aaron Diengdoh (8787715454), Aris Suting (8974-281047), L. Thawmuit (8787635040) and DM Marbaniang (9
They violated the human rights of the longsan mansan in the Khasi Hima, especially the rights of Syiem Tirot Singh of the Nongkhlaw Hima and the chief Kiang Nangbah of Jowai in the Pnar Hima. to completely destroy the longbteng of the Pnar Syiem's ​​throne and to conquer the Jaintia Hills.
In 2009, these 7 households were also deprived of their NREGS 100 days salary, and it was not until 18th November that the Dorbar Shnong Umdohlun issued a The order and distributed a letter to these 7 families informing them that they will no longer be allowed to sit in dorbar, no longer be allowed to receive ration and no certificate will be issued to them for necessities such as opening bank accounts. They are not allowed to receive grants and others and are considered to be no longer residents of the village. It is also written in the order that they will not be issued a certificate to leave the village or move elsewhere.
Therefore, Russia has vowed to attack these other countries when the time comes.
“Our first goal is to come and pray for Bah Ardent, because as usual the HYC always puts God first to be the leader,” said Bah Shembor Langrin, President of the HYC. HYC Mawthadraishan Circle.
“This is to protect the indigenous people and minorities of the North East who have already been affected by the infiltration of Bangladeshi authorities,” said Bah Jyrwa.
However, Albinus informed later that his brother had not arrived in Shillong.
And Zeus, his father, said: “That which lives forever in Heracles has escaped death.
In October this year, the President also visited INS Vikrant and had discussions with the officers.
Speaking to reporters, the KSU leaders and the Rangbah Shnong Union, said that they will not allow Assam to implement the project to supply electricity to these border villages. that on their part they also might show it with power.
In the match of Pool D, Tuberkmaishnong beat Sutnga Mission SSCC 1-1
“We will be free to choose whom we want but as fellow citizens we will respect each other to avoid conflict in the community because I am contesting election not to hate or have any reason with no and no, but with the desire to improve and bring about economic development in the community," said Mr. Dawan.
New Delhi: The Election Commission of India (ECI) today banned Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath from contesting elections for three days or 72 hours. BJP leader Mayawati has been banned for 48 hours or two days from tomorrow.
This happened while they were accompanying the Governor of Meghalaya, Banwarilal Purohit who was on his way from Guwahati to Shillong.
Shillong: In protest against the decision of the Health Department of the State Government and as part of the efforts to force the MLAs and MDCs of South West Khasi Hills District to take action on health issues, Members of KSU Mawkyrwat Circle today closed down the office of the District Medical and Health Officer, Mawkyrwat.
? for even the people who work to enforce the law have misused the law.
Sometimes you can also use honey and kait to get rid of skin dryness.
However, the MLA Scheme will be implemented head-on, not at the household level.
The story doesn't end here, the birth of the daughter of Darika (Ekratia Khongtiang) in the midst of the turmoil was another part of the story that shocked the audience.
On the other hand, Bah Paul acknowledged that the political parties in the state remember only during the elections and the people do not think that the rule of law ends only during the elections and it is completely wrong. .
The University of Science and Technology Meghalaya (USTM) has organized the East Zone Inter University Chess Tournament 2023-24 for boys and girls.
Shillong, March 30 : The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills, Isawanda Laloo, IAS, has sought a reply from the FKJGP leaders on the violation of rules and regulations and the incident of violence and shooting on the day of the party's rally on 28th March. 2022 on unemployment.
“The Government has built a complex to accommodate doctors, engineers and other government employees under the same roof,” he said.
He also recalled that the SAG had taken back the money for the payment of salaries to the employees of JHADC, but he had filed a complaint against Ma Lakhon Biam alleging that the CEM of JHADC had misused the SAG Fund to pay salaries. salary, but the truth is that it is a retaliation for the payment of salaries.
Harvard professor Michael J. Sandel wrote in The Atlantic (April 2012 Issue): “There are things that money cannot buy—but these days, they are not many.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Former MLA Process T Sawkmie on Tuesday said that the election of the President of the Voice of People Party (VPP), Ardent Basaiamoit, which he said he had already won is just a dream. snow during the day.
Furthermore, it is believed that the inclusion of these fruits in your daily diet can relieve high blood pressure.
At the time of writing, no exact information has been received and the count may change, but it is understood that it may exceed 10,000 votes against Clement G Momin, the party's candidate. NPP.uForm.
The KSU has been strongly opposed to the railway issue since 1989 under the leadership of Bah Bull N Lyngdoh which has received the full support of the people and continues to this day. Without any strict and strong laws to curb the infiltration of mynder, the railway will be an opportunity and a way to facilitate the infiltration of mynder into the Bri U Hunniewtrep.
MLA/MDC of the constituency Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem was the chief guest on the occasion. Mawshbuit Bah Richard Nongkhlaw, Women's Associations, Rangbah Dong, Dr. Angel Kharumnuid, Children's Players, Leaders of Civil Society Organizations of the area and others.
Nongpoh: The Nongpoh Town Market Committee today set up another committee known as the Nongpoh Town Market COVID-19 Management Committee to look after the smooth running of the shopkeepers. the Nongpoh Town Committee.
At the same time, TUR strongly condemns the hostility and shooting by the Tripura government against the villagers who protest against this Act, said the statement.
She said that the proposal for the improvement of Iawmusiang has been allocated T.20.09 crore by the Ministry of Development (DONER), of which T.6.33 crore has already been released for the first phase.
Pleng are just like householders. The curiosity and curiosity about the behavior of other households is still strong here in our Khasi country.
Expressing his appreciation, the Minister of State for Electricity, Abu Taher Mondal said, “The State Energy Efficiency Performance Award shows our commitment to the improvement of electricity supply and encourages us to continue on the way to producing clean electricity in the future"
She said that the ECRP Phase-I is 100% allocated by the Central Government while the ECRP-II is 90% allocated between the Central Government and the State.
Jan said the reason why the KHADC has temporarily closed down the house of Hadrian is because it is looking for land to build a full office of the department in Mawkyrwat.
“I don't think the power will be the same in Maharashtra and in the central government in
The Secondary School was established in 2004 with the aim of providing education to children who do not attend school and also to those children who have dropped out of school part-time to encourage them to attend this school for the purpose of getting their education. knowledge and also will be saved from idleness.
Furthermore, there were those who said that Katy is a proud person who is very intelligent and loves to sing and for this reason she doesn't give advice to the participants of this competition.
One case is still in South Garo Hills, South West Garo Hills and South West Khasi Hills.
According to a statement from the PIB, she used to work at the Primary Health Center in Saipung and is now working at the Community Health Center in Sutnga in East Jaintia Hills.
Jotin Khardewsaw of the Congress received 6842 votes while Kitborlang Nongrem of the NPP received only 3222 votes.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Sanbor Shullai congratulated these women who have brought glory to the people of Jaintia Hills and the state as a whole and urged the youth to take up the challenge. their hard work as a role model in their lives.
Dr. B. Lato of the National Health Mission, said that the government has set a target that there should be no voluntary donation of blood to the Regional Blood Bank so that it can be used at any time. patients need not only be replaced if necessary for family or friends.
The Leader of the Opposition, Ma Awhai Andrew Shullai, opposed this and alleged that the Deputy Chairman has violated the rules of procedure of the District Council on the election of the Chairman because he did not have the authority from the Governor to elect the Chairman. council.
Introducing the bill, Adelbert said the bill was introduced to express the approval and opposition of the people of the state to the government's intention to recognize illegal activities in the state.
Shillong: Meghalaya receives 63 billion cubic liters of water per annum from rainfall alone, the Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said. Only 1 billion cubic liters of rainfall has been recovered.
I'm from Mangalore, I'm from Mangalore.
Imphal: Three people were killed and 30 others injured in a sudden attack on the Superintendent of Police's office in Churachandpur on Friday night, according to reports. This is due to the dismissal of a policeman, who was found to be sitting with armed men.
On July 19, Titos and his Executive Committee moved a no confidence motion led by NPP MDC Bajop Pyngrope against the ruling party. The Democratic Alliance (UDA) on the first day of the KHADC session. While explaining his remarks, Bah Titos said that it was a turning point by the NPP. refused to answer.
France tried their best to turn the tide but couldn't until the end of the first half and this gave Croatia a 1-0 lead.
She gave an example where children or children if they want something they threaten their parents to get what they want which is also a disorder.
Chauhan said one of the prominent achievements of the Government is the step it has taken to resolve the border dispute between Meghalaya and Assam.
Janata Dal United leader Gulam Rasool Baliyavi today said that the NDA will not get the number of candidates after 23rd June 2019 and therefore, if it wants to form a government, it must to elect Nitish Kumar, Chief Minister of Bihar, as the Prime Minister of the country.
In the men's quarter final, Tyllilang Basketball Academy beat Rangjanai SC 56-34 points.
Dauruhipaia Pale (8', 83', 88') and Ambilstar Sun (29', 48', 50') scored three goals each.
At the same time, she expressed her regret regarding the lack of facilities at the school and urged the governing body and the Society for the Study of Law to send her a proposal so that will be able to raise financial assistance for the development of this college.
The second phase of recruitment for 1500-1600 posts will start soon.
The Dorbar Shnong Loomsooiung Newhill has given its full support to the call for a 36 hour curfew by the Dorbar Shnong Tympang Iawmusiang which will start tomorrow from 6 AM. 6AM and will end at 6PM on Tuesday to force the government to remove the garbage from Jowai.
But everything is according to the guidance of God the Creator.
So Jesus forbade the crowds by saying – “Do not be called Rabbi or Rabbi, for one is your teacher, the Christ alone, for you are all brothers ( brotherhood).
The meeting was attended by Chief Ministers of States/Ministers, Lieutenant Governors/Administrators of Union Territories, Senior Officers of the Disaster Management Department of State/Union Territory Governments, Members, (NDMA) , NDRF, FS, CD and HG, NIDM and senior officials of the Ministry of Defence, acknowledged that the Central Government and the States have reached many milestones. in the last 9 years.
Shillong, Nailur 11: The Meghalaya High Court on Thursday rejected the bail of Sub Inspector Nurul Islam. the Court of District and Session Judge earlier.
However, one of the sad things is that these birds are more likely to live in Umru village, which has been forcibly invaded by Assam from Meghalaya.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, expressed his gratitude, congratulations and respect to the Khliehriat Higher Secondary School. He said that the past will be remembered forever in his life.
This law shall apply immediately until further notice.
The final will be held on 13th October, with Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma as the chief guest.
Alleging that the appointment of A.Ali is not in accordance with the rules and is wrong, Bah Basaïawmoit said that the approval of the Cabinet regarding the appointment of A.Ali is unfair. especially for those teachers who teach in various Polytechnics.
To introduce them to the relevant authorities3
“In order to be able to fill the vacant posts as we have done in other departments like Education, Health and Police.
The vehicles were parked in line for about 15 kilometers starting from Wahkoh Umkiang, near Kalain, which is about 170 kilometers from Shillong.
Therefore, this organization is trying to continue to hold such events so that the patriotic voice will continue to live in our beloved country.
This will be another benefit to the people who come into agriculture through digital activities, the use of information under PM KISAN as the basis of information about farmers in the country and this will be looked after by the states. .
Therefore, in order to maintain the festival, we must learn how to manage all these activities whether it is the payment of prizes to the cows so that it does not become too high, or the price of entrance fees. to the cow slaughter so that the nominal charge is low and does not affect the small bapli who wants to spend time sightseeing at any time, the installation of strong fences along with the installation of volunteers so that the public can enjoy themselves and also to avoid putting human lives in danger when the cows run away.
B.N.KhongwarIt cannot be said that the Khasi people are the smallest ethnic group in the world, with a population of only 15 lakhs according to the government census in 2011 (2 Census).
When asked about the implementation of the Roster, the Minister said that there is nothing to say backwards or forwards, but the recruitment is a continuous process.
ISLAMABAD: A five-judge Supreme Court has overturned the order suspending the hearing on the no-confidence motion against the US government. Imran Khan, who was not present in the National Assembly.
Raising the issue in the House, Mayralbon said it is regrettable that teachers who should have sat inside the classroom to teach the students, but had to wear the iong flag.
When asked whether she has called her house since she disappeared on the 19th, Thei said that she last called her on the 20th July at 12 noon. “At 12 o'clock I got a phone call, I said no,” she said.
In the midst of a great surprise, the bike was not found in the area, but after a while, some passengers found the bike in Pahamrioh, which was found in the area. The accident occurred about 4 KM from the scene and it is believed that the bike was hit by heavy vehicles.
He said that the police through the evidence they have collected from the scene of the incident and through the testimony of these children and through the medical reports and other witnesses, they have received nine suspects have been arrested so far.
By misrepresenting that he was attacked by the Garo, the Prime Minister has betrayed the people who made him Syiem,” said Bernard in a statement.
He said that it is not the problem of the Khasi leaders if the Shongknor does not provide when the Central Government has already given the authority to do so.
KHAM will demand that the government should implement the Inner Liner Permit (ILP), to review the issuance of trading license to foreigners. , to strengthen the powers of the villages as Rangbah Shnongs as established by the ancestors, to prevent the invasion of Assam as happened in the border area in Jirang and other parts, and others.
The theme of the day was, “Medical Professionals: Health and Wellness.
“There are cases where the kur have lost their property, there are children who have to file a complaint and their parents have brothers who have filed a complaint with the last sister, where On my part, I have brought in a law that will be able to provide for all”.
Shillong: The HANM today expressed its concern over the stinginess of the state government to follow up on the allegations of some Bengalis from abroad, especially those published through Former Governor of Meghalaya Tathagata Roy's Twitter Account.
“This government has not been able to explain and explain the situation of Shillong and for that reason, it has been rejected three times without entering the Smart City project,” said Bah Bindo.
Police arrested Abu Bakkar from Barpeta Assam and found him carrying 24 gold biscuits weighing 0.8 kilos and worth about 50 lakh tyngka.
Renan, on the other hand, was shocked when police officers raided his house on that day.
Even the most intelligent officers who have passed the competition exams but some of them are not clever and do not know how to communicate with the people. but when they are allowed to work or do practical work, they completely fail in their work.
“The political situation in 2018 and 2023 has changed dramatically.
Jowai: Former JHADC MDC and Congress leader Willy Bertus Suchiang passed away today after a stroke at Shillong Civil Hospital.
Khliehriat, Nailur 14: The Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, in a statement today, announced that small miners from East Jaintia Hills District can apply for prospecting licences. or Mining Leases to carry out scientific mining which is an environmentally friendly mining.
In the second leg, Sonapyrdi FC beat Lumsohskie FC 1-0
The JD(S) joined hands with the Congress and formed a government with HD Kumaraswamy as prime minister.
He said that the party is growing rapidly because it has hardworking leaders.
Also present on the occasion was the President Rangbah of the HSPDP, Bah Hopingstone Lyngdoh, MLA Nongstoin, who has never lost an election. of various departments who were elected today.
“Religious practices that do not accept the teachings of Jesus Christ are unacceptable to Christians.
Speaking to the Leader of the Opposition, Bah Ardent Miller Basaiawmoit, Rakkam Sangma said that the debate can summarize two questions, who raised the Legislative Assembly and who raised it. “Forgive me, I am not speaking as a Garo or as Rakkam Sangma but as the Minister of Education,” he said. Miller Basaiawmoit to understand the consequences of his actions.
The KSU congratulates the MLA of Sutnga Saipung Constituency for her speech on the Industrial Training Institute, Khliehriat Branch in the Legislative Assembly recently.
Here we see that our legislators do not think of relieving the people from the problems in case of conflict with the judiciary.
The infiltration of the authorities in this era has brought about many evils which have destroyed the stability and integrity of the people of the state especially the youth.
Therefore, the children should be left without anyone to correct them.
Fear is in the heart.
Without a doubt, this rapid growth cannot be achieved by Nagas alone.
General Secretary: Swari Ryngkhlem 4.
The number of recoveries has risen to
“In order to end the problem in these border villages, these Hima authorities should have created ways and means how to secure the border of their Hima and not just to enjoy the border villages. neither Sirdar nor Syiem, but for personal gain from the products of the kingdom.
“I am the leader of the people so if the party is able to contest for me to represent the people of the state I am ready to do so,” she said.
He added that the party expects the Central Government to announce the inclusion of the Khasi Language in Schedule 8 on the occasion of the 50th Anniversary of the State in
Expressing the benefits of the 4 day training, one of the participants, Bah Khrawkupar Shangdiar, member of VWSC Photjaud War said that first of all he knew how to treat and test the water before using it. how to maintain the water supply through the JJM so that the village can have access to drinking water, how to hold water meetings, how to hold and to collect water bills to maintain or repair water shortages and how to manage water with love and respect for the environment.
What has angered the Seng is that these Khar poiei have tried to extort money from the members of the Seng so that they can escape, but this action of them is still angering the members.
You will see the rich man and the rich man.
Jowai, Naiwieng 23: The Super Division Football Tournament 2023 was held by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA) Jowai today at Nangbah Stadium. , Northeast Jowai.
The Nongkrem MLA said that recently there has been another attempt to violate the Land Transfer Act, through the proposal of the Ministers of the State Government to allow foreign doctors to buy land. in Meghalaya, in order to provide and fill the shortage of specialist doctors.
Earlier, the Meghalaya Urban Development Authority (MEA) is conducting a thorough review of the NGT's order to demolish the buildings in Wahumkhrah.
“This bridge connects many villages in the Mowkaiaw area, between the villages in Shilliang Myntang and Raliang Elaka. “It's a good idea to have a long distance road like Nartiang-Ionglwit-Barato Road and Pasyih-Mynso-Mookynshnian Road,” said Kular Skhem Sariang, leader of the bridge. “The completion of the bridge will also make it easier for the school children to go to school like Mawkyndeng Mowkaiaw and other places,” said Kular.
When thinking carefully, the state government and the central government should also be honored for bringing these roads to the state to facilitate the people in coming and going and especially the availability of roads. Full participation of the people is indeed the only way to improve the economic development of the people.
"The staff of Robert Hospital has acted quickly, while the committee is doing its work, we have not received the report from the special committee appointed to read the report sent by the hospital authorities," he said. said Pastor Phawa.
However, the Government has decided to work hard to stand against such organizations and will take strong action to suppress them.
The total number of employees in these jobs in the state has now reached one lakh, including all the districts from Jaintia Hills to Garo Hills.
Today, the court received a report on the condition of the woman's health.
It is worth mentioning that the JACAC is a group against the Khalai Act in Ri Bhoi and against the Khalai Act in the state. Samla Ferdynald Kharkamni, Secretary of the JACAC, said that the JACAC has been established in Ri Bhoi District. James K. Sangma, who said that the Khalai Act should be repealed, is because the government has not yet issued a clear written notification.
Furthermore, those Nepalis who have not been arrested, the Unit urges the police to arrest them immediately and detain them under strict conditions and if the police do not do so, the union will not hesitate to become policemen. ," said a statement from the Seng.
When asked whether the dorbar bah on the 5th will be different from the dorbar bah on the 30th of July at Polo Ground, he said: The KHADC Dorbar has sent an SMS to the Rangbah Shnong.
She feels that it is a misleading statement by the government which has forcibly adopted an unnecessary law.
Shillong, Naiwieng 10: Shillong, Naiwieng 10: The traffic jam in Shillong has been very severe in many parts of the city.
After the date was postponed to the 9th of this month, the Dolloi asked for time to hold the meeting on the 14th of this month. The meeting was held on the 12th of this month but this too did not succeed, which has put the people in darkness due to the actions of the Dolloi.
Who respects you,.
Nongstoiñ, June 28: Tuesday of this month was a memorable day in the history of the GNM School of Nursing, Nongstoiñ. in the state, where 20 youths who came for training have completed their training and have been sworn in before going to the jobs that the government will send them to the places various departments within the State and District for the purpose of providing services to the public.
After this, she wrote another letter requesting a letter to prove that she has not been evicted because she has suffered in the village. It was reported that those who received this letter were allowed to buy food in the village and also to ride.
In the second leg, Lumshken SC beat Shiliang Umshong SC 1-0 through Markos Bareh (11).
It is not uncommon for the government to announce vacancies because even those who have been appointed have been appointed from the household.
Alfond said the Meghalaya Farmers' Union will work with the farmers from Cachar Hills to submit a request to the Chief Minister of Assam, Himanta Biswa Sarma and also to the Prime Minister of India. Amit Shah to express the problems faced by the residents of these villages due to the forced invasion of Assam to run the electrical signals of the Power Grid which also requires the erection of towers in these villages.
On the other hand, Congress MDC from Mylliem, Ronnie V Lyngdoh, said that if the BJP's CAB is implemented, it will be a threat to the minority.
This statement came after reports that Ampareen Lyngdoh and Jasmine Lyngdoh may join the National People's Party (NPP).
The voice of freedom will stir up their patriotic hearts, and they will stand firmly to regain their country and rights.
CHAPTER – 5The friendship between Hiram and Rikynti became closer and closer as time went by.
“The problem of women is the lack of wages in agriculture and the environment is lyngshop”.
I don't know who would dare to eat or stay in such a hotel.
When asked whether KHNAM intends to form a government after the elections, Adelbert said, “Politics in this state is unknown. Who knows if it is KHNAM that will invite other political parties to form a coalition government,” said Bah Adelbert.
On the other hand, the Garo feel that this right which they lost in the past should be resolved and they should get their share now.
She urged the Commissioner and Secretary to look into this behavior of his subordinate officers, which has affected the dignity of the education department in the state.
Unhealthy lifestyle is the main cause of this disease.
According to Kong Ampareen Lyngdoh, his sister, the cremation of Bah RG Lyngdoh was his own wish and as a family they respect this wish.
Meghalaya Police on 3rd November arrested a drug dealer and recovered drugs worth T.15 crore from him.
“Lake Umiam is almost at the bottom line of shutting down.
The JTTA expresses its gratitude to Ma Sungoh for taking the initiative in this regard.
Shillong: The Symbud Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Prestone Tynsong today inaugurated the Milk Collection Center and the office of the Iatyllilang Multipurpose Cooperative Society at Myrkhan in Upper Shillong.
He said that after inspecting and reading the laws and regulations relating to parking bridges, parking spaces, parking lots, CCTV cameras and others should be installed.
It also opens up the movement of people from one side to the other.
“They will be taken to court tomorrow,” said the SP. In another incident, police have confirmed that the body of Coniwell Thabah, who went missing on 12th November, was found from Umlyngka. The vehicle was found in Lumawmbah on the 15th of November.
There were 12 matches on Saturday at the Third Ground, Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium and Futsal Ground.
On the other hand, Justice BP Katakey, a retired judge, submitted his 16th report to the High Court.
We would also like to thank the Synjuk Waheh Chnong Ri for sending a message of congratulations through its leaders to Behdeiñkhlam ka Raij as well as to the various civil society groups in the Bri u 7-Trep, 7-skum who sent a message of congratulations. Behdeiñkhlam to the children of Raij Tuber, to the tourists of the world and also to all the people from all over the country who came to witness Behdeiñkhlam and also to those who could not come face to face but still have the spirit of cooperation.
Mookyndur SC has won the 1st Division Football Tournament for the Chatister Kharkongor Memorial Trophy 2023 organized by the West Jaintia District Sports Association (WJDSA).
Pranab said it was painful to see the insecurity of women.
Heavy clashes broke out in Manipur on 3rd June after the Tribal Solidarity March held in the hilly districts of the state as a sign of protest against the Tribal Solidarity March. The Meitei people have been included as Schedule Tribes.
B.Kurbah scored the first goal in the 90'
He said it is the right to demand in democracy and the Constitution of the country allows to do so.
On the second day, 93 new cases of COVID-19 were confirmed, 2 deaths and the death toll has risen to 1425 in the state.
In addition, another law that protects women specifically, is the right to claim compensation by appealing to the court against any man who gives birth to a child, but does not take care of it and leaves the child alone. marry another woman.
In a special meeting held on Saturday, the MDCs congratulated Bah LG as the new Chairman of the Council and wished him success in running the Council. the Legislative Council.
At Borkhat, as it was the center of travel from Sutnga to Jaintiapur and from Jaintiapur to Sutnga, the Syiem sent to build an oil road.
Iaraplang, who is also a player of Iewrynghep Secondary School, has also taken part in the Subroto Cup (U-17) this year.
Shillong: A man has tried to steal money from an ATM of the State Bank of India, Umsning Branch. put money.
In fact, the organizers of the meeting had planned to hold a march to the Secretariat but the government did not allow and it ended in a public meeting.
“One side came to file a complaint but the other side refused and this caused another fight and led to a fight with the police chiefs at the police station. They burned these chariots outside,” he added.
Chief Minister Conrad K. Sangma also had a chance to talk to the people after the programme.
The KHADC has summoned the Syiem of Nongspung for a hearing on the issue of money laundering and the village riots.
The Federation alleged that even the materials used to build the road are not suitable and besides that the thickness of the road when painted is only 10 inches.
Ranaut has alleged in recent days that there are drug addicts among the actors and she was speaking on the death of Sushant Singh Rajput.
He said that as an MLA, he will give an account to the people of what he has tried to bring about development in the constituency in these years.
BSF troops of 172 Bn today seized two cows, which were intended to be smuggled to Bangladesh.
Earlier, the Chief Secretary to the Revenue Department, Dr. RC Laloo, said that 17 land owners including army land who have been allocated for the construction of the Umroi Airport have not received their land. the pan is opened.
The PAC also summoned the Department of Mining and Geology to appear before the Indian Bureau of Mines at a cost of T.44.20 lakh but it has been pending for many years.
The death toll from COVID-19 has risen to 913 in the state after five more deaths on Monday.
In a statement, the President of the Association, Samla Edmund Khongngai, urged the Associations not to be afraid just because the government has opened the trade at Tamabil Dawki.
Khliehriat, Jymmang 02: The fourth Lukha Festival has been held near the Lukha River in Sonapyrdi, East Jaintia Hills District.
You're not going to".
These workers who were arrested by the police while mining coal are from Assam.
Self-confidence, perseverance and determination are essential to reap the fruits of victory.
According to information received by this reporter, the elderly woman, Henolis K. Sangma from Umduba village, had gone to quarry stone with her friends, but she was injured. This happened during the time of her rest, because at that time she was allowed to fall on the stone until she died.
But they were silent," she said in the letter.
“However, if it is to be sold within three months, it will be like an auction, where the ownership fee will not be paid,” said Hambertus.
The Nongpoh Traffic Branch today conducted a search operation on the National Highway in Nongpoh and many of the illegal vehicles were fined according to the rules and regulations. put by your government.
The residents, who are traders, have lost their belongings in the floods, which have affected Ganesh Bazar, Sheopur, due to the floods. um in these last days.
Shillong, July 16: The Seng Umsaw Mawjynrong Mawblei today celebrated its 13th Anniversary at Mawlai Constituency.
Will the people of Mawlai forget the actions of the UDP which was involved in the killing of Bah Cheristerfield?
At the same time, the Cabinet also approved the speech to be read at the Independence Day celebrations to be held across the state.
Shillong, July 18: Two Junior Engineers of Shella Bhola Ganj C&RD Block, Sohra have been suspended from their posts. who has worked for two years in this Block.
For example, the battle between Germany and Satya cost 300 tyngka in Jaintia, the battle between Satya and the prince cost 300 tyngka and so on in other battles in Jaintia.
On this occasion, the people who came to the market in Nongspung market came together to listen to what the leaders of these two markets said on the CAA and the ILP. Sonia Gandhi, the interim president of the Congress party, immediately went to Sir Ganga Ram Hospital for treatment.
The Chief Minister's Under-12 Football Tournament and the Inter-School Athletic Meet witnessed the participation of up to 12,000 children from across the state.
This tournament will be held in four venues; in Shillong Zone, Tura Zone, Jowai Zone and Mawkyrwat Zone.
Blessed is the King who comes in the name of the Lord, peace in heaven, and glory in the highest! ….
Daniel Lalhumthanga of Mizoram won the gold medal in the senior boys individual podium.
KSU Wapung led by Deiniwan Lyngdoh President and Shwari Ryngkhlem General Secretary after receiving a complaint from the residents of Moolamanoh They immediately lodged a complaint with the DC to demand the immediate deletion of the names of these foreigners.
“Ap Hep, I'm going to close the house.
Other states in India have implemented this Act, and Sikkim and others have implemented laws that are similar to the ILP, therefore it would be wrong to say that in Meghalaya it is not. which is acceptable.
The AGP will contest from Barpeta and Dhubri while the UPPL will contest from Kokrajhar.
With words of heartfelt and sympathetic words, the mother said that it is the last chance as a mother with a small strength to work hard, but as a woman she has not produced tens of lakhs to fill the needs of the mother. I would like to request all those who have the opportunity to contribute because the mother as a mother is not strong enough and if she doesn't get help they don't have any other way to send her child to go. The competition will start on 14th March and will last for about two months, said Kong Sherita.
Lahkmen Rymbui in his speech said the government has tried to meet the needs of the students according to the present era and urged the students to make proper use of the benefits received from the government.
Montiel scored 4-2 to win the World Cup for the third time in 36 years.
The raid aimed to kill the chief of the Maoists, Hidma.
Police have recovered T.37,500 from him.
A few years ago, there was a restructuring of all the constituencies in which some constituencies were abolished to produce new ones.
Sonia Gandhi was elected as the leader of the MPs at a meeting held today.
Four members of a family have lost their lives in the heavy rainfall in Ri-Lum Jaintia Hills District. buried alive in the earth that collapsed on top of their house as they slept soundly.
The VPP has the most intelligent members of other political parties, therefore we expect them to explain to the public what the roster system is which the Supreme Court has strongly criticized since last year (2022) and isn't the Roster System necessary so that the Reservation Policy or the allocation of jobs can be smooth and fair for any group – Khasi-Jaintia 40%, Garo 40%? , 5% other backward groups and 15% any other Indian.
“It is worth mentioning that the complaint against the DGP was lodged by the former MPS and Inspector General (AIG) Bah GK Iangrai on the allegation that the DGP has committed illegal activities. illegal and fraudulent activity using a vehicle fitted with a fake number plate.
When asked how many months he cultivates sying every year, Bah Syiemlieh said that this year he cultivates only 20 months because he is not healthy.
The local taxi (ML 05E 6607) was also carrying 4 batteries stolen from four vehicles parked at Last Stop Laban on Tuesday night.
Berennice Anerict Tang of North Liberty High School, Jowai came third and Kamphereiei Pala of Moolamylliang, Jowai came third. five.
The number of new cases in the country has risen to 421, bringing the total number of cases in the country to 10,0
At the time of the drafting of the Khasi Social Custom of Lineage Bill 1997, there was a leader of the Seng Khasi who was the Chairman to push for the passage of the Bill and it became law in
According to the scripture, “There is a time for war, a time for peace, a time to work, and a time to rest.” and addressed the leaders of the Government of India.
The building was constructed at a cost of T.9,60,000, of which T.7 lakh was donated by the MP Shillong through the MPLADS and T.2,60,0 how the meeting of Mowkaiaw.
That is how you rob the widow and the fatherless" (Isaiah 10:1-2).
This is something we cannot accept and must change completely.
A tobacco reduction campaign will inevitably reduce morbidity and mortality.
Meanwhile, Bah Paul Lyngdoh, who took part in the meeting, said that the law is strict to punish those involved.
But now he has appeared once for all at the end of the ages to take away sins by the sacrifice of himself. in whom also he hath made him to be sin for us unto them that look for him unto salvation" Hebrews 9:23-2
There were only two buses of Bah Tabung (Late Bransis Nongrum) the fare from Nongstoin – Shillong was Rs 8/- (Phra) tyngka. There are very few people going to Shillong. The two buses are not crowded and they have to carry many kinds of market goods.
Besides, the government has also tried to create opportunities to use buses to get to and from school to reduce the number of vehicles on the road.
The Wire reported that these machines have been returned to the manufacturers for repair and that these machines, which are bad, are also among the machines. The latest and newly used machines by the Election Commission and these machines, which are bad, are the latest M3 machines, which were launched in
“Yesterday the village headmen met me and told me about the practices they used to do in the past but suddenly they were banned by the court,” he said.
The Chief Executive Member (CEM) of the JHADC, who is in charge of the budget of the council, has submitted a lower budget of T.19.99 crore for the year 2019-2
This remark has caused almost all the NPP leaders from Conrad to Prestone Tynsong to shout.
The Seiñ Raij Jowai also urges the public to come back on the morning of the 7th where there will be speeches by the elders and various dances.
The BJP leader's remarks have caused a great deal of trouble to the tribals, by attacking the Hindus from Bangladesh, because in Assam he praised it by saying that it is the body and soul of the Assam Accord.
At the same time, he said that the union demands that the Government should clarify the reports that the equipment has been taken from the Maternity and Child Hospital (MCH) from Nongstoiñ to Mawkyrwat.
Furthermore, 36 students who have passed well with Gold Medals in various subjects were honored and the University has expressed its satisfaction that the students have the responsibility to do well in the examination. their education, for their own benefit and the benefit of society as a whole.
He said that they will have to investigate the reason and officers will be sent to conduct an inspection of such schools to find out the reason.
The Meghalaya Police Department has lodged a complaint against the Assam Police in connection with the shooting death of Khasi in Mukroh, West. Jaintia Hills District.
“Pala said it is wrong for the four MLAs to say that the Congress has not allowed them.
Lahkmen said that there are many other changes and what affects the state is that it will try to ensure that in terms of language it will remain as it is or status qou as it used to be. It will be the major language while Hindi will be only from 5-8 classes.
The independent candidate, who is contesting the election from Madurai South constituency, proposes that if he wins, he will take his voters to the moon, he will also provide helicopters, robots to work at home. then he will give you a lot of gold and a lot of chariots.
He said that the Myntdu River has damaged a large area, including the hali in Ialong village, so he said that he will provide assistance through the Chief Minister Special Development Program to prevent the damage.
According to the CAG report that year, the government's inability to implement the RTE has been due to the government's inability to implement the T.900 crore.
Besides, even in the North East, there has been violence since the time of the struggle for the state and that continues today especially on the border dispute with Assam.
Furthermore, the MLA expressed his full support to the political parties who stand on the basis of opposing uranium mining like the HSPDP party, which has stood for decades to oppose the mining of uranium. against uranium mining.
Earlier in 2005, there was a theft of question papers of the MBOSE. Speaking to reporters, Babu Khongjirem said that the theft of question papers shows that the examination is no longer clean. the morning.
Dapsming Kynjing (50) and Desai Phira (80) scored the two goals for Panaliar.
From Mandir to Motphran alone, the number of vendors is not less than 2,000, she said.
Martle said he had no knowledge of the rumors that the HSPDP leaders would leave the party as he had found that the party was still well.
Shillong: U Bah Kit Thabah, President of the All Meghalaya Dancer's Association (ADA), will sit alone in front of the Secretariat from 11 am on Monday.
However, when they see the turmoil within the Congress, the people are still waiting to see how the drama within the old party will end.
Ksanbor is the name of your brother.
He said that the rules of the tournament will be for three players per team.
It is understood that the owner of the school has allowed the students to take the examinations in the remaining subjects, but Sangma said he is very sorry. , that his children have lost some of the subjects that have been completed so far.
Byforcestar Dhar scored the first goal for Mupliang in the 35th minute.
Paragliders will have to land exactly within the middle area they have set on the ground before landing.
According to a survey by the International Food Policy Research Institute (IFPRI), PM-KISAN has brought many benefits to farmers and agricultural activities.
KSU Central Body Assistant General Secretary Bah Rueben Najiar and President KSU-SKHD also came to join the march. u Reebok Priest.
The Supreme Court today did not take any decision regarding the coal, which should be exported and which is still remaining in various coal mines in the state, the report said.
At the same time, the Director directed the students to submit a petition relating to their demands so that the government can take the necessary action.
The meeting between the farmers and the Minister was held at the District Library in Nongpoh, in the presence of Bah Mayrald Born Syiem, MLA Nongpoh, officers. who are in charge of agricultural activities together with leaders from farmers' organizations.
In recent months, Carrie Underwood, Kane Brown and Katelyn Brown have been announced as the winners of the awards ceremony.
(They) understand that we are here not only to say how much we will get but also how much we will give.
The ASHA ICDS Center in Ladmawreng has been destroyed and can no longer be operated.
Janicka Marak scored 21 runs for Meghalaya.
He denied that the government cannot employ them fully because it does not have the space to employ them.
Biden congratulated everyone for being able to vaccinate many Americans against the coronavirus and said that in 114 days, the number of vaccinations was the highest in the world.
Lahkmen Rymbui said that the top task of the education department now is to release the salaries of the teachers in November this year.
From this we know that we are living in the last days, the days of the fulfillment of God's prophetic word.
It was also observed that during the curfew hours the road was empty and no vehicles were passing except police vehicles and some government vehicles.
All of us, men and women, must bear the responsibility for any disaster that befalls the nation.
The Waheh Shnong of Umdilien, Ma E Sumer, who congratulated these elders for their willingness to donate to the disabled in the village.
The Chairman JMB said that for six months the employees of the JMB have not received their salaries, but they have not stopped fulfilling their duty to bring about cleanliness in the villages and markets.
On the expenditure of political parties and candidates, it has taken measures to ensure that there is no misuse of money, liquor, drugs during elections or distribution of items that attract you don't.
The HYC said that the Meghalaya State Youth Policy 2021 was announced on 1st November 2021 but the government has not implemented it yet.
Shillong: The Basan of Raid Saw Kur Nongkseh, Bah Nathaniel Thangkhiew, on Tuesday inaugurated the monument erected by Manosha Thangkhiew and her husband.
We see the image of God being hurt by people becoming refugees for many reasons.
Shillong, Nailar 9: Within 10 months of the publication of the column 'Khu blei kitbok ia u Bah UN Sun', Bah UN Sun has received hundreds of greetings from his friends. Send us your mobile messages from those who love the songs of U bah Sun.
The number of cases of COVID-19 in East Jaintia Hills has risen to 15 and the KSU Wapung has urged the people to follow the government's directives and stay at home and leave only if necessary. urgently to facilitate the health department to fulfill its duty to assist the people and curb the spread of the disease.
Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh as the chief guest in the presence of Raja Brahma ADC Ri-Bhoi as the symbud chief guest, Jurimita Puzari Project Manager, Nongpoh. Hans Foundation, Lalchandami Marak JRDO Umling C&RD Block, PP Yadav BMC Umling BRC and other elderly people, parents and their children with disabilities.
In this letter, they expressed their strong opposition to the Chief Minister's speech in the Assembly, in which he introduced the new name Mawmari Beel which has nothing to do with Maikhuli.
The construction of the road started in June 2006, but it was replied that the road could not be completed due to the proposal to build a double lane by the Ministry of Roads and Transport. of the Government of India and UCIL has not funded the rest.
After beating Mizoram by 137 runs for 146/3 on the first day, Meghalaya continued to score 267/9 in the first innings and scored more than 130 runs.
Program Officer Wandy EH Lamin said that the health camp was held as part of the Special Camp of the Thomas Jones Synod College which was held for three days.
Bapu was sentenced to life imprisonment.
He said that the Committee would like to congratulate this officer on the grounds that the elders and leaders of the area have found that in the appointment of this officer as BDO of Umsning C&RD Block has been able to bring many development projects to the villages in Umsiang area of ​​Ri Bhoi.
The Chief Minister on Tuesday visited the Hamilton Sangma Stadium at Bakenang Nalsa. Deputy Speaker Timothy D Shira, U MLA Pongseng R Marak, Kharkutta MLA Rupert Momin and former Bajengdoba MDC.
, he added.
Kong Badarisha Lyndem as the chief guest, encouraged the youth to work hard and to observe the rules of religion so that the glory of the family, the community and the community can be brought before the world.
Meghalaya will play against Karnataka on the second day.
Shillong: After receiving information from the teachers that the paiñ khana at the Additional Secretariat, has charged money for the travel expenses of the teachers, the HNYM; Under the leadership of the President, Bah Louis Dohtdong, they came to warn the toilet keepers that if they take money back from the teachers, they will come and close down the toilet, he said.
“What we want for the State is that in the next 40 or 50 years, those are revitalization, restoration and transformation.
The team that wins the second most points will receive a cash prize of Rs 50,000 and a trophy.
Their investigation is ongoing.
In another game, Touchline Basketball Academy beat the Oregon Grizzlys 68-56 points.
He forgets about other fellow human beings or creatures who have the same right to live and enjoy a full life.
Besides many issues, such as the Industrial Policy, the 1971 Cut Off Year, the cleanliness of the household, the union also expressed another issue. It wants the District Council to introduce a Reserve Policy or a special allocation for trade, which should no longer be allowed to foreigners to do the work that the Khasi can do, and It also wants the KHADC to suspend the issuance of Trading Licenses to foreigners.
Therefore, the Church has prepared the parking spaces for that day.
The signboard was erected near Anjali Petrol Pump Shillong, despite the spread of Coronavirus or Covid
The 108 workers under the banner of the Meghalaya EMRI Workers Union (MEMRIWU) have prepared to strike completely after two months of not being given the right to listen to their grievances. statement.
Furthermore, as the rainfall increased, the water level increased and it entered the houses of the people on the banks of the river as well as the shops selling food items and others. to the damage amounting to billions of dollars.
Her husband Obar Sutnga, 70, and Nidawan Kanai, 12, are also in critical condition at NEIGRIHMS. (10), and Riwansaka Suchiang (8 years old), died at the hospital.
INTRODUCTION: (1) The word Mission is broad.
The Minister will lay the foundation stone for road improvement projects worth more than Rs 3,400 crore to improve 43 roads including 38 bridges as part of the South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation (SASEC) Corridor Connectivity.
Although India's World Cup qualifiers have suffered after they were forced to withdraw from the AFC Asian Women's Championship in recent months due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in many of their players, The team made the right decision when they took part in the FIFA-recognized tri-nation friendly, beating Egypt and Jordan.
The fire has destroyed the office and small shops near the MTC. There was also a fire at the Toll Gate in Ialong but through the quick response of the staff to extinguish the fire. The toll gate was not damaged by the fire.
“I don't know you,” said the son.
Meghalaya is in Group A with Punjab, Baroda, Goa and Manipur as well as Kerala.
Shillong, March 21: Police of the Anti Narcotic Task Force (ANTF) on Thursday arrested three drug traffickers near Law College, Dhankheti, Shillong.
The troops said they had received a tip that two members of the Garo National Liberation Army (GNLA) were traveling from Kharkutta to Khilor in North Garo Hills.
The ILP is the same.
But I’m glad it’s being conveyed once again.
Some say that Jesus was not resurrected, that he was a man, that he died and died without being resurrected, and this way of saying happens even now that we hear for ourselves.
A source from the Urban Affairs Department said that MUDA is operating in accordance with the law and the government will not turn away from the protests of the people on the allegation that the land is outside the Shillong Municipal Board (SMB).
T.206.22 lakh has been released in 2016-17 to start the second phase of training for 3427 teachers but surprisingly, the second phase has not started yet. now.
Shillong, June 29: U CM Jha, the owner and Vice Chancellor of CMJ University, Shillong, who was arrested by the Meghalaya Police, will contest the MP election from Jhanjharpur Parliamentary Constituency tomorrow. Bihar.
In these two CQCs, there are 13 female students and 10 male students who have returned home from abroad.
“The election issues or manifestos are only after the elections, nobody knows anything, the people don't even ask the candidates when they come back to ask for support every five years,” said Robert.
“It doesn't mean that we hate other ethnic groups, we respect them but we should love ourselves,” said Bah Adelbert Nongrum.
This generation shall not pass, till all these things be fulfilled.
He said that many people are trying to mislead the BJP party that it is a party that persecutes Christians, but all these are just insults to the party and in India it is ruled by the BJP. BJP and BJP is not a party that persecutes Christians.
The EFCI Center Choir, Ribhoi Synod YAC COG (M&A), Nongpyndeng Presbyterian Church Choir, BMC Choir, Jaiaw Presbyterian Church Choir, TLM KJP Synod NBCC, UCC Choir, YAC COG (M&A), KJP Synod Sepngi, Ribhoi Synod, New Choir of KJP Synod Mihngi and others.
He said that the Meghalaya Games besides the goal of showcasing the spirit of sports, but also the most important platform for empowering the youth for employment through sports.
Many schools are now using virtual aids to teach children.
I don't need a husband, I don't need a husband, I want to make my family happy, but he comes to destroy me like this...” said Kmie Rida.
The Mawphlang MLA said that according to the information he has received, there are 5,61,931 households in rural areas in the state of which 3,65,731 households have been burnt down till March 2017, and those are still ongoing. There are 1,96,182 projects in operation.
On the other hand, the EM of Arts and Culture, Bah Victor Ranee said that it is true that these houses built by the Hima have been damaged and need to be repaired before the festival.
Ma Winning Garland Sungoh, Executive Member in charge of Trading by Non Tribal Department, thanked the Waheh Shnong and Secretary Shnong of Umkiang for their cooperation in this campaign. These shops of these foreigners who trade illegally without permits.
Nongpoh, Nailar 23: After the Syiem of Raid Marwet promised to provide a garbage dump to the people of Raid Marwet and Byrnihat area, the FKJGP North Khasi Hills District Unit under the leadership of Senior Vice President, Bah Lumlang Mawnai and leaders of FKJGP Byrnihat and Baridua Circle today visited the dumping ground for the residents of the area. Byrnihat and Raid Marwet as a whole have needed to bring about a clean environment. To inform the public, the FKJGP has taken action on this issue on the grounds that the people need that place. The FKJGP has also taken the initiative to talk to the Syiem of Raid Marwet because this garbage dump will benefit all the villages. Byrnihat and other villages from Byrnihat to Khanapara, Killing, Umtyrnga and Pilangkata, where they do not have a proper garbage dump to avoid the spread of garbage and as well as a threat to public health due to the spread of garbage.
The US is still helping Afghanistan to clear Taliban camps, but has not yet decided to stay in the country beyond the deadline. out in November this year.
He said that if there are any family members of the deceased who have not yet received this donation, they can ask for the list of those who have received assistance from the government to see if they have received this donation. name.
Shillong, November: The cleanliness drive of the Dorbar Shnong Lumshyiap will be held on the 12th November from 8 am until late.
According to information, there were two candidates including Bah Joshua Warjri and another.
He said that these allegations are childish talk just to get the sympathy of the people and to mislead the people but they don't know that it is something else.
“Why hasn't MeECL been able to repair these damaged transformers when the electricity bill is paid by the people,” said the Mawlai MLA.
Agatha Sangma, the NPP candidate, who also received the support of the MDA, today filed her nomination papers for the Lok Sabha elections from Tura constituency.
Shillong, Naitung 31: The Confederation of Ri Bhoi People (CoRP) has demanded that the state government should remove within 15 days the border crossings with Assam and the Assam police colony at Khanapara. The party will take responsibility if anything happens and the party will take strong measures against the illegal occupation of Assam which has dared to set up posts in Khanapara which falls within the border of Meghalaya.
After a while, the village authorities of Snongliehmawlieh have launched a search operation and arrested the suspect on Tuesday. After the arrest, the villagers handed over the suspect to the Nongstoin Police Station.
“The people have seen the opposition to the development of the CEM of KHADC,” said Bah Rowel.
They alleged that he has not been able to develop Nongpoh and Ri Bhoi.
She said that they have been able to be ready to prevent any incident, reduce and prepare in advance the measures in the conduct of activities.
“The people should understand that this Government has done it for five years, while others who have ruled for 20 years have not.
As the District School Education Officer, she wishes that the residents of West Jaintia Hills should have the responsibility to raise awareness on the importance of education and to improve the society. one of the Districts with 0 present in illiteracy and shall be the District with 0 present in education.
The children of Bri Shnong Khyndaw (meaning the children of thousands of those who are not from Tuber) are called Sein Raij Shnongs. The Lyngdoh of the Sein Riaj Tuber was also present at the ceremony.
Death and Hades were thrown into the lake of fire.
In the final match which was held on the second day of the month at the Basketball Court New Nongstoin, St Peter's HSS beat St Francis D Assisi School by 31 to 11 points.
Ronaldo will play for 45 minutes against the K League All Star, but what shocked the spectators was that Ronaldo sat on the sidelines. throughout the tournament, which was held at the Seoul World Cup Stadium.
Those monkeys that were injected were able to do better on those tests of their memory and brainpower than those monkeys of the same age who didn’t get that Plasma blood.
When reminded by the Leader of the Opposition that earlier the Opposition had promised to inform the Governor, Bah PN Syiem said that he does not want to say anything yet.
East Garo Hills SP JFK Marak said the weapons were from China and were seized from a Scorpio (AS01AJ 5102) at 10 pm.
Shillong, July 25: The Federation of Khasi States (FKK) on Monday held an emergency meeting in Shillong to discuss issues related to the use of social media on the 25th of this month. regarding the petition of Bah John F.Kharshiing to the KHADC, and his speech at the Shillong Press Club.
Shillong, July 13: The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) and the NEHUSU today announced the cancellation of the protest scheduled for the 15th of this month.
“Therefore, we have to look at how to bring about change so that the youth can get jobs in the state,” said Saleng.
The union appeals to all Government Offices including Banks and Finance Departments to celebrate this special day of the people.
Goyal said under the DRIP, IIT Guwahati has thoroughly reviewed the condition of the Leshka Power Project and other dams.
Staising Kharbteng encouraged the husband of the deceased and her two young daughters to trust in the Almighty God even among the nations they have experienced.
Kabul: The Taliban have formed a new government in Afghanistan a few days ago, which includes only men, but today the Taliban have made it clear that women do not They should not be members of the government, because their job is to have children.
Since the announcement of the lockdown, we have been staying at home by “Obey the authorities”, because it is right to “Obey”.
Shillong, Nailar 30: The Vice President of the Block Congress party in Mawkyrwat, Bah Diverland Lyngdoh, on Tuesday expressed his anger over the resignation of Rowell Lyngdoh by the Chief Minister.
The Governor also mentioned the decision of the HNLC to talk without any rules within the limits of the Constitution.
“We hold the fundamental rights enshrined in the Constitution of India and Article 25 states that citizens have the right to choose any religion of their choice while Article 29(i) states. “Any citizen who has a unique language, writing or culture has the right to preserve it,” said Rev. BM Lamin, Moderator of PCI and Rev. Dr. K. Lalrinkima, Senior Administrative Secretary, PCI, said that India is a country inhabited by different ethnic groups with their own culture. for decades now.
College will be held on the 21st at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
One of the organizations has complained about the high price of the water tank in Khyndailad, which costs up to T.30 per trip.
Regarding the statement of the MLA of Mawhati who has moved to Nongkrem to contest the election, Bah Dasakhiat Lamare said that it is the wish of the people that he should contest from Nongkrem after the people have complained about development works. “I don't need to say anything about the NPP candidate from Nongkrem who has moved from Mawhati but you have seen that the NPP candidate from that constituency says that there is no job in Mawhati. The MLA of Mawhati who has moved to Nongkrem has been speaking slowly and this shows that even from the same household and from the same party as the candidate from Nongkrem, there are two voices. believe the public understands and I don't need to criticize anything," he said.
However, the Corona virus does not come through the will of God.
They often talk about the need to take advantage and make the most of the health services.
With responsibility, we have to ensure that whatever action we take is in the right direction,” said Bah Metbah.
On the other hand, there will be foreign workers in these 6846 villages, who will be brought by the Survey of India to live with the villagers for at least 5 years, or until the completion of those villages. it shall not be in the villages.
Shillong, July 21: The Meghalaya Democratic Party (MDP) has suggested to the state government under the leadership of Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma to allocate funds from the Seng Khasi and Sein Raij groups in charge of customs and traditions. to participate as MDCs in the District Councils.
In 2020, which is the fourth time, most of the games will be held at the JN Sports Complex.
“We understand that mineral resources are not the desire of man but the need of man, so we appeal to the NGT to save us,” he said.
“The JSU initially opposed the proposal to open trade with Bangladesh, but when the government promised to provide the necessary facilities according to the directives of the MHA to prevent the spread of the disease, it decided to give its support. completely to run the business.
Banshanbor scored all four goals in the 13th, 15th, 21st and 60+1 minutes.
Now this seizure has started to spread to West Khasi Hills.
Kmenlang Nongdhar scored in the 32nd minute and Austin Nongkhlaw in the 44th minute.
Sangma said the Meghalaya Games were last held in 2022 and due to unavoidable reasons it could not be held this year and was postponed to Tura in
As part of the implementation to protect the residents from the landslide in Joshimath, the state government has decided to rebuild about 984 houses which were destroyed after the landslide. to conduct a thorough inspection.
The office of the Deputy Commissioner (Supply) of West Jaintia Hills District has informed the public that the deadline for selling ration to all Fair Price Shop Dealers in West Jaintia Hills District has expired on
The best speakers were Khraw Kupar Chyne from the men's category and Kicydora Nongsiang from the women's category.
In West Garo Hills, there are 9 cases, 2 cases from the Armed Forces, 5 cases from high risk contacts, 1 case from abroad and 1 case from health worker.
In this regard, it has been ordered to demolish illegal Coke Plants in the District from 7th November
George, who is also the Chief Whip of the Opposition in the Legislative Assembly, said that he finds this article in the media to be misleading and misleading.
That is like when members of the opposition speak in support of the government or when the government speaks in support of the opposition.
Sd/-.
In Jowai, the day will be held at Jrisaleiñ Square under the auspices of the office of the Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
“In the list of names for the MLA scheme, for setting up a shop, my name appeared Aidalin Dkhar and my brother Shanboklin Dkhar but we didn't get the money,” she said.
“The cost of hall rental alone is less than 40 percent, and this is a problem for the Khasi film producers as they are not yet big factories,” said Bah Chullet.
The Meghalaya State Commission for Women (MSCW) has expressed its deep sorrow and condemnation over the horrific incident that has happened in Manipur in the past two months, in which two women from the village have been raped and raped. the male crowd where it was also alleged that there had been rape.
The Meghalaya High Court on Thursday granted bail to a woman who has been imprisoned and is HIV positive for treatment.
Shillong: Officials of the State Bank of India in collaboration with the Pasteur Institute Shillong, today conducted a voluntary blood donation to mark the Golden Jubilee of the Bank of India (SBI). India.
Shillong: The Voice of the People (VPP) has expelled Pastor Shanlang Warjri and Bah Kherup Sing Thabah from the party on charges of speaking against the party's foundation.
Meghalaya has reported 669 deaths from COVID-19 with five deaths on Monday.
Prestone Tynsong urged the youth of the state to be selfless.
The place where the soul has been planted – covered with sner and jawdud.
“I don't know what else... Why do you treat me like that?
Ms.Richa Ghosh5.
Shillong, Jymmang 09: The First Division tournament of the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) has resumed on Monday (9-5-2022).
“Earlier they came to ask for my support, but I refused because they are still in the PDF party but when they joined the NPP, it is my duty to give them my full support,” he said.
Other dignitaries who attended the ceremony included Deibormi Syngkon, Head of Tpep-Pale, Damehiwothi Pde, Head of Chilliangraij.
He said that the statements of Bah Nongrum, MDC Jaiaw are true.
The meeting was a milestone on the progress made in the provision of treatment for tuberculosis in the state, by emphasizing the need for cooperation and strategy to share in this goal. to improve the treatment of this disease across the state.
The Meghalaya Games have been held only in Shillong, but this year they will be held in Tura and next year in Jowai.
Besides the government's decision not to use smart meters manufactured in China, Global Satnam has not used such meters.
Nongstoiñ: A coal truck (ML 05 J 5738) has overturned near the office of Nongstoiñ C&RD Block this morning.
The anointing is for Jesus to rule for 1000 years on this earth...he was given rulership and glory and kingdom, that all peoples and tongues should serve him (Jesus).
GAVI will provide support to the States in achieving this goal in a five-year agreement from 2022-2
Shillong: The NPP MP candidate from Shillong Parliamentary Constituency, Ampareen Lyngdoh today said that as a leader of the people, she is not ready to contest the election.
Those who send students or employees home will be punished.
Speaking on the occasion, Ma Sniawbhalang said that his visit to the Kiang Nangbah Stadium was to provide for the preparation of the Details Project Report and other requirements for the construction of the new structure of the Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
The electoral roll is for five constituencies and the total number of voters is 200602 voters.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr.I.Tiewsoh spoke on the dangers of tobacco and the need to educate others to avoid eating or drinking tobacco and especially to the public. They will cooperate to join hands in the signature campaign which is one of the objectives of raising awareness on the dangers of tobacco.
“There were a total of 555 Maoist militants who went to surrender in Chhattisgarh last year because the government's implementation of assistance and benefits to them has worked. Chhattisgarh Police, in which all this showed a sign of victory.
They also requested that as runners they should not fall into many kinds of temptations which can cause the destruction of their lives such as drugs and other alcoholic beverages, because if they falling into such drinks their future is already dark.
Regarding their exercise, they said that their exercise time is in the morning and evening from 5 to 7 pm and 5 to 6 pm.
Soils that are half shyiap and half clay are called loam.
There are still many opportunities for foreigners to build our houses and roads.
George alleged that unidentified persons in 4-5 small vehicles and a Bolero (ML-11-1876) blocked the road for his Bolero pick-ups. ML 11 4038 and ML-05 U 5059) when they were on their way to Umkiang.
Shillong, Naiwieng 27 : The Meghalaya Cricket Association (MCA) has announced the names of the 14 players for the U-16 (Boys) team for the BCCI Vijay Merchant Trophy. 1 November in Vadodara, Gujarat.
We must look at development with one eye.
The woman was arrested and the heroin was seized, along with witnesses.
The farmer, after harvesting the rice, left the farm to look for a vehicle to carry the rice home to eat for the whole year, but after returning, he found that and the kba was not burned.
You also say that our Nation is special in what way is it special? We don't hear of nations separating themselves, even Israel, which has a history, doesn't say that it is a separate nation (God doesn't create separate only one nation, which means God is not partial). All the countries of the world praise the Khasi Garo people.
Cha Raij Cha village got Sarsuk and Sam's share.
Not only these activities, but the ASHAs also have to inspect and survey the health in the villages and seek information on various diseases.
Police have taken the body to Jowai Civil Hospital, Ialong for post mortem.
The report also said that the improvement of the quality of cricket has brought a lot of interest to the public in the longer and longer games of cricket.
The Government of Dr Mukul Sangma has done things which one day will become weapons of destruction,” he said.
He said that the Dorbar Shnong will not allow any activities against the community and warns that if anyone is found fighting against the Shnong, it will hand over to the law enforcement authorities.
marshiliang Mawkyrwat CHC from 11 pm, as a sign of protest against the Government's stinginess and slowness on these issues.
sit without thinking of your ancestors.
He said that if the party receives such a complaint that there are still people living in the area whether they are Khasi or foreigners, it will take strong action.
Shillong: Out of the 90 cases of COVID-19 in East Khasi Hills today, 69 cases have been confirmed, of which 55 cases are high risk contacts, 1 case is from abroad, cases from Anjalee cluster, 2 cases from Bishnapur cluster, 4 cases from Laban cluster, 2 cases from Mawprem Phudmuri cluster and one case from Nongmynsong cluster.
He also stressed the need for more such partnerships with the state and expressed his gratitude to Sabrella B. Marak, MCS, Commissioner for Persons with Disabilities.
He said that the Syiem should take action and when they complain he should act immediately and if he does not listen he should inform the government to take the necessary action.
In another incident, a jeep (ML-05C-7749) of MeECL at the MeECL office at Byrnihat was burnt down and another truck at Umling caught fire and was destroyed.
In 2028, the UDP will disappear from this beloved Khasi Hills.
Furthermore, the order also prohibits the presence of voters or election campaigners from outside the constituency.
“He said that the political calculation is clear and people from the rural areas of the state have come together with a strong demand for the NPP. In the midst of the election festival, it is impossible not to miss the speeches, stories, preaching, news related to the election.
Many times we humans say wow! that person is wise.
Shillong: U Pramod Kumar, Commander F Coy 67 Bn CRPF Camp Jingkieng Mawlai, Shillong, has lodged a complaint with the police that on the 2nd of this month at 10 pm, five or six robbers threw petrol bombs. at the CRP camp and fled the scene.
The Meghalaya High Court on Monday ordered the disposal of the remaining 5.50 lakh metric tonnes of coal by the end of this month.
It will not be useful if we claim that we are in democracy if we do not have the right to vote in a fair and free manner.
The celebration was held at Ranikor Civil Sub Division in the presence of E. Shabong, Chief Judicial Magistrate and Secretary of the District Legal Services Authority (DLSA). Dr. FR Lartang, Medical Officer, Ranikor CHC and Dr. TJ Sangma, Medical Officer, Ranikor CHC were the chief guests. Speaking at the meeting, Chief Judicial Magistrate and Secretary Shabong explained about the Mental Health Care Act, 2017 and the provisions of the law. different.
Replying to those who speak against the NPP, Batskhem said that money has two sides, one side and one side.
This has also been seen in the North East which has joined hands in this struggle for independence,” said the President.
The Governor praised the Kanchi Kamakoti Shankara Health, Education and Charitable Trust for taking the responsibility to contribute to the development of the community. donated by the Geonka Family, Shillong and has been providing training to Class-X students since
For out of the seed of the serpent shall come forth a lion, and his offspring shall be a lion" (Isa 14:29).
For those who build houses less than 75 sq ft, MUDA will not charge any fee but what is required is to inform it.
The JSM also expresses its appreciation and respect to the KSA for its efforts in bringing peace and stability between the Karbi and Jaintia peoples.
Himanta Biswa Sarma, Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Assam, today confirmed at 12.10 pm, that there are three new cases at Barpeta Medical College.
Do away with sub – tribe Reservation as every Sub – Tribe is having equal rights under Reservation Policy.
Speaking at an election campaign rally in Ladthadlaboh, Jowai, Pala said, “We want to abolish CUET because the admission of classes in various universities should depend on the decision. The Congress leader said that it is because of CUET that many students have been prevented from entering universities.
“As part of this initiative, three teams of women CRPF motorcyclists have been released from Shillong, Srinagar and Kanniyakumari and will meet at Ekta Nagar, Gujarat on the 31st of this month. , which is the birthday of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel.
Your feast is on the trep.
A soil testing method will also be used in this village before cultivation.
Speaking to reporters, FKJGP Mawshynrut Circle General Secretary Eveningstar Marthong said that the Mawshynrut Civil Sub-Division has been opened for almost seven years. Many of them have witnessed that many of them still have to work from Nongstoin.
But we see that the world accepts that Jesus is the Messiah and Savior of the world.
The complaint was lodged by BSNL officials regarding the theft of cables, which happens from time to time and this makes it very difficult to repair and replace the cables from time to time. cable management line.
Prof Nonglait also handed over the necessary documents to Bah Mawrie, so that he could bring the facts related to the Khasi language in the meeting with Amit Shah.
If anyone has any information or has seen him, please call +91 89745 37105/ +9
The country's bridge team has won four gold medals at the BFAME Championships in Lahore, Pakistan. The team has now been selected for the 2023 World Bridge Championship to be held in Marrakech, Morocco in April.
I want to make sure that this practice doesn't happen again in the future," Faleiro said.
“How many months will this money pay for the salaries of the teachers?” asked Bah George.
These 40 refugees are from Amjong village on the border of Meghalaya and Assam in Ri Bhoi District. Commissioner of Ri Bhoi District.
According to this order, the District Magistrate has warned the shops and workshops selling duplicate exhaust pipes not to sell chess anymore but otherwise they will be punished. under the Motor Vehicles Act and other laws.
According to the SP, Liakat Ali is one of their leaders.
On this occasion, u Samla John said that as the union does not agree with the inspection by the EW department of KHADC, the union will conduct the inspection of Trading License and Labor License for foreign shops inside the country. Nongpoh in the coming days as part of the efforts to prevent the sale of foreign shops illegally trading without proper documents.
He said that under today's soskular, ULFA members have agreed to renounce the path of bloodshed, surrender all their weapons and have suspended their resistance groups.
Firstbornson, on the other hand, condemned the leaders who won from this constituency for not doing anything according to their promises before the election, who have remained silent without seeing that they are talking about the This is the issue of the Khasi Pnar people.
On the other hand, the President of the Association, Johnson Pohrmen, said that the Association has taken the first step of the strike today and will continue until evening because they do not want to punish the people who come to the Association. JHADC office and they are passionate about their work.
Earlier, Umroi MLA George B Lyngdoh alleged that the government has used a policy of discrimination against the villagers in the fire.
There is also another law called the Meghalaya Public Premises (Eviction From) Act 1980 which clearly states that when the government needs land for the benefit of the people, it cannot immediately evict it. who live in such a place".
India has the third highest number of cases, after the United States and Brazil.
The assistance given to the families of the deceased is only in the right way so that the families can say that we have been helped.
There is also an issue that we need to discuss and ask questions, that is the policy of education in the country.
Therefore, programs should not be given to preach at large meetings because the audience does not benefit at all.
“We have seen for ourselves the enthusiasm and enthusiasm of the youth to study science and mathematics.
If journalists publish resolutions of opinion polls or election results, they should explain the basis, scope and problems of these polls.
The prize money prepared by the MAA and MSOA is T.150,000 for the first place winner, T.100,000 for the second place winner, T.50000 for the third place winner, T.40000 for the fourth place winner and T. 20000 not coming in the fifth place.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, Chairman of the Employment Cell of the KSU, Bah Lambok Marngar, said that the KSU is against all the road projects in South West Khasi Hills. to the mining of uranium.
Most of the leaders who came to join the TMC are from the BJP party led by Bah Nesting Syiem as former President of BJP Jirang Mandal and also former Vice President of BJP from Ri Bhoi along with other leaders. These leaders were welcomed by the State Vice President of the TMC and Umroi MLA, Bah George B. Lyngdoh. TMC, Bah James Lyngdoh, Convenor and TMC candidate from Jirang, Sunnymoon Marak and other leaders.
" “Thank you, thank you, Bah.
“There was no grenade explosion, but it was a shaka explosion,” said Vanlalfaka, SP of Kolasib district in Mizoram.
On this occasion, cash prizes were awarded to 11 sports categories including those who have qualified for the Olympics and those who have not.
Dr Sahkhar said the department has taken care of this and has ensured that all the wastewater from this shop will remain inside and there will be nothing to break, throw or discharge outside.
Kim lut and you.
The union also planted about 300 trees in the village with the participation of the residents, students of Pahamskhen RCLP School, in the presence of Bah Cyril Maring Rangbah Shnong, Bah Celestine Syngkli Headmaster, CoRP leaders under the leadership of Bah Roland Lyngdoh President Nongpoh Circle and others.
“The accused left after the arrival of the police and magistrates. The police entered the house and found the four men carrying the body of their father,” said the youngest son, Bah Treisha. Umsong.
Although these youngsters have done kayaking, this is their first time to do rafting as a group and their participation is to understand better. the way of ships in other large rivers.
Shillong, Jymmang 22: More than 10,000 retired soldiers, wives of deceased soldiers, children of soldiers, including retired officers and relatives, have taken part in the The annual meeting of the Directorate of Military Welfare was held at the Assam Regimental Centre, Happy Valley Shillong on Saturday.
There is also a shortage of medicines which many have to buy from abroad such as children's medicines are not enough, the investigation test is not enough, there are no test technicians in the lab, the feeding system is very poor.
Now, nobody talks about what kind of candidate, but they ask and talk first whether that candidate has money or not.
On the day of their return, the wrestlers were welcomed from Guwahati Airport by the Meghalaya Arm Wrestling Association, followed by the KSU North Khasi Hills District. Indoor Hall Nongpoh, RBDSA at Umsning Nongthymmai, but the most difficult and exciting was the welcome at Umsning, which was attended by many elders and students from schools in Umsning.
“People, please buy my paintings so that I can pay the electricity bill, then my children, so that I can pay the bill, which is coming,” said Arshad.
“In the first Act of 1955, the release of Sixth Schedule land did not exist at all.
He expressed his readiness to assist and talk to the Government of India, and invited Bah John F Kharshiing to Delhi to discuss the issue.
He said that short stories and prose were his best works but unfortunately he had to return to his master without being able to publish his writings.
The JAC said that this meeting was held after the dewbilat factories failed to implement the new freight charge announced by the state government according to the announcement on 25th November
According to a statement issued by Bah PS Lyngdoh, President of the Seng, he announced this at the Dorbar of the Hima held on the 26th June 2023 at Phlangdiloiñ.
Heiniroi Mohrmen, wife of Ma Seiñborlang Mohrmen, resident of Riatsasim, Jowai, passed away on
He said the BJP has grown rapidly in the region and hopes that in 2018 it will show its power in the state.
City are currently top of the Premier League after beating Arsenal by two points.
The deceased were identified as Bah Michael Myrboh, 40, and Kong Belinda Kharumnuid, 39 years old.
Speaking as the chief guest, the Deputy Commissioner of East Jaintia Hills District, Abhilash Banarwal, IAS said that the celebration of Meghalaya Day is to commemorate those who have sacrificed their lives. Meghalaya needs to continue to develop “As a government servant and contributor to the “We have to try harder to develop it in the right way,” said the Deputy Commissioner.
Some may think that heaven is a place full of miracles.
Scientists are now worried that if this disaster happens soon on Earth, about 1.65 billion people living near the sea will be flooded, their homes, plants and others will be flooded. and they shall go up into the mountains.
Replying to a question in the Legislative Assembly on the issue by Nongkrem MLA Ardent Basaiawmoit, Conrad said they have to seek permission to provide the mining plan, environmental clearance and pollution. clearance and other requirements under the Mines and Minerals (Development and Regulation) Act
This initiative will not only boost the income of the state but will also honor the local entrepreneurs and also the skilled drivers thus this will improve in all aspects.
He said that education is important, but does the government pay attention to the districts to provide adequate educational institutions that are in line with the present era so that it will be a blessing to the families? There are those who don't have the means to send their children to school in Shillong to improve education in the state and to raise their profile in the field of education. and they shall be empty, and shall not benefit the young men.
With this victory against SAI Guwahati, Lajong have now reached the final of the U-18 Youth League.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Governor praised the State Government for its efforts to bring peace in the state through the call for peace talks with the Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) as directed by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Affairs (MHA) of the Central Government.
All are advised to be vigilant and cautious.
These include 86 BSF personnel, 233 civilians and 69 soldiers.
(f) The mother pig that has died of her young should be kept alone and within a few days the udders will dry up.
Iran is reportedly preparing to respond to a US threat to kill its military chief and on Saturday reportedly carried out an explosion near the US embassy. .
He said that the elders, civil society, Dorbar Shnongs and Hima rulers of the Nonglang Sirdarship are deeply concerned because in the past few months, they have received information that the residents of the Nonglang Sirdarship They said that some people have gone to Wahblei to kill the fish, where they have found signs of shin and they have suspected that these robbers may have used drugs to kill the fish. , but they did not find the men who had done this.
However, even after this protest, the EC led by the NPP and Congress decided to move forward with the Bill which prompted the opposition to leave the session.
“To build a two-lane road to Mawthabah to transport what when there are only 5 or 6 households,” said Bah Lyngdoh in a statement.
On the other hand, when asked by Mawphor, Bah Rining Lyngdoh Mawphlang, whether there is an invitation to contest the 2023 election from Mawkynrew, he said that for many years now there have been leaders. They want him to contest the elections because the State needs knowledgeable leaders especially in this age of now.
The officer said he should not have done so but Bhalang said his soul urged him to do so.
The four arrested were identified as Clefast Marbaniang, 21, Kyntiewborlang Marbaniang, 21, Alom Nongtynger, 22 and Phron Khongwir, day of Mawlai.
Not only that, it is surprising that the employees don't know exactly whether the officer will come to work or not.
The role of the District Council should be strengthened in Article 7 of the Constitution because these days there are those who want to change the role of the District Council”.
The Pyndeng Nongbri branch has 137 households including 746 parakurs from the village.
The State Government has been in constant talks with the students in Manipur to assess the situation in the area and to provide them with all the necessary assistance so that they can return safely to the State.
The Support staff includes Ranjana Yadav (head coach), Marty Mustafa (assistant coach), Helyna D Sangma (trainer), Lucky Mary Marbaniang (physio), Daniel Dan (physio).
Caiaphas also expresses the danger that he and the other Sadducees will lose their authority if Jesus continues to preach the gospel and perform miracles, because all the people will believe in him.
Shillong, Lber 31 : The State Government is ready to spend about Rs 100 crore for the improvement of police stations across the state and Rs 350 crore for the improvement of health centres. who are in the state.
He said that through this hospital, patients from low income families will be able to get the same treatment facilities as others.
Finally, we express our opposition to the appointment of Bistoran Iawphniaw as the Acting Sordar of Mawsaw and urge the relevant authorities such as the office of Syiem Nobosohphoh and the District Council to resolve this issue. We want the Sordar Shnong to be elected by the people and we are ready to take part in the meetings. They are not appointed by the District Council.
The Jyrngam taxi drivers also expressed their surprise that Sumo stems from other districts have been allowed to operate, tourist vehicles from across the state have been allowed to operate in the districts, but Jyrngam taxis have not been allowed to operate. bear.
The Union Cabinet has also approved and decided on the Municipal Councils and Elected Villages not to implement them as mentioned above.
The protest will be held from 10 am to 4 pm.
All kinds of foods are good to eat but they are harmful only if you eat too much.
The HYC promised to take action and send the demand to Shillong.
Many ways and means to strengthen the work of the party in these areas of West and South West Khasi Hills District will also be discussed.
These are the Khasi leaders who want their own interests and only during the election to love the country and love the nation because to get their own. I request Bah Adelbert please join the VPP party there. !Go To VPP!.
Furthermore, the party is committed to bringing about sustainable economic development, protecting the environment, making Meghalaya an investment friendly state, developing the youth and making it a all the ranks are equal.
Mynsngat MDC Dawan Lyngdoh said that Nartiang constituency is one of the lagging constituencies in the state in terms of education, agriculture and development. Speaking to reporters, the MDC said that education is the most precious thing in this age but compared to This place of ours doesn't fit with other places especially since mynsngat khanduli we don't have adequate educational facilities according to this era except private schools but when we look at this era of knowledge now these places cannot provide education. Adequate training for the youth of this area and we find many young students who do not have the opportunity to complete their studies especially after their selection because they have to leave the village to write matriculation to Ummulong which is 40 – 50 km away from their village has caused many youths to stop in the middle of their studies. they read only because of the distance.
The meeting was conducted by Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, General Secretary of NCCN-A. At the same time, Bah Dawan Lyngdoh, Secretary Village of Namdong Village. Resource Person who will be involved in this program.
Shinde admitted that out of the 54 NCP MLAs, 35 were present at Raj Bhavan along with Ajit Pawar.
This destroys the nature of mankind and puts a sign of destruction in its future.
The entry fee for this tournament is T.
The US, UK, Canada, and Japan have invited nurses from India.
He said that as High Priest he has a great responsibility to build the Kingdom of God.
However, the people should know the fact that the NPP is a party that originated from Manipur and its flag, which is a book, is written in Manipuri.
Speaking as the chief guest, Bah Mayral Born Syiem MLA Nongpoh congratulated the NEFA for organizing this program although it is small but it is a meaningful programme. shongkun because it is necessary to preserve the customs and traditions established since ancient times and ancestors which is also an encouragement to the youth to know and learn about their culture and traditions.
Besides these three winners, three others have been selected to participate in the State Level Cycle Race including Sunil Marai, Wanteibok Lyngdoh and Ashok Rai.
The donation for these two persons is what the organization always wants to do to help those in need.
The Minister of Home Affairs, who is also in charge of District Councils, said that the meeting was convened because there are some issues related to District Councils in which the CEMs of KHADC and JHADC as well as the leaders have attended. He said that he had spoken on the reports received by the government that there are groups who go around the country to check the Labor Licenses. The activities should be stopped completely and if any, they should be done by the people of the District Councils.
The suspect was identified as Laditsak Lungtau of Khaddum village.
Tomorrow, Kith United will play against Mawngap while Assam Rifles will play against Ryntih.
He said that according to his information, these 9 youths from Madanriting left Syntung at 5:00 pm and when they returned they entered the house. They went to Mawsna village and asked for directions to Shillong, but when they left this village and reached Pashang village they were arrested by the villagers saying that they were from Mawsna village. They sent to arrest the vehicle and to talk when the people who arrested the vehicle arrived.
Many expressed their dissatisfaction with the government's lack of attention to agriculture, which is the only source of income and livelihood for the people of the State.
“We hope that it will be better in these days and if it is enough, even the price of beef may decrease,” said Bah Warlarpih.
On the number of teachers who do not take care of their duties, Bah Lakmen Rymbui said that there have been even leaders, who have been brought into the Legislative Assembly, who have said in words, that there are many teachers. They are appointed by the Government, but they are sub-contracted to others.
He tells the truth and expresses his feelings before the master.
I paid to the Living Liquidz shop for the price of the alcohol I needed, but they didn't bring me the alcohol and didn't take it anymore when I called.
“The village authorities are concerned, because if they are relocated to this place, it will be like bringing the whole colony because they have up to 342 households and the government will be looking for other places, which it is the government's own land," he added.
Soon after, Union Minister Jitendra Singh conducted a review meeting of government officials to review the preparations for the S20 Summit.
Shillong: As part of the assistance to the State Government in the fight against Corona Virus, the North Eastern Development Finance Corporation (NEDFi), an office under the jurisdiction of the Ministry of DoNER, has launched a campaign to assist the State Government in the fight against Corona Virus. India has donated Rs 9 lakh to the CM Relief Fund.
Shillong, Naiwieng 1: The Umkiang Youth Union (SSSU) fully supports the decision of the Umkiang Dorbar Shnong held on 13th July to strongly oppose the plan of the Wildlife Department to hold a Eco Sensitive Zone within the boundary of Umkiang Village as this will severely affect the agriculture of the people.
I want to say that there are those who fraud people by promising to give the right number to leave they send to deposit money first in their accounts and they say deposit more money and we will give my number I have been involved in such cases species.
Bhutto was involved in the robbery of NPP supporters on 7th June in Charbatapara.
In view of the construction of houses this monsoon, the relevant authorities have been requested to create their own momentum and ensure that the projects are completed on time.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), which has two MLAs, has offered to join hands with the National People's Party (NPP) if it forms a government.
According to the source, the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, who is also in charge of the finance department, will soon convene a meeting with the teachers to announce the final decision.
Commenting on the Minister of Health and Family Welfare's claim that the Government cannot take over this task, the MEMRIWU Spokesperson said, “Two years ago during the outbreak of COVID-1 -19 offices of the Deputy Commissioners can provide services to the people across the state but why does the Minister of Health and Family Welfare say that the State Government cannot?” “We expect and request “We hope that the Government will think carefully about this proposal and we expect that the Government will call for another meeting so that the good intention can be achieved,” said Bah Kharraswai.
At the same time, he said that against the government of Mukul Sangma, “The government is blind, the government is stupid, it is stupid”.
On this occasion, the KSU members were arrested Raymond Kharjana and Khrawbok Diengdoh of Dongkamon.
Jeremy Bentham's panopticon exposes the nature of authoritarian rulers, who spend energy, time and money to control people where they go? What they say, what they think? What do you think? Badno what do you write?
He said that different states of the North East due to the presence of many ethnic groups in it, have faced many problems and it is through such programs and forums that the region can stand firm on these challenges and that it can become a strong region.
Speaking at the programme, the Chief Guest expressed his gratitude to Shanborlang Marbaniang who has brought fame and glory not only to the region but to the state as a whole.
In the letter, Uppu, who works as the Additional Chief Electoral Officer of Mizoram, said he has never experienced such insults against him as a government servant.
Forests not only help to retain rainwater but also produce clean air and are habitats for animals and birds. kiss.
Many criticisms have been raised against the news that the man has been charged under the Attempted Murder Act.
Besides 'Megha Laya Tourism', Rangda selected United FC has also signed a contract with PUMA for the best sportswear.
Stormy Daniel filed a complaint against Trump, but the judge dismissed the case and ordered her to pay the costs and legal fees of the lawyers. Donald Trump's leadership.
On the basis of a complaint by the residents, the police have arrested a man suspected of being involved in the theft of a motorcycle and after investigation, he has been taken to the police station. The bikes were hidden at Umsen and Nagrabil villages, Meghalaya-Assam border villages, in the Umtyrnga area.
The Elite Task Security and Service Agency Training Center Mawjrong on 6th June, 2023 concluded the 45 days training on security guards with a passing out parade. These 33 persons have received not only their Security Certificate but also their Civil Defense and Home Guards Certificate. of the Red Cross where they came to give training on first aid and disaster management.
This question of Bah Rymbui was in reference to the announcement issued by the Government of India in 2020 which sets the Minimum Support Price for kwai at T.
The union said that in a meeting with Dr. Mukul Sangma on 6th November 2011, he promised to set up a blood bank as soon as possible because he himself said that this is necessary. In the second month of November 2011, he visited the Civil Hospital Jowai and directed the Superintendent to provide all the necessary facilities.
Uttar Pradesh Police have blocked the road of the farmers and when the farmers started to protest, they dispersed them by shooting water and lyer satkhmat. farmers who were injured in the attack by the police.
Neighbors who witnessed the incident said they called the fire brigade as soon as the fire broke out.
Shillong, July 4: The North Eastern Council (NEC) has approved an allocation of T.1,088.21 crore for the year 2015-16 to enable the Council to implement its works.
This year's theme is “Delivering on a Promise”.
Also present were B Richard Uriah, Principal, Jowai and Ma KL Pariat, Adviser of the Seng.
Shu slowly slowly in the money.
It is to be recalled that on Saturday last month, the leaders of the KSU and HNYF had gone to stop the distribution of ration cards to those who are entitled to receive them. Many of the recipients of these ration cards are foreigners, but many poor families who are still under the BPL category, who are entitled to receive them have not received any.
In order to get approval for further borrowing, the state government has to start introducing certain reforms which are clearly stated and must be able to be implemented according to the rules.
Regarding the lack of garbage dump in Byrnihat, the Jirang MLA, while talking to media, said that he will take action and send a letter to the government, so that the residents of Byrnihat area to have adequate garbage dump and to avoid illegal dumping.
He said that Fr. Bacchiarello, who was accused of destroying the Khasi religion and culture, was the pioneer in starting St. Anthony's College in 1934 in Shillong to make it easier for the Khasi to study. to Guwahati and Kolkata.
Former Minister of Civil Defense and Home Guards Augustine D Marak has brought the issue to the Cabinet.
In fact, according to the points table, Qatar are not in the qualifying group for the tournament.
There is still plenty of time and it will become clearer.
She is not only a domestic worker, but she has become the richest person in the world and richer than Bill Gates or Mukesh Ambani, the owner of Reliance Industries.
“Once again, we can say that we own the roads rather than those who own private vehicles because we have to pay more taxes every year, up to 8 taxes every year. Those who park their own vehicles pay only 10 times and use their vehicles until they weigh a kilo or a marjot,” said the owners of vehicles.
The Ramakrishna Mission, Sohra under the leadership of Swami Anuragananda, Secretary, Maharaj Ramakrishna Mission Ashrama, Sohra, East Khasi Hills District has distributed food items such as rice and dai to 30 poor families. the village of Ialong.
If they are really serious, the State and Central Governments are really serious and I ask them to announce their decision through their leader.
A team of five Nepalis on Tuesday found Stitzinger's body at the foot of the mountain about 8,400 meters or 27,600 feet high.
On his talks with Amit Shah, Sangma said he had talked to Amit Shah to come to the state and other parts of the North East. “There is a need to discuss the CAB, where Amit Shah has agreed to the issue,” he said.
“However, it is surprising that the MBoSE has done this.
Mawkhar MDC James Ban Basaiawmoit said, “The Council should take a decision to demand from the state government to release the MDC elections from the use of EVMs and to cast votes. again conventionally by paper to ensure clean and fair elections".
Speaking to reporters, Conrad expressed his confidence that the NPP government will have 32-34 MLAs. However, he declined to say which MLAs and parties will support the NPP. When asked about the HSPDP and PDF, Conrad said, “We will get more than 32 seats, we will wait and see”.
“It is not appropriate that the President of the MPCC is not aware of this fact and it shows that this MP wants only to spread false news for political gain,” he said.
According to the information of the union, there is another water supply project of Sutnga in the area where the project is being implemented.
The former MLA said he has requested Bah Mawrie to send the names of the four former MLAs and the name of the former IPS officer to the Prime Minister for approval for some posts. but he did nothing at all.
He said that the Ri Bhoi Police after informing the police have thought and ensured that there will be no riots in the area and as the police will continue to monitor this. They came to rest temporarily in the village where they needed protection to stay alive.
Of the deaths, 103 were in Hubei Province, the epicenter of the disease, and one each in Beijing, Tianjin, Heilongjiang, Anhui and Henan.
Throughout the day, the Seng Samla has organized a program to honor these students who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC, and also opened the Pahamsyiem Winter Fest 2022-2 The meeting was opened by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh.
The sohniamtra produced from this village is sweet and can be harvested until March.
The arrested was identified as Subhash Chakraborty, who poses as an officer in the Indian Air Force, Navy and Army.
"The Commission is conducting a thorough investigation into the incident in the state where it is at the root against women and children so that it can develop ways and means to combat it," said the chairperson of the Commission. The MSCPCR said that the rape of children has been left without trial for a long time, and this has caused the families to face mental and physical problems.
According to her, this practice is not healthy and will have an impact on the health of the people.
Joseph Abiodun Suen scored the first goal for Malki in the 12th minute.
The Chief Minister of Manipur, Biren Singh, today handed over his resignation letter to the Governor of Meghalaya at 1 pm. At 10:00 pm, at the residence of Lat Anusuya Uike.
Shillong: Lawsohtun FC beat Nongkrem FC in the 1st Division today.
With the right hard work and the right path, we must fight,” added the son.
Badminton star PV Sindhu is now preparing to return to her form after failing to play well at the Thailand Open. HS Prannoy will continue to improve with confidence as he is the leading player of the Singapore Open Super 750 tournament. the day of Ba-ar.
The KSU has lodged a complaint with the Phramer Traffic Cell regarding the arrest of these Bangladeshi suspects, so that the police can take action according to the requirements of the law.
The Dalmia Cement (DBF) Ltd (DCBL), a leading cement manufacturer in India, has introduced measures to improve the villages in The rural areas are the most backward through the training in digital and financial literacy in Meghalaya.
Three scientists Dr Satyavirsingh, Principal Scientist & BI Social Science II WBR, Dr Rajkumar Principal Land & Breeding, Dr Anil Khipal and seven employees of KVK Nongshillong were arrested on Tuesday. , they visited the village and held a meeting with the residents.
Thirty-nine people have been admitted to Shillong Civil Hospital after eating pork at a church service in Nongkya. , Ri-Bhoi district.
After the discussion, JTES leaders and members including Philemon Lyngdoh, SK Lato, JM Pohsngap, H Toi, Dr Phervision Nongtdu and others planted trees in the grounds of the college.
Gabriel Wahlang MDC Nongstoin Constituency was the chief guest.
The MYWO alleged that this shows that there has been a terrible corruption in the past years in the improvement and expansion of this road and said that most of the time they allege that it is due to the rainfall that this road has been damaged. the road became like this.
The message through the ages, from the prophets to the present, God has been speaking and continues to remind, is through His people whom He has called to His work. In ancient times, God often spoke through His Angels, or prophets, but now by His own Word, which was a great Prophet with the Spirit of God Himself.
In his resignation letter, Scindia said he could not work for the country while in the party and said he felt the need to resume his work in a pat the path forward.
In the past, they came to look for work, but now the trouble has come.
Now parents want the examinations to be conducted online and the Holy Child School has decided to conduct the examinations online for its students.
Mukul was speaking during his election campaign for his wife Dikanchi D Shira, who is the Congress candidate in the mid-term MP elections from Tura Constituency.
The theme is “Putting Ourselves to the Test, Achieving Equity to HIV” or to encourage the public to get tested to fight against HIV by eliminating discrimination which is a barrier to patients coming forward for treatment.
In addition, the Dorbar Shnong has also prohibited the employers from bringing in more than one or two foreign workers.
Shillong: The employees of the Shillong Municipal Board together with the employees under the umbrella of the Shillong Municipal Employees Association have decided to hold a strike and strike from 1st November and the inability of the state government to implement the Fifth Pay Commission.
To treat children and girls as commodities is against the law and unacceptable in society, the report said.
In the second division, Lawsohtun and Ryntih had to share 10 points each after a draw without scoring a goal in the first minute.
However, the Spanish authorities have not been able to confirm the age of all the refugees.
I agree with what Bah Poul said but if the council is informed and the council doesn't do anything, how can we do it Bah Poul?
In a tragic incident, a man from North Garo Hills has been stabbed to death by a neighbour, who is suspected of being you are the bloodthirsty.
In a short meeting before handing over to the families, Bah Lambor said that the lockdown of the Government to fight against COVID-19 for nearly two and a half months has affected many people. households in the Constituency.
Without these benefits, KAS as a group of intellectuals would not have been able to push for this legitimate demand for the benefit of the people of Khasi and Jaintia Hills.
She said that the HSPDP is still talking to the residents, landowners and the public living in the uranium deposits like Domïasiat, Kylleng, Pyndengsohïong and others not to allow the to mine uranium.
Ardent said the VPP's intention to take over the territory of the national party has succeeded this time.
In the second half, Marbaniang received a red card after an argument with the referee where Malki were weaker in the game, but Rangdajied could not score. I have received many blessings.
On 4th November, 2023, the Symbud Myntri Rangbah in charge of Home Affairs, Bah Prestone Tynsong, said that the Government has already sent a message to the HNLC leaders that they want the Chairman of the HNLC, Bah Bobby Marweiñ and the HNLC. General Secretary Bah Saingkupar Nongtraw should not be present at the upcoming peace talks.
We run until we run together.
In the tie breaker, Christ Church (Skul Step) beat OM Roy 4-3 to reach the semi final of the tournament.
Shillong, Naiwieng, 04: The Martin Luther Christian University, Shillong on Thursday donated a Momento to the Shillong Press Club in recognition of the contribution of journalists who have contributed to the spread of the newspaper. Meghalaya is still in the midst of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Shillong: The Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) has claimed responsibility for the bomb blast in the ground floor of Than Khonglah's house in Dawki on the evening of the 11th of this month.
This is the law of Arliang Syrti.
Police are conducting a thorough search operation to arrest the suspects.
Shillong Lajong also continued to play chess with the goal of scoring, but missed many chances.
What should be considered is that any soh that appears is called a male 'U' while the kait is a female if it is still in the jyntang or if it has been harvested.
Shillong: Ka KSU Mawlai Circle is angry over the shooting death of Samla Ïainehskhem Parïong in Ïewmawlong area on the evening of 31st July 2020 at about 5-6 pm at a shop. build mobile.
The purpose of this festival is to preserve the customs and traditions of the Khasi Jaintia people living in Block-1 or Labang Nangphyllut District.
He urged other villages to follow suit and be ready to accept such accommodation especially for those patients who are mentally ill.
Egenstar said Meghalaya joined India in November 1948, after the leaders of the Khasi States signed the Instrument of Accession.
“The situation has now changed, as the Regional Offices have been given more powers to look after this in which they can approve any application from the Forest Department for the areas under the jurisdiction. 40 hectares,” said Javadekar, adding that in the past years, many works have been delayed for months and years because they have to wait for New Delhi.
He said the Government needs to take action under para 20 of the Sixth Schedule of the Constitution regarding the border areas.
The Minister of Home Affairs is responsible for the country and the state as a whole and not just for domestic affairs.
The Sohiong constituency is preparing to go to the polls on the 10th of June to elect the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.
According to a government source, the government through the Commerce and Industries Department is preparing to build a border market at two land custom stations at Dalu in West Garo Hills and Ghasuapara in South Garo Hills.
“I am well and I am strong thanks to the grace of God and many prayers for me,” said Bah Ardent.
He said that now people from all over the country want to join hands with the VPP for the upcoming MDC elections.
Donborson Warjri was elected as the President and Raphael L. Nongrang as the Vice President.
The state government has appealed against the decision of Justice HS Thangkhiew regarding the HC's decision to hear the appeal filed by Bah Brightstarwell Marbaniang. In the case of Shri Brightstarwell Marbaniang & Ors Vs State of Meghalaya, the HC has repealed Clause 3 of the Meghalaya Education Policy 2018 and the notification issued on 23 October 2021 amending the Aided College Employee Rule.
Zhukova, a Russian native, has moved to the United States and is now 67 years old.
But seeing with their own eyes, the dilapidated yellow taxis parked in the area, there were dozens of them.
According to an official of the Planning Department, which is examining the matter, the file has been pending for five months now and this has raised questions about the government's commitment to do this urgent work.
Throughout the day, the MCPC officials, who were able to visit and condole with the king, were able to donate money, rice to the family in Sabuda.
After the Court announced this order, many of the applicants for the teaching post who were waiting at the gate of the Court were filled with joy and excitement.
The team of researchers led by Dr. Souvik Sen, Zoological Survey of India (ZSI), Kolkata, Dr. Sudhin PP from ZSI, Kolkata and Dr. John TD Caleb from Saveetha University, Chennai participated. in this research about these issues.
The area is crowded to walk and stand and is not a suitable place to park the vehicles of the public who come for medical treatment at the hospital.
The award is for those who came to train for the month of November to November 2022, the total number of trainees in computer science is 1200 and includes from all the states of the Region. Eastern Road East.
The items seized were 5,04,000 WIY (World Is Yours), weighing 53.54 kg, Crystal Ice Myth weighing 15.269 kg, Ketamine weighing 2.206 kg, Phencydile 194 bottles, Indian currency. T.74,150 and Burmese rupees worth 49,000 Kyats.
No casualties were reported in the fire.
Speaking to media, Preston said the government has directed all the DCs of Ri Bhoi and East Khasi Hills to make new decisions regarding the land acquisition after the fee has been paid. reached Rs 1,200 crore which was almost double the project cost of Rs 600 crore.
He said that the mindset that prevents a person from sleeping depends on the pressure of his job and it may be the lack of income, the bad job, the poverty. “It's a thought that doesn't come out of the box and in the end he falls asleep,” said Disparsing Rani.
Nongpoh: U Basan Wornington Lyngkhoi, 79, resident of Mawroh, Nongpoh, passed away this morning.
(d) Calving period – The calving period in the pig farm depends on the number of piglets including the birth of each piglet and their health.
Speaking to India Today, Professor Manish Kumar of the Department of Earth Sciences at IIT, Gandhinagar, said the presence of SARS-CoV-2 in ponds and rivers has been confirmed. woe, in the days to come upon the children of men.
Mumbai: Congress MLA Nitesh Rane, the youngest son of former Maharashtra Chief Minister Narayan Rane, and his followers were arrested today on charges of rape. The Engineer of the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has been thrown into the pit and then thrown into the bridge. It happened in Kankavli of Sindhudurg district.
Thus, these things were accomplished with courage and determination in their work.
The woman, Durka Rymbai, escaped death and was taken by Ambulance 108 from Khliehtyrshi to District Hospital Jowai in Ialong.
If the legislators become the builders of the roads, what will happen? Who can pass laws if MLAs and MPs become road builders? In the Ïingdorbar, we had to talk only about roads and not about laws and regulations.
There are also 28 female Police Officers who have received this award.
As farmers, they should know what kinds of crops are selling well and how to do it, not to do it like in the past because in this age there is a way and a way to market it.
JOWAI: The Waheh Shnong of Ialong Dorbar Shnong, West Jaintia Hills District, Ma Bishar Shylla, on Tuesday said that the village has thought about the issue of the visit of the people from all over the country to Madan Lyngkieng Pynthor Myntdu. people came because it was too bright.
The EC under the leadership of Bah Pynshngain has appointed a Delimitation Committee to publicly consider the proposal to divide the constituencies with the aim of abolishing Laitkroh and creating a new Umsning. -Fear.
He also briefed on the construction of roads in Meghalaya and especially in South West Khasi Hills District, the highway from Ranikor to Baghmara. T.1300 crore with a target of completion by March, 2024 and four other sections of roads under this project have been allocated a deadline for completion as well as The 43 km Nongstoiñ-Wahkaji road at a cost of T.302 crore is expected to be completed before April,
He added that laws such as marriage, divorce, inheritance, adoption and others are the powers of the State Government.
However, a woman who has given her jait to a father who belongs to another ethnic group, her children are no longer Khasi.
Referring to the 25th anniversary of the PHC, various speakers from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare recalled that it was opened on 13th November 1988 as a fully functional PHC and has been expanded. its business model by providing 24 hours a week service since 2009.
However, the question is whether this arrangement is in accordance with the boundaries of our State, whether all the affected people and the State leaders in these areas accept it? For 50 years our State has been without a proper border.
The election of members to the State Legislative Assembly will be held in all 243 constituencies.
I didn't hear them talking to me, I was still looking up and down and after a while, when I didn't see my friends anymore, even when I shouted 'wij-wij', I too When he turned away, his head began to shake again, for in a wilderness which he had never reached, he suddenly fell asleep.
He said that his mother used to eat cow's milk well at times when she was hungry.
If the riewshim kabu or the thieves do not respect the law, it means that the law is not strong according to the customs and traditions of the country.
The Awami League's organization of the rally has received praise from many. Political Affairs Speaker Sukharanjan Dasgupta said the rally has the theme of the rally. you can campaign for elections.
The Supreme Court's decision was on a petition filed by Dr Abhishek Manu Singhvi, counsel for CM Jha, regarding the truth in the appointment of Jha as Chancellor of India. this is the University.
On the border demarcation with Assam, the Governor said the work has moved on to the second phase after the demarcation of six out of 12 sites and the second phase is ongoing.
The Khnap Thangbru, which was built at a cost of T.25 lakh, with the assistance of the government through the Forest Department, was inaugurated by Dr. DD Lapang, Nongpoh MLA as the chief guest, in the presence of Umsning MLA, Dr. Celestine Lyngdoh as the chief guest.
The protest was held by the Garo people on the main road from the State Central Library to Police Bazar and turned to Kachari in front of the Governor's House gate to the Secretariat and ended at the starting point.
Rohit Shah scored 27 runs while Kevin Christopher scored 10 runs.
On the other hand, Bah Bishar Nongphlang, Rangbah Shnong of Mawtari Myrdon, expressed his gratitude to the MLA for taking the initiative to help in the village. night and day to provide the work in the village.
Shillong, Nailar, 07: The Chairman of the Meghalaya State Planning Board (MSPB) on Tuesday said that he will send a report on the ranking of Meghalaya as the poorest state in the country. .
The decisions also reflect the Church's fundamental principle of self-support and self-government.
The Khasi people, even today, cannot be said to be a nation that knows man, knows God and holds the right to justice in society or in the family.
The BDO, Mawkyrwat C&RD Block, Bah I.Lawrynniang, MCS in his speech said that although it is not part of the exhibition of the three parts but as an encouragement to the people to He urged them to have their own Account Numbers at the banks to facilitate the implementation of government schemes. He also encouraged the self-employed or MGNREGA employees to register themselves under the E-Shram so that it will be of benefit.
Entry to the polling station grounds except for those who came to vote is prohibited, no sale or drinking of alcohol is allowed from the 19th until the end of the election.
The Congress and JD(S) want the oldest member of the House to be elected and do not agree to elect Bopaiah.
In the VPP, this is not the case because all members and office bearers have the right to contribute along with the MLAs or those elected by the people.
In this regard, booklets were also distributed to the villages and neighborhoods to understand what they have learned from the first phase.
The new campus of the university is located in Shillong.
He said that as the Rangbah Shnong and at the same time as the Headmaster of the school, he has met with the education authorities in Nongpoh, in order to encourage them to They have asked them to help with the needs of the school, especially in terms of accommodation for the students, but until now no one has come to take action to do anything, said Bah K. Muktieh.
There were also two serious disputes in 1787 and 1795 over the lease of the mines of the Hima Nongstoin and Langrin to the East India Company and this difference of opinion reached the point of immediately stopping trade.
“Article 371 and the ILP have helped Nagaland and Mizoram to curb the entry of mynder,” he said. He said the MRSSA is only a law to order the owners of houses to inform the government about the people who stay in their homes.
She also explained that when schools intend to apply for permission from the opening of new schools, to get recognition of schools or any activities that benefit the government whether it is in SSA schools and other activities. The school authorities do not have to pay any fees and once they have the documents, the officers have to fulfill their duties as assigned by the government. for the adequacy of schools to improve education.
We need such a meeting in Khasi-Jaintia as well.
Jowai: The Diocese of Jowai will open another Parish at Iongshiwiat on the 18th of this month and the 18th Parish of the Diocese of Jowai, said Most Rev Victor Lyngdoh, Bishop of Jowai. Diocese of Jowai.
The more you hide in the house, the more you will reveal.
The theme of the competition was, “Media: Middle Weapons and the competition was conducted by Prof. B. Laitflang as Moderator and the judges included Bah Ceasar Passah, Asst Director IPR , Rev. Kyrsoi Pyrtuh and Dr. JS Shangpliang.
Shillong, March 10: The State Tuberculosis Officer, Meghalaya, through the National Tuberculosis Elimination Program (NTEP) in collaboration with the Union and the Department of Social Work, Women's College, Shillong on Tuesday.
Seinraij Mukhla has donated money to the Chief Minister's Relief Fund for COVID-19 as part of its joint efforts with the government in the fight against COVID-1
On this occasion, a short story was also delivered by the Principal of the school, Bah D Mukhim, who explained the journey of the school until it reached this goal as it is now from the beginning. other little eh.
The rainfall in different parts of the state as of 8.30 am is 546.2 Sohra, 423.6 Amlarem, 413.2 Sohra, 405.6 Khliehriat, 370.0 Mawkyrwat, 1.8Tikrikilla 50.2Williamnagar 17.3Baghmara 12.6Ampati 25.0 Resolutionpara 34.0Shutdown 2.1.
In the second match, Khliehriat West YWSC beat Dhana SC 2-1. Sandy Kassar scored the goals of 36′, 82′ (penalty).
The shopkeepers are also requested not to collect the garbage collected throughout the year, but to dispose only of the garbage produced from the house/shop on that day.
Titos said that at the meeting, Eugene had made it clear that he would not be able to contest the election in 2023 for personal reasons.
Even after receiving the approval from the Mining and Geology Department, the Forest and Environment Department has continued to weigh through the weighbridge.
“The People's Democratic Front was born in uncleanness and the People's Democratic Front will be born in uncleanness.
Shillong: The Assam Petroleum Mazdoor Union (AMU) has decided to stop transporting petrol to Meghalaya in a letter sent to the Sr Depot Manager, HPCL, Betkuchi, Guwahati on 23rd November. 2022.
The Governments of Assam and Meghalaya have signed a soskular to resolve seven of the 12 disputed areas and this soskular was signed in Delhi on 29th October 2022 in the presence of the Minister of Home Affairs. of Amit Shah.
In the meeting held on the 2nd of this month, Bah Kyrmen Shylla, urged the teachers to cooperate with the district authorities through this 'Teachers Attendance Monitoring app.
According to the IIT Guwahati, the Damsite Bridge can only accommodate vehicles weighing up to 15 tonnes.
In the 1960s, the Wah Umkhrah was still clean but now even to walk on it is no longer possible because of the pollution.
It will take more time before the OPD of the hospital will be fully operational.
They don't know how much they are still lying on the floor of the Garo Party.
He said that the ethnic parties in the state have been surprised to see that the people of the state have given their full support to bring the BJP government in the state.
Speaking to reporters, Fr.Leomary Lyndem, said that the Parish Council has taken this decision to declare the forest as 'Law Holy' on the basis of the leadership of the forest. (L) Fr.Sylvanus Sngi Lyngdoh said that the Catholic Church is also concerned about the impact of the environmental degradation.
Speaking to media, Chanki Langbang congratulated all the people of the Elaka who have supported him since 4th December 2016 when he was appointed as Acting Dolloi until today.
Not to mention the rainy season when the people rush to decorate their homes with flowers and colours, because it cannot be said that Mot phran is the It is also a fact that during the rainy season this monument is covered with flower beds and bunrong flowers to attract visitors.
The KSU and FKJGP have sent a letter to the DC demanding that the old toll gate be repaired.
“We demand that the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council should take action against the people of Khanduli and talk to the Assam Government and the Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council so that the farmers of Khanduli can escape from the harassment. and that peace and stability will return,” said Samla Laitphar Syngkrem.
The state police department has already written to the government to send 12 companies of Central Armed Police Forces and seven teams of CoBRA to assist the state police in the search operation in Garo Hills in the next three months. .
The foundation stone was laid twice in Jirang constituency for the construction of the PHC and was laid in 2002 and 2003 at Sohkshang, New Jirang-Ri-Bhoi District.
Rotary Club President JM Pohsngap, General Secretary Rudolf E Laloo and ADM, West Jaintia Hills L Kynjing on Saturday distributed masks and hand sanitizers to the residents of Rotary Club. Mythong, Jowai.
But the answer he gives is no longer.
“I hope that like the work of us two who have already worked, the party will not make a mistake and I appeal to our leaders in the state not to make a mistake and the BJP has 95% to get the election. victory"he added.
Nongstoiñ, March 14 : The residents of Malangkona area, have urged the State Government to turn its attention to the area by bringing in a proper PHC. Malangkona is one of the border villages in Mawshynut C&RD Block.
There will be those who oppose such human rights activists to repatriate them, but we must look after the citizens and for the good of the country first.
They are suspected of killing Fullmoon Kharsahnoh, a driver of a vehicle from Jowai Shillong and Damehipaia Papeng, a driver of a vehicle from Jowai.
The members of the meeting gave some suggestions to be included in the draft policy,” Justice Katakey told reporters today.
Dr M Chuba Ao said the need to take action on the emergence of the All India Trinamool Congress (AITC) in the state, as the party is led by former Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma.
Other nations are allowed to marry with the same kur or the same kur, but you kur are brothers, in our tipbriew-tipblei nation it is not allowed and you are not allowed to defile yourself. sin has destroyed this land that God has created.
Peter said, “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins”.
“I would like to thank the Monitoring Committee of South Shillong Constituency, all the 151 land owners, the Dorbar Shnong of Lower and Upper Lumparing, Laban Riat Madan and Mynsaiñ, the religious leaders who have given permission to use the land. They have allocated their land for the construction of roads within the constituency,” said Ban Sanbor.
There should also be a committee with nodal officers to look after the two rivers, the Umshyrpi and the Umkhrah.
In Iawmusiang, parts of the shyiap, Seiñ Raij, chor and thymme markets were closed. Only volunteers of DS Tympang including women's organizations, youth and village leaders were present. Volunteers from Chutwakhu, Ladthalaboh who took part in blocking the entry and exit to Ïawmusiang.
Acts 2:4
This scheme has been implemented in the new millennium and according to the reports of the Central Government, Meghalaya has lagged behind all the States of the country.
In a statement signed by Rayonald Kharkamni, Minsing Makri, Stoin R Syngkli, Working President of the NPP Nongpoh Block and Lawrence Nongrum General Secretary, they said that on 05/12/2 Tiewsoh has been suspended for 6 months from all his positions in the NPP and we want him to answer to the public why he has been suspended even after 7 months of joining the NPP? On the other hand, we don't want to suspend him but we respect his dignity and we didn't give it to the media.
