The chairman of the committee, Dr Jemino Mawthoh of the UDP, said on Thursday that the committee will visit the project on Thursday to conduct a thorough survey and evaluation. Earlier, the committee had visited the Myntdu-Leska power project to gather information on the operation of the project and the distribution of electricity. There is a shortage of electricity in this state.
Industrial estates shall be selected by the Deputy Commissioner for those which are urgent and require to be opened according to the SOP. 2016) and these shall be approved by the Divisional Forest Officer (Territorial) of West Jaintia Hills District, Jowai.
"The markets will increase the Council's revenue collection," he said.
This MoU signing is unfortunate.
Organizers of fishing competitions, whether individuals, groups, organizations and others, should ensure that they dispose of plastic waste properly. to prohibit the sale of kyiad and khalai at the venue of the fish competition and to provide medicines in case of illness.
However, if we ourselves come forward to claim that wealth, it will be easy to deceive.
Meanwhile, Bah Mansturdy admitted that according to reports, Bah Rowel has explained to his supporters that he will not contest the election from the Congress.
Replying to this, the CEM, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem acknowledged that this is the biggest tourism project of the council in Jingkieng Kalong.
“We have to think carefully before we take a decision,” he said.
“It is true that the reservation policy is an issue that affects the national feeling but that should not be a stumbling block to peaceful thinking,” said Dr. Batskhem.
Announcing this decision, the VPP in a meeting with the media on Monday, VPP Spokesperson Bah Batskhem Myrboh said that the VPP invites the people of Bri u Hynniewtrep to attend. to accompany the VPP leaders on this day to send a letter to the Government to demand an immediate suspension of the recruitment in government departments while the State Reservation Policy has not been finalised.
Regarding the Lyer pollution in Byrnihat, the side will not rest, and will soon meet with the leaders of the Union of Rangbah Shnongs of Byrnihat, to discuss the issue, he said. added.
The total number of cases in the state has now reached 118 and 116 are undergoing treatment.
The 22nd Synod Service will be held at Pomlakrai Church, East Khasi Hills District.
It doesn't mean to throw stones on the ground to protest when it becomes law, but it needs to take precautions, and it needs to be a strong voice in parliament and not to be a threat to the nation.
It is clear that the BJP will not be able to field strong Hindu candidates even in Assembly Constituencies which are ethnically divided and do not have a large Hindu population.
On 18th October 2018, the Meghalaya Police held a special meeting in front of the media to welcome the former General Secretary, HNCL who surrendered before the Deputy Chief Minister. , Meghalaya.
The Court has directed the Home Secretary and the Chief Superintendents of Police in the States to ensure the strict implementation of this order, which has come into force since 4th June,
“Students, parents, are happy and want to get the results of their children but pity the teachers because they have not received their salaries for many months,” said the president of KJDSTA. The Executive Committee of KJDSTA, Shillong, will meet with the Director on the 24th of this month to discuss the pending salary of teachers and to release it immediately. this past three months.
The examination will start on 15th June 2023 and end on 24th June 2024 at 26 Centers across the state, 12 in Shillong, 5 in Jowai and 9 in Tura. .
Shillong, June 4: Members of the Khasi Students Union (KSU) today held a special celebration as the National Day, which is the day when Syiem Tirot Sing Syiem, first attacked the country. authority of the British government in
It is learned that the vehicle was burnt down at 10:00 pm.
This was announced by the State Government in the High Court of the State which heard the case on Tuesday.
HD Kumaraswamy, former Chief Minister and JD(S) leader, said, “If you have followed the rules, “I have made a mistake once in my life,” said HDK. “I have made a mistake once in my life”.
Hundreds of people, including women and men, shouted placards to express their demand for the Syiem Nangtei Syiemiong of the Hima. Let him fall from the throne, because he has ruled over the thousands of the kingdom.
It is for these reasons that there is suffering, destruction in our families and also in society.
“Once we get the approval from these two IITs, we will start building the new Dome,” said Pretone.
Shillong, Naitung 1: The Governor of Meghalaya has announced to the District Magistrates of 11 districts of Meghalaya to implement their powers under Section 5 of the Constitution. Sexual Harassment of Women at Work Act, 2013 (Central Act No.14 of 2013) within the jurisdiction.
However, it was in the tie-breaker that India lost 5-4
The Primary Units which have appointed and confirmed their office bearers and members within six months are Nongkynjang, Domwahlang, Nongkhlaw, Marshan Namlang, Nongdiwah, Porsohat, Shohphria, Umlieh, Sylleiawkheing and Byrki.
God did not build the Temple anymore.
Phan is a plant that grows best in cold countries.
The meeting was attended by Chief Secretary to the Government of Meghalaya RV Suchiang, NEC Secretary KM Chalai, Senior Economic Adviser DoNER KV Pratap and others.
The court, in its judgment, on 14th July 2015, directed the High Court to reconsider the judgment, No. 2 of 2015, on the powers of Rangbah Shnong, while it has not yet The law came, and the end came from Delhi.
Speaking to reporters after the meeting, Pynshngaiñ said he had convened the meeting to ask the opinion of all the MDCs of the PDF whether they still have confidence in him as a leader. The meeting was attended by four Congress MDCs (Mansturdy Nongrem, Lamphrang Blah, Jansing Tynsong and Donevan Kharwanlang). still trusted under his leadership.
The two arrested were identified as Shaheedul Islam and Nabiul Islam, residents of Kis Krishnai village in Goalpara district of Assam.
They waited and walked up and down, until the syngkai was over and when it was 10.00 pm until shiphew shiteng, many of their fellow journalists, along with other employees of the DIPR department, came out. There are friends who have spoken to some of the people who were in the hotel, but it is understood from them; There was only a Hindi discussion meeting of some government departments, including the anthropology department, and when some of them showed the pass, these people, who were at the Polo Tower, were surprised that had no plans to call reporters.
The highest number of cases were reported from Maharashtra with 107 and Kerala with
The School has four departments, namely Public Health, Family and Child Studies, Community Development and Mental Health and Well-Being.
The debate on this topic is aimed at informing the public about the helpfulness of using ATM as well as the risks to be careful if using it.
He said the reason for his resignation was because of the Citizenship Amendment Bill,
The match between the two teams was very friendly and strong, both the teams missed many chances to score from the start and the match ended without a goal being scored. end of the first half.
In the month of April 2023, the Jaintia Hills Development Society, as a group that always looks after the poor and needy families, on this occasion, has donated assistance by rebuilding the shop of this woman. and collaboration with the KHUBLEI German office.
Answering questions, Justice Mahesh said that the appointment of members to the State Commissions is up to the government to take a decision.
Clear, honest and formal prayer should bring about social and even political change as well.
The celestial body has not come close to Earth since
The residents of the village said that on that day, these armed men had gone to shoot at all the residents of the village, in which many of the residents of the village had fled to their homes. forests just to escape, but many were also shot dead and shot by the enemy in the midst of their flight.
Unfortunately, these clothes washers don't care even if the water is dirty, garbage and lati because they wash cars higher than in Umkaliar.
Therefore, they are suffering a lot because it affects the cost of treatment not only for the sick but also for those who go to wait.
Shillong: The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam may discuss the border issue in June.
The party will also strongly support the intention of the people of these border villages to hold a protest in the coming days in Shillong.
The bill repeals the Criminal Law (Amendment) Ordinance, which came into force on 21st June, after a massive protest against the rape of a child in Kathua in Jammu and Kashmir and another rape of a woman in Unnao in Uttar Pradesh.
Syria and Damascus have been places of persecution for God's people and even now for Christians by tyrannical rulers who speak against the Lord Jesus and the Christian faith.
The workshop on Online Selling for Local Entrepreneurs was organized by omechan.com with the support of Marketing Wire and District Commerce & Industries Center Jowai. at the Conference Hall of the District Commerce & Industries Center, Jowai on Tuesday.
The anti-tobacco campaign against tobacco smoking has been successful with the participation of 4.9 lakh children from 7,975 schools in the state.
He said the election for the post of Deputy Chairman will be held tomorrow.
According to the relatives of the pick-up, the vehicle used to carry passengers from Thieddieng to Mawsynram.
The Development Officer of the All India Football Federation (AFF) Andrew Suting gave his support to these women in this tournament.
The Urnar Viewpoint has been improved under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) for the year 2022-23 at a cost of more than T.9 lakh. budget of Rs 2.50 lakh.
"In the course of the world, we always need other people and it is inevitable.
The program was held at the Multi Use Convention Hall of NEHU.
The Sutnga Hima was one of the largest Khasi Himas and its extent extended from the northern part of Bangladesh to the foothills of the Bhoi region.
Chutwakhu took the lead by one goal from the first half through Raplin Ramut (35'), but Lutituber came after scoring these goals and won.
The results can also be viewed on the website www.megresults.
The police vehicle carrying 11 patrolmen was leaving Cholnar Camp to inspect the safety of a road construction site in the area, which is 450 kilometers from Raipur. four policemen were killed in the attack, while seven others were injured.
Other reports said that five doctors have tested positive for the virus in Kashmir.
The government has increased the number of screening centres, one of which is at ISBT Tura for people entering West Garo Hills District, South Garo. Hills District and South West Garo Hills District.
Marriage is not easy for six months or ten years.
After the games, the winners and runners-up were awarded trophies and medals.
The award ceremony has been held until this year due to the outbreak of COVID-19 in the past few years.
The investigation into the incident is ongoing to track down others involved.
The leaders of the union said that all those who intend to hold programs in Mawjymbuin except tourism should inform the village authorities what programs they intend to hold so that the village authorities can decide what to do. long or-em to allow them.
On the other hand, Bah PT Sawkmie said, “This award will be given to those who have passed the First Division and top 10 in SSLC, CBSE and ICSE (Arts, Science and Commerce) and those who have passed The HSSLC pass will be awarded only to those who pass within the Top 20 (Arts, Science and Commerce).
This time India will send up to 28 participants.
Regarding the burning of these three shops, the owners of these shops said that they suspect that someone has come to burn down these shops and they do not believe that their shops will burn down. They also alleged that the enemy, after stealing the goods from the shop, burnt down the shop.
In fact, the EC has appointed an inquiry headed by this engineer alone for this investigation and for this reason, the investigation remains pending.
The instructor was assisted by referees including James Sutnga.
“We had to call another tender in 2011, in that year too the same tenderers who had submitted in 2010 came and were rejected,” said Dhar.
The behavior and action shall be the same as usual.
All those living under containment should stay isolated at home.
East: the North.
The resurgence of cases in the US began in mid-March 2020 and in the past 24 hours, there were 91,295 cases, the report said.
Nongstoiñ, Naitung, 10: “The Chief Ministers of Meghalaya and Assam have decided to resolve the border issue by 15th July at three places in West Khasi Hills, Tarabari. , Gizang Reserve Forest and Hahim Sector are the most acceptable.
Besides, there were also those who said that the people of Mawhati Constituency are happy that they have joined the NPP, because it is the government that has been willing to take the step to take action. to resolve the border issue in those areas where border disputes between Meghalaya and Assam are frequent.
Police have arrested one of the suspects and he has told the others about the incident.
Speaking as the chief guest, Hon'ble Justice HS Thangkhiew said that the duty of the Judges is to judge and fulfill their duties within the Court.
The HNLC on Tuesday appointed its Vice Chairman and Foreign Secretary to take part in the upcoming peace talks between the HNLC, the state government and the HNLC. the central government.
It is to be recalled that the state government has appointed this commission of inquiry after there was a strong protest across the state demanding that the government should appoint an independent commission of inquiry or judicial inquiry. The shooting death of Bah Cheristerfield at his residence on the morning of 13th July 2021 in Mawlai Kyntonmasar.
“The District Council should have a special role in the demarcation of the boundary, because the Hima, Syiem, Lyngdoh, Sirdar are all within the District Council, but the government has crossed them and walked alone to fix the border".
Police have arrested Fairwancy Thoo (22) from Pompyrthat and Daniel Bareh (19) from Rymbai. Eden Thoo, 23, Glory Rymbai, 19, and Melamon Tlang, 19, were arrested.
“Pala at that time had already expressed that he did not want to be President and would support Charles Pyngrope, but suddenly the news came out that Bah Pala had been appointed as President of the MPCC. "he added.
Niaw Wasa United have scored three points in the Meghalaya State League 2023 after beating 2-0 Rymbai Iawpynsing SC beat Rymbai Iawpynsing SC 0 in the first leg of the match played at Kiang Nangbah Stadium.
These skin problems can be caused by the heat of the weather and spending hours outside the home.
Once the vacancies can be filled, the State Police Department will be able to fill the shortage of police officers in their department.
The Government of India has strongly encouraged the people of India to live online, where these days, money goes online, classes go online, shopping goes online. and even business dealings with the government, are moving online.
The Jharkhand State Employment Bill, 2021 was passed for implementation in November last year and about 75 per cent of the funds have been allocated. The residents for employment with a monthly salary of T.40,000 in private companies and said that it has been decided to implement this.
The decision of the State Government through the Department of Commerce & Industries could put the residents of EJHD at great risk from the spread of COVID-1
Thailand on Tuesday suspended operations at an airport after an illegal smuggler was found carrying 28 dkars on a plane bound for Taiwan.
The best source of general information: Children who are good at reading the news every day are good at gathering information about what they need to know.
“On our part, we will follow up on the loss of networks in our area and we have given them a few months to provide the networks. If they cannot provide the networks, we will take the necessary action,” he said. This was announced by the President of Hyc War Jaintia Circle, Samla Yodahunki Shylla and Samla Tam Pohthmi, General Secretary, Shillong Unit.
The Karbi residents also gathered and marched, but the road was blocked by the Assam police patrolling at Khanduli.
B.Nianglang, Sordar of Nonglang Sirdarship, said that after the central government has recognized the village as an Aspirational Village, various departments of the government have From time to time, he comes to provide various trainings to the villagers in agriculture, environment and other areas in order to improve the income of the villagers.
The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
“The government should create measures on the entry of foreigners so that the future of the country will be in peace,” he said.
The union called for the cooperation of the people to bring about a clean environment.
Australia is one of the countries in the world that has expressed its congratulations on Charles' accession and decided to celebrate his accession with the citizens of the UK. $10,000 has been donated to Charles as part of his efforts to protect the Western Ground Parrot (WGP), aka Kyloring', which is beginning to become extinct and rarely seen in UK.The Western Ground Parrot (WGP) is a species that cannot be found in other countries of the world. The UK Government has urged to do something about the protection of these tuta.
The NPP has expressed its desire that these two MLAs should join the party before the polling day in Sohiong on the 10th of this month.
The SEDP is a program implemented by the Government of Mizoram, the MNF aims to improve the quality of land through the improvement of land resources. the inhabitant of the village.
In the men's 1500m, Mehdi Hasan won the Rnong medal in 3:56.01 seconds.
On the 25th, there will be a Shad Nongkjat, which will start from 7 pm to 7.30 pm and only 26 participants are allowed.
The name of the woman is unknown but it is estimated that she is between 30 and 35 years old. golden color.
Philadelphia Police Chief Kevin Bethel said it was fortunate that no one was injured in the incident. The event was held at the venue due to the celebration of the end of the holy month of the Muslim religion.
Shillong, Nailur 29: The President of the Mahila Pradesh Trinamool Congress Committee (MNC) Selma D. Shira on Tuesday expressed her desire to work for the welfare of women in Meghalaya.
“Have you ever seen that we (TMC) support the Citizenship Amendment Bill (CAB) or isn't it the NPP that voted to pass this bill to recognize Bangladeshis? become a full citizen in the country.
Shillong:"Regarding the reports that have emerged regarding the meeting at Orchid Lake Resort, Umiam on the 6th of this month, 22nd, I would like to clarify that the program on that day was unplanned and “It is misinterpreted,” said MLA and Minister of State Bah Sanbor Shullai.
He said that the reason for the cut-off is unknown and they have been in darkness until now.
While the price of synsar is T.90 per kilo but in these months, there is no synsar and the new synsar comes in the first month of October or the last month of June.
“If I complete my B.Sc, I will not look for a government job because it is too difficult for me, I will start my own business and act in films,” she said.
The party has also decided to expedite the work so that the preparations for the MLA elections in 2023 will be smooth.
When inquired whether the incident was committed by the hospital authorities or by the police, a senior doctor, who did not want to be named, said that only the arrested persons were arrested. The police who have the signature on their hands, where the police used to send the signature and print it on a piece of paper to show the signs of shympriahkti and this is only for people who caught.
On the other hand, Bah Godenstar Nonglong, who is the candidate of the Congress, said that he came out to contest the election because he is concerned about the problems faced by the people. the crowd met.
Addiel J Surong is the youngest son of Bandona Surong and Cornelius Laloo, residents of Lower Mawprem. , Downtown.
The BJP MDCs have alleged that Thombor Shiwat said these words on 26th June 2020 during a meeting with JHADCSA officials at his office regarding the salary cut. since November 2019.
Samla Lambok said that the lack of ILP in the state is because there are some of our own people who do not want the ILP to work in the state and the Indian government will take advantage of it.
Shillong, Jaiong :The Catholic Elders' Union of Shillong Archdiocese in a statement through Bah T.Lakiang Spokesperson invites all the Elders from the nine Zones, to the 13th Annual Meet to be held on 30/4/2022 (Saturday) at 12 noon and on 01/05/2022, (Sunday) at 9.30 pm.
On the other hand, the elders are not too concerned to proclaim the message of others.
It is reported that 40 children and households were killed and then others in the house were killed.
The Paiem of Hima Khad-ar Lyngdoh, Paiem Wanphang Syiem Nongshai on this occasion took part in the ceremony of throwing the sponge ka phali, which is part of the custom and tradition. The purpose of the meeting was to announce that Bah Sisten Nongrum has been appointed as the full Rangbah Shnong of Harlibagan Village elected by the people of Harlibagan.
The award was presented at the Charter Night of the Rotary Club Jowai at Orchid Inn, Thadlaskeiñ Mukhla.
Nongpoh: Students from five schools from Meghalaya, who took part in the 26th National Children Science Congress in November in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, have benefited a lot not only in terms of education. information on science, but they also had the opportunity to participate through research in projects and activities related to science and especially on making the country clean through science. they will be.
These truths contained in it have caused various nations, who seek God, to believe and accept these truths. This is the God who is written in the Bible, who created all things. and man also in his own image.
This house is owned by the Gashnga King.
Besides, they said that perhaps the loss of jhur ki jhep in the past few days may be due to the heavy rainfall which has damaged their crops and property. reps who used to receive many kilos but in the past few days they have received only a few kilos of phrisbin which they used to get 40 kilos but in the past few days they have received only 15 kilos because he rotted in the field.
The President highlighted the need to encourage children from the districts to participate at the grassroots level and also to improve the infrastructure and facilities to promote cricket.
The tournament was also witnessed by the talented youths from all over the Khasi Hills from children to adults. In the Men's Single category, there were 21 participants. There are 22 teams in Men's Doubles and 10 teams in Men's Veteran 40+.
He said that in the past three months, the state government has met several times with the coal department of the state government and the talks have been going on.
He said that the Congress party in Mawlai has now been reformed under his leadership and he is also the President of the Mawlai Congress Block Committee.
Meghalaya scored 157 runs in the first innings while Karnataka replied with 551/3
The death toll has risen to 24 including EKH: 17, EGH: 01, RBD: 01, WJH: 04 and EJH: There are 5769 active cases in the State.
The Sohra District Demand Forum (SDDF) on Saturday decided to force the Government to upgrade the Sohra Civil Sub-Division to a district.
Government schemes are also slow except MNREGS and a little bit of soil.
“I used to fight alone without any help, I couldn't do anything before,” said Paiem.
Through this initiative, which has brought us all together here, it will help us to work together to share information and also to demonstrate our skills for the improvement of the health service.
The program was inaugurated by Manish Kumar Singh, Assistant Commissioner, Ri Bhoi District in the presence of Jane Namchu. Principal of Alpha English Higher Secondary School, WK Blah, Umling C&RD Block, students and other dignitaries.
St. Anthony's scored 88 runs for the loss of 10 wickets in 15 overs.
The NPP has alleged that the reason for the suspension of salaries of its 1600 employees is due to this reason. The employees of the Council have come forward to stage a strike and demand their salary which has now reached six months.
Shandalang Talang, retired DIPR Head Phyrnai Marbaniang, Phomlin Lytan and his son Bari Mawthoh, a policeman working in East Jaintia Hills. The program was also attended by the National Icon of India, Bah Headingson Ryntathiang.
Expressing his satisfaction, the Minister said, “It is a subject of great importance not only for our state but for the world as a whole.
The police officer threatened to kill them if they told anyone about the incident.
“The Secretariat is not far from those affected parties, if they face such problems, our door is always open for them to come and meet me or the Prime Minister or the Ministers. The government...we don't have a beat here," he said.
They also said that the dogs suspected of having rabies should not be killed but should be kept and monitored for 10 days and should be informed to the relevant authorities.
“The Dorbar Shnong has held a meeting with these people and some of them have come to take part again,” said the Sordar.
He said that if the tit has a pela in the form of a pela from the bottom, it has a bright or bright body, a stem if the outer part is cut – that shows the signs that you are long bih.
to choose the holy thing.
He also informed that T.3 crore has been allocated for the second phase of land acquisition.
Shillong, March 27 : The Minister of State for Education, Rakkam A Sangma, has urged the Voice of the People Party (VPP) in the Opposition to give constructive comments and suggestions on the issue. I don't know what to do.
I respectfully request and expect the Tourist Department to turn its attention to these wonderful places.
In a statement, Palaniswami said that the state government will implement bilingual education in Tamil and English.
“I strongly urge the state government to take immediate action and arrest and punish these robbers involved in this crime,” he added.
The establishment of these health centers has been of great benefit to the residents of the city and surrounding areas.
The raid on the farm house of Bernard, which was allegedly turned into an illegal shelter, came after the West Garo Hills Police conducted a thorough investigation into the rape of Bernard. one child inside this house on the 28th of June.
Umpling SC took the lead through Klinton Roy Mylliem Umlong (5 min) but Lumparing SC responded through Gilbert Nongneng in the 10th minute. turned the tide in the 22nd minute.
Broadly speaking, the word 'corruption' means the unfair use of the property of others.
The Bible says – “Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins” (Acts 2:38).
Your Khasi are the most religious people.
He said that the committee has been elected by the Legislative Assembly and not by the Executive Committee (EC).
Iaahluti SHG, Shaniahlang SHG, Iah-Yeibha SHG and the youth of Priang village performed traditional songs and dances. Sumer.
This is exactly the case with Khasi Pnar.
The Khasi festival started on the 10th of Saturday last month and continues on Wednesday and today. On the fourth day, which is the last day, the event was held in a smooth manner, in which young men and women were able to take part in the dance. of them to the tunes of dance skits.
Besides SBI Umsning, Shillong Cooperative Urban Bank Ltd has also been closed down.
Water Supply (PHE).
The two bodies were first found by cowboys and the bodies belonged to Shijur. The man was identified as Rickystar Marweiñ, 16 years old and The victim was identified as Refugee Agency Nongrem, 24, from Mawrusyiar.
The accident happened at 1.15 am when a Maruti Celerio ML-04-C-8413 coming from Phramer collided with Pyrkhat Suchiang of Thadmuthlong Pyrdi, West Jaintia Hills. the truck is shadien.
There is only one problem that we face in our society Khasi Khynriam-Pnar-Bhoi-War and Lyngngam, perhaps the children cannot express their love for their alone father, because we don't we are still the owners of the seeds or the Chowkidars; so; thus, the love for the mother becomes stronger (the same race of women, one (United).
The Hynniewtrep Youth Council (HYC) has demanded that the state government should recognize or make Nongstoin the capital of West Khasi Hills District.
The photographs show that the aircraft have bombed and searched these areas, which are believed to be occupied by ISIS fighters, in order to drive away these fighters, who are preparing to capture the country. Anbar Province, the report said.
In the incident, 188 Palestinians were killed, including 55 children and 33 women, and eight were killed in Israel.
“When Pynshngain N Syiem was CEM of KHA DC, he fought against Dr. Mukul Sangma as Chief Minister from the same Congress party, and he went to the Supreme Court.
Shillong, Nailur 03 : Former MLA and Vice President of the United Democratic Party (UDP) on Tuesday said that the decision of the Central Government to hold a Special Session of Parliament from 18th to 22nd November has been shocking. and the whole land shall be desolate.
He said one of the questions raised by the people is the manner of breaking or destroying the drugs seized in the state.
In these areas, there are only large wells which have turned into ponds during the rainy season,” said Bah Brosenly Siangshai, President of the union.
Four of the four states that have held elections for the new government and have already cast their ballots, namely Chattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan and Telangana, have indicated which party they will vote for. ruling now five years.
Shillong College won the overall championship while Sngap Syiem College came second.
In a statement, the Ministry of Home Affairs, Government of India, said that the amendment, dated 11th March, 2021, aims to bring about order in the operation of the Border Force. , that they may properly discharge, their duties, in guarding the borders and controlling smuggling activities.
Fr George Shingstar Lyngkhoi, urged the students to encourage the children with disabilities to attend school and to know that the Government of India has special programs for the children with disabilities. He also congratulated the team for organizing this programme.
For more information, please call:
These new office bearers and members of the Girls Wing were confirmed and sworn in by the President of the Sengkmie, Samla Lambokstarwell Marngar.
Jowai, July 24: The District Level Inter School Football Tournament (DSO) was organized by the District Level Inter School Football Tournament (DSO) in Jowai. The tournament was held on Saturday at the Kiang Nangbah Stadium, Northeast Jowai.
According to Saurabh Dixit Project Manager of Nongstoiñ Wahkaji Company, the ground near the bridge has collapsed slowly due to the heavy construction of the bridge. maintenance.
Dr.E.Lytan who is a trained doctor in the field of children was also present at the programme. sun.
Jowai: U Double-Me Rupsi of Bataw village, East Jaintia Hills has been arrested by the West Jaintia Hills Police on charges of kidnapping a child. 15-year-old from Thadmuthlong village who is also related to his wife.
Recess: the meaning of recess is not to stop; shikylla is the time to talk or do anything.
In a statement, CSWO President Agnes Kharshiing said that the Sordar of Raid Kyrdem, Pholning Makdoh, former Rangbah Shnong of Klew, has warned the residents that if they do not comply, they will be punished. ration and voting rights.
So, what do we really see happening now in Israel? That all Jews accept another man who claims to be the Messiah, a Russian Jew, named Yanuka Rav Shlomo Yehuda.
The Pangam Raliang Border Development Committee (BBDC) has demanded that the government should immediately implement the bridge by providing security measures from the police department, as this is the right and land of the state and the government. community.
But although Israel did not start this war, it is Israel that will end it.
He said the mid-term elections from Selsella should also be contested but the final decision will depend on the decision of the party in Delhi.
On the demand to allow the transportation of coal, the Court said it is awaiting the report of the technical committee set up by the Government of Meghalaya to look into the availability of coal that has been mined and weighed as demanded by the court. petitioners in Court and expects a report within four weeks.
Regarding the return of students and those working abroad, there have been hundreds of such students and foreign workers, who have returned to their homes, who have in the state of Meghalaya.
While the world is still in rule, the people are still scattered until they are destroyed.
“The people are wise now, they are watching the events, what we have done,” said the president of the HSPDP. from uranium, ILP and border issues.
The Addl.Deputy Commissioner, East Jaintia Hills District, Bah Jonathan Shylla, MCS, while explaining the great work of these ANMs from East Jaintia Hills District, said that they are the ANMs who take the work seriously. Leitmon Pasleiñ, ANM of Jalaphet Sub Center has helped 121 mothers who gave birth, including those who gave birth at home and at the Sub Center and people who gave birth at home. She has also received the Florence Nightingale Award 2021, the highest honor for nurses in the country.
Shillong: The United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHP) on Tuesday held a meeting with the leaders of the United Hynniewtrep Movement (UHP) at Ialong Tourism Lodge.
Mawlai reminded that it is a patriotic place and it cannot work with those who sell it.
However, he said that in the month of June or November, there will be another meeting between the Prime Ministers after the Regional Committees have completed their work and there may be areas where the two States. they will reach the ability to adjust.
“I am surprised that even though I have done so many things, there are still those who do not support me and these are forbidden to the doer of good which is against the law of religion and all the holy books. but I will work hard for all,” he added.
“Therefore, to say that it has not been discussed in the Cabinet is wrong,” he added.
Ernest alleged that the delay in settling the border between Meghalaya and Assam was due to the political struggle of the Congress during its rule in Delhi and in these two states.
“My tweets will always be ones that I will always hold on to,” Bhushan said.
His family members have been quarantined by the West Bengal Health Department.
Four people have lost their lives and five others have sustained serious injuries, police said in Arunachal Pradesh on the 11th of this month. The vehicle overturned and fell into a ditch near Kemliko village (along the Godak-Raga road), Kamle district of Arunachal Pradesh.
“This has encouraged us and we have seen this crop cultivation as one of the ways to earn money, so we have increased the cultivation of these crops,” said Rymbai. Up to 1200 trees can be sold at the price of 8 tyngka per tree.
Not only that, this border crossing scheme of Assam shows that it has incited the KAAC to set up an illegal Tax Collection Gate at Khanduli village just after announcing that there will be a border settlement between Meghalaya and in the State of Assam.
The lower part of the landfill also includes 900mm of geosynthetic clay and a layer of HDPE Geomembrance to prevent the flow of water to the back which could pollute the well.
In Saphai, 16 households, 10 households in Iooksi, 6 households in Biar and 13 households in Khonshnong were involved in the distribution of foodgrains.
In a statement, Zoramthanga said that there were 200 Assam policemen led by the IGP of Assam, accompanied by DC, Cachar, SP, Cachar and DFO, Cachar. They reached Vairengte Auto-rickshaw stand at 11:30 am and crossed the border of the area, which was guarded by CRP police. Mizoram police have been arrested.
In this regard, the Union of Soh Sellers of Nongstoiñ Market together with the Ri-Khasi Sepngi Federation on Thursday held a meeting to discuss the issue at the Hall of the Syiem of Nongstoiñ Hima.
In a meeting with the inspector, she directed that she will send for testing to Guwahati and if found to be incorrect, they will be punished according to the law.
Schools, teachers and parents should take care of the education and future of the students.
On the other hand, Shailendra Kumar Sharma, the petitioner in the PIL, said that the operators of these illegal coke plants in the state are operating in Guwahati and their activities are going smoothly. The case was heard by a court of three judges including the Chief Justice of the High Court (HC). Justice Sanjib Banarjee, Justice W Diengdoh and Justice HS Thgangkhiew issued an order saying, “We expect the state police department to do its part in accordance with the rules of law and to don't delay this as soon as possible.
It is true that the government is in financial difficulties as it has been expressed from time to time but the surprising thing is that any program it wants to implement does not see a shortage of funds but turns to the salaries of its employees. always state that there is no money.
All the idols and other items were cleaned and collected from the river along with the use of uh shilum and garbage trucks of the Municipal Department to dispose of the garbage to the garbage dumps.
JOWAI: U Ma Thombor Shiwat MDC Nartiang Umladang has once again been elected CEM of the Jaintia Hills Autonomous District Council (JHADC) without any opposition in the election of the CEM of the council held in the House on Friday.
The Manipur Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) has sent a letter to BJP President JP Nadda urging the CM to repatriate and provide accommodation for those who do not have additional accommodation in their home villages and to provide compensation for those who lost their homes as well as financial support for those injured and killed in the violence that took place in the state.
At the same time, the Church would like to thank the Police of Jowai and West Jaintia Hills who have worked hard since morning since late at night to manage the vehicles that came to the service.
Furthermore, before His ascension to heaven, Jesus sent His disciples and followers to go into all the world to preach the Gospel and make disciples and baptize in the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit.
The KNTD&OA has donated rice and dai to 75 residents of 11 villages including Ksehrynshang, Moobakhon, Nongmulieh and Sehlama. , Namdong B, Namdong A, Umjalasiaw, Thadmukoh, Khonsaro and Ladmynngor.
Shillong, November 20: The tourist attraction at Wahrashi was inaugurated on Saturday.
Regarding the date of publication of the Electoral Roll, if there is any complaint regarding the inclusion of names in the Electoral Roll or in any other manner, it should be filed before 9th November, by filling in Form 6, 6A, 7 or 8 as required.
The 1st SSYWO Free Inter School Knock Out Football Tournament 2022 started on the 2nd November 2022 and ended on the 22nd November groups and also the public including parents, young men and women to young children.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) today directed the Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBOSE) to hold the examinations from 20th July 2020 within four days.
Japan surrendered.
Shillong, July 21: After the ban on maggi in the state, the government has now sent for examination of 12 types of maggi to determine whether they are suitable for consumption.
he explained about the origins of the group.
He said that as the party urges the state government to improve the road, in order to facilitate the traffic of the people living in the area, which is also an area with on the Meghalaya-Assam border.
KA MAT BA NYNGKONG TAM KABA NGI DONKAM HA KA BRI U 7TREP JONGNGI KADEI KUMNO BAN KHANG IA KA JINGWAN KI BAR JYLLA NABAR BAD KUMNO BAN BEH NE PHAH LEITPHAI NOH IA KINE KIBA LAHDON LPA HANGNE HA KA RI JONGNGI BA KIN LEITPHAI NOH NA KA BRI U 7TREP SHA LA SHNONG LAJONG.KO V.P.P SATANG HAPHI NGI DON KA JINGKYRMEN BAN PYNKHIH IA KANE KA MAT NAMAR KANE KADEI KA MAT KABA NYNGKONG EH NAPDENG KI MAT BAROH KHOIT.KAN PYNLAIT IA KA RI NA KA JINGMA BAD KA PYNKYLLUID IA KI SUROK NA I DO NOT KNOW HOW MUCH THE ILP CAN STOP THE ENTRY OF FOREIGNERS BECAUSE ONLY THOSE WHO HAVE LPA RUH DONKWUTTHIA. I HAVE PAID YOU RI KHASI THIS MATTER IS NOT GOING TO BE DONE NOW2 LYM KUMTAN G I N S A I A The railway line is not able to talk about it when it is clear that it will not bring benefits or harm.
It is here that they say, "A scalp for a scalp and a tooth for a tooth" and this happens to a man, who has drunk blood, to a man, who suspects that he has a relationship. hidden with your husband.
On receiving information that the kid was given the counterfeit money, the owners rushed to Guwahati to inform a company whose employees had come to buy the coal. If you don't pay, you'll be handed over to the police.
Sonia Gandhi, the party's chief leader, said the results in the four states were very disappointing and that she should have thought carefully before she reached the party. the 2014 elections.
The trade will be allowed to resume in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Deputy Commissioners in the State.
They were on their way to Ratacherra in East Jaintia Hills when they were traveling in an SUV when the vehicle fell into the river at around 8 pm this morning.
He appealed to the people of 3 Raliang to support him in this election so that he can fulfill his dreams to serve the people.
Regarding the new price, the owners of the Wine Store said that the new price does not affect the truth but the reason is because the people don't have enough money, because all the wine stores don't buy alcohol. There are many cases in the country.
These brokers mostly sit on chairs like office workers and act like 'seiñ puh'
However, although many political parties attended the meeting, the Chief Minister, Dr Mukul Sangma, said the meeting was fair and necessary.
Satan is now walking around the world with his servants the devils while it is not yet his turn to rule the world, but the time is near for the devil because he has long wanted to be. king.
The Presbyterian Church has pointed out the need for a New Education Policy, a Juvenile Justice Act to help those who are young. and the Uniform Civil Code or the Code of Equality of Faith, these provisions or rules and regulations shall always affect the Christian Church even in Meghalaya and not in other states of the country. Country.
Speaking to Rupang, these farmers said that it was an easy job for them to bring rain to fill the Umiam River. Because of the water shortage, they accepted that the job belongs to the government, and it is not a public service to give up voluntarily, and so they remained silent.
When asked whether the Hima Mylliem has been able to issue pata in the market, Bah Shylla said that in the market the land cannot be given even to non-Khasis. “It shows that the Land Transfer Act has been violated,” he said.
Therefore, the leaders and scholars of this nation should take note of the birth of these patriotic organizations which call themselves bhalang organizations.
Follow strict protocols to prevent corona leaks.
Shillong, March 12: The North Eastern Hill University in collaboration with Tata Steel will hold the Regional Samvaad (North-East India) on the 14th and 15th of this month at NEHU, Shillong.
Speaking at the closing ceremony of the 100th Anniversary of Laban Bengali Higher Secondary School, Chief Minister Conrad K Sangma on Tuesday said that his government will have to make arrangements in terms of education. education in the state in a comprehensive manner after the departure from the foundations as planned for 50 years.
“I am very pleased that our U-19 boys have been able to rise after the first two matches and come forward,” said MCA President Naba Bhattacharjee after the final.
In the second match of Category 10 Group B, Onside Rynjah beat PFR Soccer Camp 4-0 to score three points.
From today, October 6, 2023, there will be a night curfew from 9 pm to 5 pm, until further notice.
Covering the head protects against the damage of the wind or sun, especially if it is a dry hair and protects the hair that gives colour. Shniuh is also a major cause of damage when you tan or remove shniuh especially if your shniuh is already dry from the sun.
BK Samiam, incharge secretary MUPSTA, urged all the teachers to take the time to attend the meeting so that the objectives of the union will be achieved.
On the part of Father J.Marngar, he appealed to the faithful to understand the anxiety and desire to know the date and time when the body of Archbishop Dominic Jala will arrive. I'm going to Shillong.
The Public Services Act of the MDA government is working on the coal mining, the ILP issue, the corruption in the District Councils, the management of Covid-19, the Border. problems,now the increase in the price of diesel and petrol until the drivers and owners of vehicles who can not live or earn anymore even the fuel bill,but the government will continue to increase until we lose our lives. The people, the rulers don't care even if we die, the people just to get their own money, that's enough.
He also explained to the youth that the welfare and development of any place or region will come only when there are many intelligent and intelligent people to do any job.
“This is the goal of the government to continue to develop in the field of sports and sports facilities,” he said.
The KSU has admitted that Abhi Coke is 1 km from National Highway 6 and Mokhep village, Ladrymbai and from a school called Good Shepherd Secondary School in Ladrymbai.
She also alleged that the PMUY and Direct Debit Transfer schemes for alcoholic beverages are projects of the Government of India, but in this state most of the consumers of alcoholic beverages are poor households.
Let us not let the world despise us when we speak what is right, better is a wild man who dares to speak what is right than a nobleman who does wrong and does not use his power properly; better are the wild men who cry out and shout for the people than the nobleman who hides himself in the golden room and looks back at the problems faced by many people.
By distributing PPE Kits to: (a) Village Volunteers if necessary during the funeral of the deceased by burning or burying them immediately after the funeral.
All leaders from parents, village leaders, religious leaders, civil society leaders, school teachers especially public leaders such as MLA/MDC/MP should be examples of discipline. .
Your KAM and TUR claims are as follows:.
About 12 factories at Ram Bagh Road in Azad Market were closed down.
Speaking as the Chief Guest, the Minister of Agriculture said that it is necessary to expand the trade through Sohphan and to see how the farmers have benefited.
Special campaigns : The Government of India has continued to leverage the strength of the people by launching two more programs to implement these activities.
From these departments we can get various assistance in the field of agriculture and livestock,” said Bah Seibor.
Anyone or anything in the world is born with freedom.
“Just remember and remind myself that during the elections I used to see that there was always a handshake.
In parts of Upper Shillong, Mawngap, Mylliem and Riwar, the storm hit from 10 pm and continued until 11 pm.
If the farmers themselves are still slaves in the markets, remember that the country is still a country that is still in darkness and has not yet achieved full independence and is led by the leaders of the country. nation and selfishness.
the world is now waiting for the third temple to be built in Jerusalem.
“I wanted to leave at 5 o'clock but the owner didn't tell me.
The tribulation, because the Israelites rejected the Messiah (Jesus) was 1875 years from 70 AD-1945 AD. They rejected their Messiah because of their unbelief in Him.
Drug traffickers have been arrested in Mumbai on charges of possession of MDMA (Methylenedioxy methamphetamine) worth Rs 15.42 lakh, police said on Friday.
The literacy rate increased to 74.43% in 2011 from 29.49%.
The son was seriously injured in the incident.
Dragon tribes 13.
He said that it is necessary to collect information about the state first, to collect information and photographs, as part of the preparations of the state to celebrate its 50th anniversary.
The order issued by the court on 13th June found that Treda Sungoh was guilty of rape and robbery.
Jowai, Naitung 24: The Chairman of the Jowai Municipal Board (JMB) Lasooki D Lakiang has expressed his regret over the resumption of garbage collection in parts of Iawmusiang Road, Lad Thomas Jones and Shooting Ground. Rice Plantation Jowai.
Similarly, the property of the husband, if he does not give a written notice before his death, shall go to them as written.
Randy was also the bass player of the Eagles and his loss has been a great loss to all the members of the Eagles and at the same time to the fans of the band.
Earlier, on 13th June 2020, a 22-year-old cancer patient from the same residence in Mumbai, tested positive for the virus.
Regarding these strange rules, the union would like to make it clear that this is not the responsibility of the Food and Safety Department, but these strange rules show that the state government has received a directive from the central government to “They hide the meat that we the indigenous people eat from the fields just for the sake of the honor of foreigners who don't eat pork or beef and this is a disgrace to us indigenous people,” he said.
It is worth mentioning that there has been a suspicion that some MLAs and MDCs in the MDA have not taken the initiative to support the joint candidate Dr Jemino Mawthoh in the last MP election.
The Minister also praised the hard work of all the employees of the Social Welfare Department including officers to anganwadi workers who have worked hard for the welfare of the community in the district and the state. hi all.
Because many people still don't understand, I would like to advise my dear readers on the meaning of the word 'environment'
As the saying goes, if the power is lost, even the King becomes a riew madan.
At the same time, the CEM said that the problems faced by the farmers were also discussed, and it was decided that the farmers should also sell their produce. , so that there may be no cheating or deceitfulness by throwing together the goods.
The aim of this discussion is to improve the effectiveness of the health centre, to ensure that specialized health services are effective for those in need.
The date, time and venue of the ceremony will be announced later.
Rtn Samehi Laloo has been elected as the President of Rotary Club Jowai for the term 2022-2
Conrad said that according to the NLCN Chairman, the protests in Manipur and the problems faced by the insurgents in the North East have thwarted the plan to purchase weapons and receive training.
At the time of writing, it was seen that the traffic jam had increased slightly and continued to Hynniewmer Road.
According to information gathered, Nasser allegedly sent hundreds of thousands of dollars to Hamas in November last year alone (2023).
Jain University has won 15 Gold, 8 Silver and 4 Bronze medals and the PUC has won 15 medals. Guru Nanak Dev University, Amritsar (GNDU) won 10 gold, 14 silver and 5 bronze medals. They are now fighting to get rid of that group in order to win the first place together with five days left of the tournament.
Shillong: The Working President of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Bah Paul Lyngdoh today handed over the documents to the Chairman of the High Level Committee (HLC), Bah Prestone Tynsong for the need to relocate the Kharmetor from Iewmawlong.
The statement said the bill is against the human rights under Article 21 of the Constitution of India.
However, what struck the audience was the scene between Dharmendra and Shabana Azmi and what came out well was the discussion, by the actors, on how these actors, who are old, are still I like to play movies.
The smartphone has the best performance such as three 50MP rear cameras with AI, it is also powerful for night photography or Super Night mode which is becoming more and more popular. further improve this functionality by having an F1.6 aperture that can capture beautiful images even in low light.
The plan to set up ELCs has been around for a long time and they are still functioning but there are some that are not functioning,” Tiwari told reporters after signing the MoU. He said that the teachers will be the Nodal Officers of the ELCs. Swapnil Tembe has sent a statement to the students. the government's desire to promote democracy.
In society, there is a view or a view of human rights and shortcomings.
Shillong, November 14: U Jt.
I am pleased that we are able to deepen the engagement and provide full support to [24]7.
Dr Laloo said he would visit to inspect the implementation of the project.
Of course the Olympics are near and it is difficult to qualify," Saina said.
Now we have come to that inheritance and we are that inheritance that saw the fall of the Dumbur Tree and that nearby rain.
In Chhatisgarh, before the elections, many said that the Congress would be able to form a government again because of the good performance of the Congress-led government.
Similarly, the Hybrid Model of PCB Chairman Najam Sethi for the national team to play home matches, besides the match against India at home, has been rejected. not to other members of other countries within the Union.
He won the UDP ticket in 2019 against Kilometer Lytan.
The Government has sent the following documents regarding the decision to implement this road, but the efforts to build this road are only to allow vehicles to pass, and some of the documents They are regarding the issuance of Work Orders for the construction of this road and the notice of invitation for tender.
He said, therefore, if the Congress is allowed, it will ensure that Meghalaya will have a corruption-free government.
On this occasion, the village leaders and MLA of the area, Kong Santa Mary Shylla also requested the state government to look into and take action on this issue.
The training will cover many areas of specialized training, such as ownership of hotels, safety, digital marketing, and to achieve or.
Explaining on the unrealized demands such as ILP, Hamlet said that this is the most important part of this election and also to get the recognition of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the country. The Phra Charter.
In fact, they should have gone and arrested him alive because he was at home in pain and sleeping with his children.
This announcement was made by the Secretary of the Department of Animal Husbandry and Veterinary Services, following the confirmation of the blood test of pigs at the NERDDL, Guwahati.
In East Jaintia Hills, there are 236 cases and 3083 cases have been unemployed.
Shillong, Naiwieng 18: Four athletes including men and women have left for the state to participate in the Asian Cup. 2023.
When he was caught by the snake, Bah Khongphai, struggled to save himself and managed to escape to a deserted road, where they immediately helped him and took him to hospital; but it was said that the old man had cut off one of his ears.
Minister Duh also asked about the reforms implemented to improve the quality of education in schools.
Ri-Bhoi Synod College of Ri-Bhoi Synod College also distributed prizes. The winner of the Poetry Competition was Bini Jamatia of Union Christian College. Kyrmenskhem Nongshli of Balawan College and Wanlumlang Mawlong of Balawan College came in third place.
This can be seen only before 2023 as the MLA elections will be held again in Meghalaya to elect new people's leaders from different constituencies of Meghalaya.
Most of the residents of the area are non-Khasi and belong to different ethnic groups such as Garo, Koch, Bengali, Myndai and others.
He said that if the death toll in Nepal reaches 10,000, it will be more than in 1934 when the death toll was 8,5
The Eastern Border Sports Association (EBSA) has demanded from the Minister of State for Sports, Bah Shakliar Warjri for the construction of a stadium in Mawsynram.
The Secretary VEC of Phlongingkhaw came to the Public Hearing without the documents because the former Secretary VEC has not handed them over to him since
Maybe she could just send a letter in the form of a warning or a request.
Police are awaiting the post mortem report to find out the cause of their deaths.
The MR Symbud also expressed his satisfaction with the cleanliness of the village, which has improved in the cleanliness of the village and said that regarding the arrival of foreigners, the villagers should not show behavior. whispering to the visitors.
Nongstoin, November 2: Rambrai is a well-known village which is close to Nongstoin which is the headquarters of West Khasi Hills District. , Rambrai, Lawdibah, Umsiej, Nongkroh, Umjaut and other villages.
He said that Meghalaya has only two hydropower dams in the state, the Umiam Hydro Project and the Leksha Hydro Project.
Shillong: There have been 269 new cases of covid-19 in Shillong today, 655 recoveries and 5 deaths.
There were also TV footage of debris coming from the plane.
Dashngain Sukhalin opened the scoring in the 9th minute and Riburom Jat scored the second goal in the 32nd minute to give the team a two-goal lead in the first half.
Jowai: Contract teachers who have worked for many years in Govt LP Schools in the state have expressed their sorrow and grief. The government can dismiss them and replace them with those who have passed the Meghalaya Teachers Eligibility Test (MTET), the results of which will be announced.
When I read inside to find out, I was surprised to learn that Meghalaya, Shillong (City) ranked 120th, while other cities in the North East like Gangtok-10, Agartala- 32, Guwahati51, Kohima-76, Imphal-83.
Ma Firstborn Laloo told the story of the life of Kiang Nangbah and also distributed prizes to the winners of various competitions.
It is alleged that the child and her mother were beaten and injured by the robber.
In this election of the Leaders to the Legislative Assembly of the State, it was found that the distribution and distribution of thousands, thousands and even lakhs of rupees was one of the most important issues. in this lympung.
“As one of the candidates for the Lok Sabha elections, I urge you the people not to sell your vote because if you have sold your vote, you are selling the future.
He gave an example that the council's proposal to set up a Monitoring Check Gate to check the entry and exit of minerals in the coal factories has not been approved by the government.
My request to the VPP as a political party is to meet the Prime Minister, if they need clarification, it will be explained to them.
There is probably no one who does not want to keep his body, home, dress neat and clean.
Relationship between the people and the District Councils: It has been heard from the people working with the Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council that there is a delay in the decision of the cases in the District Council Court. It has been going on for 24 years, but no decision has been made.
But has there been any change in the lives of the people in these 50 years? Has poverty decreased or increased? Has the lack of land by the indigenous people even to build a house upset those legislators whom we have elected every five years? Do we get clean drinking water or do we get drinking water that makes us sick? Do all children under the age of 14 go to school or do many of them drop out? go to school because your parents can't support you (usually only your mother because your father has left)? When I went to the remote areas, I found that many boys between the ages of 12-14 years old went to graze cows instead of going to school.
AIFF President Kalyan Chaubey said, “This is a more important day in the country's football history when it has achieved its dreams.
Kolkata: In West Bengal, places of worship, including temples, mosques and gurudwaras, will reopen from July 1, 2020; However, no more than 10 people will be allowed to gather at the same time, said Mamata Banerjee, Chief Minister of West Bengal.
The announcement was made on Thursday by the Union Government led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.
JOWAI: Ma Coming One Ymbon, Minister of Fisheries, on Tuesday said that fish farming is one of the sources of income and encouraged the fish farmers as well as others who have not yet started fish farming to turn to it. It works because fish is a food or meat that everyone buys and enjoys eating because it helps to build the needs to build the strength of the human body.
Until now, we have to ban the entry and exit from one state to another, while the work within the states depends on the understanding of the different states and how they will manage to fight against this is a disease.
Shillong: The North Eastern Electric Power Corporation Limited (NRPC) has announced that from the 22nd of this month there will be no power outage in the state.
Speaking to media, the presidents of the KSU from South West Khasi Hills, West Khasi Hills and North Khasi Hills supported the demand of Garoland State, but opposed the drawing of a map. Shahlang, Borsosa, Nongjri, Nonghyllam, Riangdo, Mawshynrut, Kyrshai, Arodonga and Khanapara, Byrni and Jorabad up to I didn't go to Ri-Bhoi.
Highlight : highlighting does not highlight something; shai is not typical.
Shillong, November 20: The Meghalaya Rural Bank Officers' Association (MGA) will hold its Biennial General Body Meeting at the Ee Cee Hotel Conference Hall, Khyndailad, Shillong on the 23rd of this month at 10.30 am.
He said that the government has a plan to make the state one of the states to become a film industry as it is a state which already has all its natural beauty. .
HNYF Shillong President TS Mawlong said that they have lodged a complaint with the district administration after seeing the danger and impact on the environment.
The National Energy Conservation Day and awards ceremony was organized by the Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE) under the Ministry of Power, Government of India, which is empowered under the Energy Conservation Act, 2001, to regulate and encourage the electricity supply in India.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Renikton Lyngdoh Tongkhar, MLA Mawkyrwat Constituency as the chief guest in the presence of the office bearers of the Mawkyrwat District Sports Association (MDSA).
Nongstoiñ, Nailar 9: Rambrai SC beat Ryntih SC 5-0 in the first leg of the tournament. development projects whether in education, roads, health and others.
He said that as discussed on the 7th of this month, for the MP election, there will be a cooperation between the UDP and the HSPDP. The President said that the CEC has also directed the Districts and Circles to strengthen the party to ensure that they are successful. already prepared for elections should they come at any time.
Thirteen boxes containing 162 grams of heroin were recovered.
Lusail, Qatar: Vincent Aboubakar scored two minutes before the end of the first half to help Cameroon beat Brazil 1-0 in the World Cup. It is also the first time in 24 years that Brazil have lost to the same team in the opening round.
We believe that peace and hope will return to our state,” said many Christians in the capital of Manipur where bloodshed and riots and killings have broken out.
The Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Bah Sniawbhalang Dhar, on 16th October, said that the government has prepared accommodation only for the 342 registered households living in Them Ïew. Mawlong, however, will not recognize those who are not illegal.
A Facebook spokesperson said that during the rollout of the app, users were allowed to delete these conversations from their names.
While the use of computers and digital systems to store land information has made progress in some parts of Assam, it has been found that this is still lacking in the areas under the Bodoland Territorial Council. , Karbi Anglong Autonomous District Council and Dima Hasao Autonomous District Council.
Indeed, the Legislative Assembly uses English in its speech.
In this regard, the union has requested the Minister of Health and Family Welfare, Bah AL Hek to take action to provide the necessary services as soon as possible especially to the health workers who are at the forefront of the fight so that they can provide the necessary services. full service.
Nongpoh, Lber 19: A truck driver has been seriously injured when he collided with a truck parked on the road from Guwahati to Shillong. After reaching Nongpoh, he unexpectedly went to collide with the parked truck and sustained serious injuries.
The Chairman of the committee, Rev.PBM Basaiawmoit, led the silence as a sign of respect for this great man of the country. the relatives of this great man and the country and the nation as a whole.
He said that during his tenure as Minister, he has approved the implementation of the Sports Policy and Youth Policy in the State for the benefit of the youth of the State.
He said that he is not going alone but he needs friends to advise on how to make fertilizer and with the cooperation something can be done for the needs and benefits of the farmers.
The Kopati Puja is held for three days from Nartiang, Musiang, and Mushai. During these two days, the young men and women dance and rejoice with the ksing, dhah and The purpose of this Kopati Puja is to pray for health, prosperity, prosperity, education, wealth, and in all aspects of life. long man man man.
The union demands that the state government should immediately build the road, while there is no tragic incident and the union also warns the government not to take other measures if the state government does not. Repair the road immediately.
The union has also submitted a letter to the DC on this issue.
Five minutes into the second half, Messi lifted the ball to Taylor, who didn't miss the opportunity.
Shillong, Nailar 02: To encourage doctors to come to work in the state after completing their studies, the government has increased to T.30 lakh the social contract with any youth who go to study medicine. from the State Government.
Hey! Furthermore, there are 162 countries in the world where people have died from this deadly disease.
There are 5794 vaccinees who have not yet reached the 2nd dose and 4031 who have exceeded the 2nd dose.
KSU leaders who visited these farms include Samla Readyon Nongrum, Member of Consumers & Farmers Protection Cell of KSU CEC, Samla Stevenson Kharkrang, Chairman of the Cell of NKHD Unit, Samla Elexius Narleng. Vice-President NKHD Unit and many members of the party.
India has come a long way in the last 75 years.
Another highlight of the celebration was the multimedia exhibition which showcased the best practices in education in schools and higher education institutions.
The AJYWO Sengkmie expresses its gratitude to the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways for its order to close down all the winestores along the National Highways.
Shillong, Naitung 16: The Congress party has become increasingly aware of the political struggle of the party MLAs who have hidden their political struggles but there are also some MLAs who belong to the party. The Congress and the MLAs alone, who have worked with the Congress party, have expressed their dissatisfaction with the government led by the former Chief Minister of the state.
There is no registration fee on this website, but to become a full member or to use all its features, members must you have to pay some price.
The rally led by Sonia Gandhi started from Parliament Building in the presence of P. Chidambaram, Mallikarjun Kharge, Jairam Ramesh, Ranjeet Ranjan, Rahul Gandhi, Priyanka Gandhi Vahdra. riam with that jaiñ ïong.
This is their way of thinking and this wrong way of thinking should be changed,” said the Additional Solicitor General of India.
Shillong: Dolly Khonglah, Secretary, Meghalaya International Exporters Chambers (MIECC), has been elected as the Vice President of India.
After he resigned from the police in 1984 to enter politics, the Indira Gandhi government assigned Lalduhoma to hold talks with Laldenga, the leader of the Mizo National Front (MNF). ), which in those years was still a rebel group in Mizoram.
Ranjana Agarwalka spoke about the comprehensive development program in the block and pointed out the need for all stakeholders to come together under one platform to turn Government schemes into mass protest.
Shortly after, the Dkhars demanded the thlongs and synrei to plant rice.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Meghalaya Board of School Education (MBoSE) on Tuesday released the results of the Higher Secondary School Leaving Certificate (HSSLC) or Class XII Arts and the results of the Secondary School Leaving Certificate (SSLC) or Class X.R. Menangmankhraw Kharkongor of St. Anthony's Higher School, Shillong with 468 marks and Gaurav Bharali of St. Edmund's Higher Secondary School, Shillong. He scored 468 marks.
Shillong, Jymmang 15: The North East Indigenous Peoples Federation (NEIP) has sent a petition to the Chief Secretary of Meghalaya, KS Kropha, demanding that the state government The government has refused to return the revenue collected from the land owners, which it has collected from the land owners. The National Green Tribunal (NGT) has refused to resolve the coal ban.
Lumpyngad UPS was established on 9th June 2015 by the Dorbar Shnong Lumpyngngad to enable children to continue their education in the village.
At first, when Moses showed only his rod, Pharaoh also sent magicians to bring out snakes with all their rods, but Moses' rod swallowed them up. and all the magicians Exs.7:1
Islam was speaking at a meeting between the BSF and BGB troops in India.
The difficulty is how to find out who those who buy this drink are.
In the field of health, we don't have enough leaders to take care of those PHCs or CHCs so many of the sick have to be taken to private hospitals. This is because there is no policy to make the youth talented in sports lose hope. What is more sad is that the hopes of the youth talented in sports have been shattered only once every five years before the election as we are witnessing.
After a sudden clash with the BSF troops, the robbers involved in this illegal activity fled the scene by taking advantage of the darkness and leaving behind these cows.
This dance is also part of the thanksgiving to the Creator to bless the people of the Khasi religion.
Ardent questioned the appointment of up to three Advisors to the Chief Minister and the appointment of former Director General of Police (DGP) R Chandranathan as Security Adviser.
Bah Samlin said that the road should be opened to the public immediately after the completion of the work.
On the other hand, the HYC appealed to the PWD department to take action to repair this road so that it will be safe for traffic.
Environmentalists estimate that each year about 4.7 million hectares of forest are destroyed worldwide.
The man, Lovekesh Kumar, slept with other employees after dinner.
Your office is AH & Vety.
Then the word "Riang" also means trouble.
Where, then, does our future lie? We need to have a vision in our lives as individuals and as a nation as a whole on this issue.
The Pynursla Block Trinamool Congress Committee in a statement issued by the party said that it has informed the authorities of the PWD National Highway Division and the Symbud Myntri who is also the MLA of the constituency. Prestone Tynsong on the deterioration of the road from Siatbakon to the end of Umsyiem village. you are in Pynursla.
Such topping is usually done earlier for drinking tobacco and later for cigarette tobacco, because topping makes the leaves thicker.
Most of the victims are market vendors, transporters, second hand clothes vendors and others who earn their living in Motphran, Anjalee and Iewduh. The State Government has not provided any assistance to them.
Jaitley is undergoing treatment at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) for the disease and doctors at AIIMS reportedly visit Jaitley's residence to treat him. take care of you.
When contacted by the KSU, the employee of the sub centre, said that not only water, but also the basic necessities are not available inside the sub centre.
Nongpoh, 02 Naitung: Members of the RBYF have been arrested by the Ri-Bhoi District Police on charges of illegally locking up the MUDA office in Byrnihat, Ri-Bhoi. The RBYF has demanded that these members should be released without any conditions.
To revive the party is a task that we have to work on now and I think starting with the four MLAs is a good start,” he added.
Compared to us here (Meghalaya & India) we are still among them.
Other prominent names are Dr. Aman War (North Shillong), HDR Lyngdoh (Sohiong), Remington Pyngrope (Mawkynrew), Anthony Kongwang (Pynursla) and Moonlight Pariat (Jowai).
In the past, the organization has donated to the family of Kong Champa Tariang, who has suffered a lot in her family as she said that her husband cannot do anything else. and he could not speak, because he was sick three or four years.
After this, the KSU held a meeting where the President of the KSU East Jaintia Hills, Samla Streamly Suchen, Bah Damewanhi Rymbai, Organizing Secretary of the VPP East Jaintia Hills, the leaders of the AJYO, AJYO, FKJGP East Jaintia, JSU, HNYM, and also one of the lawyers.
Our Prime Minister does not want that a single youth loses his life in insurgency and violence," he said.
Shamim, who is the largest contractor in Bangladesh, said he currently has works worth Tk 3,000 crore that he still has to complete.
" Jesus was betrayed by one of his disciples, Judas Iscariot.
Speaking to media, the IG said, “The HNLC is always alive, but if any of its members are quick to leave, others can follow. only".
SHILLONG: Tanvi Raksam Marak, 20, has won the Miss Meghalaya 2019 award organized by the Meghalaya Tourism Youth Development Society (MTYDS).
Seven coal miners from West Garo Hills, four from Assam and three from Lumthari have been drowned on the 13th of this month. Through the mistake of another coal mine in the Briwar area.
The Waheh Shnong DS War urged the residents and visitors to obey the guidelines of the Dorbar Shnong so that they can fight against pollution.
He said that as the High Court has allowed them to settle outside the court, the government has invited the HPC to talk and understand so that they can be relocated peacefully and they too can. mih with the end of the sign.
Out of these 44, 20 are Exporters while 24 are smaller traders who applied for renewal of their License, but due to lack of documents they did not receive it. .
Shillong, June 18: Heavy rainfall and lightning along with strong thunderstorms are expected in parts of Assam and Meghalaya from the 18th. until June 22, 2016.
This is the way of the world and the state of modern society".
Bah Sammer has been involved in journalism since 1994 and will continue to do so until the moment of his death.
When they reach that point, they will have to stop their fighting because they don't have the weapons to attack Ukraine.
Shillong, Naiwieng 25: The Indian Oil Corporation Limited (IOCL) through the office of the Chief General Manager (CGM) of Indian Oil (IOCL) has held a meeting with the distributors of LPG cylinders in Khasi and North East. Jaintia Hills District in collaboration with the office of Online Tent Service Centre, Shillong which has agreed to conduct the registration of beneficiaries of this scheme in collaboration with NGOs, various groups various youth organizations and various societies.
Within the Pnar, Bhoi, War and Lyngngam societies, the love of children is very different from that of other societies around the world.
Police after arresting the suspects, confessed to the crime and led the police to seize the knife.
Shillong: The FKJGP Riwar Mihngi Circle, today 24th July 2022, submitted a petition to the CEOs of network operators in Pynursla area, including the General Manager of Jio. , Airtel and the Deputy General Manager of BSNL at their office in Shillong to demand the provision of networks in the Pynursla area.
The Jews and the State of Israel have now agreed to stand alone and this was announced by Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
“Women are indeed the pillars that contribute to the building of the family, and also who have the responsibility to contribute to the development of the villages and also through the cooperation with the village authorities in unity. They will be able to improve their services to the people and also to improve as a group from time to time”, said Bah Jason. which is perfect within the community.
He said that Aspire Meghalaya has made us confident and through this Aspire Meghalaya will help many to become confident without any doubt.
When asked about the protest against the introduction of T.500 and T.1000 notes, Bah Lapang said, “I don't want to criticize anything on that”.
In 2017 we are fifth from the bottom but in 2021 we are sixth.
One of the victims is a supporter of the UDP, while the other two are supporters of the BJP, the source said.
He said that one of the problems faced by the government is the difficulty of obtaining land for the construction of any work.
The SF-10 police rushed to the scene to remove the 5 kilogram bomb.
There are 14 Yoga centers in the state.
Paul said the Congress is supported by Muslims while the BJP is supported by Hindus.
Shillong, Naiwieng 6: The Sohra issue has stirred up controversy among the BJP leaders in the state.
Shillong, Naiwieng 21: U Chief Minister Dr Mukul Sangma on Tuesday said that the Central Government has a bad intention to exclude people from tourism industry by imposing the GST. special for hotel, restaurant owners.
The order said that after receiving the reports of all the high risk contacts, and after cleaning the Meghalaya Rural Bank, Mairang Branch and its surroundings, the containment order has been lifted for the purpose of cleaning. this is the Bank.
On the other hand, the Minister in charge of Sports & Youth Affairs, Bah Banteidor Lyngdoh, also welcomed all the participants and added that in the last three and a half years, the state government has The MTTA wants to promote sports in the state and it is on this basis that the government has taken the responsibility to come forward to provide financial assistance to the MTTA to be able to bring forward the sports industry in the state. this tournament in this state.
Now I hear that my father told my mother that he wanted us to stay.
During the programme, it was explained how to prevent and avoid HIV infection, at the same time, free medical treatment was also conducted for the people of Mawlai area.
Earlier, Dr Mukul had exposed the corruption of the Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government in the purchase of land in Mawpdang worth about T.140 crore.
Speaking to u SP News Agency, HNYF Leader Bah KS Rani said that they did not invite all the members but it was arranged that 10 members from each party should come to avoid traffic jam due to the crowded area.
Regarding Bah Hima's claim that Bah Mawrie tried to prevent him from taking over the MDA government, Justice said, “This statement of Bah Hima shows that he joined the party only for personal political gain and not for the sake of the party's foundation or to serve the people.
Speaking to media, Bah Kyrmen said that although the fishing industry is just a hobby or a recreational activity for the people from the villages, but if it is taken as a recreational activity, it can be tax deducted and brought under the ambit of the Act if the government considers doing so.
Harvard professor Michael J. Sandel wrote in The Atlantic (April 2012 Issue): “There are things that money cannot buy—but these days, they are not many.
The union is surprised that the newspapers have written from time to time and then that the Assembly committee has visited the area, but the state government is still hiding the truth, said the union. .
TMC chief Derek O'Brien said, “The ED team has not worked in non-BJP ruled states.” “The arrest of Sanjay Singh is illegal.
Police said that if these three persons fail to provide the right answers, the police will call the Income Tax authority to investigate against them.
If the budlum is not right, how can we hope for the best? We elect MLAs to be our leaders.
New Delhi: The Congress party has condemned the smuggling of weapons by Taliban militants on the highways of Kabul and the smuggling of AK 47 rifles in Shillong in the past few days.
The dream of self-government, self-government according to the nature of the nation, self-sufficiency, self-sufficiency, improvement of life and environmental protection.
God did not want people to die as in the days of Noah, so he waited patiently but now the time is near according to the signs.
Mukhap is a famous agricultural village for the production of jhur, soh ki pai, food processing items such as achar, dry fruits, candy etc. as well as clothes made by Mukhap Handloom & Handicrafts.
“If the HC has doubted the failure of the state police and has ordered to bring in the central police to conduct the search where the salary also falls from the money of the people of the state, we would like to suggest that “These policemen should be paid salaries by the central government by counting the salaries of the state policemen who cannot perform their duties properly,” he added.
Let us hope for the best and not despair.
The residents of the area are eager to expedite the construction of the gate, as it is part of the development of the area and they expect that the youth of the area will be employed through this project and to bring about the happiness of the region and the nation as a whole.
According to the Chairman, the meeting of the RDA today is a continuation of the last meeting where it was decided that after the appointment of the Chairman, Co-Chairman, Secretary and Assistant Secretary, “Now we have held another meeting and informed the RDA that the HSPDP has included and elected some members. from the UDP, we have appointed six members to be members of the RDA,” said Bah Lyngdoh.
Shillong: Bangladesh Financial Advisor Mashiur Rahman has honored Dolly Khonglah, a member of the Meghalaya International Exporters Chamber (MIECC).
Despite the outbreak of Covid-19, the preparation and performance of various rituals in connection with the Behdieñkhlam festival in the Raij Jowai is ongoing.
Donald Trump has won Indiana in the presidential election, while Democratic candidate Joe Biden has won in Florida and Georgia as counting begins. go ahead.
"I believe that the country will give me a young man when the disease is gone," said Fangfang, who treats patients in Wuhan.
Most Rev. Victor congratulated the Parish which is preparing to celebrate its Golden Jubilee in
When the ideas have been expressed and the ideas have been expressed on the basis of customs, it has often been found that even a small group has been produced to express its ideas on the basis of different customs.
The winners of the High Jump for Girls Under 14 were Nisha Syiemiong (1.5 length), Afilisha Jyrwa (1.3 length) from Jakrem Presbyterian HSS and Na-i-sha Kharlyngdoh from Nativity Higher SSM. Rosesable Ramsiej from Maharam Government HSSM (length 1.2).
In 1880, Babu Sib Charan Roy passed the Entrance Examination which later became Matriculation.
The third part is perhaps the most beautiful and encouraging part to see that a young child leaves home with a heavy heart to find out the root cause of the mother's death. she shall live in sorrow, and in sorrow from the womb until she is old.
Hame scored 21 points and Hassan 12 points.
Bety Jyrwa President Women's Wing of the HNYF said that even young children are afraid when there is gunfire. The army was disturbed by the sound of gunfire but there was also a disturbance in the movement of the people near their camp.
People have lost confidence in the MDA, because the NPP has refused to talk and has not allowed to talk about corruption in GHADC. the spread of smuggling of coal and others.
Borjhar airport is also called Guwahati airport because Guwahati is known as the capital of Assam and Shillong is known as the capital of Meghalaya. I don't understand the invitation of the people, because according to the documents I don't see that they have given Umroi airport or how to move the airport to Shillong and remove it to Umroi.
It's what you say.
You have the power and the majority, so why did you delay.
The dedication of the Pallium will be held at the Holy Mass at the Parish Cathedral of Mary Help of Christians Laitumkhrah on the 15th of this month, 2021 at 10:30 pm.
There is no peace and order at the University of Jamia Millia Islamia, following the protest against the Citizenship Act and the bombing by the Delhi police of the students. at the University.
Shillong: The Covid-19 Committee of 9 Mile Baridua Village, Ribhoi District today visited one of the road paint factories of the CRRI BITCHEM Knowledge Center at Baridua Village. The employees including the Manager, employees and security guards of the factory are from Assam.
“We have a Border Hat here, we want them to see how this Border Hat works here because today is the market day at this Hat,” said the BSF chief. 3 Mini Buses, 2 for the public, one for the journalists and 10 buses were taken along the signboard.
Regarding the claim by the Prime Minister that the police have arrested a member of the FKJGP, who was involved in the incident, Bah Eldie said that the party does not know who he is. A member of the party has been arrested and the party is still looking for information.
Many of the Bills introduced by the Central Government are pending in the two Houses of Parliament, the Rajya Sabha and the Lok Sabha and some of them have not yet been passed. The Budget Session of Parliament has resumed.
NPP MDC from Rambrai Bajop Pyngrope has moved a no confidence motion against the Executive Committee led by the UDP under the chairmanship of Bah Titosstarwell. Chyne, which has led to the dissolution of the EC of Bah Titos.
to sanctify the most holy.
Meghalaya lost all wickets for the loss of 97 runs in 36.4 overs. Janicka R Marak contributed 46 runs from 78 balls.
The main reason for this decline in food production is the climate change, that is, the duration of extreme drought and flooding due to heavy rainfall.
In a statement, the Society clarified that only two children have complained and not all the children who have been sent to Bangalore for training.
This is the 25th time that Lum Sohpetbneng has been climbed.
Paul's preaching was in the Holy Spirit, but there were Jews who pretended to cast out demons in the name of Jesus, but the demons said to them – “Jesus we know, and Paul we know; what are you? So the devil fought against those Jews who had been cast out by demons.
We have to look carefully at the ways and means and create other protections to avoid these disasters in the coming decades.
For this purpose, the Club has scheduled to hold a Penalty Shoot Out for the residents of Nonthymmai at Nongthymmai Square where the first prize will be T.5000/-, the second T.3000/- and the third T.1 /-.
Kush Agarwal scored 106 runs from 71 balls and Prashan added 31 runs from 25 balls for Langsning while Proklin Phanjom and Aiborlang scored 1 run each from 4 overs. 19 and 27 years old.
The drivers and passengers of the truck.
The clubs that have qualified for the Meghalaya State League have also received T.1 lakh, while those who have qualified for the semi-finals have received T.1 lakh.
However, it was in the second half that Markatjuh Shylla scored the third goal in the 47th minute.
Members of AHAM said that besides the lack of teachers, the school is also facing problems in terms of facilities.
Suddenly, they tied the door and shouted, “Rida, Rida...” Rida was surprised like a bsein when she heard the voice of Niakha.
The Meghalaya High Court has decided to dismiss the teachers against the wishes of these MDA leaders and to allow them to participate freely in politics as before. Their own interest should be appreciated and appreciated.
The villages have Village Courts, Village Councils, Vigilance Committees, Village Defense Parties, and other committees run by the Dorbar Shnongs to ensure the smooth running of the village administration.
It has been one of the organizations that has strongly opposed the railway project since 1988 and has been standing firm until the government passes laws to prevent the illegal entry of foreigners.
“I have a Dkhar father but I am a Khasi, my wife is a Dkhar and my children are Kharsyntiew,” he replied.
After receiving the complaint, the party leaders including PS Phawa Secretary AJSU, Ram Biam President AJHSWO and members along with Mr. Suting and one of the children went to meet Dr. M Lamare today at CHC Ummulong.
This research makes us come forward and be brave to help women to be free from these problems. GNOVEDA is a place that can provide information to more than 4 lakh women to be concerned about their health and to be brave enough to trust themselves and especially to achieve their goals.
Why should the ADCs have to spend money to pay salaries to the MDCs to increase the number of people and waste public money?
Nongpoh, Nailur 14: In collaboration with the University of Science and Technology, Meghalaya together with a team from IIT, Guwahati including three students from Japan have selected Chota Killing Village for the implementation of the Rural Technology to improve the agriculture of the village and other areas to improve the human resources of the people in the village.
However, they should not forget that the people have their own power to show at the right time and that they should stop implementing these plans as mentioned above.
The house should also be clean and well ventilated, as if the rice is kept in the dark for a long time, it can sprout.
In a letter handed over to Bah Paul Lyngdoh, HYC President Bah Roy Kupar Synrem said, “Therefore, we urge the Government of Meghalaya to take all necessary measures to ensure that the offices of the Government Institutions/Undertakings, and others in the State of Meghalaya to comply with and implement the Office Memorandums and other directives issued by the Government of India through the Ministry of Personnel, Public Grievances and Pensions. Department of Personnel and Training New Delhi, so that the youth of the country can take advantage of this benefit.
On this occasion, it was seen that many boys and girls from different villages in Ri Bhoi, took part in the competition and who were able to showcase their talents. don't play Wushu.
Act – Aiñpura is a pending Act passed among the members of the Legislative Assembly elected by the people of the State to take part in accordance with the powers empowered in the Legislative Assembly before the enactment of the Legislative Assembly through the State Legislature. and signed in accordance with the powers of the Governor of the State for the purpose of promoting in the community.
He said that in its 100 years of journey, the club has encountered many challenges and challenges as well.
Some people try to convert the waste into fertilizer using a special method called vermin compost and others use the natural composting method to bury the waste. turn it into fertilizer.
He will be the first Governor to visit this market which is the largest trading center in the state under the jurisdiction and management of the Hima Mylliem.
In a letter of resignation sent to the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, Pawan Sharma said that the reason for his resignation was because of the anti-CAB rally held on the 30th of this month. which demanded his resignation, even though it was a meeting that had nothing to do with the appointment of him.
He also demanded that the State Government should provide government job to one member from each family of these four persons, free health care not only through MHIS and free education.
The couple have three children and Kevin has starred in Dances With Wolves, The Bodyguard and Bull Durham.
He said that after visiting this place, it was seen that this place has the right to receive recognition from the state government in terms of promoting tourism in the district and in collaboration with and the Tourism Department will conduct a survey to achieve the goal of the Raid Nongpoh leaders.
I really liked the story.
This was announced in a statement by the General Secretary.
The Bomb Squad and the CSU are investigating the cause of the explosion," he said.
After seeing the street vendors, the police rushed to the scene and ordered everyone to pack their belongings and close the shops immediately.
Prestone said that it is through the use of smart meters that MeECEL's services will be more efficient and convenient for the consumers.
You can overthrow my government or you can imprison me, but I will not implement this law.
In the book 'Uei u Lyngngam' which I have written, which has ISBN-978-81-933870-3-0, in chapter-2 'The Journey of the Lyngngam', part-2 'Way of Living', I wrote that before the year 1800 the Lyngngam had never seen money.
Goyal said he would submit the report to the court within two days as the hearing will be held on 30th June.
Darrang District has decided to close all tourist attractions on the 9th of this month as part of its protest against the public hearing of the MSPCB against MeECL for the construction of the Umngot Hydro Electric Project. in Mosaic.
According to Schlesinger (1972), if a person suffers, it is because of his own sin.
However, it was not only Jesus' followers who were persecuted, many other inhabitants of the village were affected by this disaster and thus cried and cried.
The allegation was against Davin Van but the man denied the allegation at the time.
In the second leg, Evergreen Nongjri Sports Club beat Upper Shillong Football Team 3-1 with the goals scored by Manroylang Dkhar, Nicos Laloo and Ricky Nongtnger.
Two youths from Jowai village including D Gatphoh and D Rymbai went to Syntu Ksiar part of Wah Myntdu on Sunday to clean up the garbage colored by the rain in the recent floods. day.
The Bank also loaned more than T.500 crore to 12 others and a total of T.9,037 crore.
Amit Shah was reminded of the desire of the political parties to meet him when he came to Shillong, but they did not meet him at all due to lack of time.
The students from IGNOU said that the government should create the mechanisms to ensure adequate protection for the indigenous people of the state.
The request to these village headmen is to encourage their residents not to throw garbage in the rivers but to throw it in garbage trucks.
Ampareen said that whatever is decided today will be sent to the government and hopes that all political parties will agree.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) on Tuesday asked the Prime Minister to Kejriwal has demanded that AAP MP Sanjay Singh be investigated by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) for involvement in the suspension. on the ground in Delhi.
He said that through this trade fair, it is understood that the export of goods to Bangladesh is not only for stone and coal, but also for agricultural products. you have a license.
The standardization helps align India’s training activities with global training activities.
This song teaches and encourages us to be willing to go to hell in order to get to heaven.
These are the only ways for companies to earn money just to get connection, recharge and so on...EM 5GEm and 5g.
NEHUSU also admitted that the members of the union were forced to admit that they threw stones at the campus authorities at 6:pm in the evening. The Proctor of NEHU Tura campus has warned them that if they do not leave the Guest House in the evening, they will be attacked by the robbers.
Dignitaries who attended the ceremony included the Symbud Myntri Rangbah, Prestone Tynsong, North Shillong MLA Adelberth Nongrum, Sohiong MLA. Samlin Malngiang and other dignitaries.
The law shall not discriminate against the rights of children.
On the other hand, Prestone said it is up to the party president, Conrad K Sangma to announce the MP candidate as the party has already sent it to him to take the final decision.
Therefore, if we win, it is the hard work of the people and the victory is for the people.
On the other hand, Trasswell Sohtun was awarded the title of Mawpynthih A.
The meeting was conducted by the General Secretary of KJNU, Bishar Samiang and short speeches were delivered by the President of KJNU, Niman N Shadap. Jowai Region, one of the taxi owners, Rangbah Poila Lyngkot, said that the National Emblem of the country has been misused on the stickers of taxis. MPUF President D.wanmi Laloo said that the stickers of local taxis should be changed. He also urged the DTO to perform its duties as an office and if it does not, the two organizations will not. I don't want to take anyone else's decision.
He said that these foreign workers will be appointed by the government for a short period of time, while they have not yet received people from the state who have been able to work in these jobs. our people are not yet able to work.
Shillong: The BSNL has suspended the order to hold a working day on Good Friday on the 30th of this month after the state government summoned the management of the company to appear before the central government.
(5) Slem to FSL report.
At the same time, those distributors of ration have been warned to sell at the price set by the government and if found guilty, they will fall under Section 7 of the Essential Commodities Act. Act, 1995 and also in section 3 of the Prevention of Black Marketing and Maintenance of Supplies of Essential Commodities Act,
Teachers need to take care of these to explain to the children in advance how much they need to read and write and if you want the children to understand well, run a Dali online campaign and give them some assignments to do themselves.
Speaking on the CID's request to arrest CMJ University Chancellor CM Jha, Mooshahary said, “He should have been arrested, I feel”.
According to a woman, while she was looking for her daughter's juti in Abdul's shop, Abdul Karim tried to approach her by pretending to show her the juti. and then he spoke with insulting and rude words to the woman.
We are living in an age where human life and soul have no value.
However, he said that besides this, jobs have been created in the districts but there is no count of how many jobs there are.
Ezekiel 38:19.
Jowai, Nailur 19 : The Badminton players of the West Jaintia District Badminton Association (WJDBA) Jowai will lead the district tomorrow 20th of this month to take part in the Badminton Tournament at Tura which will start from 21st of this month. 9-2022 to 24-9-2
Can I exchange T 2000 through Business Correspondent (BC)? Yes, I can exchange T 2000 through BC up to a limit of T 4000/- per day for an account holder.
After this, a welcome speech was delivered by Samla Hubert Paliar who explained by hand and explained by his wife to those who heard.
There have been 64,553 new cases of coronavirus in India in the past 24 hours, bringing the total number of cases to 24.6 lakh.
For now, let's stop accusing the government because in just a few months, many people have already elected the government they want.
“The CEM said that the High Court's removal of the powers of Rangbah Shnong is against the customs and traditions and beliefs of the Khasi people but we feel that the High Court has done the right thing because many “The Rangbah Shnongs who misuse their power by evicting people, canceling government schemes just because they don't support those who order them and many things they do just because of their feelings and bias,” said Bah Tony Marbaniang. The President of the HNPM, while speaking to reporters today.
It has been witnessed that Meghalaya has increased rapidly in the population in the last few years.
Shillong: From tomorrow, 9th July 2021, 30 percent of vehicles will be allowed to travel in Shillong and in the suburbs, according to an order issued by the Deputy Commissioner, East Khasi Hills District. .
The purpose of this visit to these areas is to bring about a sense of ownership and ownership among the women in relation to water resources.
“These two parties have lost their minds because they have no choice but to discriminate against religion, which we all know is wrong, they should contest the election on the issue of development rather than the cause of religious differences".
"The festival will offer many other activities, from dress up competitions like tyngshops and puron and girl walking competitions to participation in singing, drawings, competitions karaoke, giant wheel or ferris wheel and more.
In this twentieth century there have been many changes in the teachings and religious teachings of the Christian churches which have become known to respect the origins of the Khasi culture in all aspects.
The residents of Nongstoiñ, today 4th June, found the body of an elderly man from a well under construction near the DTO Nongstoiñ office.
This has helped to enlighten the indigenous people in many ways.
However, Deputy CEM Teinwell Dkhar, who was also in charge of Arts and Culture in the old EC, said that there was nothing in the report of the inquiry and everything was in order. Ex.CE PWD Building who investigated the matter.
“On this issue, the Committee will have to meet again, and after whatever decision is taken, the Committee will submit it to the Government and the Government cannot set up any Committee like this because it has Therefore, we have to take everything back to the government to share with everyone because this will be a decision that will be remembered that we have never reached the goal. ", said the Chairman of the Committee.
According to the book, Jesus was a Vishwakarma Brahmin who died in Kashmir and was healed with herbal medicines from the Mangkashang Mountains.
The second goal was scored by Rio Myrboh (65) in the second half.
However, Rangdajied's lead didn't last long as Ebanskhem Nongtdu equalized in the 31st minute to make it 1-1 until the end of the first half.
He was recognized as the best defender.
“There are some personal matters of my own which I cannot avoid,” said HDR on his inability to attend the Dorbar Bah at Polo Ground.
Jowai: The Sein Raij Mynso today concluded the two-day 'Beh Kymphui' festival which is held every year in April and April.
Later, it became a custom that wherever there was a Christian church, there was also a school.
She said that education is very important and for this reason we need the cooperation of parents, teachers and children and if there is cooperation we will be able to provide education. which is best for children to reach their goals in life.
Participants in the training include Arkaydius Jyndiang from Nongstoin, Bitharstone Marak (North Garo Hills), Ellench Graceful Sanglyne (Nongstoin), Deimonlang Suchen (Lumsohiong New Hill Jowai), Eborlangki Toi (Jaintia Hills), Evleen Sheba Nengnong (Mawlai Nonglum, Shillong), John Earnest Sawian (Pynthoumkhrah, Shillong), Robert Keystone (Mawkyrwat) and S Ezekiel Kharnaidu of Mawprem, Shillong.
Narayanasamy alleged that the Union Ministers have visited the North Eastern states more and more and promised many things but have not done anything.
Dkhar said that the petition also expressed its concern about the violations of the law by the dewbilat factories especially in relation to the mining and environmental protection, as until now there has been no restoration. ) to the areas affected by the mining and quarrying of coal because the State Government has not been able to control the companies and to operate in accordance with the rules of law.
I tell you, the NPP-led MDA Government will continue to hold power for three terms,” he said.
Ma Pala said that the MDA Government has failed in all aspects in maintaining peace and order, in terms of the problems within the electricity department and in all aspects. “They should have worked well for the people when the people allowed them, but now they are busy only to loot from the people and the government will not be able to serve the people properly,” he said.
“KJDSTA feels that it is an injustice of the government to the teachers and it is a torture to send them to take the examination again after they have been in the job for decades just to fulfill their wishes. “It is to comply with the rules of the NCTE,” said Bah Nongsiang.
So when I get an idea or a spirit, I put it in the appropriate book.
Mawkyrwat, November, 23: The soldiers of the Assam Regimental Center on the 16th of November, 2022 in the spirit of condolences to the family members from the parents, brothers and sisters of the two 2013-05-20 10:00:00 AM The 2013 National Defense Force (DDF) has laid wreaths at the memorials at Nongbah, Mawshilong, South West. Khasi Hills District.
Phuyosa Yobin, lawyer for GK Iangrai, said the Supreme Court has also sent a letter to grant bail to the officer.
The Minister of Fisheries, Bah AL Hek, has visited the Fish Dale Farm in Shillong which is also the site for the construction of the Aquatic Knowledge. and Incubation Center to become a fish research centre.
This is a record for the party which has come to power in the state especially in the KHADC which has never had an MDC.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Wanphai Dkhar, one of the youths responsible for the welfare of the area, said, “On our part, we the youths of the area will go to talk and find out. The Minister of Sports and the Directorate of Sports have asked for clarification on this.
However, since the demolition of these railway stations, and the construction and renovation of the footpath, the footpath has not only become safer, but has also become more beautiful especially when you come down to walk to see the the beauty of the sky.
The singers and tyngshop of the Khasi song include Daopaya Davis Dean Pasi and Fenisha Rynjah.
Shillong, Jymmang 7: Before addressing a public meeting on the MU DA issue at Laitkor, the CEM of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) has asked the chairman to punish him if he speaks outside the meeting. “I would like to ask the chairman if I don't speak outside the line, please don't hear me a little bit but I don't want to hear because I have lost my snieh doh because of the lyn-thaw. “It's a good idea to have a clean slate,” said Bah Pynshngaiñ.
Meanwhile, the government has completed the felling of trees up to Umshyrpi.
Shillong: The Meghalaya Government Lower Primary School Teachers Association (MSTA) has summoned three contract teachers to appear before Sadar Police Station.
There was a plan to nominate only one candidate from the INDIA Bloc to ensure that we work together as one group but this has not happened,” he said.
The Director of MACWA, Dr JN Shulai explained on how to provide care to the elderly and the elderly because at this time, there has been a change since the state of the body, the state of the mind, as in the thought of the world.
“I invite everyone to come and witness the Japanese culture which will be here for three days.
Two killers of Charlie Hebdo employees are now wanted by police in eastern France, the report said.
Nongkrem MDC HS Shylla said that the T.4000 tyngka scheme for the people has not benefited at all but it is only the government's desire to show that it has implemented it.
The carnival fest was held as part of the donation campaign for Umsning Town Durbar Secondary School.
Previously, smart meters were allocated to 1.8 lakh households in Meghalaya through ADB funding, and now through the RDSS, smart meters will be installed to 4.6 lakh households.
Hamletson Dohling said that the market in Laitumkhrah will be demolished before being rebuilt.
To this day, this Queen of Mawryngkhang is still behind her.
The deceased was from West Khasi Hills District.
In another match, Moodymmai beat Mookynphad Mihmyntdu 1-0 through Same Syngkon in the 61st minute.
He said that the school calendar should be consistent with the start of schools and the end of the school year as stipulated in the RTE Act.
However, he said that the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) does not have the assistance of the police.
This is not a sympathy for the poor but one of the reasons is the lack of funds of the authorities in charge of the smooth running of the market.
“This shows the stubbornness of this powerful government which will lead to a bad outcome,” he said.
Music, dance, dance and joy are part of the religion, customs and traditions of the nation.
Speaking to media, he said that Amit Shah's actions have upset many leaders in the state, as he does not have time to talk, but has sent them to Delhi. .
One of these constituencies is in Pynthor where the Congress ticket was refused to be given to people who have worked with the party for a long time while it was given to the brother of the Minister of Health and Family Welfare. Rocky Hek, the son of AL Hek.
He said that the party in a small capacity will cooperate with this school.
Bah Jambor War EM in charge of Markets, in his speech said that this action of KHADC and Hima Mylliem is not new but it is in accordance with the rules of law.
However, the Committee said it is difficult to support the PCF candidate as it is not a political party.
Regarding the present Mawthawpdah Upper Presbyterian School, Mawthawpdah, Bah Sparlindro Lyngdoh Marshillong said that since its establishment in 1960, it has been renamed Medium English School, Mawthawpdah. After 2000, it was changed to Mawthawpdah Presbyterian (Deficit) Upper Primary School, Mawthawpdah.
Therefore, in order to prevent such incidents from happening again, the union demands that the government should take strong action against the contractor who is constructing the bridge. He added that the government should conduct an inquiry into the collapse of the bridge and take strict action against the engineers in charge of the construction of the bridge.
The development of indigenous farming methods, organic farming, other fertilizers such as nano fertilizers and organic fertilizers will help in the restoration of the environment.
Others said that the lack of workers who build the dams in the wells has caused the water to escape.
The mother of the child appeared on the 15th of July 2013 after she was arrested for seeking RTI. She has not received any peace in the village. The rules of law prohibit the village authorities from doing so before the law.
Salman Khan has thanked the film lovers for their support in making his film the highest grossing film on the first day of its release.
“After receiving the applications, we will consider them and give a decision,” said the Election Committee member who is also the MLA of Jowai.
The total number of cases has risen to 4,174,437, the death toll to 1,067 and the death toll to 146,3
He said that the creation of this monolith is not only to promote it but also to provide education especially to the children in relation to the culture and beliefs of the nation.
The meeting was concluded with a welcome speech by Mr. R.Dkhar, Asst.Prof., Department of Political Science.
The driver of the scooty, Sherbor Sakra of Pynthor village in Ri Bhoi district, sustained serious injuries. who was known as Banshankhem Rympei.
HSS beat Rev JJM Nichols Roy 6-0 while Sacred Heart HSS beat United Christian SS 2-0
In this regard, the President of the Seng, said that it is an unjust act, which brings shame on the country and the nation.
There is also an allegation that he has recorded the voices of many churches of the party members from these constituencies and there has also been an allegation that some party members have slandered him. They have been influenced by the powers of money by some wealthy people who want to win over other people of other parties.
Jowai, November 28: (L) Nikhasi Dhar, one of the four persons who was shot dead by the Assam Police on 22.11.2022 at Mukroh village in West Jaintia Hills District.
When asked why he did not join the National People's Party (NPP), RG Lyngdoh said it was because the NPP had led the state in the wrong direction and he did not want to join the BJP. , is because he does not agree with the policies of the party.
Chamitreman Lamare scored 44 runs while Moodymmai bowlers UN Teimiki Passah and Bishar Lamare took two wickets each in four overs.
In 2018, the turnout was 90.46 percent.
The meeting was conducted by T.Bn Aiban Syiemlieh, President of the Youth Center.
As Moderator he was very skilled and able to conduct all the affairs of the Presbytery.
Mary Concept Dkhar, and others.
Not only that, the letter promised that the party will not take responsibility if anything happens to those who do not pay this demand which will be done by its troops.
The High Court in its recent hearing has ordered that the state government should pass a law on Rangbah Shnongs and subject them to the Public Information Act.
The Greater Shillong Crematorium and Mortuary Society, which operates the crematorium, said that the state government should first obtain permission from the village authorities or the headman/village council. for the burial of the deceased and then the funeral, will be after 8 pm.
If Bah Francis has authority over me, he should give me a written notice so that I can do what is necessary.
He said that this month it has disappeared again since 15/09/2019 and until now it has not happened.
The 20 MLAs are Parliamentary Secretaries in the Arvind Kejriwal government in Delhi.
“We have seen clearly that in many parts of the city and suburbs there are military bases like Assam Riffles, Air Forces, BSF, CRPF, Gorkha TC and others. The presence of troops nearby doesn't bring any benefits but it causes the loss of land and the damage to farmland. If we think of sports grounds, hospitals and schools, the benefits are mostly great. it goes to the children of soldiers and the children of the rich," he added.
Two goals were scored by Thank You Mukhim in the 29th and 42nd minutes and Saibok Tariang in the 6th minute.
Nongpoh, Jymmang 29: The BJP has nominated Dr. Evarist Myrsing for the 2023 election from Mawhati Constituency in Ri Bhoi District.
The selfie points are for various schemes and initiatives of the Government at 12 places, including the National War Memorial, India Gate, Vijay Chowk, New Delhi Railway Station, Pragati Maidan, Raj. Ghat, Jama Masjid Metro Station, Rajiv Chowk Metro Station, Delhi Gate Metro Station, ITO Metro Gate, Naubat Khana and Sheesh Ganj Gurudwara.
However, when inquired through the Public Information Act, it was found that the reason for the lack of core banking facilities of the banks is only to get the huge amount of money from the banks. student.
The distribution was attended by the President of the Jowai Village Council, Alan Niangti, Pyrkhat Shylla, Vice President of the Jowai Village Council and other executive members.
Only one word that Jesus spoke to the scribes and Pharisees, the accusers who had condemned the adulterous woman, saved her from being stoned to death.
Speaking on the occasion, Dr. Gatphoh urged the students to make the most of their talents besides their studies.
However, those who suffer from these diseases understand what happens to them.
Israel as it is now, is fully equipped especially in modern weapons and can surpass others because God has spoken and given it the means to fight the battle of these. the last time.
According to the RTI report, Disprasing has received through the MTDC that the implementation of the Swadesh Darshan Scheme by the MTDC has totaled 22 schemes and these include Traditional Healing. Centre, Information Center cum Sales Emporium, Power back-up hut, counseling center with multipurpose hall, cafeteria,  rain shelter, viewing gallery,  sound & light show view gallery, internal pathways, parking area,  storm water drainage sysyetm, plantation  of biological fencing , public toilets,  boundary wall, directional sinages, campus illumination with solar energy,  last mile connectivity,  trekking route,  retaining wall, land scaping, , sloid waste management bad mountain biking.
UDP Secretary Jemino Mawthoh and Bindo M Lanong Adviser were also arrested while UDP President and Speaker of the House Metbah Lyngdoh was also arrested.
As they ate, Hep truly appreciated the taste of the food.
In the second match, Young Langsning beat Power Grid, who were sent off for the first time after losing the toss.
Six hundred years ago, when people traveled on foot around the Khasi Hills, there was no such story of many Nongshohnoh as there is today, but in this age, the house of Nongshohnoh has been filled with people.
At the same time, the union demands that the MeCEL department should come and repair all the machine lights which have been damaged and to supply electricity to these villages. take other measures on this subject.
The BJYM has confirmed that the BJP ticket from North Shillong has confirmed that he will get the BJP ticket. In North Shillong, MH Kharkrang, Martamlin Pyrbot and Michael Kharsyntiew have resigned from the BJP while two others have resigned from the BJP including JA Lyngdoh and JA Lyngdoh. Rocky Hek for not being sure about the ticket from this party.
They left for Mizoram on Tuesday and were at the dorbar hall at Lungkawlh.
Shillong, Lber 26 : Mylliem Grass Root FC and Umphyrnai SC have won the Under-19 Football League 2023 sponsored by the Shillong Sports Association (SSA) on Saturday. was held Saturday at the Polo Grounds.
However, this is only the beginning and the credit will go first to their parents and then to the teachers who have trained them.
Regarding the receipt of the medal from the Governor or President, he said that according to the information provided, it was issued by the Ministry of Home Affairs.
This is not only a place of rest during this festival, but until now the residents, the youth, still enjoy coming to sit in this place especially during the time of harvesting of rice in the fields since From July to April, when the rice turns golden, it is also a place to eat the various fruits harvested from the Law Ïing-blei.
Another law, which can be implemented, is the Uniform Civil Code, which will apply to all, regardless of religion, customs, lifestyle. people and then racial differences or sexual orientation differences as well.
Since these years, he said, he has been with Maieid until the last minute when he died at NEIGRHIMS Hospital.
Earlier, these youths said that if they have adequate health facilities, it will be a great blessing to the residents of the area especially those who live in the remote villages to get adequate health care without I don't need to go to Shillong when I'm sick.
The workshop will be attended by women entrepreneurs including SHGs, clusters and groups, Government leaders and private sector leaders.
Ardent Basaïawmoit, Vincent Pala, Metbah Lyngdoh, Prestone Tynsong and HM. Share.
“This use of the drone is the beginning of a change in the health sector,” said the Minister of Health and Family Welfare.
He said that since Doctor C. Sangma has been transferred from the CHC, the patients are no longer interested in going for treatment at the CHC. residents of the area, in which they said that if the government does not provide doctors and other necessities such as a public health centre, the loss will be to the residents, because from the way of checking the patients The spirit is not enough, and the way of medicine is not enough.
Hundreds and thousands of crores of rupees have been spent on the salaries of government employees and in many cases, government jobs have nothing to do with them.
Speaking on the occasion, Bah Hek said that the first MHIS, which was launched in 2012, has provided assistance to 766 patients in the state at a cost of T.30 lakh.
With this victory, Laban Bengali Boy's will prepare to face All Saint's on Saturday at the Polo Ground.
Nothing is known about Hynniewtrep-Hynniewskum and how do we get information about this? Who does the research ? To prove that God placed the Khasi half in Heaven and half on Earth ? Hana, go up and sit down to eat / bamja, go down and sit down to eat – bamja.
This law will come into force from the 25th of this month until further notice.
I also mentioned that the Sangh Parivar is now in a hurry to make India a Hindu State and we have heard recently that Bhagwat has threatened to change the name of India to 'Bharat' '.
“We are just helping the government to plan government departments in various areas,” said Salseng.
Shillong, Jymmang 24: The Chief Executive Member of Khasi Hills Autonomous District Council (KHADC) Bah Pynshngain N Syiem has praised the BJP-led NDA government for allocating funds to the three Autonomous District Councils in the state.
Children and the public also received training on how to remove plastic from other garbage and dispose of it.
It is a very difficult thing to think about,” said Bah Kynta.
Shillong: To mark the 75th Anniversary of the Nongthymmai Sports and Cultural Club, Nongthymmai, Shillong, on Tuesday launched the Carrom Board Championship at the Indoor Hall, Nongthymmai.
Daniel 9:24; 7:11-14.
The NEHU authorities said that the incident was immediately resolved and clarified that it had nothing to do with racial discrimination, as reported in the news.
The money was seized by the Customs.
The Central Government appointed Kovind on Thursday, 10 days after announcing that there will be a Special Session from the 18th to the 22nd of this month.
The CEM said that the World Bank officials will also visit the Umkhen River in Basuk, Umpling, Pynthorumkhrah, RRC in Mawlai Mawroh and Marten landfill in Mawlai on Tuesday.
The SBYWA, KSU and Hingaria Village have requested the Council to take the necessary action to protect or preserve the fisheries according to the Council's UKJHD Fisheries Act request the JHADC to send or appoint guards to monitor these rivers, to impose heavy fines if anyone violates the law, along with a buskit to anyone who finds those who kill them. They also urged the JHADC to send a letter to all the Dorbar Shnongs in the border areas so that the people can know the rules of the Council. according to the UKJHD Fisheries Act 1954.
KSU Sahsniang Unit Officers: Yoolang Lathong President, Darington Kamar Vice President, Hababiang Syngkon Vice President, Shanlang Hadem Assistant General Secretary, Mardaplang Kamar Finance Secretary, Iaid Shaphrang Rabon Education Secretary, Lamphrang Tang Organizing Secretary Riman Public Secretary Christopher Biam Cultural Secretary, Wansanmi Rabon Sport Secretary, and 14 members.
At the same time, the government needs to monitor exactly whether all the assistance has reached the farmers.
Another prophet of God, Micah 3:4, says, “Then they shall cry unto the LORD, but he will not answer them, but he will hide his face from them in that time, done evil in their deeds".
Meghalaya has an area of ​​22,720 sq.km. It is divided into 11 districts. South, West and South West Garo Hills District.
The meeting was conducted by Bah PS Dkhar, Deputy Commissioner of West Jaintia Hills District.
It was clarified that this is not the true news.
Speaking to reporters in Delhi today, they said that the most popular products are sying and shynrai, which are used by people from all over the world. they knew and bought it.
Chanmiki Chyrmang scored in the 22nd minute and Dapmain Phawa in the 45th and 56th minutes.
She said that for the first time she feels happy about giving birth because she knows that she is in safe hands for herself and also for the child she will give birth to.
The foundation of agriculture, economic growth and income generation should be respect for workers and fellow human beings.
After the complaint of the villagers, the arseng inspected the road from the beginning to the end and found that the road is very bad and it causes problems to the passengers of the villagers. Because of the road is the source of income especially in case of illness, the people of the village have been facing from time to time about the deterioration of this road.
On my part, I would like to conclude with a song that will be a warning to the youth:-1) Your beautiful appearance Tongsoh, you are thankful, your name actress 2)Why did you come to the morning, Tongsoh, Because you broke the law, Bainong so you got.
After this, Rgh DK Dkhar President Seng Khasi Kmie took part in the lowering of the flag of the Seng Khasi Kmie as a sign of the closing ceremony of the 15th Tournament.
“Now drugs can be obtained easily......they can't even control drugs,” he said, adding that corruption has spread even in the Social Welfare Department where the investigation report has been conducted. on the corruption of the wheat has not come to light yet.
“In Sohiong, we have seen that Maheh HDR used to contest from the HSPDP, then from the Congress and now if he contests from the UDP, it is the same.
Nongpoh, November 30: In order to encourage the students to continue their higher education and to set an example for other students to succeed in their studies, the Seng Samla Shnong Umran Dairy has organized a On Friday, the village council honored 12 students of the village who have passed well in the SSLC and HSSLC examinations for the year
Besides, Dr. Syngkon said that when he speaks at meetings, he explains that the people should understand the value of electing a leader without using money.
Bah Vivek said he doesn't want to be just a ryngien, but a person who likes to light fires.
B Blah Additional Deputy Commissioner was the chief guest to distribute the prizes to the winners along with the leaders and members of WJDSA. on Thursday.
He was accompanied by Youth Vice President Gaurav Kalyan, National General Secretary Bertram Devadas, Secretary Youth Empowerment Koshy Alexander Vaidyan and Secretary YMCA Northern Region Bhen Samson.
“If there is truth, the CMD should be commended for his courage to find out and expose this corruption.
He said that the village has informed the higher authorities so that they can take measures to find out the cause of the collapse and the gradual collapse of the area. soil.
“We are grateful to this school which has provided education and has produced many great thinkers.
Shillong: A fire broke out at Khlieh Iewduh near MUDA parking lot in Shillong this afternoon.
in you.
Meanwhile, the Principal Secretary (Home) KS Kropha said that the government will have to think again about the strike and the Personnel Department of the Secretariat. should check this out.
The organizers of the tournament said that due to the heavy rainfall on the match between Mawlai and Nangkiew Irat recently, they have decided to postpone the match on the 18th of this month.
Residential Certificate from the Dorbar Shnong together with verification from the Block Development Officer.
The Council has not yet received a copy of the letter and we have just received information on this,” said the Chief Executive Member (CEM) of KHADC, Bah Pynïaid Sing Syiem.
“This shows that instead of punishing those involved, the MDA government has honored him.
The Government has identified about 1284 shops and 20 mobile units for the convenience of the people who need to buy food items.
Last year, she competed in the 4th Meghalaya Games and won second place, and this year at the 5th Meghalaya Games, she won the gold medal in the XCO event. women open category/Mass start.
Divenson Diengdoh said that they had planned to hold a rally, but the district administration of East Khasi Hills District did not allow the youth to hold a rally.
East Garo Hills has 339 cases and one death, East Jaintia Hills has 542 cases and no deaths, East Khasi Hills has 8,481 cases and 118 cases. North Garo Hills has 120 cases and 2 deaths.
However, as of now, our fellow citizens living in Block-I want to return to Meghalaya,” said Bah Suchen.
The meeting was conducted by Rila A.Kharlyngdoh, Block Project Manager, NRLM. .
We have also heard allegations during the election campaign that there is misuse of money in Sohiong constituency.
This destruction has destroyed many farmers who support their families and children, because they can no longer sell at the right price.
Bah Titos also urged the students not to drink cigarettes but when they reach class 10, class 11 or 12 as well as the girls to write letters or lapmiet only in the morning. mobile.
Speaking briefly during the special meeting with the children, Bah Titos said that he had a plan earlier to visit these children in Laitkroh. his desire to meet them face to face.
Shillong, Nailur 17: Up to 32006 persons with disabilities have been recognized by the government till
After receiving detailed information, a team of BSF troops from 4th and 193rd Battalion seized these 96 cows which were smuggled to the border areas of the country with the intention of smuggling. beer in Bangladesh.
The couple had moved into their first house in 2018, but this turned out to be only the beginning. continue to look for houses, from one place to another and so far, they have replaced 18 houses, he said.
Lambokstar Marngar said this while confirming the new units and members of the KSU Khliehriat Circle, including the KSU San Shnong Unit, Ladrymbai Unit and Khliehriat Town Unit at Teilang Phawa Stadium, Dkhiah. on Saturday last month.
Shillong, March 16: U Chief Minister of Meghalaya, Mukul Sangma today inaugurated the 3rd State Aqua-Fest at the State Central Library, Shillong in the presence of the Minister of Urban Affairs, Ampareen Lyngdoh. Parliamentary Secretary to Sengnam Marak.
“I come from a poor family, but the presence of God and the education I have received from Christianity has taught me to love others and to help in need,” said KD Phawa. He urged everyone to follow the government's guidelines to prevent the spread of COVID-1
The police together with the Rangbah Shnong and members of the village have worked together to ensure that there is no conflict but to stay away from each other to avoid the spread of the disease.
Speaking on the occasion, the KSU Sohra Circle leader alleged that it is the ministers and the Hima Sohra who have encouraged foreigners to do business in Mjai because they have taken taxes from the shops. -law meaning illegal tax collectors.
There are also tourist vehicles that have to stop near the DTO Jowai office.
The Opposition parties have alleged that the BJP government is sending investigation teams only to states ruled by other political parties because it wants to arrest the leaders of parties that have nothing to do with the party. However, the BJP has admitted that all this is part of the arrest of those involved in corruption.
She said that the purpose of this is to know the working methods of the Council employees because at present, it is not known the working methods of the employees because there is no proper record but by the implementation This machine will know when they come to work and who doesn't.
Shopkeepers should also keep hand sanitizers in their shops so that customers can use them.
It is those foreign companies that draw the Khasi landscape, explain the geology and environment in Khasi and Jaintia.
The monarchy in Russia under the Tsars had collapsed since
UDP Circle Amlarem President Ma Kolmen Pohshna expressed his gratitude to the MLA of the area for donating T.10,000/- each and a syrnod to the students who have passed well in SSLC, HSSLC and degree levels.
Shillong, Lber 29: Smriti Irani, Smriti Irani, has conducted a short puja at the foundation stone laying ceremony of the Central Hindi Institute of Hindi Campus, Mawdiangdiang.
He was suspended and expelled from the Congress until he was reinstated on 8th November 2021, after the acceptance of Bah Vincent Pala as President of the Meghalaya Pradesh Congress Committee.
“We have decided not to allow her to stay in Block-IV after finding out about her immoral activities and the village has ordered her to stay in other villages,” he said. Mr. Shanghai.
Humbert Pyrrhus 13.
The house was not damaged, except for the fire, when the fire entered the house.
Shillong, November 28: The Christmas celebrations in Meghalaya have ended with a variety of celebrations to commemorate the coming of Jesus Christ into the world especially the Christian community.
Information to you readers, that next Tuesday Rupang will publish articles on agriculture.
As a football player he has contributed greatly to the development of football in the State.
The Army has donated about 15 computers for schools and about 19 blankets to mothers on the border with Bangladesh.
These include EGH: 03, EJH: 09, EKH: 105, NGH: 00, RBD: 42, SGH: 03, SWGH: 03, SWKH: 16, WGH: 29, WJH: 22 and WKH:
The troops tried their best to curb the violence against the crowd and at this time they used to fire with tyndong lyer pynsat tch and also with bullets.
He was brought to Shillong from Nongpoh today and escaped while police are taking him to court.
“Take this golden opportunity to bring about change and don't let this golden opportunity turn into a snowstorm because if you don't become like the breadwinners who eat the syiar, you will be covered with the wheat. They will wear their polo shirts and stay for three years inside their polo shirts.
He said that peace is very important because without peace there is no development but when there is peace the state also grows in all aspects especially in the tourism industry which creates jobs for the people. thousands of young people and women to rural areas.
Shillong, June 23: The State Government today laid the foundation stone for the construction of the Shillong International Center for Performing Arts and Culture (SIC PAC) at Mawkasiang.
The Deputy Commissioner of Eastern West Khasi Hills District in his speech, spoke on many aspects related to the environment, including the types of damage to the environment due to many reasons, including the rapid growth of population of the world and the presence of various industries.
Such programs were held in the Gram Panchayats of Umlangshor and Mukhla Nongrim in Thadlaskein Block.
Shillong, Jrun 13: U Bah Jrun Singh Lyngdoh has been elected as the Rangbah Shnong of Lawmei Pdengshnong, East Khasi Hills.
The reason is that compared to 1996, the situation has changed a lot in terms of population growth and so on.
The health benefits of sleeping well.
On the other hand, the KSU has demanded that the state government should make public the full names from the Aadhar card and EPIC of these students after receiving a complaint that they are from Assam. They also received documents from Ampati, South West Garo Hills.
Speaking to media, Ardent accused the NPP which is leading the government of winning and looking after the elections only, not for the state and the people.
The government's decision to appoint others in their place came after the government announced the results of the MTET from June 25,
“When I was in the PDF, my soul was not at peace, the HSPDP has become my blood,” said LG Nongsiej.
While the soldiers were sleeping, Pa-Togan and his supporters planned to attack from behind and in the meantime the British troops were surprised and fought against Pa-Togan's men.
Kurkalang has accused Fr Francis Gale and Fr Muscat of being abusive to her and other children when she was five years old.
Finally, the union warns all government employees and school teachers not to strike by missing work and missing school except in unavoidable jobs, as this strike will affect the the whole area.
He said that the department under his jurisdiction will enforce the issuance of labor license and those who apply for labor license from the council will have to provide according to the requirements but not only that, they will have to do verification from the council. the police department and the village authorities.
As usual before the lympung shad, the leaders of the Seng Khasi Mawlai, held a thanksgiving prayer to ask God to grant us a bright sky. The forces of nature, even if it is their time to come, should not allow this joyful celebration to go smoothly.
The poverty has appeared outside the state only after a few months of the ban on coal mining in the state, as this has not saved the coal traders, but has affected the contractors. , market dwellers, car dealers, petrol stations, liquor stores, tea shops and others.
Speaking to reporters after a meeting with them in Shillong on Saturday, Kohli said he had long wanted to meet with various religious leaders in the state to discuss issues related to the country's economy. different.
At this meeting, the Chief Minister, Conrad Sangma, who is also in charge of the Finance Department, will also present the budget of the state for the year 2024-2
He said that many of these students as well as those who work abroad after the temporary closure of schools in many states of India and thus these students will stay away when the teachers leave. and they went back to their own villages.
He said the party feels that there is a need for a proper plan for the construction of houses in the state.
Before the rally, he said that there will be some leaders from Lum Garo who will give a short speech.
It grows well during the dry season but during the rainy season it does not grow much and even if it grows it is slow to grow from its stalk because it is dry.
Many Christians were injured, including 8 seriously injured who needed urgent treatment.
Lyngdoh said they will submit a letter to the Governor on this issue to revise these rules which were forcibly removed by the PDF in the special session held on 30th June.
At this meeting, they expressed their problems and wanted the government to increase their salary from T.2000/- per month.
He said that through the Dam Rehabilitation and Improvement Project (DRIP) which is currently under preparation, the dam will be strengthened.
On the other hand, the leaders of the HNYF Womens Wing under the leadership of Bety Jyrwa as President also visited the village to support and encourage their demand that the road is the budlum of the village. development and neglect of the people in this area for many years.
The Pulsar motorcycle burnt down from the inside and another Discover motorcycle (ML-05 J-4963) burnt down from the rear seat.
It is on this basis that Bah Disparsing is pleased to say that if this secret and secret work is found through RTI, it will prevent the senior officers from playing chess. They don't want to obey the politicians because if they don't obey the politicians, they will put themselves in trouble.
Shillong, July 19: The CSWO has expressed its concern over the behavior of police chiefs in some Out Posts where instead of providing assistance to women and children, they are killing women and children. They were misled to send for the withdrawal of the charges they had filed at the police station.
The Commission also informed that as usual, there will also be the option to press the 'None of the Above' (NOTA) button for voters.
Besides money, we now see that the candidates are using another method: to donate gifts such as clothes, furniture, bedding and others.
The Seng, after seeing from time to time the behavior of these foreigners, has issued a strong warning, therefore through this statement, the Seng strongly warns against those who do not. or intends to import foreign workers without proper documents according to the requirements of the time, the union will not stand idly by but will take strong measures and the importers of these foreign workers will have to take them. responsibility at last.
Shillong: The Deputy Commissioner of East Khasi Hills and other government officials will hold a public meeting in the village on the 2nd of November. the reluctance of some residents to participate in all government related development activities due to misunderstanding by someone.
Nongstoiñ, Nailur 07: The KSU Nongstoin Circle today arrested 21 mynder who wanted to work for the Dhar Company, which is building the Nongstoin-Maweit road.
The arrested person was identified as Batmi Dkhar of Pynthorsale.
On the other hand, Bah Dios Jyndiang said that as the people, we need leaders who are selfless and who bring about development in the villages.
The President of the Union of Waheh Chnongs Ri Jaintia, Ma A. Lypon said that this meeting will be special as the new office bearers of the Union, from the office bearers and EC members will be sworn in.
Also present on the occasion were the President of KSU, Samla Ferdinand Kharkamni, President of KSU Western Ri Bhoi Border, Samla Receive Pator, ASHA leaders. Mira June Marsing as Secretary and Imshida Thangkhiew, who was suspended from Nongsier Jirang for helping a disabled youth on the charges against her. He is the son of the Sordar of Nongsier, Jirang.
The Minister also informed that Satellite Cities will come up on this road in the coming years, which will be near Guwahati and the airport.
The Contractors and Suppliers Association also expressed their concern about the duties of contractors and suppliers, on the grounds that many of the contractors and suppliers from Ri Bhoi Many of the works have been done by contractors and suppliers from outside the District.
He said peace and order is the responsibility of the Home Ministry and the Minister should take responsibility for this.
Pala also raised a question in the Parliament on how many cows have died so far and the cost of labor and the allocation of funds to the cow farmers for the expenses in the states and in Meghalaya.
Speaking to media, Ajoy K Lywait, Waheh Shnong said that the decision was taken during the general body meeting of the Dorbar Shnong where the people expressed their concern over the decline in prices. ka Ïawmusiang, where the snow has been falling for about 2 months.
If there is an art gallery, the youth can showcase their talents and sell their paintings,” said Babu Ron.
Therefore, he fought with a brave spirit, to drive out the enemies from these hills, our beloved areas only with the sword, stieh, sum khnam and ryntieh together with the people of Ri 12 Dolloi until He reached the point where he had to surrender his life to the Phasi army of the enemies from the West on the 30th November 1862 and this year is the 158th anniversary of his death. King of the City.
The Los Angeles Times tweeted that Taliban militants entered the airport dressed in military uniforms and night masks and went on patrol. As soon as they entered the airport, they went to try the Chinook helicopter, which was left behind by the US Air Force.
Jowai, Nailur : The Session Judge of West Jaintia Hills District has ordered life imprisonment for three robbers involved in the robbery of Bah Lobi Chullet on July 1, at a place known as “Ait Shrieh” in Thadsning.
Shillong, Jymmang 3: U Bah W. Chyrmang Rangbah Shnong Jalaphet (EJH) has lodged a complaint with the police that on the evening of 30th June he received a letter signed in the name of Ciril Rymbai and The letter demanded T.2 lakh from him in the name of the East Jaintia Examination Army (EJEA) and ordered him to deposit the money in the bank account of Lal Rivunga. Ralte Zoulnuan.
The village has not only gained a reputation for cleanliness but has also been able to force government departments to invest government funds in the village. As a clean village, Lum Wahniai has received nearly T.4 lakh from the BDO office so that it can improve its beauty and cleanliness.
Shillong: A heavy traffic jam has occurred on Motphran road near Jaïaw Taxi Stand on Friday morning with commercial taxis or running taxis.
According to Rakesh Sinha, MP of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), the Hindu nationalist party of Prime Minister Narendra Modi, religion has destroyed the culture of the Adivasis and taken the right to freedom of belief or religious freedom.
However, there are some problems in the villages where the government has already provided the necessary facilities for the implementation of the water supply scheme.
At the meeting held on the 29th, not only the leading leaders of the UDP Mawlai but also the office bearers of the women and women together with the leaders and supporters of the units who attended the meeting decided to follow the decision. to Mr. Embhah.
Kim didn't ring the bell with a pathaw that hadn't been shot.
“It is not easy to catch fish twice in the middle of the road and only on the road it has been slow for many days,” said Bah Mitchel.
“I left my state on the 13th and arrived here (Himachal Pradesh) on the 14th of October, because I have to train before the day of the competition,” said Jovial.
The tournament was inaugurated by Bah Luistar Lyngdoh, General Secretary of FKJGP Umiam Circle in the presence of Bah Welcome Shangpliang, Rangbah Shnong of Nongsder. as the chief guest, members of FKJGP and other elders of the area.
If this is the case, it will put the factory in a dark and hopeless future, because the company, which was established in 2011, 11 years ago, will take over the operation of the factory. which came out decades ago.
Raj Biswa failed to bowl well and the team itself suffered from the bowling of three Mizoram bowlers, KC Cariappa (4/48), Thankuma (3/34). ) and Mohit Jangra (2/36).
Shillong: U Bah Generous Warlarpih, President of KJBWA, has lodged a complaint at Umiam PS on the 16th of this month at about 10 pm. A Maruti Alto Standard stopped and while they were questioning the driver, a Maruti Alto Standard stopped and searched the vehicle at Lasharai. A Hyundai I 10 came and an unknown person claimed that the cows belonged to him.
Sohpetbneng is a sacred mountain in our nation.
vehicles will be allowed to be used by each candidate and the closure time for canvassing is 72 hours before the polling day.
“Why, because he (Samlin) is the youngest brother of Conrad and Prestone, he will be with us,” he said.
The union also questioned whether if this bridge collapses at any time who will be responsible whether it will be repaired by the private sector or the PWD department will repair it.
The GSU strongly condemns the EC's decision to reject this most important issue of the Garo people because the desire to bring their own Electoral Roll in the District Council is to allow only the Achik people to participate. In the MDC election, they should not compete with other ethnic groups because the District Councils are specially created to protect the customs and traditions of the indigenous peoples.
“All licenses for the sale of liquor on the highways should be revoked without renewal from 31st October, 2017,” the Supreme Court ordered.
He said that knowledge is what can make a person a master.
In the first match, NEHU Shillong played against GHDCA and GHDCA won the toss and elected to bat first.
JOWAI: “The MDA Government has strongly advocated for the lifting of the ban on coal mining in the state, but as the election season has come, it has found it difficult to clear and change the files in Delhi.
The arrest of his only daughter, Indrajit Chakravorty, has expressed his anger, saying, "I will fight to the death"
The four contenders are indeed the 'Waheh' of the Pnars, because all four of them have won, including Bah Pynshngainlang Syiem who came second. in the last election from Mawsynram Constituency.
On the doubts of the teachers on the taxes paid by the Government, Bah Tynsong said that the teachers should not doubt, but should trust the Government and if they have doubts they can seek RTI to find out the taxes. truth.
For this reason, they use the parties and people of those states to cover up the secret intentions of the Hindus and RSS from Delhi.
Before the opening ceremony, the Blessed Sacrament of the Duwan was blessed by the Bishop, Rev. Ferdinand Dkhar and a speech was delivered on the greatness of the Holy Eucharist by Father Cresence Roy Laloo.
At the same time, the Dorbar Shnongs, Football Clubs, Academies affiliated to the WJDSA, Districts, Sub-Division Block Sports Associations from Jaintia Hills and other teams were invited to participate. MSL Jaintia Hills to take part in this tournament.
The funeral service will be held on 23/10/2021 at 2 pm at the Presbyterian Church Mihmyntdu.
He said the party wants the people to give their right hand and left hand to elect its candidates in this election, although the party is not yet ready to release the manifestos but The wish that when the people elect the candidates to stand and be the legislators, they should be the pillars of the nation and what she has put first is to resolve the border issue. Most of the people living on the border are facing problems in the district.
Because the money was too much, the Income Tax officials were called together with the bank officials and during the inspection it was found that there was T.2 crore 6 lakh with the money. She was planning to buy gold or drugs, according to police.
However, the report said that Bah Pyngrope may not attend the meeting as he is one of the ticket applicants.
Many people came to witness the screening of the film.
“At present, the HLC does not have the authority to interfere in any matter and what we are doing is to submit only the report of the motor area to the government, and the final decision will be taken by the government. " he said.
The program was attended by the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, Bah Metbah Lyngdoh, in the presence of the Syiem of Nongkhlaw Hima. , Pa'iem PM Syiemlieh, Additional Deputy Commissioner Eastern West Khasi Hills District, Bah A.Nongbri, Superintendent of Police District, Bah MB Syiem, Assistant Director of the Directorate of Arts and Culture, Kong D Kharjana, the Chief of Nongkhlaw Hima, Bah KM Syiemlieh, members of the Syiemlieh Kur, the Sordar of Nongkhlaw, Bah Clement Dkhar, school children and residents of Nongkhlaw.
It is learned that today, Basan and Lyngdoh Bah Firmlystar Lyngdoh came to the village to discuss and seek the approval of the villagers to allocate land for the army camp.
On this occasion, people from various political parties came to express their solidarity and condolences to the people of Manipur.
Jowai, Naiwieng 17: The Lukha River, which is famous in the state, has turned red again after the National Green Tribunal banned coal mining for more than a year. And many fish died in the river.
The social media of the YSRC brought by Sajjala Bhargava Reddy, in collaboration with the I-PAC, has shown that it has tried to bring false witnesses against Naidu.
Bobby Kharshandi candidate of the Voice of the Peoples Party, said that the aim is to bring about a clean governance, a governance that does not discriminate anywhere but that gives happiness to all the people. Nongstoiñ Constituency and the state as a whole.
Narendra Singh Tomar, Minister of Agriculture, Government of India, hopes that another meeting, to be held on the 8th of July, will be successful and expects that there will be an agreement between the two sides. that it reaches a common ground.
“We urge the KHADC to take immediate action to stop the illegal mining of uranium by this company,” said Bah Khyne.
A total of 57 women and 108 men have received the scheme.
The Man of the Tournament award went to Bharat Gurung of Nongpoh Town Club, the Man of the Match Final went to Bah Rudy Shangpliang of Royal Challengers and the highest run scorer award went to Rohit Rai of Donkin. The SCC and the Highest Wicket Taker award went to Robin Chettri of Royal Challengers Mawsynram.
All Government offices and schools will be closed on this day in Eastern West Khasi Hills District.
The children of Bah Rekan and Kong Sandra live in poverty and have only two brothers.
The MLA of 17 North Shillong said that if the Constitution of the country has been amended from time to time, why can't the MOU be reversed? The Prime Minister said that the government is willing to move forward and that it is only this government that is willing to resolve the border issue.
In the final of the featherweight 54-57kg, Services beat Railways to win the gold medal.
The Meteorological Department of the Government of India, Upper Shillong, has warned that heavy rainfall and thunderstorms will continue in parts of the state on the 1st. 2nd and 3rd June
However, we must wait until the election.
In the Technical Session, Mrs. KB Jyrwa, Block Mission Coordinator, spoke on the distribution of textbooks, the enrollment of students with disabilities under the SSA programme.
Shillong, July 8: U MLA of Sohra, Bah TW Chyne, on Tuesday urged the people to love the nature every day, not just once a year.
The BJP came third with only eight constituencies while the AMIM won seven constituencies.
Many of our Christians believe that the church is the dwelling place of God.
After a while, they came out and broke the balcony of the siej, at the same time they burnt down the house of Lamare. but the fire did not consume the whole house, and only the bedrooms were burnt down because of the haste of her husband to extinguish the blazing fire.
The Paiem said that the Hima itself expects such kurs to come forward to know and write down the history of the kurs which is the wish of the Hima.
In the past years, the Seng Khasi Laitkor has been able to acquire its own Seng Khasi house, Lum Jynthang and has also encouraged its fellow members who hold fast to their traditional Khasi religion to hold on to it. Follow the teachings of the ancestors so that you can learn more about the present generation.
Therefore, one of the Government's priorities to alleviate the suffering of the people of Meghalaya is through this mission.
About 100 students from various schools in the city, under the umbrella of Fridays for Future Shillong, took part in a march to call out and urge the leaders to create opportunities for protect the fire mariang.
Another report by the International Institute for Population Sciences (IIPS) released recently entitled “Polygyny in India: Levels and Differentials” has found that East Jaintia Hills is the district in India. Four other districts in Ri-Lum Khasi Jaintia are among the top 40 districts in the world with the highest number of married men. polygyny.
Regarding the incident between the two villages, Lenpdeng Shnong and Lenmawtap, the KSU through its president Bah K. Shabong said that the blame goes directly to the Lyngdoh Sohiong. u Bah Understanding Mountain.
He said that the department has received many complaints especially from Mawlai area regarding the construction of the road.
Uranus Stone Production and Co. has also explained to the public about the operation of the company on an area of ​​49600 square meters. maw, which will also provide employment opportunities to the residents, will also plant trees in the ground areas after the quarrying, to store garbage in one place and also to build a fish pond and others. others.
The union also expressed its surprise that Star Cement has not released the name of the land where it will expand its mine.
The BJP also said that the Congress will fight as long as it has the means to snoh as long as it finds, as it is like a ship that is about to collapse.
When you look at social media, you can't see the comments on the RDA, the UDP, the HSPDP, the candidate, with rude words, which has never happened before in the history of the nation.
However, another vehicle with two passengers was swept away by the landslide.
These teachers who have been appointed as full time government teachers have lodged a complaint against the dismissal because they have not completed the MTET but after completing the MTET the court has ordered them to be re-appointed. to him.
Jowai, July 5: The District Election Officer of West Jaintia Hills District, Bah BS Sohliya, IAS today convened a meeting of the leaders of the political parties including the BJP, AITMC, NPP and others. to submit the Final Electoral Rolls.
Speaking to media after the Cabinet meeting, Chief Minister Conrad Sangma said the Cabinet is discussing the roster according to the order of the Court. a lot of understanding.
We want old and new teachers to get the same GPF and the UGC should abolish the CPF of new teachers,” said Prof. Rengsi.
Speaking to media, Inderjit Singh Rana said that the BSF troops in the past few months have conducted heavy patrols in the border areas of the state and have seized drugs, gold and animals. , and other goods smuggled to Bangladesh.
Shillong: The United Democratic Party (UDP) has decided to announce its recommendations on the Reservation Policy and Roster System in these days for the public to know.
Bah Sharaid said that he does not believe that the Assam Government has stolen land from them by saying that we Khasi are respectable people, who know people and know God. and that saying that we steal land is only a lie.
Immediately a Dkhar chief of the CRPF came and greeted the mother and she called her son to introduce Saheb CRFP. “We just talked about this and that and she got on the Assam State Transport Bus, because in those years, we were still under the rule of the Assamese.
In addition, such protests are not announced or approved by the relevant authorities.
This medicine was purchased from M/S Maxtar BioGENEICS at Khasra No.725, Malku Majra, Nalagarh Road, Baddi district, Solan, Himachal Pradesh.
In this regard, the family members of the deceased have requested the public to inform them if they see these two persons, at the same time to arrest them and shondur as well as to inform and send them. phone numbers – 9612679072, 8837472633 and
He said that 10 relief centers have been set up across the districts of Assam and 7 of them are in Goalpara district alone and there are about 1700 people in these relief centres. which also said that about 9000 hectares of farmland have been destroyed.
Ma Daiapherbha Lamare, Secretary 6 Villages of Wah Lukha Association, said that the association has banned anyone who wants to buy fish from Wah Lukha because the association will not allow them to catch fish. It will be a great loss to them if they buy because the Association will stand firmly against the council's auction of the river.
Shillong: The 1st Grosswell Memorial Football Tournament 2021 organized by the Mawryngkneng Cultural & Sports Club has reached the quarter final of the tournament.
In Kamrup Metro district, most of which is in Guwahati, there are 3,570 cases, followed by Cachar district with 1,866 cases.
The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) Meghalaya has strongly condemned the killing of a foreign worker and the injury of two others in the attack on the morning of the 10th. This month in Mawlai Mawroh area and demanded the immediate arrest of the robbers involved.
“In the upcoming elections, many of the NPP MLAs will win again and we will see a change in Meghalaya,” he said.
These cows have been handed over to PS – Dangar for further investigation.
Besides they don’t give an account of what they have done in the last five years.
The children are defeated and embarrassed when they see that other children's friends have come or been taken to school by their parents.
The U-19 football teams of the State have hoped to win medals in the National School Games after reaching the semi final on Tuesday in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
By the end of the match, Mooknor Thadmuthlong will play against Panaliar at 3 pm tomorrow.
Shillong, Naiwieng 24: Women are no longer willing to walk at night, said various groups.
He said that the cooperation between the supporters of Bah HM Shangpliang and the supporters of Bah Alvin Sawkmie in the NPP has shown that Bah Alvin Sawkmie who is the incumbent MDC will win again in the MDC election. to be held in 2024.
On the other hand, the ATCCC said that the meaning should be changed and should not be confused with the words “magic healing” or “magical healing” but should be inserted with the words proselytizing or conversion and others.
Many other groups have staged protests near the Collectorate.
Some of the works that God will accomplish are – the march from Edom to Jerusalem.
Aristerwell Suting scored 3/9 in 2.3 overs and Shembhalang Pyngrope scored 3/8 in three overs.
If you don't respect this agreement, you won't have any problems.
They will be known as the martyrs of the great tribulation.
“At present, the Governor does not know how to speak another language and the opposition has made this known.
The Ri Bhoi Dorbar under the leadership and support of Bah DD Lapang and Bah Dlosing Lyngdoh demanded the Administrative Unit in
You know in Ri-lum Khasi, there are many political parties-UDP, PDF, BJP, NPP, VPP. who how".
At the meeting, held today by the Confederation of Hynniewtrep Social Organizations (COHSO), Bah Sanbor said that the time has come to implement the Inner Line Permit (ILP).
Prestone said that after considering the request, the Government has decided to extend the term of office by six months, and this decision will be sent to the Governor for approval and issue. you are announced.
Beautiful Rymbai from Mookhep and Merciful Pyrngap from Shnongrim expressed their condolences and requested the government to sympathize with them so that they too can be encouraged to do the work. The government will have mercy on us, we have struggled in the feeding of the children in school, we have suffered for the children, we are facing the problem that we have not received this honorarium for 6 months, In 2022 we receive T 30 and now we receive T 60 tyngka per day but this is not enough in terms of payment, so we request the government to take action to pay our salary ".
Shillong, July 29: With the aim of raising awareness among the public on the dangers of drug abuse in the society, the Women's Wing of the National People's Party (NPP) today held a tyrko competition. Colleges at the State Convention Centre, Shillong as part of the celebration of the International Day Against Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking.
However, the Indian defense team collapsed in the last minutes of the match; Nelson Onana of Belgium converted the goal in the 60th minute.
What I mean is about love; Love your neighbor, But don't be foolish.
Speaking on the slow movement of people from one village to another in the area, he said that it is difficult for the police to monitor if the villagers do not cooperate in taking action. At this time, the Police are also busy in other areas, in order to prevent and curb the spread of COVID-1
Marngar said the protest of the Sengbhalang will continue until the demands are met and the Sengbhalang will discuss carefully to hold the protests in the coming days.
The VPP's commitment and dedication to the public service has been a benefit for the candidate, Bah Ricky AJ Syngkon, who has also been supported by the leader, Bah Ardent Miller. Basiawmoit.
Both the issues have been discussed for 22 years, but the events of these days have raised doubts whether there will be peace and understanding on the social relations of the Naga people, he said. a letter to the prime minister.
On this occasion, the MLA of the constituency, Stephenson Mukhim, donated 75,000 tyngka for the Shad Rongkusi costumes of the village.
One person has died in a road accident at Lad Mukhla on Sunday.
Nongpoh: A dark storm has covered a family from Purdua Kharpati in Ri Bhoi District, about 10 kilometers from Nongpoh, where the first child of the family, who was identified as Wandalin Kongor, 22, who went to work abroad to support her family, has died suddenly in Ri Nongwei.
Anil Chandra Deka, while trying to remind us about football in Assam, wrote, “Ohiya Biswas (stopper) and Dr. Dasgupta (goalkeeper) from Dibrugargh Sunil Das (stopper) and Mr.Nongbri (left out), Handilson Majaw (forward) from Shillong.
He said that a Legal Awareness Campaign should be conducted throughout the state to encourage people to know about the law and to have confidence.
Dr Kamaljit said that the installation of beds and oxygen at this place is to open the door to all the people without discrimination, religion or race. They feel the need for oxygen, they can go to the place where they have prepared for temporary treatment, and when they feel comfortable, they can go. turn to your houses.
For more information please call: 8837351187 /
Therefore, the marriage of a man to a woman, because it has been so long since the time of Adam, is still called 'marriage'
The High Court has issued the order to close down the street houses which have violated the MUDA rules after a PIL was filed by Shillong lawyer Jonathan Thangkhiew and three others against the MUDA. and the houses of the streets were built.
“The PWD North Jowai Division, its presence in Jowai has provided convenience to all the residents of Jaintia Hills and Jowai is the central hub with all the government offices and many others. The villages themselves are related to other offices in Jowai.
After taking the necessary action, the police have placed the body at the Civil Hospital, Shillong and announced that if no one comes to work, they will take the necessary action.
“The Government should abolish the personal interview in the recruitment of Grade IV and III in the state and should appoint youth from the area where there are offices in all districts of the state,” he said. said the MLA of Sohra.
However, it was learned that the fighting has resumed and not only heavy fighting but the fighting between the two Sudanese armies has been from the ground and from the air as well as from the ground. warplanes dropped bombs on workplaces and civilian villages to overthrow the government as much as possible and stronger.
At present, there are no adequate parking spaces in Nongpoh, where Buses, Sumos, Local Taxis, Autos and private vehicles use the Service Road as a parking space. Parking), because there are not enough parking spots.
Now the friendship, family relationship and brotherhood, only “Brothers who reject AADHAR and only brothers who accept AADHAR” A friend of mine who lives in Jowai asked me to visit her sister's house because it's been a while since I've been there.
Speaking on the occasion, Ms Bareh said that the people should no longer believe in promises and promises only during the elections. The election has ended for hours and we have to wait for hours to meet them.
Speaking at the memorial service, Bah Kitbok Nongphlang, Vice President of FKJGP, strongly criticized the UDP for expressing its desire to introduce a freight railway. .
Besides the Prizes and Awards, a Laptop Set will also be awarded to the Toppers who score high marks in various categories.
When asked whether according to the police investigation, most of the drugs came from the borders of Myanmar, Thailand and there were They also came from the Thor of India.
In the extra time, Donlad Diengdoh scored the second goal for Meghalaya.
Shillong: The Kur Shangpliang in Mawsynram on Saturday held a meeting in Mawsynram and formed a Unit to carry out the activities of the Kur.
Another story says that Valentine fell in love with the daughter of the jailer who used to visit him in prison while he was in prison.
In the second half, Pammanik beat Catholic Youth 4-2
Police on receiving a tip rushed to the village to investigate.
The flag will be hoisted on the 14th July 2020 at all the headquarters of the HNLC, said a statement by Bah Sainkupar Nongtraw, General Secretary cum Publicity Secretary of the HNLC. the world as quickly as the name and fame of Alexander the Great of the ancient Greeks.
Nongstoin, November 14: The residents of Nongstoin area have faced a serious problem in the payment of electricity bill to MeECL due to the lack of several payment points known as the Common Service Centre, which are the electricity collectors in Rambrai, Nongstoin and others.
Furthermore, the meeting also discussed the implementation and preparedness in the event of natural disasters as has happened in the past months.
Have I violated the law? Yes, the POCSO Act has already been strengthened but why are there so many cases of violence against women and children?
The father of the child was shocked and killed his son, but it was found that the child had already died. After the incident, the father and the family members of the child were killed. The Sordar and the Rangbah Shnong have immediately informed the Nongstoin Police Station.
Shillong: A foreigner named Vicky Dey, who has claimed to be a resident of the Khasi community, has been arrested by foreigners. Meghalaya has continued to insult and insult the Jaitbynriew on social media and he has been involved in criticizing the state and insulting the state during the riots in Ichamati last year. the dep.
If you don't need it at home, you can buy plates, plates, and shamoit from the shops.
The Apostle Paul said: “Whether we are at home or away, we are pleasing to God.
The last episode, which is also the 99th episode, took place on October 26, 2023.
“We want to clarify that there is a rumor that the ticket from the BJP has already been given to this or that but there are two senior leaders and I am a person who has contested in the BJP. 2018 from Umsning Constituency and Ma Martam, a former MDC, we would like to clarify that the ticket will be decided by the party authorities and it has not yet announced who will be given the ticket. long that you don't have any mistakes.
The tournament is part of the preparations for the National Games 2022, which Meghalaya has set a target to host in the state. National Games.
It enriches not only us but also others.
In the final match of the league, Moolamanoh SC beat Sutnga SSSC 1-1 at Wapungskur Stadium at 11 pm. Thangskai TSC beat Rymbai Pohskur SC 4-2 in Moopala. At Sutnga Pohshnong Stadium, Khliehriat West FC beat Rymbai Iawpynsing SC 4-2 Rymbai Wahshnong won 6-5 against KWYWSC. Rymbai Iawpynsing SC lost with 15 points, followed by Sutnga SSSC with 13 points.
Jha left for the CID of Meghalaya at 11 am today.
Shillong: A man named Ajay (25) has died after being electrocuted at the MeECL transformer installation on Jail Road.
It is to be recalled that FASTOM has demanded from the government to increase the salaries of Adhoc teachers in the state and they have also met with the officers of the education department of the state government to discuss these issues. demand yours.
The road was constructed under the Special Plan Assistant (SPA) scheme at a cost of more than T.4 crore for 10 kilometres.
Shillong, Jymmang 31 : The Meghalaya Democratic Alliance (MDA) government has started to accuse and criticize each other between the parties in the Meghalaya government. Mawlai MLA Bah PT Sawkmie has urged the leaders of Mawlai Constituency to respect each other and to respect each other. The MDA government will be led by the UDP in 2023 and will have to work with the NPP.
The winners were judged by the judges, Easter Lyngdoh Nonglait, Lusiana Lyngdoh and Dr. SA War.
Ma Phyllaw said that his family members took him home and when he got home, his friends took him to Nartiang to lodge an FIR at the Nartiang Police Investigation Center. event.
Two people have died from the disease, bringing the total number of deaths from COVID-19 to 1538 and 211 new cases on Thursday.
He looked at the sky and it was still dark.
The other deaths were from nearby Tamaulipas and Veracruz on the Gulf Coast.
The opening ceremony of the Monolith Festival was also attended by musical performances.
Speaking to reporters, Bah Tynsong said; “I appeal to the top leaders of the HNLC not to have any doubts because we on the part of the government, whether it is the state government or the central government, have a true decision.
Out of the 29 Elaka Sirdarships – 7 Acts have been passed and in all these 29 Elaka Sirdarships we have not passed the Rules till date.
NABARD Infrastructure Development Assistance is a loan scheme designed to provide funds for the development of rural areas.
Retired nurse of H Gordon Roberts Hospital and daughter of the late Emsimai Kharsyntiew and Monsing Nongrang of Rynjah-Lumshngain passed away on the 8th of this month. October, 2023.
These children left the state on Sunday, and will compete in the tournament from the 8th, to compete against other children from different schools of the country, the to take part in this tournament, so it will be very difficult but it is hoped that they will be able to play well and reach the goal.
He said that the Chief Minister, Conrad K Sangma, has tried to disrupt the investigation into the shooting death of former Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) General Secretary, former Hynniewtrep National Liberation Council (HNLC) General Secretary. Bah Cherishsterfield Thangkhiew on 13th July 2021 and said that no one should interfere with the investigation, if they want the truth to be revealed and if they don't understand work, it is their own responsibility to quit.
On the other hand, Prestone said that if there is any shortcoming on the part of the officers or on the part of these people, who went to take part in the wedding ceremony, they will not be exempt from the law. , because they have violated the orders of the government that they have not allowed entry into the state.
The NPP has also announced who is the leader in the MDA, when on 18th July 2022, it decided to release fertilizer to the farmers.
In the third division, Kseh Sylle Ialong won 2-1
PGIL and ReCPDCL are the only brokers while MeECL, NEEPCO and NTPC are not owned by the government.
However, later the Jaintia Dorbar was formed, which joined the list of the Khasi Hima Dorbars to fight for the cause of the salonsar people, against the Indian government, after the withdrawal of the foreign government.
Shillong: Former GNLA leader Champion Sangma, who is on bail, has said that he agrees with the National Investigation Agency (NIA) to investigate into the murder of Sohan D Shira. “Let there be an investigation by the NIA. Let the NIA investigate, because the people want such an investigation.
“I have heard that the government will give land to the Harijans but this is not true because the land will be owned by the SMB. Leave the VPP to fix, what will the VPP do? When they don't know only 'A' and 'B' on this issue but they are trying to mislead the people, I urge the VPP leaders to come and ask for clarification from the Government.
The second issue that the Chief Minister and Government Ministers have conveyed to the Prime Minister is the inclusion of the Khasi and Garo languages ​​in the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution. .
